
 What replaced it was an entirely new round ball-shaped light membrane aperture wall.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan advanced to Rank three!


 But Fang Yuan did not loosen up, and instead forced the remaining black red primeval essence out of his body.


 This primeval essence was not usable, and if injected into Gu worms, they would die. If left remaining inside the aperture, the longer it stayed, the more it would pollute the light membrane aperture walls, and cause one’s aptitude to decrease.


 After expelling all of the black-red primeval essence out of his body, he grabbed a primeval stone and started to recover his primeval essence.


 First, a white silver fog appeared, then it condensed into water droplets, finally forming his white silver coloured primeval sea.


 For a Gu Master, Rank one is green copper primeval essence, Rank two is red steel, and Rank three is white silver.


 But this white silver primeval sea was not pure, as there was a trace of black-red mixed in — this is the side effect of using the Man-beast Life Burial Gu.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised. He calmed his mind and expelled this white silver primeval essence out of his body, before forming new primeval essence.


 The second time round, the black-red coloured substance was reduced by half.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied, and expelled his white silver primeval essence again, forming new primeval essence for the third time.


 After several tries, the black-red substance was reduced to a barely observable amount, and even if Fang Yuan attempted more tries, this substance would remain.


 This was an unavoidable consequence of using the Man-beast Life Burial Gu.


 The Man-beast Life Burial Gu’s effect was extraordinary, able to turn a Rank two peak stage Gu Master with no hopes of advancing his entire life, into a Rank three. This was literally changing fate, thus there had to be some imperfection.


 Getting rid of this black-red substance, there was a method. The most common would be to use the Cleansing Water Gu.


 Cleansing Water Gu can completely wash away impurities in the aperture; it appeared once in the tree house, but was bought by the Chi faction.


 In this short term, Fang Yuan could do nothing about the black-red substance.


 ...


 "You bunch of useless idiots, what are you all doing! Not able to find such a large, lively person?!" In the medicine hall, Gu Yue Yao Ji flew into a furious rage, and her screaming caused even the window lattices and curtains to tremble.


 In her heart, she was worried, frightened, anxious and enraged.


 It had been three days and three nights, the four frenzy lightning wolves were exterminated and Gu Yue village was relatively safe at the moment. But her granddaughter Gu Yue Yao Le was nowhere to be seen.


 Even after she mobilized all her relationships and combed the battlefield, there even being large-scale search parties around the village, there was still no trace of her.


 The ones who saw Gu Yue Yao Le for the last time were the battling Gu Masters. What they saw was — Gu Yue Yao Le falling into the encirclement of the wolves, and had to run away frantically, in a worsening predicament.


 These showed that Gu Yue Yao Le was not in an optimistic situation, most likely consumed by the wolf packs.


 But Gu Yue Yao Ji was indignant.


 She could not accept such a cruel truth.


 If it was any other girl, so what if they die. But this was her own blood-related granddaughter, someone she had nurtured since young to be the inheritor of her medicine faction!


 She was so well-behaved and intelligent, loved by everyone. So lively and cute, bringing others joy.


 These days, Gu Yue Yao Ji could not sleep at all, for in her mind, it was all images of her granddaughter.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji had originally maintained her looks well, but in these three days, she seem to have aged over ten years. It was like her heart was dug away, and she felt an endless pain of emptiness.


 In her screaming, tens of Gu Masters lowered their heads, enduring the cruel insults of the old woman.


 "Reporting to medicine hall clan elder, this subordinate has something to report." At this time, a Rank two Gu Master walked in.


 "What! Is it news about Yao Le?" Gu Yue Yao Ji’s eyes shone, asking quickly.


 "Someone advanced to Rank three, the clan leader is holding an elder meeting at the clan leader pavilion, to confirm the situation." The Gu Master quickly reported.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji’s eyes dimmed, waving her hands, "Not information about Yao Le, and still disturbing me? Wait... wait, what did you say... Someone advanced to Rank three and became a new clan elder?"


 Halfway through, she reacted and lightly frowned.


 This was too sudden, with zero premonition.


 The appearance of a new clan elder would influence the entire Gu Yue clan’s political situation. This was a huge hit on the medicine faction who has lost its inheritor.


 In the medicine hall, the standing Gu Masters started to discuss among themselves, guessing the identity of the new clan elder.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji frowned, asking immediately, "Who advanced to Rank three?"


 "Reporting to Lord Yao ji, it is Gu Yue Fang Yuan," the Gu Master answered.


 "What? It’s him!" At once, Gu Yue Yao Ji’s iris shrunk; this was the worst of news to her.


 In the hall, the Gu Masters also started to discuss violently.


 "They couldn’t have made a mistake could they, to think it’s Fang Yuan?"


 "Isn’t he a C grade talent? How can he become a Rank three Gu Master so quickly?"


 "Once he’s Rank three, he will be a clan elder, a higher-up in the clan. When we see him next time, we have to bow and greet him!"


 "How can this be.... This is literally soaring through success!"


 "Earlier, didn’t they say he’s dead? He went missing for three days and three nights, and his corpse could not be found on the battlefield. We thought he was eaten by lightning wolves already..."


 They were stunned, jealous and confused.


 "Missing for three days and three nights, without a corpse on the battlefield, isn’t this the same as Yao Le’s situation?"


 Gu Yue Yao Ji’s ears twitched, and her woman instinct caused her to have intense suspicion towards Fang Yuan for no reason!


 She suddenly changed her mind; she is going to the clan leader’s pavilion.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 And there you have it. Poor bear!!


 Now since I’m at it, after reading the comments in Chapter 152 I would like to remind you guys what I have warned in the first chapter — This is a novel about an evil MC. The author’s wish was to write about a FINAL BOSS villain as a main character, because he was tired of seeing dumb villains and ’intelligent, billion-year-old reborn evil MC’ that ’fell in love with every beautiful girl at first sight’... So I will state a new warning here: The novel doesn’t have any sex or rape scenes (until Book 5 but it is not what you think) so you don’t have to worry about that part. However if you couldn’t handle 151’s chapter of the bear eating the girl, I would suggest that this novel may not be for you, because it isn’t the worst thing Fang Yuan has and will do. That said, I hope most of you were able to handle 151 and are still enjoying the ride!



***
Chapter 153: Really aged


***





 Chapter 153: Really aged


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "He has truly advanced to Rank three!"


 "This Rank three aura is genuine, and there is the white silver primeval essence; there is no mistake."


 The atmosphere in the clan hall was solemn.


 The clan head Gu Yue Bo was sitting on the highest seat, with many elders seated in rows by his left and right.


 Whispers could be heard here and there, and dozen of people’s attentions were more or less gathered on a young man who was standing upright in the center of the hall with his head held high.


 The young man was Fang Yuan.


 "To think this Fang Yuan advanced to Rank three."


 "If I hadn’t personally seen it, I would never have believed it....."


 "Doesn’t he only have C grade aptitude? How could he advance so suddenly?"


 "Actually, it can’t be said to be sudden. Did you forget that he obtained two red steel Relic Gu?"


 "Right, it was two whole Relic Gu, they can completely raise his cultivation steeply. Just thinking back when I cultivated, sigh....."


 The group of elders were both amazed and puzzled; this matter had caught them completely unprepared.


 "This Fang Yuan was able to advance to Rank three! He is merely of C grade aptitude, but could actually have such accomplishments in this short time. This is really a surprise." Gu Yue Mo Chen who was seated on the frontmost seat in the left row exclaimed inwardly.He thought of two-three years ago, when Fang Yuan was still in the academy, and killed a servant of his family.He had already forgotten the name of this servant. But the minced corpse Fang Yuan sent over had left a profound impression on him.


 From that day, he saw Fang Yuan in new light, but didn’t expect much from him due to his aptitude.


 Now, this young man actually had such accomplishments!


 According to the clan system, all Gu Masters who advanced to Rank three were new elders.


 A new elder was bound to have a huge impact on the old political structure.


 "If I had recruited him before, I would be able to use this impact and gain political dominance. Sigh, it really is a pity....." Thinking of this, Gu Yue Mo Chen couldn’t help but glance in front of him.


 His old rival Gu Yue Chi Lian was seated on the frontmost seat in the right row. Right now he had a gloomy expression and obscure light flashed in his eyes.


 "This Fang Yuan definitely has secrets on him. Although he had the help from the two red steel Relic Gu, he couldn’t have had advanced to Rank three so fast, this is something even Qing Shu couldn’t accomplish," Gu Yue Bo was also pondering.


 He unavoidably thought of his adopted son Qing Shu, and sighed.


 Were Gu Yue Qing Shu alive, he might also have Rank three cultivation by now. Unfortunately, reality is cruel.


 "Medicine hall elder Lord Gu Yue Yao Ji has arrived—!" At this moment, the doorguard suddenly announced loudly.


 Following his announcement, an old woman walked in through the door. Her face was pale and filled with wrinkles, but under her weary eyelids were extremely sharp eyes that locked onto Fang Yuan in an instant.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji spoke as she walked forward quickly, "Fang Yuan, you advanced to Rank three? I don’t believe it! I will personally verify it, let me inspect your aperture!"


 The aperture was a Gu Master’s most important secret and was also their personal affair. How could they let others inspect it so easily?


 Fang Yuan slightly turned his body and looked at Yao Ji who was walking over. He replied with a sneer, "Gu Yue Yao Ji, on what basis are you demanding to inspect my aperture?"


 Back then, when he had just begun cultivating, his aperture would be inspected at fixed intervals by the academy elder. But it was different now, he was already a Rank three Gu Master, someone who was on equal footing with other elders like the academy elder and the medicine hall elder.


 Moreover, it was very simple to verify one’s cultivation.


 White silver primeval essence couldn’t be faked easily, and similarly, his Rank three aura was a fact.


 "Outrageous! You, a junior dares to call me by name?" Yao Ji’s eyes widened, "Why can’t I inspect you? With my identity as the medicine hall elder and also as your elder, I have the right to do so!"


 "Hmph, old hag, calling you by name is giving you respect. I still have yet to settle the scores between us. You harbored a grudge towards me when I didn’t sell you my Liquor worm, and actually wanted to plunder my Nine Leaf Vitality Grass? Hmph, I also wanted to exchange my merits for that Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu, but you prevented it in the dark. Now, I am also a Rank three Gu Master, so you had better stop putting on airs!"


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were narrowed and his words sharp as a blade. He was very clear-cut with his words, completely showing off his hostility towards Yao Ji.


 If he said this with a cultivation of Rank one or Rank two, he would definitely be suppressed and even attacked. However, the situation was completely different now; he was a Rank three and his position was already equal to the elders.


 Towards Fang Yuan insulting Gu Yue Yao Ji, the other elders’ strategy was to wait and see.


 Being at a high position, their considerations were profound. Even if they weren’t born shrewd, the years of political struggle had trained the shrewdness in them.


 They didn’t have much understanding of Fang Yuan, so they could take this opportunity to observe him.


 "Brat, you have the cheeks to slander me!" Gu Yue Yao Ji was furious due to the humiliation. What Fang Yuan said was true, but why would she admit it in front of everyone?


 The elders present were all silently observing the situation unfold. Most of the elders present here knew of the matter regarding the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass and even had transactions with Gu Yue Yao Ji.


 However in politics, there are only eternal benefits; never eternal enemies or eternal friends.


 Upon hearing Gu Yue Yao Ji retort herself, Fang Yuan coldly laughed and didn’t reply.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji’s sound echoed and lingered within the hall.


 This old woman was slightly trembling, this silence made her feel like she was alone!


 Something had changed.


 The situation was no longer the same.


 Were Fang Yuan to be a Rank one or Rank two, these elders would immediately jump out to stand on Gu Yue Yao Ji’s side and unitedly punish Fang Yuan. The authority of higher-ups absolutely didn’t allow the lower levels to challenge it!


 However, Fang Yuan was Rank three now, and even if the clan head hadn’t officially announced it, his position as an elder was already set in stone. Thus, his contradiction with Gu Yue Yao Ji was now the internal conflict between higher-ups.


 Fang Yuan was a newly advanced elder, his foundation were not yet deep and didn’t have any background, but this was also his strength as he had nothing to lose in the first place, thus having no fear.


 By contrast, Gu Yue Yao Ji was old and though she was in control of medicine hall, had a high position and broad connections, this was also her weakness.


 She was old and she couldn’t afford to lose. Her medicine faction’s inheritor Yao Le was missing and the enormous assets she controlled were coveted by many.


 It would not be bad if it were peaceful times, but now was the time of the wolf tide and even elders had the possibility of dying.


 Things were turbulent, newcomers climbed up in position and old timers stepped down.


 This was a time of change, there weren’t any elders that could guarantee their own safety. Even the clan head could fall down.


 In the history of Gu Yue clan, the number of clan heads that died in a wolf tide weren’t few.


 As for the elders, they couldn’t even guarantee their own safety, so unless there were enormous benefits involved, they wouldn’t meddle in other people’s fights.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji felt like the situation had turned thorny.


 The hall was silent.


 Due to the matter regarding her granddaughter, she hadn’t slept for three days and three nights. Right now as she stood there, she felt an invisible pressure shrouding her body and mind and it caused cold sweat to form on her forehead.


 She felt like a crippled old wolf, standing alone in the wolf pack.


 The surrounding wolves were standing in the shadows, observing her through their deep, dark green eyes.


 Fang Yuan who was in front of her was like a stoic wolf who had revealed its brilliance in the battle. He was so young, energetic and also ambitious.


 It really was the saying — Old waves push the new waves forward, and a new generation replaces the old!


 At this moment, Gu Yue Yao Ji felt that she had really aged. Very much so!


 Her eyelids jumped even more severely as her imposing aura gradually lowered.


 However, Gu Yue Yao Le’s figure appeared in her mind; she forcefully opened her blurred eyes, her aura increasing suddenly.


 She opened her mouth, "Fang Yuan, why did you disappear for these three days? If you hadn’t shown up, your name would have been listed in the casualties announcement in the medicine hall, in the list of the Gu Masters who died in battle. You disappeared for three days and three nights, and when you come back, you are already a Rank three Gu Master. What happened during these days? Heh heh, I believe everyone here is interested in your explanation."


 After realizing she could no longer easily create troubles for Fang Yuan, her tone became more mild, no longer as forceful as before. However, her words were still very strong, with treacherous intentions hidden within.


 After all, she had the highest seniority as a high-ranking politician!


 The elders’ eyes brightened when they heard this, revealing clear interest. No one was a fool among those present here, Fang Yuan’s sudden advancement to Rank three was indeed strange.


 His C grade aptitude was after all known by everyone.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji’s words brought those elders to stand by her side again.


 However, since Fang Yuan dared to return so grandly, he naturally had made preparations.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he raised his head and laughed, "Old woman, what you want to know, am I obliged to tell you? However... hearing the pitiful news of your granddaughter’s death, I will benevolently tell you. During the past few days, I have been in closed door cultivation in Elder Chi Lian’s manor, trying to breakthrough to Rank three. This point can be verified by Elder Gu Yue Chi Lian!"


 "What?" Gu Yue Yao Ji revealed a startled look.


 Other elders were also shocked, all kinds of complicated expressions appearing on their faces.


 Immediately, everyone’s gazes were cast towards the gloomy-faced Gu Yue Chi Lian.


 The Chi faction head, who held one of the two most powerful influences in the Gu Yue Clan, now appeared so gloomy that water could drip out from him.


 However in front of everyone’s gazes, he knew he needed to give an explanation, thus he reluctantly replied, "It is indeed so. I can testify that Fang Yuan has been in a closed door cultivation in a secret room in my manor during these past few days."


 The instance these words came out, the whole crowd went in an uproar.


 The elders possessed deep restraint, they wouldn’t lose their bearings and make a scene. However, there were many whispers and mutterings.


 "To think Gu Yue Chi Lian actually had relations with Fang Yuan!"


 "Fang Yuan’s advancement is related to Chi Lian?"


 "There is a great probability! Didn’t people speculate that Fang Yuan had someone supporting him from behind the scenes? To think it was the Chi faction."


 "Maybe the reason for Fang Yuan’s fast cultivation speed is because of Chi faction pouring resources to him. Fang Yuan is Fang Zheng’s older brother, Elder Chi Lian’s actions have a very profound meaning."


 Some elders discussed whereas some elders’ mind were flipping over.


 "It turns out this Fang Yuan wasn’t a junior with no one to guide his steps, he has the help from Chi faction. We need to be cautious towards him in the future."


 "Fortunately, we didn’t interfere and jump into the fight between Fang Yuan and Yao Ji."


 "Yao Ji is in a dangerous predicament, she wanted to deal with an elder who didn’t have any backing, but she could never have had expected that his background was so solid. It’s actually the Chi faction!"


 Gu Yue Yao Ji’s face was very pale. When she had heard Gu Yue Chi Lian confirming it, she took a step back in shock, her whole body trembling faintly.


 Opposing a lone elder compared to an elder backed by the Chi faction, these were two utterly different concepts!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 I would like to thank all my Patreon supporters so far! Thanks :D I can buy one extra cup of coffee and tea now every month e_e)/ | Thank you Yotae, hertic and Ledreaf  This tunnel was longer than he expected, Fang Yuan spent over twelve hours and walked over three Li worth of distance! Li is 500 meters, I don’t know why he took twelve hours just to walk 1.5km lol? It’s not even an exaggeration.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 There’s a joke in the chinese forums. They always say it whenever the author makes a blunder on stuff like how old an era is. They will say, don’t you know? Gu Zhen Ren’s mathematics skill was taught by his P.E. (sports) teacher! Moral of this is, author has terrible maths or something.



***
Chapter 163: Thunder Crown Wolf


***





 Chapter 163: Thunder Crown Wolf


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 As Fang Yuan looked at the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, many doubts in his heart was cleared. He could roughly speculate what had happened.


 Going back in time, a millennium ago.


 A solitary Rank five Gu Master came upon Qing Mao mountain and incidentally found this underground natural spirit spring.


 He was exulted and settled down here. He began merging the mortal villagers living around the foot of the mountain together, forming the prototype of Gu Yue village.


 He took in over a hundred wives and concubines, wantonly spreading his bloodline.


 He was the ancestor of Gu Yue clan, the founder of Gu Yue village.


 Time passed by, and he passed away ending the first generation, then it was the second, third until it reached the fourth generation.


 The fourth generation clan leader possessed an A grade aptitude and cultivated to Rank five, creating another golden age for the clan.


 One day, a demonic path Gu Master came to the village.


 He was bald and muscular, dressed in pink clothes and moved alone; his favorite hobby was to defile innocent women. It was the famous devil of the demonic path: Flower Wine Monk.


 Who knew what fortuitous encounter this Flower Wine Monk had, to be able to know the recipe to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. After many preparations, he only lacked a natural spirit spring to refine this flower Gu.


 After looking all around, he finally chose Gu Yue village’s spirit spring.


 At first, he used the pretence of buying moon orchid to slowly approach the Gu Yue clan’s higher-ups and get the details on Gu Yue clan.


 Afterwards, in the battle with the fourth generation clan leader, he was able to achieve complete victory with his formidable strength. He had not only killed the fourth generation head, but also downed a large majority of the elders. However, his body was infected by the Moonshadow Gu.


 Moonshadow Gu’s ability was to restrict primeval essence and wasn’t enough to be fatal. However, Flower Wine Monk couldn’t wantonly slaughter if he wanted to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, as that would attract a lot of attention and hinder the progress. Thus, he chose to do things from the dark.


 He used the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider to dig out a tunnel, secretly advancing to this area. Due to the thorough preparations he had made before and with the sufficient materials, he was able to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus in the spirit spring.


 The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus has an extraordinary background. Its fusion recipe had been created many millenniums ago by a Gu Master of the righteous faction: Immortal Venerable Genesis Lotus.


 Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was only a Rank three flower Gu, but it had its advancement route and could become the Rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, which was ranked sixth among the list of Top Ten Great Immortal Gu rankings. Its worth was about the same as the Spring Autumn Cicada!


 The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus had a reputation as a portable spirit spring, because it could produce primeval stones.


 However, its fusion process had an extremely high price.


 To refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, there must be a natural spirit spring. This spring should be full of primeval energy, and cannot be a spirit spring that has been used for many years, with its reserves drying out.


 After the fusion succeeds, this spirit spring will be thoroughly useless and will lose its ability to produce primeval stones, becoming just an ordinary spring.


 A natural spirit spring is extremely valuable. One only needs to look at how this spirit spring has sustained countless Gu Masters of the Gu Yue clan for close to a millennium to realize this point.


 Refining a Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus would completely destroy this spirit spring. But that was just the beginning. If it was to be advanced to Rank four, it would need seven spirit springs, nine at Rank five, and eleven for Rank six!


 Apart from this, many extremely precious Gu worms would be needed as auxiliary ingredients.


 "If I take this Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, it would be like carrying a mini-scale spirit spring with me. The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus is only a Rank three Gu, so its daily primeval stones production can’t compare to a normal spirit spring, but the amount will be enough to sustain my cultivation expenditure!"


 This was just one of its benefits.


 The primeval stones produced by Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus were a lot more than the earnings from the Nine Leaves Vitality Grass.


 Primeval stones can not only help in advancing cultivation - they are also an exchangeable form of currency.


 With the treasure lotus, Fang Yuan could decrease the amount of primeval stones he carried. The tusita flower could then be used to store various stuffs which could greatly decrease the burden on him.


 "However....I heard that the fusion process of the treasure lotus is quite mysterious; it appears from nothing during which it transits between the astral and physical form. Ordinary people can’t see it, and it can only be seen clearly through the crystal. This Gu is quite delicate and needs to be nourished within the spirit spring for nine days and nine nights until it grows out nine intact leaves, before it can be plucked and put into the primeval sea in the aperture. If one picks it up before the time is ripe, all their efforts would be completely wasted."


 Fang Yuan didn’t know the detailed recipe of Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and only knew some insider rumors. He had no idea on how to advance it in the future.


 Even so, this Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus would be of an enormous assistance to him.


 He looked beyond the crystal wall and carefully observed; to his surprise, the flower only had eight and a damaged half leaf. There was only half a leaf left for the nine complete leaves.


 Fang Yuan wasn’t baffled by this.


 Centuries had passed, the spirit spring’s reserves had been consumed for four generations of time.


 This Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus condensed the majority of the spirit spring’s essence, constantly consuming the primeval stones produced by the spirit spring, and causing the spirit spring’s reserves to further decrease. As a result, the treasure lotus slowly began to reverse the absorption, instead replenishing the damage to the spirit spring. By doing this, it was damaging itself; this was the reason for the damaged leaf.


 "Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus must have nine complete leaves before it can be plucked. It only has eight leaves and a half now. I need to throw in primeval stones to the spring if I am to pluck it!"


 Primeval stones were the crystallization of the spirit spring, they could provide the nourishment to the treasure lotus and let it grow again.


 However, don’t underestimate this half damaged leaf. It was sure to require large amounts of primeval stones for it to grow back!


 "If I am not wrong, this crystal wall should be produced by a Moat Gu...." Fang Yuan tried to touch the wall, and found that this wall was real but also virtual, just like light and shadow; his hands went through the wall without any obstruction.


 But he quickly took back his hand and didn’t dare to go deep into the spirit spring.


 Spirit springs should never be polluted.


 He poured his primeval essence into the tusita flower and took out a primeval stone.


 He threw the primeval stone through the crystal wall. As if the wall didn’t exist, the primeval stone went through it and dropped into the spirit spring, striking onto the phantom figure of the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus transited between blue and white and started shaking like water ripples. It digested the primeval stone in almost an instant.


 After waiting for the flower to turn calm, Fang Yuan observe it attentively, but found no change in that damaged leaf.


 His expression was calm. He started throwing in dozens of primeval stones but there was still no change to the damaged leaf.


 Fang Yuan continued to throw in primeval stones while silently counting the number. When over five hundred primeval stones were thrown, the damaged leaf finally grew by a little.


 After the sight of this scene, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but feel slightly gloomy.


 From this calculation, he had to throw in at least over fifty thousand primeval stones in at one time.


 If he did it in batches and the time gap was long, Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus would consume itself to replenish the spirit spring as the clan continuously extracted primeval stones.


 "Over fifty thousand primeval stones...I only have just over ten thousand with me and lack forty thousand more."


 With his status as an elder, raising these forty thousand primeval stones wasn’t really a problem.


 The true problem, however, lay elsewhere. Once he took out this Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, the spirit spring would be completely useless and this was bound to attract the whole clan’s furious and frantic investigation.


 Fang Yuan had plentiful experience, but he had limited methods. If the clan investigated without any considerations, they were sure to find some clues. In fact, the clan’s higher-ups were already suspicious of him, but their suspicions were temporarily suppressed by the wolf tide.


 If the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was exposed, Fang Yuan would definitely be the primary suspect.


 Even if Fang Yuan secretly escaped, he would suffer the whole clan’s reckless chase.


 "I can’t give up over the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. Even if I don’t have its fusion recipe, who knows what the future holds? The problem is that once I take this Gu, it is akin to stabbing a hornet’s nest and bringing calamity upon myself."


 Fang Yuan secretly considered every situation and decided he had to wait for the best opportunity to appear, to take this Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 "This Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus should be the last inheritance of Flower Wine Monk. But there are many suspicious points to this; Flower Wine Monk would have come to this place to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, so what kind of accident did he encounter to be so seriously injured that he had to hurriedly set up this inheritance before dying?"


 Fang Yuan already knew the reason for the Flower Wine Monk to set up the inheritance.


 It was to take revenge against the Gu Yue clan.


 If Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was to be taken out of the spirit spring - whether it was a success or failure - this natural spirit spring was bound to be useless.


 Without the natural spirit spring, Gu Yue clan would have no foundation to stay here. It was only a matter of time before the clan broke apart.


 "Forget it, I won’t make any headway in my doubts without any new evidence. I should return to the village now." In the end, Fang Yuan shook his head and began to return back the way he came.


 When he had just exited the rock crack, a loud and clear wolf howl continuously resounded.


 "This sound!" Fang Yuan turned grim and quickly moved.


 When he reached the riverbank outside of the rock crack, he could smell a thick odor of blood.


 Sounds of cries, yells, wolf howls and explosions could be heard even though there was still some distance to the village.


 Fang Yuan concealed his figure and climbed a hill.


 It was early in the morning and the first rays of sunlight had just broken out of the sky.


 Countless wolf packs were rushing towards the Gu Yue village like a flood.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze swept past them, then his body trembled.


 In the rearmost part of the wolf packs, he saw a lightning wolf that was as large as a small hill.


 Myriad beast king: Thunder Crown Wolf!


 It was tall and slim, had strong limbs and its whole body was covered with eerie blue scales. Tufts of golden wolf fur could be seen on its claws and tail.


 The fur on its head were all stiff and upraised, forming a towering crown.


 It was crouching on the ground and was still like a sculpture. The frenzy lightning wolves and bold lightning wolves around it constantly howled, serving to show its elegance and nobility.


 Just by sitting there, it had already brought a great mental pressure to the Gu Yue clan.


 "The myriad beast king has finally arrived, it is the decisive moment for the survival of the Gu Yue village!" Fang Yuan gazed towards the village; innumerable Gu Masters were in fierce battles, using all of their strength to block the frantic charge of the wolf tide.


 Suddenly, around ten figures flew out of the village and rushed against the wolf tide, charging towards the Thunder Crown Wolf.


 They were all elders and in front of them was the clan leader Gu Yue Bo!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 The calm of the storm is over, here comes the first of waves!


 Maybe some of you should stop reading for a month, because it won’t be good for your health. The cliffhangers will kill you until Book one ends at Chapter 199!!



***
Chapter 164: Intense Battle


***





 Chapter 164: Intense Battle


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 If one wants to fight against the thunder crown wolf, one must strike first. Its strength is just too great, and if it was let into the village, it would definitely cause great losses and damage.


 This group’s capabilities were huge. With the Rank four clan leader Gu Yue Bo as the leader, and his elders as his support, they were a strong attacking force.


 The wolf tide was surging violently, yet they went against it with careful and compact cooperation. As if the group was a warship, splitting the waves apart, advancing bravely forward.


 Wherever they went, they were practically sweeping everything away in their path!


 The closer they got to the thunder crown wolf, the more the pressure coming from the wolf tide increased.


 Gu Yue Bo was calm and composed. Suddenly he stretched out his right palm, and slashed in front of him.


 Swoosh!


 A golden coloured moonblade, as big as a grown adult, formed in a split second and flew out towards the front.


 Swooosh swoosh swoooosh!


 After flying out for a few meters, this moon disk suddenly went through a change, and from one blade it turned into three.


 Three moonblades flew alongside each other, bringing about the sound of the wind whistling as it plowed open three bloody paths like knives cutting meat apart.


 Many wolves fell without exception. Broken limbs flew into the air, and blood-curdling cries sounded non-stop.


 A frenzy lightning wolf roared and started rushing over fiercely towards the Gu Masters from the right side."Let me!" A clan elder suddenly went from a thin and dry appearance, turning into a huge fat man in one breath.


 With a bang, he used his round belly and sent the frenzy lightning wolf flying away.


 The frenzy lightning wolf had come in a torrential rush, and the greater the strength of collision the stronger the bounce back was. It was thrown across high into the air, cutting an arc and then finally falling down hundreds of meters away.


 The other elders were displaying all sorts of abilities.


 There were some with long hair like needles, continuously shooting out and sweeping away lightning wolves.


 Some of them had their bodies covered in light armor, forcefully bearing through the wolves’ tearing and biting.


 The thunder crown wolf went from a half-sitting state, and slowly got onto its feet. It firmly stared at the Gu Masters rushing towards itself, and the wolf’s dark eyes flashed with warning.


 It opened its mouth and let out a low roar, revealing its sharp and jagged wolf fangs.


 Each of the frenzy lightning wolves and bold lightning wolves that heard its roar immediately got up and rushed towards the Gu Masters.


 The Gu Masters were instantly slowed in their charge, receiving great obstruction.


 "Clan leader!"


 "I’ll leave it to all of you, clan elders!"


 "You have to win..."


 Numerous eyes flashed and gathered on them. Unknown number of rallying cries and shouts sounded from the the depths of the clansmen’s hearts.


 This was the most crucial battle.


 If they lose the battle, the entire clan would face the danger of being wiped out. If victory was assured, then they would have held against the hardest moment of the wolf tide.


 This was the battle that would decide the life and death of the Gu Yue clan!


 None of the elders backed off. They pushed forward, while drenched in blood. Even though they did not lose any numbers, none of them were spared from injury.


 They eliminated all the obstacles around them, until they faced the thunder crown wolf, then charged towards it.


 Therapy Light Gu.


 Suddenly a middle-aged female clan elder stretched out both her hands, and a pure white, warm light bubbled forth. The light first flowed onto the clan leader’s body, and then reflected onto each of the other clan elders.


 This was a Rank three healing Gu with area-of-effect properties, and it could instantly cause the wounds on Gu Masters to stop bleeding. Light wounds would be recovered completely, while heavy wounds would be healed by half.


 "Continue fighting!" Gu Yue Bo roared loudly.


 Five clan elders swiped their arms as they heard the signal, and sent a moonblade flying towards the sky.


 Suddenly a clan elder roared as all the muscles on his body erupted and expanded three times, becoming a white fur giant ape.


 It jumped in front of the group, its hands joined together.


 Gu Yue Bo stepped onto its two hands, and with a low roar, the ape kicked from the ground and stretched out its waist, using all the strength in its body to toss Gu Yue Bo into the sky.


 Moon-invite Gu.


 Gu Yue Bo spread out his left hand; it was giving out a hazy, whirlpool-like purple moonlight.


 The moonblades that the clan elders had shot towards the sky were all absorbed and annexed by this purple moonlight.


 "SLASH!"


 Gu Yue Bo’s eyes shone as he shouted in a thunderous volume, splitting the air with his palms from up to down.


 Pew!


 Winds and thunder resounded as a purple moonblade, larger than a horse carriage, flew towards the thunder crown wolf.


 This moonblade looked slow but was actually fast, and in a split second, it struck its target.


 The thunder crown wolf howled and at the last moment, a thunder light armor appeared on its body.


 Bam!


 In the next moment, an intense explosion occurred as the sky was engulfed in eerie blue lightning pitting against the purple alluring moonlight.


 Numerous people squinted as the shockwaves spread from the impact, sending the ordinary lightning wolves in the vicinity flying.


 When the intense light dissipated, the Gu Masters were already engaging in battle with the thunder crown wolf.


 The clan elders were all extremely experienced and well coordinated with each other.


 An aged old master with floating white hair shot out needles from it endlessly like rain.


 On another side, a female Gu Master blew out flames from her nostrils like lingering snakes, and she spouted a wave of orange flame and assaulted two sides at the same time.


 There were another three Gu Masters - one turned into a white ape, while another turned his muscles into steel from head to toe as they both tried to curb the thunder crown wolf. The other Gu Master tossed out unending numbers of Puppet Gu, pouring his primeval essence and turning them into vine armoured grass soldiers or wooden servants with red spears, using them as fodder to attract the incoming assault.


 Healing Gu Masters stood at the outer circle, using Therapy Light Gu from time to time. Beside them were defensive Gu Masters, giving them care and protection.


 The thunder crown wolf had been beaten badly. Its right front limb had a huge wound, the blood flowing non-stop. This was the outcome from the attack of the purple moonblade a moment ago.


 It roared continuously as it had fallen into the Gu Master’s well planned trap. Even if it had the spirits to fight back, there was not much it could do.


 The Gu Masters weaved and jumped around it like fleas on a cat or dog. They continued to move around and pulled space as they worked with completely chemistry.


 But the good situation did not last, for the thunder crown wolf slowly began to adapt, while the wound on its body did not stop healing.


 It was clear that it had a healing Gu on its body. This was very bad news.


 The healing Gu’s existence would mean that this is a war of attrition.


 Wild Gu could just use the natural essence straight from the air, while Gu Masters could only use primeval essence from their own apertures.


 After the battle reached fifteen minutes later, the thunder crown wolf suddenly howled towards the sky, and a torrent of lightning flashes enveloped its whole body, while its speed sharply increased onefold.


 The elder who had turned into a white ape could not dodge in time. Unable to react to this change, he was bitten by the thunder crown wolf and his skull was torn into two by the wolf’s tugging.


 The thunder crown wolf had torn a line in the battlefront, and with continuous swipes of its tail, purplish blue electric currents rushed forth; the Gu Masters could only back away non-stop.


 In this dangerous moment, the clan leader Gu Yue Bo stood out.


 He was a Rank four expert with powerful attacks and superior defense, like the center pillar of the group, using all his strength to salvage the situation.


 Mountain rocks broke and shadows dissipated as group battles enlarged. The aftermath ravaged the battlefield, and not a single lightning wolf dared to enter battle.


 The situation of the battlefield only became more desperate. The thunder crown wolf’s injuries became heavier and worse, the bleeding unable to stop, and bones could be seen in the deeper wounds. At the same time, the Gu Masters also suffered heavy losses — so far they had already lost six clan elders. If not for the village’s clan elders’ immediate and urgent dispatch, coming in to aid the fight, the battle might have long collapsed.


 "Everyone, stand strong, holding is the key to victory!" Gu Yue Bo killed until his eyes were red, and his voice was hoarse as he gave his all to arouse morale.


 But at this moment, the thunder crown wolf suddenly went berserk, and its body was enshrouded in a layer of bright red light.


 Rank four Berserk Gu!


 The thunder crown wolf’s strength, speed, agility and other attributes suddenly rose to twice the original base.


 Boom!


 There was a loud noise as it swiped its right claw, turning a clan elder into complete meat mush.


 With a flick of its tail, the sound of wind erupted and an electrical net flew out, trapping a field of grass and wooden puppets, then burning it all into charcoal.


 "I can’t keep up, my puppets are already used up!" The elder cried out, frightened.


 With the situation rapidly changing for the worse, the terror of the myriad beast king was fully unleashed, leaving everyone in despair.


 Gu Yue Bo’s eyebrows were locked tight, and it seemed like he was about to break his teeth from gritting, when he suddenly yelled, "Trap it, use the Iron Chain Snake!"


 As the clan elders heard this, they were awed in their hearts.


 Early during the start of the wolf tide, they had already displayed countless of battle tactics; this was a method that must only be used when there was no other choice!


 "Wind Snare Gu!" An elder cried out, and from his nostrils came a green breeze, wrapping around the thunder crown wolf’s claws.


 "Swamp Gu!" Another elder roared and crouched down, bringing his two hands down and slamming on the ground. Instantly, the earth below the thunder crown wolf turned into mud.


 With these simultaneous attacks, the thunder crown wolf’s movements were slowed at that moment.


 Taking advantage of this opportunity, the other elders all stretched out their hands, and from their sleeves and pants, waves of black shadows shot out.


 The black shadow was about the size of a fist, and each length was around two meters long. On close inspection, one would see that each black shadow was a snake Gu.


 This snake was shaped like an iron chain, its whole body a gloomy black. Coils of metal rings were strung and connected together, and only the snake head looked normal.


 As it flew out, the snakes wriggled on the ground, quickly climbing onto the thunder crown wolf’s body.


 Their heads and tails then connected and mutually fit together, forming a metal net in the blink of an eye, taking root from the ground and trapping the thunder crown wolf on the spot.


 But this situation was only temporary, for as the thunder crown wolf struggled continuously, one by one, the iron chains would break off. In just five to six minutes, these metallic snakes would completely disintegrate away, no longer trapping the thunder crown wolf.


 "Chi Guang, Suo Ping, stay here and stop the wolf pack from attacking the metal chains. The rest of you, fall back to the village with me!" Gu Yue Bo shouted. He actually had chosen to retreat.


 However the other clan elders did not show any surprised expressions; they had already known the clan leader’s intention.


 They hurried back to the village, and immediately a clan elder came up towards them and said, "Lord clan leader, everything has been prepared!"


 Gu Yue Bo nodded, commanding the group to go to the clan pavillion.


 In the plaza before the clan pavillion, there was already up to a hundred Gu Masters seated on the ground.


 These Gu Masters were mainly those who were seriously hurt and could not enter battle in a short period of time. Each of their faces carried a calm expression of facing death without fear. Meanwhile for those who still had the ability to battle, they were fighting away on the front lines.


 With the battle reaching this moment, the clan had already given its all. In this dire situation, even the mortals had been mobilized. Using each and every single human life to be turned as a meat wall, obstructing the wolf tide for the time being, this gave the Gu Masters some time to recuperate and regroup.


 Gu Yue Bo and the clan elders went into the ancestral halls of the clan pavillion.


 Under the memorial tablets of their ancestors, they all sank to their knees on the floor."To the great ancestor above me, we descendants are greatly ashamed! The wolf tide is turbulent, and the village has fallen into the situation of life and death. We beseech our great ancestor to come and give us a hand!" When Gu Yue Bo finished speaking in a low voice, the ancestral hall fell into deep silence.


 Drip drop.


 A few of the clan elder’s blood seeped out from their hastily bandaged wounds, dripping onto the floor.


 Gu Yue Bo and the rest of the clan elders held their breaths, not even daring to pant or breathe loudly.


 Back in the day, when the first generation clan leader felt his death approaching, he set out to leave the village. Before his departure, he left a testament behind. It spoke that if the clan would ever fall into the danger of perishing, they could pray before his memorial tablet. At that moment, Gu worms would descend from the sky and help the village through the difficult situation.


 Throughout history, the Gu Yue clan had suffered through major crisis a few times, and they had dealt with the calamity this way.


 This was the Gu Yue clan’s last trump card!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Sending prayers to your ancestors, like everyone does when in times of trouble. Except... will it work this time?



***
Chapter 165: Blood Guillotine


***





 Chapter 165: Blood Guillotine


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 In the ancestral hall, it was deadly silent. The clan elder and clan leader lowered their heads like a big rock was weighing on their heart.


 After a Gu Master dies, the Gu worms they leave behind will still have the person’s will remaining. They cannot be considered wild Gu worms, and have had lost their ability to use the natural essence in the air.


 These Gu worms can be considered a extension of life of that particular Gu Master.


 Everyone’s heart was uneasy.


 The first generation clan head had passed on for at least a thousand years, so were the methods that he had left behind still effective? No one knew.


 After all, since the last crisis, it had already been two hundred years.


 "Why did they retreat?" On the slope, Fang Yuan saw this scene and grew suspicious.


 In his previous life, his cultivation was too low, thus he could not learn about the clan’s secrets.


 But soon his body shook, discovering that a group of flying worms had descended from the sky.


 "This is..." Fang Yuan eyes squinted as cold light shone.


 There were up to a hundred Gu worms flying around in a cluster, forming a red cloud, descending and landing on the village square.


 Buzz buzz buzz...


 The noises emitted by the insect group entered the ancestral hall, and the clan elders raised their heads, showing a frantically overjoyed expression.


 "Thank you great ancestor, for the protection!" Gu Yue Bo’s heart felt at ease as he paid his respects before getting up.


 "Go, go and see," the clan leader sighed. On his face, there was happiness, solemness and grief, a complicated expression.


 Leaving the ancestral hall and standing on the building’s stairway, everyone could see that on the village square, there was a red tornado rampaging.


 These Gu worms were only around the size of a fingertip. They were shaped like locusts, with a scary face and was red all over.


 They entered the bodies of the Gu Masters sitting on the square, extracting their blood and primeval essence. In a few breath’s time, one insect multiplied into more worms.


 Thus, the Gu increased greatly in numbers as time went by. There were constantly new Gu worms being produced, flying into the Gu Master’s skin and flying out, and then digging in again.


 In the village square, miserable cries and cold groans sounded, but not one Gu Master fled.


 Before they came, they were already informed by the clan elders. For the clan, they willingly tributed their bodies to feed the Gu, using their own sacrifices to bring about the survival of the clan.


 "These are all good lads of our clan!" Gu Yue Bo seeing this muttered in a low voice, as the hand holding onto the railing shivered slightly.


 The other elders showed a painful expression, but did not say anything.


 This situation was exactly as recorded in the clan memorials. The first generation ancestor had left behind these Gu worms, and they required Gu Master’s lives to feed. Only then are they satisfied and will help the clan to defend against external enemies.


 After these flying Gu were full and satisfied, they flew up again with an even greater presence; in the blink of an eye, they had grown in number over tens of times!


 What was left on the square were piles of white bones as the Gu flew out like a tornado, rampaging through the wolf packs outside the village.


 "The Blood Guillotine indeed..." Fang Yuan who was standing on the slope saw everything and thought in his heart.


 This Blood Guillotine is a Rank five Gu. Its usability and feeding are fused into one; it was a very strange Gu.


 They specialized in consuming a Gu Master’s life-bound origin blood, and after feasting, they would start to multiply, from one to two, two to four...


 If they were hungry and couldn’t find food, they would start to eat each other, reducing the size of their group to sustain the expenditure they needed in moving around.


 At its peak the Blood Guillotine could engulf the skies and lands, destroying villages in their path, and were more fearsome than many Rank six Gu worms. When it was weak at only one or two in number, they would barely have any power and is worse than a Rank three Gu.


 Especially when this Blood Guillotine Gu advances into the highly acclaimed Rank six demonic Gu, Blood Deity. Among the Top Ten Great Demonic Gu in the world, it ranks 7th.


 In his previous life, when Fang Yuan created the Blood Wing demonic sect, he first wanted to refine the Blood Deity instead of the Spring Autumn Cicada. However, because of circumstances and many other reasons, he could only reduce his expectations and refine the Spring Autumn Cicada.


 This group of Blood Guillotines numbered up to tens of thousands. Like a tornado sweeping the battlefield, everywhere they went, wolf packs howled and wailed.


 They flew left and right, entering the lightning wolves’ bodies and in a few breaths’ time, the lightning wolves’ blood would be completely absorbed.


 But this beast blood could not allow the Blood Guillotine to multiply. Only a Gu Master’s origin blood that contains primeval essence could achieve this effect.


 One after another, lightning wolves were reduced to dry corpses, lying on the ground and losing their lives.


 Only the bold lightning wolves and frenzy lightning wolves’ lightning currents could resist this Blood Guillotine.


 However, they could only electrocute a small number of flying insects, before an overwhelming number of Blood Guillotines would rush up and suck them into dry corpses.


 Howl!


 The steel web broke completely as the thunder crown wolf regained its freedom, howling in anger.


 The Blood Guillotine detected it and it gathered quickly, forming a large red cloud and engulfing the thunder crown wolf completely.


 The thunder crown wolf’s tail swung around as blue lightning currents shot out and turned hundreds and thousands of Blood Guillotines to crisps.


 The popping sound was just like firecrackers going off.


 A gust of wind blew, bringing along the horrible burnt smell of the roasted Blood Guillotines.


 The Blood Guillotine was indeed a Rank five Gu, but without a user, it could only attack head on. The thunder crown wolf had several Rank four Gu residing in it, and some had a wide area attack method, countering this Blood Guillotine.


 The flying insects moved like a red cloud as the thunder crown wolf’s hill-like body howled and struggled, creating a havoc.


 At this moment, the thunder crown wolf’s large body became its weakness as the fingertip-sized Blood Guillotine took advantage of it.


 The battle was intense. As large numbers of Blood Guillotines fell on the ground, the thunder crown wolf’s armor was broken through, and some Blood Guillotines drilled their way in and started to suck blood wantonly.


 Without any other choice, the thunder crown wolf could only spray lightning plasma on its own body, electrocuting these Blood Guillotines.


 But this way, its surface muscles were all fried, emitting a fragrant cooked meat smell.


 The wolf tide’s attack on the village had already stopped.


 Under the thunder crown wolf’s command, numerous lightning wolves attacked the insect group instead.


 The Gu Masters could be said to have escaped death, and many held their breaths as they watched this intense and tragic battle nervously.


 The insect group was like a death plague. Numerous lightning wolves would rush in and drop dead soon after.


 However, the lightning wolves’ sacrifice also caused the insect group to face high expenditure.


 The Blood Guillotine dropped in numbers. The original dense cloud had turned into a thin fog, and soon it was reduced to a small tornado still flying in the air.


 The thunder crown wolf struggled and escaped, its mouth howling as it ran with all its speed.


 The blood in its body was almost half gone. Now its body felt soft and tired, while its running speed was not even 10% of the usual speed, and the lightning currents flowing on its body also became extremely scattered.


 As the leader of the wolf packs, the escape of the thunder crown wolf caused the other lightning wolves’ fighting spirit to diminish, and they also escaped all over the place.


 "We finally did it..." The Gu Masters seeing this, became blank as some just collapsed on the ground, unwilling to get up.


 "I’m actually still alive!" Many Gu Masters’ expression was complicated; some were filled with happiness while also in grief.


 Through the wolf tide, many clansmen were sacrificed!


 Buzz buzz buzz...


 The scattered Blood Guillotine group flew high into the sky, flying one huge round around the Gu Yue village before vanishing into the clouds.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a complex thought.


 The defeat of the thunder crown wolf meant the village was now safe. In fact, most of the wolf packs were dead or injured, so they no longer had such a huge number.


 This wolf tide, could be said to have been over.


 However, wolf packs bear grudges, and as long as this myriad beast king is not dead, during the next wolf tide it would attack once again. After many years of recuperating, it would become even shrewder and stronger.


 In the current situation, it was at its weakest. Killing it now and getting the Gu worms on its body, can help replenish some of the clan’s losses.


 "Yao Zhong, Ge Yan, you two stay behind and take care of the situation. Other clan elders, follow me and assault the thunder crown wolf!" Gu Yue Bo hurriedly ordered, before leading the remaining seven elders capable of fighting out of the village and towards the direction that the thunder crown wolf escaped in.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, weighing in his heart, "Although the clan’s power is greatly reduced, the current situation is not in a mess. Moreover, this Blood Guillotine has a suspicious origin, I better follow the clan leader and check out the situation."


 Saying so, he went into stealth mode and went down the slope.


 The Stealth Scales Gu and the Thunderwings Gu cannot be used concurrently. Thunderwings Gu was a Rank three Gu, and once activated it forms a pair of lightning wings that cannot be hidden by the Rank two Stealth Scales Gu.


 Against the Rank three clan elders, the Stealth Scales Gu’s hiding ability was not effective.


 Fang Yuan could only follow their tracks and keep a distance between them, not daring to get close.


 When the thunder crown wolf attacked, he was still in the rock crack secret cave and did not participate in the battle. If he appeared now, it would attract the rage of the clan head and clan elder, and if they questioned him, he would have not been able to explain himself.


 The injuries of the thunder crown wolf were very severe, so it could not move fast. After half an hour, Fang Yuan could hear that there was the sound of fighting and scolding ahead of him.


 He went there in stealth, getting onto a mountain rock, observing the Gu Masters’ fight.


 The thunder crown wolf lay on the ground with many new injuries on its body. Blood was flowing non-stop as it was gasping for breath. Its dim eyes showed that it was very near death.


 "Old geezer Bai, you and your guys sure have the face, coming here to take advantage of the situation!"


 "Hehehe, Gu Yue Bo, that’s not the right thing to say. This thunder crown wolf was obviously stopped by us, get a clue and fuck off!"


 Gu Yue Bo and the Bai clan leader were at a standstill, wary against each other.


 The wolf den had three thunder crown wolves, all myriad beast kings, each having their packs of tens of thousand lightning wolves. But they did not glue together, and neither could they suppress one another.


 The wolf packs’ movements relied on working together. The three thunder crown wolves had intelligence, each targeting the three large "beast groups" to hunt.


 In their eyes, humans were also wild beasts, and even prey.


 In their understanding, the wolf tide was a massive hunting session.


 On Qing Mao mountain, the Xiong, Gu Yue and Bai clan were able to live for hundreds of years. Naturally, they all had their trump cards.


 Xiong clan was the weakest, still resisting the wolf tide with difficulty even now. The Bai clan had risen these years, and their cumulative strength had exceeded the Gu Yue clan. After killing a thunder crown wolf and pushing back the wolf tide, the Bai clan leader brought his clan elders to Gu Yue village, trying to find some opportunities.


 To think that there really was such a chance! Thus they blocked the thunder crown wolf in this valley.


 The thunder crown wolf’s body had many Gu worms, and some were even Rank four. The thunder crown wolf’s blood, bone, eye and fur were all precious refinement material. The Gu Yue clan naturally would not let go of them, and under intense anger, they attacked.


 "Hehehe, Fang Yuan you really came. I’ve waited for so long!"


 On the mountain wall, a cold laughter was heard.


 Fang Yuan raised his head, only to see a white clothed young man descending from the sky as an iceblade slashed towards his face with resolution.



***
Chapter 166: Second Battle versus Bai Ning Bing


***





 Chapter 166: Second Battle versus Bai Ning Bing


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 His hair snowy white and his orbs blue, a one-arm figure in white.


 Who else could it be but Bai Ning Bing?


 Before the ice blade touched his body, Fang Yuan could feel a cold eerie feeling assaulting him from behind like a comet striking the earth, full of cold killing intent.


 Fang Yuan’s irises were black in contrast, unmoving in danger, leaping backwards and injecting primeval essence into the Sky Canopy Gu, creating a white armor to protect himself.


 Bam! The iceblade struck the ground heavily, and at that instance a bunch of white icicles grew from the ground, erupting upwards.


 Swoosh!!


 The sharp icicles stabbed upwards at the direction Fang Yuan was retreating towards, creating an icy path.


 Fang Yuan easily somersaulted and avoided them.


 The mountain path was narrow, so he slid down towards the valley along the edges.


 "Hehehe, Fang Yuan oh Fang Yuan, why is it that everytime I see you, I feel that intense urge to kill you? Mmm, tell me!" Bai Ning Bing excitedly shivered as he laughed maniacally.


 His laughter attracted the gaze of the other Gu Masters in the valley.


 Seeing Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan, their expressions were different.


 "Lord Bai Ning Bing, let me assist you!" A Bai clan Gu Master who originally stood at the side shouted and struck towards Fang Yuan.


 "Clan leader, it is our clan’s Fang Yuan!" Gu Yue clan’s Gu Masters shouted.


 "I know." Clan leader Gu Yue Bo’s expression was uncertain, and he dodged the Bai clan leader’s attack as he decided, shouting, "Get the materials into our possession first!"


 Fang Yuan had mysteriously vanished before the wolf tide arrived, causing the Gu Yue higher-ups to feel highly doubtful of him. In addition, the intense pressure from the Bai clan Gu Masters resulted in no one going to reinforce Fang Yuan.


 Bai Ning Bing saw help arrive and flew into a rage, shouting at the person, "Scram, this is my battle, don’t interfere!"


 "Lord Bai Ning Bing, you lost an arm and have reduced battle potential. You are the hope of our Bai clan, you cannot be lost. Let me sweep this obstacle for you!"


 The Bai clan Gu Master shouted as he leapt, charging towards Fang Yuan.


 He activated his Gu worm, both hands glowing with a orange yellow light.


 Bam!


 He lightly patted the ground, and the light entered the earth. Instantly, a lump grew from the earth.


 The mud lump advanced towards Fang Yuan as it got bigger.


 Suddenly the mud lump exploded, revealing a yellow mud arm.


 This arm was humongous, as tall as an adult as it grabbed towards Fang Yuan. Its power and presence caused others to feel suffocated.


 Fang Yuan snorted in disdain.


 Seeing this arm grab at him and about to succeed, a dark golden light suddenly shot out from his aperture, turning into a shiny ribbon of light, wrapping around Fang Yuan’s body.


 The big arm reached his body but was twisted by this dark golden light, breaking and collapsing.


 "Oh? What Gu worm is this?" Bai Ning Bing showed shock on his face.


 The dark golden light dispersed, revealing the true form of the Gu.


 It was over a metre long, as wide as two fists. Its dark golden exoskeleton displayed dominance as its sharp razor blades at the side of its body shone with cold light.


 Chainsaw Golden Centipede!


 "Come," Fang Yuan shouted, extending his right arm, his fist clenched.


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s numerous segments climbed up his body nimbly, its body twisting and turning like a snake, coiling around his right arm.


 Its mouth opened and swallowed Fang Yuan’s right fist in one mouth, all the way until half his forearm was swallowed.


 Fang Yuan’s arm swung, and the metre-long golden centipede moved its tail. In the air, it drew an arc, emitting a crisp sound.


 At this moment, the golden centipede shrunk its body to the max, its near-two metre length shrinking to one meter and a half. At the same time its feet shrunk into the exoskeleton, leaving behind only two rows of razor blades.


 At one glance, Fang Yuan looked like he was holding a dark golden-silver bladed, giant hiltless sword!


 The reinforcement Gu Master was shocked, he had never thought that the Chainsaw Golden Centipede could be used like this.


 The Gu Master’s raising Gu, refining Gu, using Gu — all three required deep research. Fang Yuan’s method was innovative and unheard of, using his imagination to the limit.


 But actually, this method was not invented by Fang Yuan.


 Three hundred years later, a new demonic faction talent, the ‘Chainsaw Mad Demon’ would use the Rank four Chainsaw Killer Centipede, one of the advancement paths of the Rank three Chainsaw Golden Centipede.


 But in this life, Fang Yuan using it at this point is really unprecedented.


 "I shall let you guys have a taste," Fang Yuan smirked, using the primeval essence in his aperture and injecting them into the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s body.


 Buzz buzz buzz!


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipedes’ two rows of razor blades started to move violently, emitting a wild sound, causing others’ heart to shiver upon hearing.


 Thunderwings Gu!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with determination as a pair of eerie blue thunderwings formed on his back with a crisp sound.


 Whoosh!


 The thunderwings flapped, causing Fang Yuan to shoot out like lightning.


 Fast! Fast! FAST!


 The speed was so fast that the Bai clan Gu Master’s iris shrunk as he felt a chill.


 The smell of death was so close, and he shrieked as he used his strongest Gu; a thick yellow light appeared on his body.


 The yellow light was like armor, except that before it fully materialized, Fang Yuan had already gotten close.


 His black hair danced in the wind, his eyes like lightning, looking like a demonic god that emerged from nightmares, killing his way into the mortal realm!


 His movements were violent, and he completely exerted his muscles. As they tightened up, he used the strength of two boars to their limit.


 The golden centipede-like sword, waved like a golden shadow in the air. The razors rotated violently, slashing towards the Bai clan Gu Master’s waist.


 Crack!


 The yellow light armor broke under the slaughter of the chainsaw - it was never fully formed in the first place. At this moment, it scattered instantly.


 The razors entered the meat as if it was cutting butter, and as Fang Yuan flicked his wrist, the chopped up meat flew all over the place along with the blood. The Gu Master’s spine smashed and his intestines were grinded to a pulp.


 The Bai clan Gu Master’s upper half of the body flew into the air, while his lower half remained on the spot.


 Plop.


 He stared with wide-opened eyes, staring in fright at his lower half, dying in extreme fear and shock.


 This commotion caused the fighting among the two clans to stop temporarily. They all looked towards Fang Yuan, sending shocked, angered gazes.


 This Bai clan Gu Master was also a Rank three elder, and was slightly famous.


 But under Fang Yuan’s aggressive, dominant attack, he was instantly killed.


 Fang Yuan’s body was still blood bathed, with the Bai clan Gu Master’s flesh still sticking to his clothes. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s two edges were still rotating violently, and with such ferocity, it caused everyone to look away.


 "What a great Gu worm!" Bai Ning Bing shouted, his eyes showing insanity and excitement.


 "Fang Yuan, you did not let me down indeed! Come battle!" He shouted, his passion blazing like flames, striking towards Fang Yuan.


 "Noisy fucker." Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as ice, turning around to counterattack.


 Bam!


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipede and the iceblade collided. With a cracking sound, the razors cut into the iceblade and caused it to shatter into pieces.


 In the next moment, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede broke through the iceblade and swept across Bai Ning Bing’s face.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed as he resolutely let go of the iceblade and retreated backwards, almost two metres of distance away.


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipede when shrunk was only 1.5m. Adding on Fang Yuan’s right arm, there was still a little distance before it could reach Bai Ning Bing. But Fang Yuan willed, and the Chainsaw Golden Centipede suddenly extended itself.


 "This?!" Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck and did not anticipate this turn of events.


 He was hit on the chest by the centipede’s tail. Even with his ice muscles protecting his body, there was still a large cut on his body.


 At that instance, he felt a strong force assault him, and he was unavoidably sent flying, landing on a huge rock behind him.


 Blood splattered on the rock’s surface, but his ice muscles soon stopped the bleeding.


 Bai Ning Bing coughed intensely and was about to get up, but suddenly he heard a thunderous sound.


 The sound was right beside his ear, and an unprecedented sense of danger entered his heart.


 Bai Ning Bing’s iris shrunk as he did not even raise his head, but frantically rolled away.


 BAM!


 In the next moment, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede descended from the sky. With its imposing aura, it struck the ground that he was at a moment ago.


 The razors rotated violently, and the huge rock broke into pieces.


 "If this hit landed on my body... I’m afraid..." Bai Ning Bing’s heart chilled, and a sense of anger stemming from his indignant nature rose.


 Ever since his battle with Gu Yue Qing Shu, he had stopped suppressing his cultivation, and let it rise naturally.


 Although he lost a limb, he had his complete cultivation, but was still suppressed by this Rank three initial stage Fang Yuan!


 Indignant! Humiliation! Rage!


 "KILL!" He growled, his wrist turning and injecting primeval essence into the iceblade Gu, forming a brand new iceblade.


 Seeing Bai Ning Bing come closer, Fang Yuan laughed coldly and attacked with all he had.


 He had obtained the Black and White Boar Gu, thus his strength was greater than Bai Ning Bing. At this point when waving the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, it was as light as a tree branch.


 Cut, slash, hack, twist, turn, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede rotated violently, moving as agile as a bee in Fang Yuan’s hand. At times it appeared heavy like an elephant, sometimes ferocious as a tiger, and sometimes flexible like a snake.


 The most crucial point was, the golden centipede followed Fang Yuan’s will, extending and shrinking at times, sometimes longer and sometimes shorter, sometimes straight sometimes curly. That made it hard for Bai Ning Bing to adapt, and he could barely defend himself.


 He cried and screamed as he retreated gradually, his body filled with injuries. His white battle robe had turned into a beggar’s attire.


 Fang Yuan moved like a black wind, his expression cool as he displayed an extremely profound sword technique, saber art, axe and rod skills. He fused all these skills into one, turning the Chainsaw Golden Centipede into a lethal weapon!


 A Gu depends on who the user is.


 "Good on you, Fang Yuan!" Bai Ning Bing shouted after numerous iceblades broke; he finally realized that he could not go head on against Fang Yuan.


 His body was bathed in blood and the ice muscles’ defense was almost broken, but this led out his immense battle passion.


 If close range won’t do, then long range it is.


 Blue bird ice coffin Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing pulled some distance and spit out several times.


 Several flying birds flapped their wings and flew towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not fluster. With an unchanging expression, his left arm moved and the blood colored moonblade stopped these ice birds in their tracks, causing them to explode in mid-air.


 People were normally proficient in using moonblades on only one arm, but Fang Yuan had such a rich battle experience, and even his left arm could completely shoot out moonblades without any deviation.


 Bai Ning Bing seeing that did not work, used the Icicle Gu.


 Icicles flew and mixed in with the blue birds to form a barrage attack.


 Fang Yuan’s long range attack was solely moonblade, thus he only chose to block the most dangerous ice birds. Against the icicles, he dodged some while tanking the others with his Sky Canopy Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing finally had a bit of an upper hand and wanted to increase his advantage, but Fang Yuan suddenly laughed coldly and shrugged his right hand, causing the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to detach and burrow its way into the ground.


 This hidden threat was too much.


 Bai Ning Bing was dumbfounded at this, scolding loudly as he quickly took steps back!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Sorry for being a bit late guys, I was sick last night. Still sick now but better, kinda.. Oh hey, they changed the synopsis! Finally :3 Also expect the next chapter tonight at the same time!



***
Chapter 167: A fourth one?!


***





 Chapter 167: A fourth one?!


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "You forced my hand!" Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth, forming an iceblade.


 At the same time, he activated his Swirl Gu and Fierce Wind Gu.


 The white iceblade storm appeared once again!


 At first it was just a small gust, but very quickly, the size expanded and the icy winds roared as the blizzard spread. The floor was slowly covered in hard ice, preventing the Chainsaw Golden Centipede from emerging and attacking.


 This iceblade storm is a unique move of Bai Ning Bing’s. Evidently it showed the battle talent of the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.


 This was formed by the Iceblade Gu, Swirl Gu and Fierce Wind Gu. When used together, it created something that could attack and defend. Without two or more defense Gu working together, one cannot resist it.


 The fierce winds roared and the ice blades froze all in its path. The white storm assaulted like a huge beast awakening, opening its mouth and devouring Fang Yuan.


 These three Gu together form a ferocious offensive technique that can freeze all life. Even with the Sky Canopy Gu’s defense, Fang Yuan would probably be unable to block it.


 The storm approached, but Fang Yuan showed a look of disdain.


 The thunderwings behind him instantly flapped, pulling a large distance away from this iceblade storm.


 Times were different now. If this was the past, his movement speed would be lower than this storm, but now the storm could no longer catch up to him.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance as he turned his direction in mid-air, and flew towards the valley.


 The iceblade storm chased him relentlessly.


 "Don’t come here!"


 "Fuck off!!"


 Whether it was the Bai clan Gu Masters, or Gu Yue clan, both were scolding and shouting.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, continuing his charge.


 The iceblade storm had an imposing aura as it continued to chase Fang Yuan while Bai Ning Bing’s laughter was heard from within.


 "Don’t think of getting any further!" A Bai clan Gu Master blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


 Fang Yuan’s hand hooked, and from the ground a thick and long golden line jumped out and landed on his right arm, like a large sword.


 Buzz buzz buzz!!


 The rampaging sound from the razors caused the Bai clan Gu Master’s eyelids to shiver.


 Fang Yuan held the Chainsaw Golden Centipede in his right hand as blood light shone in his left - he was using the Blood Moon Gu but not shooting it. His body was covered in a white coloured armor, and thunderwings sparked behind his back. His black hair flew in the wind, and behind him there was a mountain-sized white storm.


 His presence was overwhelming with his eyes emitting sharp killing intent, as if he was charging through the desert, a general with seven victories under his belt. Stomping all his enemies into minced meat, and chopping any opponents into broken bones.


 "AHHH!" The Bai clan Gu Master felt an impossible pressure as veins popped on his forehead, and he suddenly shouted loudly, edging himself on.


 But as he shouted, seeing Fang Yuan was rushing towards himself without pause, he suddenly shut up and ran away.


 He was scared!


 The fear in his heart eroded his fighting spirit.


 Fang Yuan did not care about him, instead rushing over towards the thunder crown wolf who was on the verge of dying.


 Winds blew as his charging was fearsome, and everywhere he went, Gu Masters avoided.


 The thunder crown wolf forced itself to focus, turning its head towards Fang Yuan. Lightning gathered on its teeth; the myriad beast king’s pride refused to let itself die so easily. Even through death will it retaliate!


 Fang Yuan was seemingly about to collide onto the thunder crown wolf like a meteor hitting earth, but at the last second he suddenly jerked his leg and rushed up into the sky, flying out of the valley at a steep angle.


 He had just flown out of the valley when an intense explosion occurred behind him.


 The thunder crown wolf’s cries fused with the sound of the ice blade storm.


 A move like the iceblade storm could be said to be Bai Ning Bing’s masterpiece, but it had weaknesses too - it could not be easily displayed or stopped.


 Of course, this storm knocking into the thunder crown wolf was also due to Bai Ning Bing’s personality.


 The thunder crown wolf was heavily suppressed by the white storm.


 It was already going to die, but now it could resist no further. Its armor was cut into pieces and blood and flesh flew all over the place, revealing its white skeleton, which was quickly minced into bone matter.


 "Damn it!" Seeing this, the Gu Yue clan’s side all swore.


 The Bai clan Gu Masters also showed a pained expression.


 With Bai Ning Bing doing this, after the thunder crown wolf dies there would no longer be any valuable loot left on its body.


 But Bai Ning Bing did not mind it. Instead he rotated even faster, enjoying the feeling of devastating a myriad beast king.


 Gu worms turned into rays of light one after another, flying out of the thunder crown wolf’s body.


 These wild Gu worms had all resided in the thunder crown wolf’s body, using each other to work together and survive. Now that the thunder crown wolf was dying, they were like crewmen on a ship, abandoning the sinking ship and escaping for their lives.


 "Catch them!"


 "Quick, stop these Gu!"


 The two clans shouted at once.


 The situation went into chaos again as clan elders attacked each other in attempt to hinder the other. The two clan leaders could not split themselves, thus finally, only two or three clan elders with movement-type Gu managed to fly out of the valley.


 The wild Gu worms ran everywhere and Fang Yuan focused and observed, trying to discern them.


 "What a pity my recon Gu is Earth Communication Ear Grass, it cannot increase my vision. There is definitely a healing-type Gu on this thunder crown wolf, but whether I can catch it or not, it’s up to fate!"


 This was betting purely on luck, but Fang Yuan had no choice.


 Recon-type Gu worm, there were all sorts of them, but right now he only had the Earth Communication Ear Grass.


 His thunderwings spread and he rushed towards the closest Gu worm.


 This Gu’s body was covered in a blue light, trying to fly far away.


 Fang Yuan rushed up, opening his hand and grabbing it.


 Whoosh!


 Its body emitted an intense electric current and assaulted Fang Yuan.


 Thunderwings are formed by lightning, it has speed but is not flexible. Fang Yuan groaned as he used the Sky Canopy Gu to endure this attack.


 He could forcefully grab this Gu, but he wisely chose to give up.


 The ability of this Gu was already exposed; it was able to use electric currents to attack enemies, so this was obviously an attack-type Gu, but Fang Yuan wanted a healing Gu instead.


 Fang Yuan gave up on it and approached another Gu worm.


 When he got close, he saw this Gu’s appearance, a body that seemed to be made of light blue glass, flying in the air with a semicircle shell that had turtle shell markings.


 Thunder Shield Gu!


 This was a defensive Gu, able to form a semicircle lightning shield.


 Fang Yuan gave up once again, looking around and finding his third target.


 But at this time, a white shadow came from the valley, holding an iceblade and shouting Fang Yuan’s name.


 Fang Yuan sighed, knowing that lady luck was not on his side. He could only take the best alternative, reaching and grabbing towards the Thunder Shield Gu right next to him.


 Thunder Shield Gu created a lightning shield, its eerie blue lightning sparking as it tried to resist Fang Yuan’s hand.


 Fang Yuan sneered, releasing the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. Suddenly the Thunder Shield Gu became tame like it died, dispersing its shield and falling towards the forest.


 Fang Yuan waved and grabbed it in his hand, releasing his primeval essence and instantly refining it.


 Stealth Scales Gu!


 Ripples formed all over his body as he vanished on the spot.


 "Fang Yuan!" Bai Ning Bing shouted, as his eyes shone with lightning.


 This is the Rank three Lightning Eye Gu, using the power of lightning to break through stealth.


 But it did not have see-through vision. Fang Yuan noticed this, and although he was stealthed, he could also use the forest to conceal himself. Bai Ning Bing’s gaze swept through the environment and angrily growled as he had no findings.


 Fang Yuan found a hidden spot, instantly sitting down and activating the tusita flower, making it spit out primeval stones.


 Although he was Rank three, his aperture only had 42% primeval essence storage, and though he had the upper hand during the previous battle, it could not be sustained. Right now, his aperture only had a thin layer of primeval essence left, being around 3%.


 Gu Masters needed primeval essence to activate Gu worms.


 Without primeval essence, Gu Masters’ battle strength would drop drastically. In fact in extreme situations, they were even worse than mortals.


 The primeval stones continued to shrink, the natural essence injecting into Fang Yuan’s body. The primeval sea in his aperture started to rise gradually.


 Back then, when he was Rank one or two and using the primeval stone to replenish his primeval essence, it was very noticeable. But now that he was Rank three, as the Gu Master’s primeval essence quality is greatly improved, more primeval stones are required and a longer time is needed to replenish it.


 Sounds of Gu Masters battling continued to be heard. After eight or nine minutes, Fang Yuan replenished the primeval essence in his aperture back to the limit.


 He came out of his hiding spot, discovering that five clan elders had died.


 Among them, three were from Gu Yue clan, two from Bai clan.


 Each clan elder was the clan’s asset. To think that so many were sacrificed this time.


 Gu Yue Bo and the Bai clan leader’s battle was very intense. They were feeling heartache from their respective losses, thus getting more aggressive in their attacks.


 Other than this, there were three fighting groups surrounding the wild Gu worms.


 Ordinary Gu Masters do not have the Spring Autumn Cicada’s help to capture wild Gu worms, thus it was troublesome.


 To catch the Gu worm, they cannot deal heavy blows. Instead, they need to gauge the strength they use.


 Eight to nine Gu worms had flown out of the thunder crown wolf. It was not certain how many Gu worms they had captured, but three still remained right now.


 The clan elders surrounded these three Gu worms, striking as they blocked the worms while facing obstruction from the other party. This caused the scene to be at a stalemate, neither sides able to gain anything.


 "Water Cage Gu, trap it!" A Bai clan Gu Master shouted, spitting out a water ball.


 The ball increased in size until it was over two metres, covering the Gu worm completely and trapping it inside.


 Bam!


 In the next moment, a golden moonblade flew towards the water ball cage and burst it open by force.


 The Gu worm flew away, escaping with its life.


 Seeing this Gu worm fly away, the Bai clan Gu Master cursed. To think that a Gu worm at his mercy got away just like that!


 The Gu Yue clan Gu Masters were even more furious. These Gu worms were originally their battle rewards, but now that the Bai clan interfered, they could not gain anything.


 "Bai clan scoundrels, shameless dogs, go to hell!"


 "Gu Yue clan, you guys are finished. Our Bai clan will definitely rise up and stomp you all to the grounds!"


 Both sides were furious, full of hatred and madness. They had battled till their eyes turned red, and only fighting remained in their minds.


 Fang Yuan saw the Gu worm fly away, thus he had no choice but to look at the other two groups. There was still a Gu worm at each of their encirclement. There might be a healing Gu worm, but it was unlikely.


 Fang Yuan knew that this world did not have things like ‘a wish coming true’, but even so he wanted to try.


 Just when he was about to rush up and attack, he heard a wolf’s howl like a military horn, spreading out in rhythm, rising and falling in succession.


 Soon after, tons of lightning wolves rushed down like tide water.


 There was no lack to the sound of bold lightning wolves and frenzy lightning wolves, but the one that made everyone’s expression change was the mountain-like giant wolf.


 Thunder crown wolf!


 "There’s a fourth thunder crown wolf?!" The clan elders shouted as they could not keep their calm anymore.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 I miscounted, so here’s another one. Now that I’ve caught up, the next one will come on time... (I usually publish on GMT+8 12.05AM) Anyway, mega cliffhangers everywhere!!



***
Chapter 168: Lightning lycan


***





 Chapter 168: Lightning lycan


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Wolf packs were on the move, rushing in like the tide.


 The situation turned for the worst, and the two clan leaders and their elders’ expressions changed.


 Although both clans managed to resist the wolf tide, it was through a dangerous battle and were pyrrhic victories. Now that there is a new strong wolf tide, they had no way left to resist it.


 At once, both clans subconsciously stopped battling.


 "The reports said there were three thunder crown wolves right?" A clan elder screamed in panic.


 "No, this thunder crown wolf has lots of injuries, and the size of the wolf pack isn’t very large either," Gu Yue Bo forced himself to remain calm and analysed.


 "Don’t tell me, this is the thunder crown wolf that attacked the Xiong village?" A clan elder slapped his forehead as he shouted.


 This was very possible, and most likely the truth.


 The clan elders were feeling solemn as one said, "The fact that they appeared here, doesn’t that mean the Xiong clan already..."


 "That goddamn Xiong village, how can they be so useless? Not even able to resist a wave of wolf tide!" someone scolded.


 But some were optimistic, "You see, this thunder crown wolf’s forelegs are injured, the muscles have all shrivelled!"


 They followed the voice and observed, regaining some lost morale.


 It was true.


 This thunder crown wolf’s hind legs were developed, but its forelegs were smaller, with shrunken muscles. This caused it to only use the back legs when running, jumping forward like a kangaroo.


 "Wait, this doesn’t seem like a thunder crown wolf..." Bai clan leader suddenly thought of something, shivering.


 "Lightning lycan!" Fang Yuan had an answer already.


 Five tigers one lamassu, three hounds one molossus, ten wolves one lycan.


 The lycan was also a type of wolf, but it was far smarter than a wolf by many times, and was usually the strategist of a wolf pack. The lightning lycan before them seemed like a thunder crown wolf in appearance, thus a recon Gu Master’s confusion is very common. But it was a true blue myriad beast king, and had intelligence no less than men!


 This lightning lycan, although inferior to an ordinary thunder crown wolf in terms of physical strength, had human intelligence and was far more dangerous than a thunder crown wolf. With a huge army of lightning wolves to command, it was no wonder that the Xiong clan was exterminated by them.


 "Go!" Fang Yuan spread his wings and flew into the sky.


 These elders here had undergone long battles, and their battle strength was greatly eroded. They could not deal with the wolf packs, and more crucially, their misgivings towards each other made it hard for the two sides to work together.


 Fang Yuan turned around and left; the myriad beast king was no joke. Even though there was still two wild Gu worms flying around, he couldn’t care less.


 He had to leave immediately, for any later and he might not have the chance!


 Knowing one’s limits and being able to let go and give up, this is the number one criteria to roam the world.


 "Retreat, the wolf tide is huge, we cannot do anything to it."


 "Get back to the village and plan our defenses!"


 Even though the clan elders have not realized the lightning lycan’s identity, they all had retreating thoughts.


 But at this time, the lightning lycan growled, opening its huge mouth.


 Its wolf fangs were sharp as a dagger, and in between, a black lump appeared out of nowhere, forming into a black ball in an instant.


 Pew!


 The black ball shot out, drawing a curved black trajectory in the air and smashing on the ground.


 "It missed?"


 "This thunder crown wolf is finished, its aiming sucks!"


 The clan elders shouted about, but Fang Yuan flew even faster.


 Bam!


 The black ball of mist exploded and under that intense impact, the black mist spread all over the place.


 The speed was faster than the eye could see. In a short moment, it covered over a hundred li (one li = 500m) of radius."This is the Rank four Wolf Smoke Gu!" Fang Yuan’s heart sank; he had made the most logical response at the first moment. But the black wolf smoke spread too fast, completely enveloping him.


 At once, he felt like he was standing in the middle of the night sky, seeing nothing but darkness. Everywhere was thick smoke, making breathing difficult, and was extremely uncomfortable.


 But thankfully he had the Thunderwings Gu, so as long as he flew up, he could get out of the wolf smoke’s range.


 Crack! 

 In the next moment, a lightning bolt struck, splitting the thick black smoke apart like a thunder snake or a raging dragon, travelling over a hundred li and assaulting Fang Yuan head on.


 The lightning lycan attacked.


 The lightning was so fast a person could barely react to it.


 But at this crucial moment, Fang Yuan’s battle instinct surpassed the speed of his thoughts, reacting in advance.


 Thunder Shield Gu!


 Sky Canopy Gu!


 A round lightning shield appeared in front of Fang Yuan, and on his body a white armor appeared as well.


 The raging lightning shone at an eye-piercing brightness like a heavenly dragon roaring, ramming onto the lightning shield.


 The shield lasted less than a second before it broke under the intense force of the lightning.


 The lightning landed on Fang Yuan. At that moment, even though he already shut his eyes, he still felt the light piercing through his pupils.


 A intense force assaulted him, causing him to fall.


 He was about to faint as the electric currents moved, paralyzing his muscles, almost causing him to forget to breathe!


 Plop, he landed on the ground.


 He finally only managed to regain consciousness after intense pain surged through him like waves.


 He endured the intense pain and numbness, and tried to get up.


 The Thunder Shield Gu was already dead, while the Thunderwings Gu was hit and barely held onto life; it was impossible to use anymore. The Sky Canopy Gu was injured heavily too, looking rather dispirited. After all, it was hit by such a strong electric current.


 The lightning lycan’s attack emitted a Rank four Gu worm’s full power.


 The more a Gu worm advances, the bigger the difference between realms.


 For the attack of a Rank four Gu worm, at least two Rank three Gu would be needed to defend against it. However, the Lightning Shield Gu died because the previous battle had already caused it to sustain much injuries.


 "To think that this lightning lycan thought so highly of me..." Fang Yuan laughed bitterly, observing the surroundings.


 His surroundings were dark, full of thick smoke; Fang Yuan was unable to tell directions.


 "Be careful, that thunder crown wolf became smaller, it is now as small as a normal lightning wolf and is hiding among the pack," A clan elder shouted at this time from the smoke.


 Fang Yuan heard it and his iris shrunk.


 This lightning lycan was too crafty, and very sinister. It probably wanted to eliminate all these Gu Masters, and when it attacked Fang Yuan, it showed that it did not want to let a single one of them off.


 The surroundings quickly shone with countless wolf eyes.


 The sounds of their growls and the sound of the wind from wolf packs running about were all heard by Fang Yuan.


 Under such a dark environment, the Gu Masters’ vision is greatly obstructed. But the wolf packs were unaffected, because they had given up on smell and gained excellent vision.


 "I have to get out of here quickly. Who knows if I will encounter that lightning lycan? Even if I do not meet it now, just being surrounded by the wolf packs when I only have 40% primeval essence, it is insufficient to sustain my expenditure!"


 Fang Yuan quickly considered in his heart, then he activated the Earth Communication Ear Grass.


 Over ten roots grew out from his ear and extended outside.


 Many voices were heard. There were wolf cries, battle noises, clan elders’ frantic growling and lightning wolves’ sad cries when dying.


 Too confusing!


 The Earth Communication Ear Grass’ range was huge, but it could not discern small details.


 Fang Yuan frowned, only listening to a direction with less noises.


 But quickly he encountered a pack of over one hundred wolves.


 Lightning wolves ran from the black smoke, each ferocious as ever.


 Fang Yuan summoned the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and activated the Sky Canopy Gu.


 The razors rotated violently and the centipede was like a large sword, cutting through the black smoke and landing on the wolf’s bodies, causing a rain of blood and bones.


 Fang Yuan attacked like a boat trying to row uphill, eliminating his obstacles.


 Numerous lightning wolves died under the Chainsaw Golden Centipede. But then the second, third... they continued to assault him.


 "This lightning lycan is too sinister and diabolic, actually making the lightning wolves surround us from the back." Fang Yuan had been moving in one direction, and after rushing for a while, he realized the truth at once after he kept encountering lightning wolves.


 He battled as he retreated. After a while, he was bathed in blood.


 The pressure was too large, the surroundings were covered in darkness; he was unable to see anything. Wolf packs rushed in from all directions, and it was difficult for him to deal with it alone.


 "Gu Yue Bo, what do you say?" At this time, the Bai clan leader said from within the dark smoke.


 "Alright, let’s work together and get out of this first!" Gu Yue Bo shouted, quickly replying.


 This was the forced circumstance of the situation — only through cooperation can they have a chance of survival.


 Otherwise, by fighting alone, they would soon expend all their primeval essence on the lightning wolves and be turned into food. That would surely be a bad ending.


 Howl!


 "Fuck!"


 In the next moment, with a wolf’s cry, an intense explosion was heard and the two clan leaders shouted, no longer able to organise the clan elders.


 Evidently, the lightning lycan came out and did a sneak attack.


 It had a man’s intelligence after all. Once it attacked, it was able to interfere with the two clan leader’s plan, and ruined the flow of the clan elders’ resistance.


 Without the two clan leaders to suppress the scene, how can the clan elders work sincerely together?


 This was a huge question.


 "I’m unable to go on. My primeval essence expenditure is too high, I need to borrow strength from others!" After killing for a while, Fang Yuan felt exhaustion.


 He had the strength of two boars, but now he felt extremely sore all over.


 His primeval essence was no longer enough. He had injuries all over him, but he was forced to stop using the Sky Canopy Gu.


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s body was dim, its razors already in bad shape. In a short period of time, it had killed up to a thousand wolves, and within that number, there were bold lightning wolves as well.


 A few of them were harder than steel, because they had a defensive Gu.


 The Chainsaw Golden Centipede was not invulnerable, and without razors, its attack strength would be greatly reduced, quickly becoming useless.


 Fang Yuan did not prolong any battles; he quickly moved as he fought.


 He relied on the Earth Communication Ear Grass to analyze the situation. Once he heard a frenzy lightning wolf’s footsteps, he would change directions and try to avoid them.


 The frenzy lightning wolf was a thousand beast king, he could not fight it alone. Once he was pulled into battle, he would fall into encirclement, and that would be a dead end.


 "I’m not satisfied!" From the thick smoke, a clan elder cried as his voice came to an end.


 From the black smoke, the wolf packs attacked, and many clan elders died by the wolf’s mouths, growling in helplessness and indignance.


 "I can’t hold on much longer either!" Fang Yuan felt the aura of death, but he was still calm; the more dangerous it is, the calmer his mind.


 His heart did not waver at all. In his previous life, he had been in worse situations.


 The situation right now was still not that bad. With the two clan leaders fighting the lightning lycan, Fang Yuan still had a chance.


 "Oh? Fighting sounds ahead." Fang Yuan heard the noise and changed his direction. He was at his limits, so no matter if it was the Gu Yue clan or the Bai clan Gu Masters, they were useful to him either way.


 "Kill! Kill! Kill!" Far away, he heard this Gu Master screaming, battling relentlessly.


 Fang Yuan sprinted over, and suddenly came to a stop.


 Bai Ning Bing!


 Notes: 狡电狈 - Lightning Lycan, well to be honest it directly translates to ‘Cunning electric 狈’. Since there’s no english word for 狈, Lycan is used. 狈 is actually a legendary wolf in China that may or may not exist; it’s said to have two very short paws in front so it rides on a normal wolf’s back instead. (Or something like that...)


 彪 - Legendary/mythical tiger that does not have an equivalent English word. So I just subbed it with lamassu.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Sorry for the delay again, I finally made it!! Hahaha... I’m going to die.



***
Chapter 169: Finding a path


***





 Chapter 169: Finding a path


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Bai Ning Bing’s body was laden with injuries. He was breathing raggedly and looked like a mess.


 When Fang Yuan got there, both were stunned.


 Fate was indeed, a mysterious thing. Just not long ago, they were still mortal enemies, wanting to kill each other. But in this moment, they had to work together for the chance to survive.


 Working together with Bai Ning Bing?


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone like the abyss, evaluating, "Although Bai Ning Bing is batshit crazy, along with the fact that he also recognised his own fate, that does not mean he gave up on living."


 A will to live was a person’s natural instinct, the most basic requirement of all.


 The truth is, because of Bai Ning Bing’s intense will to live and because he was facing an unavoidable path of destruction, he developed such a personality.


 In this world, there are no eternal enemies. Working together with Bai Ning Bing was the best solution. But how can he ask it in a way that can convince him?


 "Hehehe, Fang Yuan, to think it’s actually you!" Bai Ning Bing spoke first, laughing loudly, his tone becoming aggressive, "Then die together with me. With you dying alongside me, it shall be an interesting end to my life."


 "Interesting?" Fang Yuan had a thought. Smiling lightly, he approached Bai Ning Bing.


 The surrounding lightning wolves attacked, but Fang Yuan shrugged his hand, the chainsaw centipede swinging and killing three lightning wolves on the spot, sending them flying.


 Up till now, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s two rows of razors were already greatly damaged. Its cutting strength was greatly diminished. It could only be used as a blunt object.


 "Under the pressure of these wolves, let’s have an intense life and death battle, isn’t that more fun?" Fang Yuan got closer to Bai Ning Bing, his mouth curling into a cruel smile.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyelids trembled, he did not expect Fang Yuan to be a greater maniac than him.


 But this was in tandem with his wish. If Fang Yuan’s attitude had gone softer, and in order to survive Fang Yuan wanted to work together and escape, he would instead look down on Fang Yuan, even feeling humiliated and wanting to kill Fang Yuan himself.


 In this world, some people are like this. If you be kind to them, they will feel that you are easy to bully, and look down on you. By having a strong attitude towards them, you can gain respect instead.


 "You really want to die? Then I’ll grant your wish!" Bai Ning Bing squinted his eyes, emitting a dangerous aura.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his steps slow as he spoke in a old and experienced tone, "Humans only live for a hundred years, it is as unreal as a dream that ends in an instant. What is the point of a person living in this world? No more than just being on a journey, and witnessing interesting things. Although I do not want to die, I do not fear death. I am already on my right path, I have no regrets even if I die."


 This was Fang Yuan’s true feelings.


 Since the start of time itself, who could live forever?


 Even if it was a Rank nine Gu Master. Or even Ren Zu himself who could only live longer, but not forever. They eventually face destruction.


 So be it if one dies, what’s the big deal? Even if in the next moment, Fang Yuan dies in this wolf tide, he would have no regrets.


 Because he had already worked hard for his goals. He had given it his all, and lived all according to his will!


 Being able to look beyond life and death. Only then can one live unrestrained, only then can life have true freedom.


 Bai Ning Bing heard this, and his entire body shuddered.


 He kept saying he was not afraid to die, but he was still never free and at ease. Because he could not see beyond death, and was unable to let go of this life.


 When a person fears, he becomes a slave.


 Bai Ning Bing himself was just a slave to life and death.


 However, this was not his fault, since he was still way too young. Many things needed to be experienced by themselves; only then can one gain enlightenment.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s words gave him a new path, to go beyond the truth that he is struggling with.


 "Witnessing interesting things... already on your path... no regrets even if you die?" Bai Ning Bing muttered, then suddenly asked, "Path, what’s a path?"


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, getting closer, "Everyone has their own paths, I don’t have to tell you mine, and how would I know yours?"


 In this world, many people do not have a path through their entire lifetime, while some walked on their path constantly struggling, trying to find the sanctuary within the darkness.


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes suddenly shone with a blinding light.


 "Path... that’s right, I must find my path!"


 In this moment, the excitement in his heart was impossible to be understood by others.


 He was like a man, bitterly searching for a girl but to no avail, yet one day he finds the correct method. Or like a treasure hunter, blocked at the last puzzle for a long time, but one day he finds the method to solve the puzzle. Or like a difficult question, thinking for years without an answer, but suddenly finding the method to solve it.


 Bai Ning Bing had no path and couldn’t find the meaning of his life, thus he felt lost.


 Fang Yuan cannot solve his feeling of being lost, but from the sidelines he can give him hope. Giving him a consolation to face death — as long as you are on your path, even if you die there are no regrets. Thus, death is no longer so scary.


 "I feel that I am about to find my own path!" Bai Ning Bing clenched his fists, his expression becoming extremely excited.


 He looked towards Fang Yuan, saying meaningfully, "I finally understand our difference. You are on your own path, but I am still trying to find mine."


 "Hehehe!" He suddenly laughed, his expression turning crazy, "Fang Yuan, if you want to fight, I’m all for it. But not now! Let’s work together. I have the Lightning Eye Gu, but my vision is obstructed, only able to see thirty steps ahead. Once we escape from here, let’s have a battle another day. Being able to work together with my mortal enemy, don’t you find that more interesting, more fun?"


 "Oh, how can I believe you?"


 "I’m not asking for you to believe me. You can choose to trust me, or not. You can entrust your back to me, or you can strike at any time, and sneak an attack on me. Hehe, it all depends on your mood!" Bai Ning Bing shrugged as he smiled, showing an inborn nonchalance.


 The thick smoke was all over, and their surroundings were lit with wolf cries.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he considered Bai Ning Bing’s suggestion.


 Convincing a person is very difficult, yet very simple. The important thing is accurately understanding their thoughts.


 "Alright." Fang Yuan stretched out his hand and caressed the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s armor, raising his head, "But be on guard for my sneak attack anytime!"


 "Hehehe." Bai Ning Bing’s mouth curled, smiling very deviously. A wave of air blew as the black smoke dispersed, and the broken arm’s sleeve swayed in the wind.


 In the thick smoke, to decide the direction, it was difficult. The more narrow their vision, the more easy it is to get lost.


 Bai Ning Bing had the Lightning Eye Gu and could see up to fifty steps ahead. But now, it was restricted by the thick smoke, so he could see less than thirty steps ahead. However, this was already much better than Fang Yuan’s normal vision.


 While Bai Ning Bing had the Lightning Eye Gu, he could not see the entire topography, and had no clear understanding of the situation.


 He could only see what was ahead of him, and at times he even ran into a wolf pack and got surrounded by them.


 Fang Yuan on the other hand, had the Earth Communication Ear Grass.


 The smoke reduced vision, but could not block sound from being transmitted.


 The surroundings were noisy, and the Earth Communication Ear Grass could hear up to two hundred steps away, but Fang Yuan could only move according to the noise. His vision was too narrow, only able to see a tree or a rock right in front of him. Without anything to compare to, he could not discern his direction.


 Cooperation!


 Bai Ning Bing’s Lightning Eye Gu, together with Fang Yuan’s Earth Communication Ear Grass.


 The two Gu together, complementing each other, caused the situation to be easier.


 "This is the southern side. Going this direction, we’ll get to the Gu Yue village." Bai Ning Bing’s eyes glowed with lightning as he said.


 "No, there’s too many wolf packs there, we have to take a roundabout route." Fang Yuan’s right ears had roots flying around.


 "Hehe... then we’ll go around the southeast direction, how about that?" Bai Ning Bing licked his lips.


 Fang Yuan squatted down, extending the roots into the soil and listening attentively.


 During that period, the lightning wolves that rushed up were all killed by Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan listened for a while, before standing up, "There’s an opening in the southeast direction, but we have to hurry, the opening is going to be filled!"


 "Let’s charge then." Bai Ning Bing said, but did not move immediately.


 He still had some guard against Fang Yuan. He did not dare to attack ahead and reveal his back to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly; he was also full of qualms towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Eventually, the two killed their way through shoulder to shoulder, with a distance of five steps between them.


 The lightning wolves howled, attempting to kill them.


 But relying on the Lightning Eye Gu and Earth Communication Ear Grass, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could avoid strong enemies and continue to roam, finding an opportunity to break through.


 The advantage of having information was unveiled here.


 Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan, if alone, they would be trapped by numerous wolves. But now that they worked together, they could control the initiative and started to have an easy time.


 After charging for a while, the path ahead of them was suddenly clear, and the bright sunlight caused both of them to squint.


 "We’re out!" Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly.


 Fang Yuan looked back, only to see a thick black veil behind him, as if a black pot had covered the entire mountain.


 The intense smoke continue to emit sounds of explosions and screams. Evidently the two clan leaders were still fighting the lightning lycan.


 "To think that working with you is actually quite pleasant." Bai Ning Bing turned his body, smiling lightly.


 "I feel the same way too," Fang Yuan also smiled lightly.


 But in the very next moment, both of their eyes shone sharply.


 Iceblade Gu!


 Chainsaw Golden Centipede!


 The long iceblade cut through the air with a cold light.


 The thick golden centipede attacked head on and carried the howling of the wind.


 Bam.


 Both sides collided. The iceblade cut a wound on the golden centipede’s body, but broke right after.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing both took a step back, both of their eyes emitting intense killing intent.


 Their temporary cooperation could not change their enemy status.


 Fang Yuan’s black hair danced in the wind, while Bai Ning Bing’s white shirt swayed; both had too much in common. Precisely why they became natural enemies.


 Black iris against blue orbs, almost creating sparks in the air.


 Both of their killing intent slowly dispersed.


 "Hmph, this is but a dying man. Even without me interfering, heaven will take his life. What’s most important now isn’t Bai Ning Bing but the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! Once the lightning lycan attacks Gu Yue village, its most likely game over. I have to strike before that, while I have the chance..." Fang Yuan analyzed, his eyes narrowing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes became even brighter, muttering, "Path... no regrets... that’s right, even Ren Zu has to die. Humans live and die. So as long as I can live an interesting life, what harm is there even if I die?"


 Thinking so, his eyes glowed with an intense brilliance.


 "Hahaha. I’ve finally found my path, and that is to witness this world’s brilliance! Fang Yuan, we will battle another day. I hope that by then, your death can bring some light into my life!"


 Saying so, he leapt backwards continuously. After pulling apart some distance, he turned around, leaving.


 Although he was in a mess, his body full of injuries and his face covered in soot, with only one arm left, but his back was straight like a sword; he was no longer lost.


 He had found his path.


 In other words, he had truly become himself!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Still alive and holding on! Also a non-cliffhanging chapter, so gather your spirits for this short break. Next chapter, we shall ride on again! And thank you so much for all the Patreon supporters so far! :D



***
Chapter 170: Can the blood of Incorruptible Justice be cold?


***





 Chapter 170: Can the blood of Incorruptible Justice be cold?


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Fang Yuan watched Bai Ning Bing’s figure walk until he was far away.


 "Witness this world’s brilliance...." His two black pupils flashed with an imposing light. The Bai Ning Bing who was no longer bewildered was more dangerous than before.


 Life and death no longer bothered him, and the closer he was to death, the more he would display the incomparable grace of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.


 "However, wanting to fight me later, heh." Fang Yuan suddenly chuckled, "You are bound to be disappointed..."


 The instant he came out of that thick smoke, Fang Yuan had decided to leave Qing Mao Mountain.


 It would be interesting to fight with Bai Ning Bing, but it was of no benefits to him.


 Bai Ning Bing had set the definition of brilliance on Fang Yuan, and that was because he was young and his view of the world was limited to Qing Mao Mountain.


 Fang Yuan, however, was different.


 In his grand plan since his rebirth, Qing Mao Mountain was only a starting point.


 As long as the heart possessed great ambitions, one was bound to be broad minded, not being constrained by small details with others.


 "It’s time to leave, the lightning lycan is more cunning and more difficult to handle than the thunder crown wolf. Just with Bai clan or Gu Yue clan’s current strength, it will be difficult to withstand its attacks. Unless a Rank five expert appears and turns the tide, or maybe if the two clans ally."


 Bai Clan and Gu Yue Clan had deep grudges against each other; they would ally if the situation came to that point, but the alliance wouldn’t be sincere.


 Fang Yuan wasn’t optimistic about this prospect.


 "Qing Mao Mountain’s state will be determined by this battle. If the two clan leaders are both killed by the lightning lycan, Qing Mao Mountain will become the lightning wolves’ territory. If one clan leader survives, then with the alliance, the other clan will only become cannon fodder. If the lightning lycan is killed, the two clans will definitely have to rehabilitate due to the severe casualties. The clan will tidy up its internal affairs and I will be investigated."


 Fang Yuan could clearly see the changes that could occur through this.


 This is the world of Gu, and in here an individual’s strength can rule over the group. Thus, the higher the cultivation of a Gu Master, the more power he has to turn the tide.


 No matter the Bai Clan or Gu Yue Clan or the lightning wolf packs, as long as another Rank four expert appears among any of them, the outcome would be a foregone conclusion.


 However, no matter the situation, they were all disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.


 "It is time to leave. Although I still lack the ideal healing Gu, how can one have everything he wishes for? After returning to the village, I will take the Heavenly Essence Lotus and then take out a healing Gu from the clan storage before leaving immediately!"


 Fang Yuan gave one last look behind him; the sound of intense explosions were still coming from the black smoke.


 He turned around and left, rushing towards the Gu Yue village.


 With his status as an elder, he could forcefully open the clan storage and take out primeval stones as well as Gu worms.


 There was unrest all around, people were frightened; it was the best time to take advantage of the situation.


 If this chance was let go, no matter what the battle outcome is, the general situation would be set, making it difficult to take advantage.


 Thunderwings Gu couldn’t be used for the moment, so Fang Yuan could only run quickly through the forest.


 The wolf tide had ravaged everything in its path, making the once dangerous pathways peaceful and safe.


 Soon, Fang Yuan was able to see the Gu Yue village in the horizon.


 "Hmm? Who are you!" Fang Yuan swiftly stopped; two strangers had appeared in front of him.


 These two were both wearing Gu Master’s clothings. One was an elderly man. He was tall and his back was ramrod straight, giving a sense of being as steady as a mountain and as profound as a deep pool. The most eye-catching part was the copper mask that he was wearing on his face.


 The mask was of a plain design and gave an antique feeling. There were three openings on it, revealing the wearer’s eyes and mouth.


 His eyes showed the vicissitudes of life and revealed a grand and righteous aura. His lips were pursed up, the contour in between as sharp as a blade, hinting at this man’s firm willpower.


 The mask didn’t cover his ears, exposing his greying temple hairs and revealing that this man should be of an older age.


 The one next to the man was a youth with eyebrows that were as upright as a sword, and eyes that were bright and shining, periodically sending out sharp glances that looked like an eagle or a tiger’s.


 Looking at this appearance, the youth’s age should be similar to Fang Yuan. However, this person’s belt had a silver plate on it, carved with the character ‘three’.


 So young and already a Rank three Gu Master, this showed amazing talent in cultivation!


 This was a young genius!


 However, Fang Yuan’s gaze only paused a moment on this youth, before turning towards the senior.


 This youth had a slight dark complexion with similarly pursing lips, the entire body releasing a sharp and professional aura, definitely not someone to be underestimated.


 But the slightly bulging chest area along with the structure of the limbs and throat allowed Fang Yuan to instantly see through her identity as a girl.


 Fang Yuan would never look down on women, but compared to this heroic girl, the identity of the middle-aged man beside her would shock anyone.


 "Tie Xue Leng....." Fang Yuan’s mind jolted, he inwardly recalled the identity of this middle-aged man.


 The man was wearing a copper mask, and the square amethyst plate on his belt was carved with the character —‘five’.


 He was the Rank five Gu Master, enforcer of the law, a great detective, the number one investigator of the Southern Border: Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng!


 He was impartial and merciless in upholding justice. Many demonic path cultivators had been arrested by him and many vile characters beheaded. He was the model example of the righteous path, and had made a very high reputation for himself by solving countless cases as he travelled throughout the Southern Border.


 "Little brother, please wait." Tie Xue Leng cupped his hands to Fang Yuan.


 He had already made a name for himself for a long time and was also a Rank five Gu Master, but his attitude was polite and amiable.


 "Seeing little brother’s state of injuries and hurried appearance, did your esteemed clan leader and elders encounter trouble?" He asked.


 Fang Yuan automatically changed his expression to that of anxiety and astonishment, while mixed within them were doubts and fear. "Who are you guys? How do you know this? Right, we were chasing after a thunder crown wolf but we ran into trouble by encountering a lightning lycan. I am hurrying back to request reinforcements."


 "I am Tie Xue Leng, I am an ally, not your enemy. I just came from Gu Yue village. Little brother, you don’t need to return for reinforcements, the beast tide concerns all humans and we need to join hands to face it. This Tie shall contribute all he can." Tie Xue Leng immediately took this task upon himself.


 ......


 "Damn it, to think that I, Gu Yue Bo, will die here today!"


 "Hmph, even if we die, we can’t let this lightning lycan get off so easily."


 Gu Yue clan leader and Bai clan leader were full of injuries and had almost exhausted their primeval essence. Right now, they could sense the grim aura of death.


 The thick smoke had already dispersed. All the elders had died, and only these two clan leaders were left.


 The lightning lycan also didn’t fare well. Its body had some deep wounds from which one could see its bones. It barred its teeth and retreated to the back of the lightning wolf packs, its eyes flashing with a sly look as it retreated from fighting in the frontlines.


 "Come, you coward!" The Bai clan leader furiously roared.


 However, the lightning lycan kept on retreating backwards and then let out a howl, commanding the ordinary lightning wolves to charge towards these two Rank four Gu Masters.


 "Cunning bastard..." Gu Yue Bo and Bai clan leader looked at each other, and sighed.


 They had prepared to make a strong counterattack before dying, but the lightning lycan had a wisdom that didn’t lose out to humans and wasn’t fooled.


 "My life is over...."


 "Damn this, we are going to die in these ordinary lightning wolves’ mouths!"


 Just when these two clan leaders were becoming extremely distraught, a voice suddenly arrived from a distance, "Two leaders, hang in there for a moment!"


 The voice echoed through the mountain forests. The two clan leaders’ bodies jolted and they immediately turned to look, noticing a tall figure rushing towards them.


 The figure repeatedly flashed, freely moving through the wolf packs. After a few moments, the figure stood beside the two clan leaders.


 "You are?" The two clan leaders asked at the same time.


 "My name is Tie Xue Leng."


 Gasp...


 The Bai clan leader drew in a long breath in shock. He was surprised, joyous and also puzzled; why was Tie Xue Leng here?


 Gu Yue Bo, on the other hand, was aware of the reason as he joyfully said, "So it is Divine Investigator Tie!"


 Just as he said this, the wolf packs charged in.


 "A bunch of foul creatures!" Tie Xue Leng’s tongue seemed to burst with thunder, and with a low shout he willed a Gu in his aperture.


 BOOM!


 A formless aura suddenly erupted, radiating and engulfing everything.


 This aura was like a mountain, indomitable and unshakeable. It was like the heaven itself as it overlooked the world and saw through everything.


 Righteous Gu!


 Only a Gu Master who had a righteous heart could use it.


 The righteous aura could weaken vile creatures; within its range, the lower the willpower of his enemies, the more the weakening effect.


 Tie Xue Leng had once used this Gu to make a Rank four Gu Master lose his fighting strength and surrender completely. This was the supreme art of subduing enemy without fighting.


 Howl howl...


 The lightning wolves’ momentum stopped. Their limbs were trembling under the pressure of this aura, and they didn’t dare to move forward.


 Houuu!


 The lightning lycan gave out a battle cry from the back, trying to command these lightning wolf packs.


 "Such nerve!" Tie Xue Leng glared and suddenly stretched out his right hand, making a grabbing motion towards the lightning lycan.


 Rumble....


 Ripples spread in the sky, and an enormous black iron hand tore the sky apart and grabbed towards the lightning lycan.


 Rank five Ironfist Grappling Gu!


 The lightning lycan was cunning, but it lacked bravery. In addition to that, its body was riddled with wounds so it didn’t dare to resist this move head-on, and instead quickly dodged.


 However, this black iron hand had firmly locked onto the lightning lycan, and it kept on chasing.


 The lightning lycan wasn’t able to escape from it. Its vicious personality was stimulated; it gave a loud roar and fiercely collided against the black iron hand.


 The enormous hand shattered but the lightning lycan received serious injuries. Almost all its bones were on the verge of shattering.


 It let out miserable whimpers but didn’t dare to fight Tie Xue Leng again. Finally, it resentfully looked at Tie Xue Leng and the two clan leaders, before it tucked its tails and ran away.


 "It is about to escape!"


 "Quick, stop it!!"


 The two clan leaders shouted, but Tie Xue Leng stood on the spot and didn’t move.


 "Divine Investigator, please finish it," Gu Yue Bo cupped his hands and implored.


 Tie Xue Leng slightly shook his head.


 At this time, Fang Yuan and the young girl finally arrived. They had seen how the lightning lycan had been forced away by the iron hand.


 "Dad! Why did you do that? You are injured!" The young girl quickly approached Tie Xue Leng and stamped her feet in anger; her reproaching tone was full of concern.


 "Ruo Nan, this lightning lycan is very cunning. Chasing it away by force is the best way to deal with it." Tie Xue Leng spoke, when suddenly his body slightly trembled.


 Puff! He spurted out blood from his mouth.


 There was a strange, gloomy greenish color in his blood, and as the blood fell on the ground, it immediately corroded a patch of green grass, letting out an unpleasant smoke.


 Clearly, he had suffered serious injuries.


 "Dad, are you okay?!" The young girl, Tie Ruo Nan quickly lifted her hands and tried healing Tie Xue Leng.


 "No need to make a fuss about it, you know of my injuries, I will feel a lot better after letting out some blood," Tie Xue Leng laughed and waved his hands, refusing the treatment.


 Seeing this scene, the two clan leaders who had been feeling resentment just before, immediately felt embarrassed.


 "Divine Investigator is selfless, you helped us even though you are suffering from serious injuries. We will deeply remember this favor."


 "I have heard of Tie Xue Leng’s great name, and today I can see that it is fully justified and worthy of admiration! We thank Divine Investigator for saving us!"


 The two clan leaders cupped their hands one after another and expressed their thanks.


 "Lord Divine Investigator, please honor my Bai village with your presence. This gratitude of saving my life, I will do my best to repay!" The Bai clan leader said.


 How could Gu Yue Bo just watch as the Bai village tried to bring Tie Xue Leng away.


 He knew why Tie Xue Leng was here, and gave a proud smile, "I know that Lord Divine Investigator is here due to Jia Fu’s request and has come to investigate that murder case. Our Gu Yue clan will do our best to cooperate!"


 Bai clan leader’s expression changed when he heard this.


 Tie Xue Leng said, "It is so. However, the one in charge of this investigation won’t be me, but my daughter Tie Ruo Nan."


 "Eh?" Immediately, everyone present turned to look at the young girl.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Want spoilers? Want to relieve yourself of boredom or whatever? Join Gu Discord at https://discord.gg/nWU3qMK today! | Thank you for the well wishes. As long as I’m not too sick, I’ll churn chapters out for you all, don’t worry T w T



***
Chapter 171: Inbred demonic nature


***





 Chapter 171: Inbred demonic nature


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "What, father, you want me to solve the case?" The girl pointed to herself, her face in utter shock.


 "Why, are you unwilling?" Tie Xue Leng smiled gently.


 "No, no, of course I’m willing!" Tie Ruo Nan finally reacted, jumping in joy.


 Tie Xue Leng nodded, sighing in a complex tone, "You aspire to walk the same path as me. These few years where you were by my side, you have been greatly influenced by me and learnt much. An eagle can only learn to fly by itself, only then can it truly grow up. Your father is old already, my injuries cannot be cured. I cannot continue being with you as you live your life, and as the newer generations replace the old, what happens next is up to you."


 "Father... don’t give up yet, isn’t there still hope for treatment?" The young girl’s voice trembled as she choked back tears.


 "You and I both know that the chances are infinitely slim. People have to learn to face facts, Ruo Nan," Tie Xue Leng laughed, then turned towards Gu Yue Bo, "Don’t worry Gu Yue clan leader, this daughter of mine has learnt at least 80% of my abilities. With my guidance along the way, she will not let your clan suffer any injustice."


 "Of course, of course." Gu Yue Bo quickly cupped his fist, "Young heroines are on par with males; such an elegant disposition and the child of a hero, there is no reason for me to worry. Please come to the village and let us feast upon your arrival."


 ......


 The dishes filled the entire table, with the fragrance overwhelming the surroundings. Clear wine was poured out from the wine jar in a straight line into Tie Xue Leng’s cup.


 The wolf tide was just over, and Gu Yue village was in its toughest period. Large amounts of resources had been expended, causing a food shortage and lack of commodities. Many mortals would starve to death.


 But even so, to welcome Tie Xue Leng, Gu Yue clan still assembled this banquet.


 As the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo sat at the clan head’s seat, while Tie Xue Leng and Tie Ruo Nan were beside him.


 Other than that, Gu Yue Chi Zhong, Gu Yue Ge Yan, Gu Yue Mo Chen, Gu Yue Yao Ji, as well as Fang Yuan and the others, all being elders, were present.


 Before the wolf tide, Gu Yue clan had over a dozen clan elders. But now, only one table remained, and there were less than ten elders.


 Moreover, the clan elders present were all injured to varying degrees.


 Especially in the case of Gu Yue Mo Chen — two weeks ago when he resisted the wolf tide, he was heavily injured and had been hiding in his private room to recuperate. He was resting in bed, but when he heard about the arrival of Tie Xue Leng, he forced his body up and attended this banquet.


 But this also let him escape the crisis, while his old rival Gu Yue Chi Lian had followed the clan leader in assaulting the thunder crown wolf and was killed by the lightning lycan.


 "If not for Brother Tie’s help today, I might’ve become the lightning lycan’s lunch already. For saving my life, I toast Brother Tie this cup!" Gu Yue Bo stood up, holding the cup with both hands and bending his back, sincerely offering his gratitude.


 "I was only doing what I could." Tie Xue Leng raised his cup, drinking the wine in one go.


 He had a vigilant and strict lifestyle, refusing to gamble or find prostitutes, standing by his morals and never went greedy on drinking. He had thus, never been drunk.


 After drinking this cup, Gu Yue Bo looked at the people in the banquet, his eyes turning red, sighing and sitting down.


 Tie Xue Leng had seen such situations many times, and he consoled, "Gu Yue clan leader, my condolences. As long as your clansmen still exist, the village will definitely thrive again one day. That lightning lycan was heavily injured as well, and the lightning wolves have greatly been damaged, they will not attack for the next few years. This wolf tide has been safely endured."


 The wolf tide’s harshest period is indeed over. For the next few months, although lightning wolves will still appear, their quantity will continue to decrease, and no large groups will be formed. The wolf packs no longer have the ability to directly charge at the village.


 The lightning lycan will return to the wolf den and recuperate there, while slowly organising the remaining wolves. Many wolves will be recalled, and many lightning wolves would die, causing the wolf pack’s need for food to decrease drastically.


 The wolf packs would become self-sufficient, and in the next few years, they would gradually get stronger, during which new hundred beast kings - bold lightning wolves, thousand beast kings - frenzy lightning wolves, and myriad beast kings - thunder crown wolves would appear.


 At its peak, it begins to weaken, and at its weakest, it begins to prosper.


 Regardless of humans or wolves, they follow such a law.


 But although Tie Xue Leng’s words were right, humans are not grass or trees, they have feelings. The Gu Yue clan leader understood this fact much better than Tie Xue Leng, but the misery and pain in his heart was unavoidable.


 The sacrifice was too big......


 Just the higher-up clan elders were already gone by at least half. As for the Rank two and Rank one Gu Masters, they had an even larger amount of casualties. The entire Gu Yue village’s strength had fallen to rock bottom, and could no longer endure any more disasters.


 "Why is it that you guys do not counter attack, and go wreck their den?" On one side, Tie Ruo Nan could not understand and asked in confusion.


 "That is because inside the wolf den, there are over dozens of groups of thunder gas worms, amounting to over a million of them in total. There are also large numbers of wild Gu mixed in. It is hard to cause any damage to them, unless all three clans work together," Gu Yue Yao Ji explained.


 Saying so, she suddenly snorted, staring at Fang Yuan, "But this possibility is too small. Even within our clan, there are clan elders shrinking in fear, and during the wolf tide’s attack, god knows where they were hiding!"


 Saying so, all the other clan elders turned their vision towards Fang Yuan.


 Previously, Fang Yuan was inside the rock crack secret cave exploring the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, causing him to miss the huge battle in resisting the wolf tide. In everyone’s eyes, this was being crafty and evasive, as well as being timid and fearing death.


 Thus, the clan elders’ expression towards Fang Yuan were all full of unhappiness, disdain, and some hidden anger.


 Even Gu Yue Bo’s expression was looking ugly.


 As the clan leader, he was most revolted by people like Fang Yuan, doing things according to their own will, mysterious and having their own little schemes. He could not feel safe with such a person around.


 The atmosphere at the banquet immediately transformed.


 The Tie father and daughter also felt this change, following everyone’s gaze and looking towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s young appearance had attracted the attention of Tie Ruo Nan who was the same age as him.


 Fang Yuan drank his wine calmly. Even though everyone’s gaze was on him, he acted as if he felt nothing.


 His expression was calm, as he already had anticipated such a situation of people finding problems with him.


 "Things are getting troublesome," he sighed in his heart. Although worried, he was not frightened.


 Tie Xue Leng’s appearance had heavily destroyed his plans to leave. If he took the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and destroyed the foundation of the Gu Yue village, this would cause the Tie father and daughter to arrest him.


 The name of divine investigator is not just a myth. With his abilities and strength, as long as Tie Xue Leng commences his chase, there is no possibility of failing.


 Even if he does not take the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, his mysterious disappearance would cause the clan to investigate. As it involves Jia Jin Sheng’s death, even the Tie father and daughter would get involved.


 If he left without notice, in their eyes it would be a thief trying to escape, running from his crimes.


 With no choice, Fang Yuan could only choose to stay and observe the situation.


 Although everyone reprimanded him, the situation now was still not at its worst. If he left right now, that would be a panicky move, and it would cause the entire situation to worsen.


 "Is the wine nice?" Gu Yue Yao Ji laughed sinisterly, staring at Fang Yuan, "Aren’t you going to explain?"


 Fang Yuan slowly put down his cup, raising his head and looking at Gu Yue Yao Ji’s broken arm.


 The old are the most cunning, this is extremely true.


 To preserve her life, Gu Yue Yao Ji broke her own arm, and under the name of being injured, she avoided the clan mission of entering the battlefield.


 This happened in Fang Yuan’s previous life as well, but to think she did the same thing once again.


 Her act of sacrificing one limb to save her life, was indeed effective. It prevented her from getting killed by the thunder crown wolf and not participating in the chase, thus keeping herself alive. However, right now she was finding problems with Fang Yuan — one aspect was due to old grudges, but mostly was because she wanted to bring the attention to Fang Yuan and reduce people’s attention on herself.


 "What do you want me to explain? Explain how you broke your own limb just to preserve your miserable life?" Fang Yuan sneered.


 "WHAT?!" Gu Yue Yao Ji was shocked and enraged, standing up from her seat.


 She stared with both eyes wide open, pointing at Fang Yuan’s nose, shrilling, "You little rascal! How dare you accuse me like this, this is blatant defamation, slander!! How can you be so shameless? How can our Gu Yue clan have such a joke like you?"


 "Gu Yue Yao Ji!" Gu Yue Bo’s expression changed, shouting, "Sit down at once, we have an important guest here, how can you scream and shout freely like this?"


 Gu Yue Yao Ji wanted to continue scolding, but on seeing Gu Yue Bo’s dim expression, she could only swallow the words she was about to spit out.


 She stared angrily at Fang Yuan, sitting down reluctantly.


 Gu Yue Bo settled Yao Ji’s problem, then turned to look at Fang Yuan, "Elder Fang Yuan, I need an explanation. During the attack of the wolf tide, where were you?"


 "Fang Yuan... he’s Fang Yuan?" Tie Xue Leng’s eyes shone with surprise. In Jia Jin Sheng’s mysterious disappearance, Fang Yuan had played an important role. Before coming here, Tie Xue Leng had already gotten much intel from Jia Fu. But to think that this young elder was Fang Yuan himself. At once, Tie Xue Leng’s heart became interested.


 He had solved numerous cases and could see the peculiarity from all the traces of evidence, to guess the actual fact. From everyone’s expression, he could tell the truth behind Fang Yuan’s sudden evasion from battle.


 But the truth that everyone knew was only scratching the surface, what is the utter reality?


 Regardless of what the truth is, Fang Yuan’s answer would reveal a fragment of his inner thought. That would be very helpful in solving the case later.


 Sensing Tie Xue Leng’s attention on him, Fang Yuan’s heart tightened, but his expression remained the same.


 He looked at everyone plainly, and a mocking smile appeared on his face, "There’s not much to explain. Since clan elder asked, I’ll just say it out. I was extremely frightened back then. The stressed accumulated during this extensive period, as well as my fear of death that had reached its limits. I could not endure it, I was cowardly and weak, I hid in a corner and no longer dared to enter the frontlines."


 Once he said so, everyone was dumbfounded.


 They had expected Fang Yuan to use all sorts of excuses and reasons, and were prepared to expose his lies and criticize Fang Yuan. But to think he admitted it directly!


 "Any kind of lie, as long as it is not true, will have loopholes. Furthermore, Tie Xue Leng is here..." Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, looking down and staring at the wine in his cup.


 Tie Xue Leng’s expression turned weird. He subconsciously frowned, and a sense of loathing and antipathy rose in his heart.


 "This young man, he has an inbred demonic nature!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Don’t worry guys, for those who can’t wait for him to leave the village, it’s not that far off.



***
Chapter 172: No one more suited than Fang Yuan!


***





 Chapter 172: No one more suited than Fang Yuan!


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 At the banquet, it was utter silence.


 Everyone was stunned, staring at Fang Yuan blankly.


 They had not expected him to reply like this, directly admitting it so honestly.


 "He’s too young after all, actually saying such words."


 "Hmph, once he said that, it means his entire political career is ruined."


 "From now on, this Fang Yuan is no threat anymore..."


 The clan elders furiously assessed.


 At this point into the wolf tide, the outcome had already been decided. In the next few months, there will only be small wolf packs moving about. As the lightning lycan continues to call them back, as well the the Gu Masters killing them, the lightning wolves would basically vanish completely by the end of the year.


 But conflicts never end.


 At places with people, there are interests. And where there are interests involved, there are conflicts.


 During the wolf tide, it is the struggle between man and wolf. But now that the toughest part of the wolf tide is over, the clan’s internal struggles surface above the water, turning into internal strifes.


 The wolf tide assaulting the village caused many Gu Masters to die. Some factions were destroyed, and the interests they once held, naturally has to be distributed.


 Among the Gu Yue clan higher-ups, there were originally many clan elders to divide the interest cake of the entire village. But now that only Fang Yuan and the other elders amounting to less than ten remained, that cake was still whole and intact.


 To split this large cake among themselves, they would have to compete against one another. Political battles, although not as flashy or bloody as the wolf tide, was full of schemes, plotting and setting traps; it was difficult and harsh.


 At first, Fang Yuan as the only newly advanced elder, had a strong momentum and attracted great attention. But now that he admitted his mistake, it completely ruined his political career; it was tantamount to giving up the chance to compete for this interest cake with the other clan elders.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s threat level towards the other clan elders became much lower.


 Their gaze towards Fang Yuan showed that the pressure they felt towards him had reduced.


 At this time, clan leader Gu Yue Bo sighed, "Since Fang Yuan himself admitted to it, as clan leader, I have to punish you for the act of running away from battle. According to the clan ancestor’s rules, runaways will be stripped of their clan elder status, but the final result shall be decided by me and the other clan elders. We’ll decide on your punishment after a discussion. But regardless of the result, I hope you can accept it."


 The others showed a weird expression.


 Fang Yuan nodded, not speaking, as if he had submitted to fate.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji broke her own arm to save her life, this was decisive and ruthless. Fang Yuan was the same, except he lost even more, giving up his clan elder status.


 His greatest problem now, is the sudden appearance of the Tie family father and daughter. If he got involved in the political turmoil now, facing suppression from other elders, his situation would get even more dangerous.


 "Letting go, willingness to let go, among taking and letting go, that is life. The identity of clan elder was to cultivate better, that is its only purpose to me. To pursue eternal life I walked on the demonic path, I am willing to discard my own life. What else can I not discard? Clan elder status, hmph..."


 Fang Yuan did not feel a shred of regret or annoyance.


 This was the wisest decision.


 Moreover, although there’s a punishment, it would definitely be minimized.


 After all, there were little clan elders left, and as a Rank three Gu Master, his strength was greatly valued. The clan leader has to punish him on one end, but also needs to borrow his strength to stabilize the entire village’s circumstance, thus he also needed to give in to Fang Yuan.


 As for the other clan elders, Fang Yuan had stepped out of this political contest and no longer held any threat. They would not offend Fang Yuan anymore. After all, if they force Fang Yuan to retaliate, isn’t it finding trouble for themselves?


 "Although there is the clan system, but what is a system? Hehe, a system is just a tool to maintain the interests of those in power. On one hand it governs and divides the interest of the lower levels, but it is also the rules that contain the higher-ups as they compete against each other." Fang Yuan laughed coldly. These matters, he was clear as day, the truth was transparent to him.


 "The most crucial point now, is the Tie family father and daughter. Fuck, they came much earlier than I had anticipated, even before the wolf tide is completely gone. Hmph! But such a behavior perfectly fits Tie Xue Leng’s hatred towards evil, and his selflessness in fighting crime."


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt a strong pressure.


 Even though Tie Xue Leng is injured now, his battle strength was not something Fang Yuan could compete against. A starving dying camel is larger than a horse, it is this logic.


 "I need to leave the village, but I also need to avoid the pursuit of the Tie father and daughter pair, how can I get out of this predicament?"


 Fang Yuan was vexed.


 This Tie family father and daughter was not as easy to confuse as Jia Fu. Moreover, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was too low. Even if he had a thousand and one plans, what could he do without actual strength?


 Rank three and five, it was a world of difference.


 "Everyone, I have something to say." At this point, the silent Gu Yue Mo Chen suddenly said.His expression was pale as he had dragged his injured body to the banquet, and he did not drink wine, only sipping tea.


 But what he said next, shocked people to death, "There’s something I have to be honest about. Elder Fang Yuan did not manage to enter the battlefield, and that was due to me."


 "What?"


 At once, the other clan elders were shocked.


 "Oh, what do you mean?" Gu Yue Bo asked.


 Fang Yuan sent a glance over, hiding his shock.


 Why would this Gu Yue Mo Chen stand up for himself?


 During this wolf tide, the Mo faction inheritor Gu Yue Mo Bei had already died unfortunately.


 Even though the Mo faction had to the greatest of their ability, protected Mo Bei. On the battlefield, surprises were aplenty. Moreover, during the wolf tide, everyone was in danger, sometimes they can’t even take care of themselves, what more towards others?


 Gu Yue Mo Chen sighed, "To speak the truth, my granddaughter Gu Yue Mo Yan had fallen deep in love with elder Fang Yuan. Before this, she had come to beg me, kneeling on the ground and crying, not willing to see Fang Yuan die on the battlefield. I only have one granddaughter, thus out of selfishness, I kept Fang Yuan in my estate and knocked him out. It was only until we chased the lightning crown wolf that I let him out. Thus, everything was due to me, it is my fault. It has nothing to do with Fang Yuan."


 "What?"


 "Oh, is that really it?"


 The clan elders were suspicious.


 Gu Yue Mo Chen’s words were quite a stretch; it was rather unbelievable.


 "Love and relationship among youngsters is common," Gu Yue Bo nodded, staring at Fang Yuan with deep meaning, wanting to find out some clues from his expression.


 But Fang Yuan looked down with a calm expression. There was nothing to see.


 Clan leader was disappointed.


 The other clan elders exchanged glances, not understanding why Gu Yue Mo Chen was so defensive of Fang Yuan.


 Him saying this in order to aid Fang Yuan, it meant that he had sacrificed his own reputation and ruined his own political prospect!!


 Gu Yue Mo Chen continued, "In order to protect my reputation, elder fang Yuan willingly let himself suffer the injustice. But I have already erred once, how can I make a mistake once more? This is the truth. As for the punishment, I implore lord clan leader to consider. I admit my mistake and as with the rules, if my clan elder status is to be stripped, I have no objections."


 Clan leader quickly waved his hand, saying, "Elder Mo Chen has worked hard all these years. What you did was understandable, humans are not grass or wood, how can we not have feelings? Now that our clan is greatly weakened, we need loyal and strong elders like you. But this is still your own selfishness, thus the punishment still needs to be decided. We have an important guest today, let’s not talk about this now. Come, brother Tie, I and the clan elders shall offer you a toast!"


 Saying so, Gu Yue Bo stood up.


 The other clan elders stood up as well, raising their cups.


 "Everyone is too kind. I still have to trouble you all later, I hope I can seek your understanding." Tie Xue Leng did not put on airs, standing up and drinking his wine.


 ...


 In the courtyard of the Mo faction, flora and fauna were abundant. The artificial mountain had a spring flowing with crystal clear water.


 In the night sky, the moon hung high in the sky like a plate.


 The banquet had long ended.


 Fang Yuan sat in the cooling pavilion as he listened to the sound of the flowing water, and he placed down his tea cup with a plain expression.


 Sitting opposite him was Gu Yue Mo Chen. After the banquet was over, he had invited Fang Yuan over for a discussion.


 "Come, have another cup of tea, this bamboo leaf clear water tea is good in eliminating hangovers." Gu Yue Mo Chen laughed, pouring personally into Fang Yuan’s cup.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, and on seeing the cup being filled again, he said, "Indeed a good cure for hangovers."


 Saying so, he looked outside the pavilion, only to see that the pale white moon had radiated the grounds with its moonlight. Under the moon, the pavilion was quiet and graceful, but in the wind there were lurking shadows, showing how the Mo faction courtyard was turning from a prosperous state, to a declining one.


 During the banquet, Fang Yuan had already understood Gu Yue Mo Chen’s intention. Seeing this scene, he was even more sure of himself.


 The Mo faction had no inheritor left!


 Once Gu Yue Mo Bei died, the entire Mo faction would lose its inheritor.


 Although Mo Bei still had his sister Mo Yan, the clan rules was that, since ancient times, it favored males over females, and the assets can only be inherited by a male and not female.


 Even if Gu Yue Mo Yan gets to Rank three next time and advances to clan elder, her assets do not represent the Mo faction, but only her own. If she married anyone, this asset will be transferred to under her husband’s name.


 If they lost their inheritor, a clan’s political influence would have no prospects, and no one would join them.


 The Mo faction had already fallen into difficult circumstances, on the verge of breaking down.


 But heaven always left a way, and the Mo faction was not truly at its wits end; there was still a sliver of hope.


 This hope lies in Gu Yue Mo Yan’s hands.


 Although she is a female, she can marry someone.


 If the son-in-law marries into the Mo faction, he would have an acceptable status, and can inherit the Mo faction!


 Seeing that Fang Yuan had no inclination to mention it, Gu Yue Mo Chen scolded this crafty lad internally, but had to speak, "I wonder what elder Fang Yuan thinks of my Mo faction?"


 He had an unspeakable grief.


 Ever since his injury, his cultivation had fallen to Rank two, without any chance of ever regaining Rank three.


 He could only rely on his Gu worm to conceal his true aura. But paper cannot cover fire; he would be exposed one day.


 His only inheritor had died, while he himself was Rank two and would lose his clan elder identity. Gu Yue Mo Chen needed someone who could hold the fort to sustain their faction.


 Back then, he had both authority and status, thus the Mo faction controlled a large amount of the interest cake. But now that the clan’s factions were reorganising themselves, he did not want any more interests. As long as he can defend what he already has, that would be the biggest victory.


 He pondered left and right, and the most suitable person was Fang Yuan without doubt!



***
Chapter 173: White form immortal snake


***





 Chapter 173: White form immortal snake


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Sunset clouds are blown away as cool wind fills the air, and the jade disc spins silently in the milky way.


 Bai Ning Bing looked out from the window and gazed at the night sky.


 A bright and sparkling moon was shining in the sky. Occasionally, wolf howls could be heard in the distance, adding some bleakness to the peaceful moonlight.


 In the study room, the Bai clan leader was sitting at a side with a dazed expression.


 Just a moment ago, Bai Ning Bing told him about the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.


 "Northern Dark Ice Soul....ten absolute aptitudes...." The Bai clan leader mumbled constantly.


 "I have already sensed that my end is nearing, my aperture is gradually unable to endure the burden. These past few years, I’ve truly caused you much problems!" Bai Ning Bing softly sighed.


 His expression was calm. No longer was there the abnormal reckless and crazed state as before. What replaced them was tranquility and peace.


 This tranquility and peace came from his heart.


 He had found his path and was no longer perplexed by life and death.


 People mature over time, and the stimulation from life and death could further speed up this process.


 Moonlight fell down like flowing water, illuminating Bai Ning Bing’s fair skin. Under the flowing radiance, his two blue eyes shone with depth.


 He was like a beautiful young man from a painting, with white hair and white clothes like the immortals in the clouds, causing people to look intently.


 "How could this happen? You were clearly A grade with 99% primeval essence when your aptitude was tested. It absolutely wasn’t the Northern Dark Ice Soul." The Bai clan leader was still refusing to accept it.


 "It was indeed so. But one day when I was cultivating, my aptitude suddenly advanced. I checked the ancient scrolls and records in the clan and found some information on this; every 99% A grade aptitude has the possibility of advancing to ten absolute aptitudes while cultivating," Bai Ning Bing said.


 "All ten defy the heavens, and the heavens can’t tolerate them. Even Ren Zu’s ten children didn’t have a good end. Sigh, is there really no way to salvage it?" Bai clan leader felt pity and regret when he looked at the beautiful boy in front of him.


 He was the clan’s pride and their hope to rise up in power. However, his life was already nearing its end. Despite glowing brightly, he was like a firework which could only shine splendidly for one single moment.


 "There are no ways to evade my impending doom, but there are some ways to delay it. However, all these methods need many years to prepare, which I don’t have."


 Bai Ning Bing said all this and gave a light laugh, as if the one being discussed about was not him, but some irrelevant outsider.


 "Don’t worry. Who doesn’t die? True immortality doesn’t exist! As long as we live our life interestingly, it is enough." He was instead consoling the clan leader.


 "I cannot accept this! I absolutely cannot! Damn it, my Bai clan has been suppressed by the Gu Yue clan for centuries, we finally found hope but it ends up like this! No, there is still hope!"


 Bai clan leader’s voice got louder and louder till suddenly, his expression turned firm as if he had decided on something.


 "Follow me, I will bring you to a place...." He stood up and said.


 After a while.


 The bright moonlight shone upon a deep pool.


 "This is the spirit spring?" Bai Ning Bing asked. He had been led by the Bai clan leader as they went through a long secret pathway, and finally arrived here.


 "Indeed. This is our clan’s restricted area, the location of the spirit spring. You also know this — every clan’s foundation is established upon a natural spirit spring, where the primeval stones produced by it will be used to provide for their cultivation. Our Bai clan can only be considered a small-medium scale clan, and only by annexing Gu Yue and Xiong clan as well as possessing at least three springs can we become a large scale clan," Bai clan leader sighed.


 "Then clan leader, what did you bring me here for?"


 Bai clan leader’s face revealed a complex expression, and as he turned around to look at Bai Ning Bing, his expression contained some hesitation, "I had originally never thought of bringing you here. However, the affairs of the world are hard to anticipate. To think, you would end up possessing Northern Dark Ice Soul! Your only chance at living lies within this spring."


 "What is in this spring?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "A great Immortal!" Bai clan leader said with a deep voice.


 "Great Immortal?" Bai Ning Bing was flabbergasted.


 "Great Immortal is its title. It is a snake Gu left by our Bai clan’s first generation ancestor. It likes cleanliness, and its food is the water of spirit spring. It has always been secretly living in the spirit spring," Bai clan leader introduced.


 "Before the first generation ancestor passed away, he set up a secret inheritance and left behind this snake Gu as a clue. If you can get the approval of the Great Immortal, it will open the secret inheritance for you. But if you can’t receive its approval...." The Bai clan leader stopped his sentence in the middle.


 "What happens then?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 Bai clan leader’s expression turned grave and he said, "It will kill you!"


 At the same time, Gu Yue village.


 Inside the room, Tie Ruo Nan kept her recon Gu and nodded with satisfaction, "The environment here is pretty good, it’s rather clean."


 The ‘clean’ she referred to wasn’t talking about the cleanliness of the room, but was pointing at the lack of surveillance.


 It was impossible to say that there absolutely wasn’t any surveillance.


 After all, Tie Xue Leng was rank five, so he possessed too great of a threat. Hence, there was a necessity for some precautions.


 However, Gu Yue clan’s defensive and surveillance measures were just at the right amount and the level was quite low too, not creating any feelings of provocation and aversion. It could even be taken as excessively earnest and passionate reception, which was why Tie Ruo Nan gave the assessment of ‘rather clean’.


 Tie Xue Leng slightly nodded, "Ruo Nan, you have followed me for so long and have learned many things. However, some things can only be learned by taking actions and not just by spectating from the sides. Hence, I handed this case to you."


 "Father, I will definitely work hard and give my best!"


 "Good. Then, let me ask you, what should your next step be?" Tie Xue Leng was deliberately testing her.


 Tie Ruo Nan smiled. She turned around and gazed at the moon through the window, "The moon is beautiful tonight. Dad, can I have the pleasure to take you around this Gu Yue village?"


 Upon hearing this, Tie Xue Leng revealed a gratifying smile.


 When starting out on a case, it was not urgent to understand the details of the case. The first step to solve a case was to survey the surroundings.


 The father and daughter pair slowly walked through the streets. After resisting the most terrifying attacks of the wolf tide, Gu Yue clan was now in a wretched state.


 There were collapsed bamboo buildings and bloodstains all around. Junks were piled up all over the place and feeble moaning sounds of crippled people could be heard from time to time.


 The Tie father and daughter pair walked around the village without saying any words.


 "Fang Yuan, you bastard, fuck off!" Suddenly, a loud roar came from within a courtyard.


 The Tie father and daughter stopped walking.


 After a long while, the courtyard gate opened and Fang Yuan walked out while rubbing his nose with a vague smile on his face.


 "Hello, little brother Fang Yuan." Tie Xue Leng took the initiative to send his greetings.


 "Junior pays his respects to lord divine investigator." Fang Yuan constrained his smile and cupped his hands.


 "Little brother, we are new here and don’t know the place well. Is it possible for little brother to tell us a thing or two?" Tie Xue Leng suddenly asked.


 Tie Ruo Nan glanced at her father, but she didn’t make any comments.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze hardened, he was just about to go meet them but this opportunity was delivered right up to him.


 "Both of you have travelled a great distance and suffered hardships to come and solve the case, the whole village ought to help you. Please follow me." Fang Yuan spoke directly without showing the slightest evil intention, and walked in front.


 ...


 The spirit spring was raging like the boiling water.


 All of a sudden, the springwater rose up like a tidal wave.


 After it reached a certain height, the spirit spring scattered and splashed in all directions. A slender white snake, its whole body covered with snow white scales, tread on the waves and revealed its elegant appearance.


 Its eyes were like jade, cold and indifferent. On the two sides of its head were a pair of long whiskers, floating like celestial ribbons.


 Rank five white form immortal snake Gu!


 "I pay respects to Great Immortal!" Bai clan leader emotionally kneeled on the ground, and at the same time anxiously urged, "Bai Ning Bing, why are you not kneeling down?"


 "I will never kneel before a Gu!" Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted, his body standing upright and tall.


 Although the white form immortal snake Gu released an ethereal cold grandeur with heavy killing intent concealed within, Bai Ning Bing was not the least bit afraid. His two blue pupils directly stared at its snake eyes.


 Time seemed to have stopped at this moment.


 The spirit spring and the Bai clan leader had become insignificant background objects.


 Under the bright moonlight, the picturesque youngster with blue pupils and the silver whiskered white snake gazed at each other.


 After a good while, the white snake suddenly gave a long cry and turned into a white rainbow, slamming into Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s body jolted. The white light entered his aperture and turned into a white snake.


 The white snake occupied the central area of his primeval essence, and with its tyrannical attitude, all the surrounding Gu were immediately forced to the side.


 "This situation..." Bai clan leader stood up with a puzzled expression, "It doesn’t match what the clan’s secret records say."


 According to the clan’s secret records, once a Gu Master obtained approval, the white form immortal snake Gu would fly with the inheritor and open the inheritance in the sky.


 However, the current situation was somewhat weird.


 The white form immortal snake Gu took the initiative to enter Bai Ning Bing’s aperture and didn’t kill him, which should mean that it had approved of him. But why didn’t it carry Bai Ning Bing and fly to the sky?


 Could it be that the secret records were wrong?


 Bai clan leader couldn’t make sense of it.


 ......


 Time quietly flew by.


 "That more or less sums up everything about Gu Yue village. There is the underground cave, but that is a restricted area of the clan and outsiders aren’t allowed entry." Fang Yuan said.


 He looked at the bright moon in the sky and continued, "It is getting late, please go and rest, you need to have the energy to investigate tomorrow, right?"


 "Hahaha, Elder Fang Yuan is correct. We are really thankful for Elder Fang Yuan’s directions, please go and take a rest," Tie Xue Leng said.


 "In that case, I will take my leave." Fang Yuan cupped his hands before directly leaving.


 Tie Xue Leng looked at Fang Yuan’s figure with interest, and only after Fang Yuan turned into a corner, did he take back his gaze.


 "Ruo Nan, what do you think of this Fang Yuan?" He suddenly asked.


 "I don’t like him, my intuition tells me he is covered in shadows." The young girl frowned.


 Tie Xue Leng nodded his head, "I know you have the Intuition Gu which strengthens your intuition, but we need definite evidence to solve a case. Just relying on intuition alone won’t be convincing. Don’t always depend on your intuition, I do not want you to use the intuition Gu to solve this case."


 "Yes, father."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Hey guys, my sicknessy got worse :o I am sad! Medical bills were so expensive but medicine had no effect. I’m tired. I owe you guys one chapter from yesterday, sorry D: Gonna rest more, I think my bed is my house now.



***
Chapter 174: Junior divine investigator


***





 Chapter 174: Junior divine investigator


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Tie Xue Leng said again, "Now, analyze this person Fang Yuan."


 "Father, you suspect it is Fang Yuan?" Tie Ruo Nan was stunned, but continued, "He is a very logical and intelligent person, and when he introduced the village to us, every word he said was appropriate and well organised. Gasp!..."


 Tie Ruo Nan suddenly drew in a mouthful of cold air.


 She frowned, "I didn’t notice this earlier, but after you just reminded me, I realised it! This Fang Yuan is too good at speaking. Everything he said is objectively the truth, abandoning his personal feelings. Standing at a bystander’s perspective, and describing calmly. Not allowing others to find flaws in his words, thus not able to get additional clues. His words were very.... very.... very clean."


 The young girl hesitated, before using the word ‘clean’.


 Tie Xue Leng nodded, but then shook his head, "He did not abandon his feelings. Everyone has feelings, and even a cold blooded murderer has feelings. He only concealed his personal feelings very well, and was in full control of his emotions. This lad has a demonic nature."


 "Demonic nature?""That’s right, think about it. He spoke the truth during the banquet, saying he was frightened and did not dare to enter the battlefield. Tell me, if it was a normal person, would they do that?" Tie Xue Leng asked.


 Tie Ruo Nan shook her head, "No, Gu Masters put the clan’s honor and their own reputation higher than their own lives. But, that might not be certain, for in history there have also been many people who sacrificed their own reputation, right?"


 "That’s right, but who were those people?" Tie Xue Leng’s gaze was deep.


 Tie Ruo Nan considered, before her expression changed, "They were all outstanding individuals!"


 "That’s correct. Throughout history, those who sacrificed their own reputations only had two aims. One was that they had a greater aim in mind, and compared to their aim, reputation is worth nothing. The other is to preserve themselves, defaming themselves to prevent suspicion."


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone, "Father, you are saying?"


 "You are thinking too much. I just feel that this young man is very interesting, but too bad he is only a C grade..." Tie Xue Leng said.


 The moonlight was like water on this night.


 Fang Yuan walked on the empty street, his footsteps slightly heavy but filled with determination.


 After interacting with Tie Xue Leng earlier, he was indeed what the rumors said. This Tie Xue Leng had a gaze that could see through the world, and his intelligence and wits were deep like a chasm. He swept through the Southern Border for tens of years, establishing his famed name; he really was an outstanding talent.


 Wanting to remove his suspicions in front of such a person was extremely difficult. As long as they had enough time, they would definitely discover the truth!


 "Now is a race against time. But, Mo faction’s recruitment, I can make good use of it."


 Not long ago in the Mo faction pavilion, Fang Yuan had given absurd demands. In return for marrying Mo Yan, he wanted a hundred thousand primeval stones, ten rare Gu worms and each at least Rank three.


 This made Gu Yue Mo Chen furious.


 He was marrying away his precious granddaughter, but Fang Yuan still had more demands?!


 Such a shameless way to ask for gifts, and so greedy, it was really the last straw!


 Thus, the discussion faltered, and he chased Fang Yuan out.


 Fang Yuan left immediately without any inclination to stay.


 He knew Mo Chen’s intention, thus he would definitely compromise. His absurd demands were just a way of bargaining, paying the lowest price when buying, and asking for the highest price when selling.


 "But this matter has equal benefits and demerits. Although with more primeval stones I can feed the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, my original plan to get out of the political spiral would be ruined. In tonight’s banquet, Gu Yue Mo Chen sacrificed himself to salvage my political career. From then on, he might face all sorts of elder’s suppression."


 Gu Yue village’s political situation now was: Clan leader was healthy, while for the two important elders, Gu Yue Chi Lian was dead but the Chi faction was not finished yet, as inheritor Chi Cheng was still alive. At the same time there was still Gu Yue Chi Zhong, an elder from the same faction. But Mo faction lost its inheritor and Mo Chen was heavily injured, falling to Rank two, unable to even keep his clan elder status.


 The two formerly large factions had already gone downhill. The medicine faction in contrast were mostly healing Gu Masters. As supports they had little sacrifice while still keeping most of their strength, and were on the verge of rising up.


 Medicine faction was originally the clan leader’s faction, but now it had the ability to be independent. Regardless of whether Gu Yue Yao Ji chooses to be independant or rely on the clan elder, in order to strengthen themselves, they would need to snatch and merge. And the weakened Chi and Mo faction were the best targets.


 If they did not strike now, later on when the two factions stabilize internally it would be much more difficult.


 "Being in the human world, many things are not up to me, why not just let down my hair and sail away to the seas? Sailing with the winds and breaking waves as I travel thirty thousand Li, that is the true demonic path I take!" Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the moon as he sighed.


 He wanted to get away from the political spiral, but Gu Yue Mo Chen dragged him back by force. He faced pressure from all the factions, and Tie Xue Leng was already starting to solve the case. On the other hand, Bai Ning Bing had already regained his new arm.


 Like a boat travelling in the darkness with danger lurking everywhere, how was he to open up a path for himself?


 ......


 The next day.


 "What? You said that the person who murdered Jia Jin Sheng had already been found and was killed already?" Tie Ruo Nan felt extremely perturbed.


 This morning, she had woken up early and officially started to solve the case.


 But to think that the first information she got, was that the killer had already been sentenced.


 "That’s right, the killer is a demonic Gu Master. He once assassinated our clan’s rising star and tried to kill the genius, thus he was killed on the spot." A clan elder provided the information.


 "Is that really so? Did he admit personally that he was Jia Jing Sheng’s killer?" Tie Ruo Nan frowned deeply. Beside her, Tie Xue Leng wore a copper mask as he stood like a statue.


 "He didn’t. But, if it’s not him, who else could it be?" The clan elder shrugged.


 Tie Ruo Nan thought internally, "This is all an assumption, there is no real proof. But whether it is the truth or not, this demonic Gu Master has to be investigated clearly. Most likely, this is a lead that will bring us to the truth!"


 Thinking of this, Tie Ruo Nan raised her head abruptly, "Where is he buried? I want to inspect the corpse!"


 In a simple and torn coffin, there was a corpse within.


 The rotting smell assaulted noses, and clan servants and Gu Masters were so disgusted that they ran far away to hide.


 Tie family father and daughter acted as if they were unaffected, and Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes glowed brightly, excitedly stretching her hand and inspecting.


 A person’s corpse has lots of traces. At times, one or two small injuries would be the evidence needed to point out the murderer!


 On this corpse, there were many injuries, but the person’s appearance was still clear, and he was still wearing his original clothes.


 Tie Ruo Nan checked for ages, and only then did she get up with a lingering interest.


 "Anything?" Tie Xue Leng asked lightly, testing her secretly.


 "Gu Yue clan thinks this person is Jia Jin Sheng’s killer, thus they kept the corpse well. There’s a huge problem in this corpse," Tie Ruo Nan answered.


 "He’s a middle-aged man, right arm thicker than the left; both his hands have a thick callus. Seeing how his callus is distributed, they are uneven. There are many injuries on his body, numerous fatal wounds, showing the intense battle he had before death. But on his body there are also a lot of hidden injuries, especially his left foot having three less toes, this is left behind from many years ago."


 Saying so, she continued deducing, "He was most likely a hunter. There are many evidences - his disproportional left and right side and the callus on his hands shows that he’s an experienced bowman. There are many injures made by wild beasts on his body, like claw marks and bites, showing he often fought against beasts. His clothes are not the traditional Gu Master clothes, and his shoes are even more interesting, weaved from bamboo hemp grass. This kind of grass only grows near Qing Mao bamboo, and Qing Mao mountain only produces Qing Mao bamboo; other than that, in the surrounding mountains, there is no bamboo hemp grass.


 "So what are you getting at?" Tie Xue Leng pursued.


 "Before this person became a demonic Gu Master, he was a hunter. From his clothes, he was most likely a resident hunter on Qing Mao mountain," Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone brightly.


 "Why do you think he is a resident here? If it is the grass shoes, he could’ve killed the villagers here and worn them," Tie Xue Leng rebuked.


 "That’s not it. The most special part of his clothes is the shoes, because if they were taken by force, most would not fit his size perfectly. But look at this, two disproportionate legs and yet the shoes fit nicely, this is made just for him. He has three less toes on his leg feet, thus the left grass shoe is shorter. His stump is very cleanly cut and sharp. I assume it is most likely due to stepping on a trap by mistake," Tie Ruo Nan said.


 Tie Xue Leng did not deny it nor confirm it, and did not even give any criticism.


 Like what he said earlier, he left it to Tie Ruo Nan to solve the case.


 Tie Ruo Nan continued saying, "With this conjecture, we can go to the surrounding hamlets and investigate. We might find more clues... wait!"


 Just when she was about to speak, the young girl’s expression stiffened.


 She suddenly remembered, this Qing Mao mountain had just undergone a wolf tide calamity. Even the villages were heavily damaged, not to mention those hamlets?


 She knew that using this method to find out the person’s identity and information bore little hope.


 "But even if the chances are slim, as long as there is a possibility for success, I must try!" It was the young girl’s first individual case, and she was full of drive.


 But half a day passed, and she returned empty-handed. This wolf tide was the largest and most horrifying one yet. So many hamlets had zero survivors, and this brought great trouble to her investigations.


 "This lead is gone. What are you going to do next?" Tie Xue Leng asked at an appropriate time.


 The young girl gritted her teeth, and in her tone there was stubbornness and tenacity, "No, it is not over yet. Father you said it yourself, the true lead is often hidden more deeply, and as long as we continue to excavate, it will appear."


 "This demonic Gu Master’s death is strange. Firstly, why did he assault Fang Zheng? What did Fang Zheng do to offend him, causing him to assassinate him with his life, under the situation which was basically an assured death? Moreover, he is a local, but after his death, why did no one recognise him?"


 Hearing her words, Tie Xue Leng was a little surprised.


 "Child, you have truly grown up," the divine investigator sighed, and in his tone there was contentment and gratification.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Late by ten minutes, nooo~ Sorry guys. And thanks for the well wishes, I love you all :0



***
Chapter 191: Crane disaster


***





 Chapter 191: Crane disaster


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 In the azure blue sky, numerous clouds were floating aimlessly.


 The elderly Gu Master rode on top of the white crane. Under his white eyebrows that were sharp like daggers, his eyes revealed a deep killing intent.


 "Hehehe, with this grudge of mine, I shall start taking revenge on your descendants," he laughed, staring down at the battlefield, stretching his thin and dry finger and pointing downwards.


 The white crane below him raised its long and elegant neck, crying out in a bright and loud voice.


 The voice spread through the skies, and from far away, there were many return calls.


 "What sound is this?" Fang Yuan was activating the Earth Communication Ear grass at the time, thus he heard it first and was shocked in his heart.


 The crane cries went on endlessly, all at different pitches, giving off an impressive magnitude. This was not over a hundred canes, nor a few thousand crying at once; it was the collective cries of over ten thousand flying cranes that could cause such an effect.


 "Is there a migrating flock of cranes nearby?" Out of nowhere, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of danger.


 The crane cries attracted the attention of the Gu Masters in the arena, turning their heads to look at them.


 "What’s that in the sky?"


 "From the sound, I’d say its a large herd of migrating birds. Tell all the Gu Masters not to attack recklessly and bring trouble upon themselves!" Bai clan leader was just saying, but suddenly he came to a halt.


 His eyes dilated, seeing one, two, three... almost ten thousand cranes in the sky, clumped together and attacking towards the arena.


 "How can this be?"


 "Get your guard on, defend!"


 "Let’s escape, there are ten thousand cranes here, there has to be a myriad beast king."


 "The wolf tide is just over, now we have a crane disaster? Oh Heavens, Qing Mao Mountain is truly a place of disasters."


 Gu Masters started commenting, expressing the shock in their hearts as their spirits wavered.


 After finally resisting the wolf tide, a crane disaster appears. The three clans on Qing Mao mountain have suffered great losses already, how could they have the excess energy to deal with such a large flock of cranes?


 The flying cranes folded back their wings, shooting down like a rain of arrows.


 Under the thunderous cries, screams of fear, pain and horror erupted at once, as all sorts of lights burst forth — moonblades, water balls and steel spikes were sent into the skies.


 After a momentary resistance, more than half of the Gu Masters were killed.


 These flying cranes were like pile drivers; each time their wings flapped, it had the strength of a boar, and their claws were sharp and could break rocks. Ordinary cranes were hard enough to deal with, not to mention the large amounts of hundred and thousand beast kings among them.


 The clans had centuries of experience in dealing with the wolf tide, and also the sturdy villages that can defend against them. But here, it was the wilderness with no buildings in sight. Where could they find anything resembling a fort?


 Thus, during the first attack, half the Gu Masters passed away.


 The cranes’ long beaks penetrated hearts, their claws grabbing onto skulls. With a flap of their wings, people would vomit blood and be sent flying, all their bones broken.


 Fang Yuan was also attacked. his eyes could only see white fog as he relied on the Earth Communication Ear grass to avoid their attacks.


 "Fang Yuan, hang in there!" This time, he heard Gu Yue Bo shouting behind him.


 Fang Yuan felt puzzled.


 What’s up with this Gu Yue Bo, when he shouted Fang Yuan’s name earlier, the tone was weird, like he had intentions to protect him. Now he even ran over to help.


 Fang Yuan was a scheming old fox, but even he could not predict everything. In this short period, how could he conjecture that Tie Ruo Nan assumed he was a ten extreme physique?


 Gu Yue Bo was a Rank four expert, thus since the cranes attacking Fang Yuan were ordinary beasts, they were easily killed or repelled by him.


 "Fang Yuan, is that you?" Gu Yue Bo came to the maze fog.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts whirled in his mind: Right now, his predicament was extremely dangerous, and being near Gu Yue Bo would greatly increase his chances of survival. Thus he answered: "It’s me."


 Gu Yue Bo hearing Fang Yuan’s voice, finally breathed a sigh of relief, "Very good! Fang Yuan, let’s not mention what happened in the past. No matter what, the clan will protect your safety. Let’s return to the village, I’ll protect you while retreating!"


 What he did not know was that the village was the most dangerous location for Fang Yuan right now.


 But the crane disaster was a much greater threat compared to the village. At least if he went back to the village, he would not die immediately compared to staying under the cranes’ attacks.


 Fang Yuan sighed without hesitating, "Please lead the way clan leader, I will try to keep up!"


 But at this time, a giant crane descended from the sky. The white-brow old Gu Master sat on top of the crane, his tone cold, "No one can escape, all of you shall die here."


 Fang Yuan could not see, but heard Gu Yue Bo beside him shout, "Rank five Gu Master!"


 Evidently, the Gu Yue clan leader had investigative methods that was able to deduce the stranger’s cultivation level.


 Fang Yuan was stunned in his heart: Where is there another Rank five Gu Master here? This tiny Qing Mao mountain, it was neither a famous location nor full of resources, why are all the Rank five experts gathering here?


 "Don’t tell me, this has to do with First gen Gu Yue?" Fang Yuan hit an inspiration.


 His heart jumped!


 If it was an ordinary crane disaster, he would have no chances left. Wild flying beasts were hard to make use of, and although he was at Rank three peak stage, compared to a Rank five he was still weak and could not get out of the danger.


 But now another Rank five Gu Master showed up. Not only is he another source of extreme danger, but also a chance to break out of his predicament.


 This current Qing Mao mountain, the three Rank five experts were the crucial players, the rest were insignificant.


 Only a Rank five can deal with Rank five.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan decided in his heart.


 It is time, he has to bet on this!


 "Clan leader, the First gen ancestor has fully awakened, we will be safe if we return to the village!" Fang Yuan said.


 "What?" Gu Yue Bo shouted in shock.


 His shock gave Fang Yuan reassurance.


 "I won’t lie about such things. As long as we get back to the village, we can save our lives," Fang Yuan continued.


 Gu Yue Bo was a resolute man, thus he brought Fang Yuan and sped towards the village.


 But the flying cranes continued to approach, blocking the path. Hundred beast kings and thousand beast kings appeared non-stop.


 Gu Yue Bo fought with his life, protecting Fang Yuan. Eventually he could no longer proceed, falling into the encirclement of the flying cranes. Fang Yuan was protected by Gu Yue Bo, thus he was safe for the time being.


 Once time was up, the maze fog vanished.


 Fang Yuan observed the battlefield, only to see corpses lying everywhere, showing that a terrifying battle had happened. The Gu Masters’ sacrifice was huge, but the flock of cranes were also greatly damaged. Other than broken limbs of humans, there were also crane corpses everywhere.


 "Isn’t this the Iron Beak Flying Crane?" Fang Yuan felt puzzled.


 Others might not recognise it, for after all, this flying beast was not from the Southern Border. But he knew that this Iron Beak Flying Crane originated from the Middle Kingdom.


 "Eh? Myriad beast king, Rank five expert!" Next, Fang Yuan saw in mid-air, a giant crane was flapping its wings, floating. On its back, a white-brow white haired old man was sitting with a cold expression.


 Fang Yuan looked away, back at Gu Yue Bo.


 This Gu Yue clan leader was already full of injuries, his body full of blood, fighting with his life. Many times he could clearly have avoided, but to protect Fang Yuan, he would rather suffer the injury himself.


 "Clan leader! The current situation is not looking good. Gu Masters are fighting bravely, but are all divided into different areas by the flying cranes, they will eventually get overwhelmed. We must gather their strength into one. Only then can we have a chance to break out of this and return to the village!" Fang Yuan said to Gu Yue Bo.


 "You are right." Gu Yue Bo looked across the battlefield, shouting loudly, "Everyone, the enemy is before us, our Gu Yue village has a method to deal with the enemy, quickly assemble with me and kill our way out!"


 The voice echoed in the battlefield, attracting numerous gazes.


 "What? Gu Yue clan still has a trump card to deal with a Rank five?"


 "Believing in it is better than nothing!"


 "Brothers, let’s go, gather with the Gu Yue clan leader!!"


 They were already despairing, but now that Gu Yue Bo said it, they saw some hope.


 Under the pressure of death, these former enemies united and worked together, quickly gathering into one spot.


 "Gu Yue clan... hehe, you are all senior brother’s descendants." On the huge crane, the white brow elderly laughed coldly, about to command the cranes to intercept, but on second thoughts, he stopped that idea.


 "Why not let these people escape back, so I can finish them off together. But these are all his descendants, so in the battle later, I can use them to threaten him. But these three Rank four Gu Masters have the ability to interfere with the battle, I cannot let them stay, I shall kill them first!"


 Thinking so, the white brow elderly screeched strangely, flicking his finger and sending three balls of light flying.


 "What Gu is this?" Xiong clan leader was first hit by the white ball, and after getting covered by it, his speed fell drastically, slower than a snail.


 The other two clan leaders were the same.


 "Fang Yuan, quickly go, Gu Yue clansmen listen up, you have to protect Fang Yuan at all costs, he’s the only one that knows the method!" Gu Yue Bo tried all ways but could not get rid of this light ring, thus he screamed loudly and turned around to face the white brow elderly.


 Fang Yuan turned around, looking at this Gu Yue clan leader deeply.


 "Elder Fang Yuan, let us protect you!" A large number of Gu Yue clansmen gathered beside Fang Yuan, protecting him in all directions.


 Healing light as well as speed buffs were all casted on Fang Yuan.


 Collision sounds were heard from the back, and under the mystical and cruel fate, the three clan leaders who hated each other worked together tightly right now, battling against the mysterious elderly with their life on the line.


 The results of this battle, was decided from the start.


 The three clan leaders died one by one as the white brow elderly flicked his sleeves, sitting firmly on the huge crane. Flying cranes engulfed the skies as they gradually forced their way into Gu Yue village.


 Gu Yue village was in chaos, and the sad cries of people were heard everywhere.


 Large numbers of bamboo buildings fell, and the debris area was full of corpses with white cloths covering over them. Injured members cried in pain, lying on the ground as many healing Gu Masters worked to the bone.


 The clan main pavilion was half devastated, and the village square was covered in a layer of blood water; this was extremely horrifying to the clansmen.


 Because Tie Xue Leng and First gen Gu Yue engaged in fierce combat, it caused the mountains to shake. Thus, Gu Yue village which was right above was greatly affected.


 Gu Yue Yao Ji who was staying in the village, did not manage to receive Gu Yue Bo, but instead saw the injured remnants of the three clans.


 "What is going on?" She shouted loudly.


 Fang Yuan didn’t reply, because the flock of cranes behind her was the best explanation.


 "This?!"


 "Oh my god..."


 "Is our Gu Yue clan going to perish today?"


 Immediately, the village fell into chaos once again.


 "Senior brother, your junior, I have come here all the way to see you. Why aren’t you coming out to meet me?" White-brow elderly stood on the crane’s back, his tone full of icy killing intent.


 Before he was finished, on the village square, blood water gushed out like a ten metre fountain, and the bright red coffin appeared vertically.


 As a blood wight, First gen Gu Yue stood inside the coffin, his blood red eyes staring closely at the white-brow elderly.


 "To think that you didn’t die... how did you find this place? As expected, that Gu Master earlier was instigated by you!" First gen Gu Yue said hatefully.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Hello guys, I owe you all two chapters. Sorry for the delay too, but it’s Chinese New Year this week and I’ve been busy...Well if it is any consolation, when I have the time to do them you guys get to binge read the rest!



***
Chapter 192: Raising Eyebrows & Exhale


***





 Chapter 192: Raising Eyebrows & Exhale


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "How did I find you? Hahaha!" The white-brow elderly laughed loudly, his voice sound extremely happy, while his gaze was ruthless. He opened his palm, revealing a Gu.


 It was the Kinship Bloodworm.


 Kinship Bloodworm was crystal clear, like a red agate. It was like a cicada, emitting light at times, pointing towards First gen Gu Yue.


 "Although senior brother stole my opportunity and backstabbed me, taking away my Gu, I still managed to learn the secret arts. Thus I refined this Kinship Bloodworm. You know how I refined it? Hehehe, using the heart blood of your two blood-related sons. They were only five to six years old and were too young, so without sufficient heart blood, I could only turn them both into living sources, taking their blood every month. After spending tens of years, I finally accumulated enough heart blood and refined this Gu." The white-brow elderly said briskly, his tone extremely smug.


 "Oh, right, both your sons died soon after. HAHAHA, after refining the Kinship Bloodworm, I used it to find you for many years. But this world is too big, and you were nowhere to be found. Even though the Kinship Bloodworm was Rank five, its range is still limited. Eventually, when I was almost dying, I could only use the life-retaining Jade Burial Gu, living through death and sealing myself. Not long before this, I had to come out of sealing and I tried one last time. To think I found you by coincidence! Senior brother, do you know how happy and excited I was at that time?!"


 "As for that Tie Xue Leng, hehehe, I did send him a letter to attract him here. Seeing him, I thought of our former relationship. How nostalgic. Back then we were from the same sect, chasing after demonic cultivators. We were called the Righteous Twin Cranes, having unlimited glory and pride," The white-brow elderly saying so, showed a nostalgic expression.


 His expression was calm and his tone was gentle, but the more he thought about it, the stronger the killing intent was in both of his cold eyes.


 This white-brow elderly, came from the Middle Continent; he was known as Lord Sky Crane.


 Back then, he used the Rank five Crane Enslavement Gu and ruled over a myriad beast king level crane king and rose to fame. Because he could enslave a myriad beast king, it meant he controlled a ten thousand beast army.


 This strength allowed him to use his own power and eliminate a single village.


 Lord Sky Crane and First gen Gu Yue both came from the Middle Continent’s Immortal Crane Sect. Hundreds of years ago, they were senior and junior brothers, closer than real brothers, killing many demonic Gu Masters and working together, having perfect synergy with each other.


 In one of their attempts in chasing after demonic cultivators, they found an inheritance ground.


 This inheritance was one of the many set up by the Blood Sea Ancestor. But if it was an ordinary inheritance, so be it, they would not have turned on each other.


 However, this inheritance ground’s treasure was beyond precious; it could allow one to rise to the heavens and become an immortal from a mortal! Thus, the two brothers were moved.


 Legend says, Blood Sea Ancestor left behind over a hundred thousand inheritances, spread throughout the world. But his real motive was the few true treasures hidden in a few of these spots. They hid his personal Gu worms, his true methods.


 The sect brothers encountered the Blood Sea Ancestor’s true treasure inheritance.


 Lord Sky Crane was quicker and obtained the inheritance. Corrupted by greed, First gen Gu Yue schemed against him and stole the Gu worm. Then he attempted to kill Lord Sky Crane, but did not succeed as the latter managed to escape.


 Seeing that the matter was exposed, First gen Gu Yue could only hide his name and escape everywhere, preventing himself from getting found by his former sect. After tens of years, he could not find a Lifespan Gu, thus in his final days he stood at Qing Mao Mountain in the Southern Border, changing his appearance and calling himself Gu Yue, establishing the Gu Yue village.


 Lord Sky Crane being unable to find him, was filled with hatred. Meanwhile the Immortal Crane Sect was very interested in the blood sea inheritance, thus with their help, Lord Sky Crane used the life-preserving Jade Burial Gu, falling into a deep sleep and preserving his last bit of life.


 This life-preserving Jade Burial Gu’s method was also a special method. Similar to First gen Gu Yue’s transformation into a zombie, they were unorthodox methods and were just desperate measures.


 Turning into a zombie, replacing life with death. Life-preserving life burial could enable one to hang onto life, but did not increase their lifespan.


 There was only one way to increase one’s lifespan in this world. Like what Fang Yuan did in his previous life, they would need to use the Lifespan Gu, increasing one’s own lifespan from the roots; this was the proper way. Other methods had disadvantages and were not recognised by Heaven and Earth, belonging to helpless resorts.


 "Senior brother! You shameless disciple, despicable scum! Back then when you backstabbed me, did you expect retribution today? Haha, the heavens did not let me down, for I finally found you. Today, not only will I exterminate your bloodline and destroy your thousand year plot, but I will also take back my opportunity! This day, I have waited far too long!!"


 Ending his reminisces, Lord Sky Crane sighed loudly, gathering his killing intent.


 But before he struck, First gen Gu Yue acted even faster!


 The blood water on the ground poured up like a fountain, giving off a terrifying aura.


 The sharp smell of blood spread as within the thick concentrated blood water, tens of thousands of blood guillotines flew out, tightly packed together.


 Whoooosh.


 Sounds of wings flapping were heard as countless bladewing blood bat Gu flew into the air, engulfing the sky and killing towards the crane flock.


 The crane flock fell into chaos.


 Blood guillotines and bladewing blood bats were much smaller than the Iron Beak Flying Cranes, gaining movement advantage in battle.


 Lord Sky Crane was furious, screaming loudly and ordering the flying crane king he was riding on, rushing towards First gen Gu Yue.


 "Retreat!" A Gu Master shouted.


 The winds howled as the myriad beast king’s charge was too imposing, like a meteor hitting the ground, causing people to feel shocked and afraid.


 But suddenly, a blood wave flew into the sky, and the hiding blood river python assaulted under the cover of the blood water. It opened its mouth, biting at the flying crane king’s long neck. At the same time its body coiled, trying to drag the flying crane king into the blood pond on the ground.


 Lord Sky Crane snorted; he knew about the blood river python. Blood water was like a supreme recovery medicine for the python, thus he needed to cut the contact between them.


 With this he willed in his mind, and the flying crane king stretched out its steel claws, grabbing onto the blood river python. At the same time it flapped its wings, flying towards the sky. After battling with Tie Xue Leng, the blood river python still had many injuries on its body, and its strength was also greatly diminished. Thus it was carried by the flying crane king into the air, slowing leaving the village.


 "Hand over your life!" Lord Sky Crane howled, turning into a white flash and pouncing on First gen Gu Yue was who in the red coffin.


 First gen Gu Yue took a step out of the coffin, and with a stretch, wings grew out of his back. These pair of wings were large and strong, like jet-black coloured bat wings.


 Zombie Gu are a classic series of Gu worms, widely spread in the world. Rank two Roaming Zombie Gu, Rank three Fur Zombie Gu, Rank four Jumping Zombie Gu, Rank five Flying Zombie Gu. The Blood Wight Gu was one of the flying zombies, of course it could fly!


 First gen Gu Yue’s eyes burnt with raging flames as he opened his arms and showed his devious demonic claws. He spread both wings, rushing towards the sky. With a boom, he collided with Lord Sky Crane who was in the air.


 The two had almost equal strength, and after retreating for a distance, they stabilized themselves and attacked once again.


 Boom boom boom....


 The two engaged in aerial combat, their bodies colliding constantly. The power of Rank five was fully displayed, as the aftermath of their conflicts resulted in numerous bamboo buildings collapsing.


 After a while, First gen Gu Yue shouted loudly, his body covered in blood shadows, as his attacks became several times more ruthless.


 Lord Sky Crane’s eyes glowed with light, attacking like the slashing of a flying blade, or the piercing of an immortal sword, breaking the shadows one by one.


 First gen Gu Yue breathed out a bloody mist again, prompting Lord Sky Crane to activate his Gu worm which formed a light barrier, blocking the blood mist from invading.


 After a while, Lord Sky Crane was after all a dying old man, his elderly body weak, and thus his strength fell, slowly getting overpowered by First gen Gu Yue, falling into a disadvantage.


 "After hundreds of years, you did not improve one bit!" First gen Gu Yue laughed loudly and mocked.


 "God damn scoundrel!" Lord Sky Crane scolded in rage; he did not expect First gen Gu Yue to be so strong, be it the blood guillotine or the bladewing blood bat Gu — they were supposed to be his.


 Thinking so, he got even more furious.


 "Hmph, it’s time to use my trump card!" Lord Sky Crane snorted secretly, his white eyebrows raising lightly, transforming.


 His eyebrows grew frantically, becoming two thick bushes over tens of metres, one left and one right like snakes coming out of their dens, moving quickly and coiling around First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue struggled to no avail, his claws unceasingly attacking. These eyebrows looked fragile but were stronger than steel, and also malleable. Once restrained, it was like the roots of an old tree.


 "It is actually the Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu!" First gen Gu Yue’s tone changed for the first time, shocked and furious.


 This Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu did not use ordinary qi, but primeval energy. Using the primeval essence in the Gu Master’s aperture, and sending it out as primeval energy, this Gu was uncommon as it had a lose-lose type of usage.


 By using this Gu now, not only was First gen Gu Yue’s primeval essence rapidly expended, but so was Lord Sky Crane’s.


 Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu was like a bridge, connecting the two’s aperture, causing primeval essence to be expended. It was often used by high ranking Gu Masters to bully the weak. Once used on someone stronger, it was akin to courting death.


 But this situation was different.


 Lord Sky Crane and First gen Gu Yue were both Rank five peak stage, but First gen Gu Yue turned into a zombie and his aperture was dead, thus he was unable to recover natural primeval essence. Although Lord Sky Crane was dying of old age and barely had any lifespan, his aperture was full of life, and his primeval essence could still recover. This attacked First gen Gu Yue’s greatest weakness.


 Lord Sky Crane’s primeval essence was still recovering, but in First gen Gu Yue’s aperture, his primeval essence would only go down and not up.


 First gen Gu Yue desperately retreated, but the white eyebrows extended with him as if they were endless, and at the same time Lord Sky Crane was moving closer as well.


 First gen Gu Yue howled, willing in his mind and calling the blood guillotine and bladewing blood bat Gu in attempt to cut the white eyebrows, but it had no effect. The whitebrows were extremely strong, and even if a few were cut, they would reconnect themselves.


 His primeval essence continued to decrease, and if this went on, First gen Gu Yue was definitely going to lose. He was after all an ambitious man, forced to his wits end. He gritted his teeth and changed tactics, sending the blood guillotine and bladewing blood bat Gu towards Lord Sky Crane.


 Lord Sky Crane had to constantly sustain the Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu, and by being attacked like this, he could only use the light barrier and defend himself passively.


 The white barrier wavered and Lord Sky Crane’s heart sank, the situation was not looking good for him.


 Most likely, before he finishes expending First gen Gu Yue’s primeval essence, his light barrier would be broken through and he would get killed by First gen Gu Yue!


 Note: I am so sorry if the name "Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu" is dumb but there’s no other way to translate it... Lol.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 I have been very busy, but I’ve been working on TL with the time I had, and I’m posting this to tell you that on Saturday (GMT+8) I am supposed to post up to 199 by then.


 So I’m going to post the entire batch of chapters (193-199) up on Saturday so you may read the entire story in one go, instead of cliffhanging everyday. Trust me, it’s much better this way to read the entire batch. Also to some people: Yes the book is ending on Chapter 199, but there’s Book two after that.



***
Chapter 193: Divine investigator’s last move


***





 Chapter 193: Divine investigator’s last move


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 The Sky Crane Lord’s face turned malevolent and his two eyes glinted with ominous light as he suddenly threw down a rain of feather arrows.


 This arrow rain was not targetted at the First gen Gu Yue; First gen Gu Yue had already turned into a blood wight zombie, a being that possessed astounding defence and would be difficult to breach.


 The feather arrows rained down and instead pierced through countless of Gu Masters, instantly killing them!


 Along with this, two white lights burst out from Sky Crane Lords’s eyes. As two beams of light swept through the village, wherever they went the bamboo buildings would collapse and street pavements were disintegrated. Anyone that touched these beams of light would melt like the snow meeting the sunlight.


 When a Rank five Gu Master acts, he could instantly create huge casualties with every move.


 Miserable shouts, screams and cries of despair continuously rang in the battlefield like a medley.


 A feather arrow flower towards Fang Yuan, but he casually grabbed someone beside him and threw the man into the arrow’s path. The feather arrow pierced this person’s head and stopped. Fang Yuan then rolled, dodging a claw attack of an Ironbeak Flying Crane.


 There was very little that a Rank three could do against a Rank five. Even Bai Ning Bing was dodging nonstop at this moment. Every time he was injured, the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique would heal him, but this also brought him closer to death itself.


 Rank five Gu Masters were already at the peak of the secular world.


 "Stop!" The First gen Gu Yue shouted. As he watched the Gu Masters before him getting slaughtered, his heart felt like it was bleeding.


 He had a great conspiracy for establishing the village and spreading his bloodline; it was not simply just to hide his identity. The clan members were the fruits of centuries of planning. But now, as they were slaughtered by the Sky Crane Lord, it was akin to using up the First gen Gu Yue’s centuries’ worth of heart blood.


 Being left with no choice, First gen Gu Yue could only five up on Sky Crane Lord. He ordered the blade wing blood bat Gu and blood guillotine to fly towards the village, defending it against the Sky Crane Lord’s attacks.


 The Sky Crane Lord laughed loudly. The Blood Sea Inheritance was focused on attack and not defence — by doing this the First gen Gu Yue was giving up on his own advantage and using his weak point to battle.


 The Sky Crane Lord understood the First gen Gu Yue very well and knew his scheme. Thus he intentionally let these Gu Yue clan members go first, and then attacked them at this moment. Sure enough, he was able to escape from the perilous situation he was under while the First gen Fu Yue was troubled by trying to take care of the entire situation.


 "Not good!"


 As the situation continued to be in a deadlock, the First gen Gu Yue suddenly shouted. Shadows of iron chains had suddenly appeared around his entire body.


 These shadows immediately turned from virtual into reality, and formed into long iron chains. These chains were like snakes and pythons as they coiled around First gen Gu Yue, binding his hands and feet.


 A talisman paper also gradually appeared and stuck right between the First gen Gu Yue’s eyes.


 Bang.


 First gen Gu Yue was bound by the iron chains; he could no longer stretch his wings and thus he fell smashing down onto the ground.


 Such an unexpected scene not only shocked the First gen Gu Yue, but it also caused Sky Crane Lord to be shocked for a while before the latter started to laugh madly. "So this is the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu. Hahaha, I guess that so-called Divine Investigator wasn’t a good-for-nothing after all. My good senior brother, you are sure to die today!"


 These two great Gu were both the main Gu worms of the Tie family.


 The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu could restrict a Gu Master’s movement ability and thus let others trample upon them. The Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu was able to extract Gu worms from inside the Gu Master and seal them away.


 Countless numbers of demonic path Gu Masters had been captured by Tie Xue Leng through these two Gu, and now he had used it on the First gen Gu Yue.


 "When did this happen?!" The First gen Gu Yue was startled and also furious. He though back to the final scene when he had struck Tie Xue Leng dead.


 The copper mask had flown away, revealing a square face.


 Although his death was certain, there was no fear on his features. Two eyes shone with the vicissitudes of time and resoluteness as his bloodied palm struck lightly against First gen Gu Yue’s chest.


 However, the strength it contained was so minuscule that First gen Gu Yue had completely ignored it at the time.


 "So it was then! Damn it, I would have already sensed it if I had a living body. But though my zombie body is strong in both offence and defence, it is not sensitive." The First gen Gu Yue’s head was full of regrets.


 There were many shortcomings when turning one’s body into a blood wight. He should have already died according to his original lifespan, but he lived on by defying the heavens, so how could there not be any price to pay?


 "Hahaha! The Sky Crane Lord’s aura grew with his laughter, then he charged towards the First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue could only try to resist. Naturally, he fell into an absolute disadvantage.


 The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu not only bound his whole body, but the phantom image of the black iron chain also appeared within his aperture and sealed it.


 The primeval sea surged like boiling water and many Gu worms flew around in the aperture, resisting the suppression of the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu.


 With this, the First gen Gu Yue’s primeval essence expenditure became extremely huge.


 "Your defeat is certain, accept your death!" Sky Crane Lord’s attacks came nonstop, like he had fallen into madness.


 First gen Gu Yue’s head was riddled with injuries, while his pale ribs were exposed and his two arms severed from the shoulders by the Sky Crane Lord.


 When it seemed that Sky Crane Lord was going to really kill him, the First gen Gu Yue suddenly opened his mouth and gave an unearthly cry.


 "Yannngggg—!"


 Extremely ear-piercing sound waves concentrated and instantly struck the Sky Crane Lord.


 When Sky Crane Lord heard this sound, he felt like he had just met with an enormous attack, and he was sent flying dozens of steps away, his white eyebrows even pulled tight and straight. After that, he rapidly fell down to the ground.


 Blood started flowing out of his eyes, nose, ears and mouth. The lingering sound was causing chaos inside his body, causing the blood to flow in reverse; he couldn’t move at all for a moment.


 Seeing this chance, many Gu Masters threw moon blades, water bullets and so on from a distance, but they were all blocked by the light halo on the Sky Crane Lord.


 Dozens of flying cranes swarmed at the First gen Gu Yue, but their iron beaks felt like it was smashing against steel skin and iron bones as they attacked the blood wight zombie body, and broke off one after another.


 A Rank five Gu’s defense was no small thing. Even if Fang Yuan used the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to saw at the blood wight zombie body for some time, he might not be able to cut off even a piece of skin.


 Right now, in this battle, only these two Rank five Gu Masters could threaten each other.


 Although they were in a very bad state, as long as their primeval essence didn’t end, others could only look on helplessly.


 Sky Crane Lord saw that the flying cranes were unable to accomplish anything, while the flying crane king was fighting with the blood river python far away. As for himself, he was unable to move anything other than his eyes properly due to his qi and blood being in conflict. He concentrated his mind on the Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu, greatly accelerating the primeval essence consumption.


 First gen Gu Yue was on the verge of death!


 The primeval essence in his primeval sea quickly decreased and once it was completely used up, his Gu worms would have no primeval essence to resist the suppression of the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu. Once this happened, Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu would start extracting the Gu worms and sealing them. That would truly be the end!


 First gen Gu Yue shouted in panic, "Quick, lend me a hand! Grab the eyebrows and activate your primeval essence."


 "Let’s help!"


 "Help the first ancestor!!"


 "Let’s go."


 A large group of Gu Masters went to help - not only from Gu Yue clan, but even Bai and Xiong clan.


 Even First gen Gu Yue was not able to cut apart these white eyebrows, so there was no way these Gu Masters’ methods would work. They could only do as First gen Gu Yue said, stretching their hands and grabbing the white eyebrows.


 They had just touched the white eyebrows, when some of the eyebrows split up and coiled around their wrists, arms and then finally extended to their bodies.


 "Ahh....." Miserable shrieks echoed in succession.


 How could a rank two Gu Master’s primeval essence fight against a Rank five primeval essence? In a short while, their primeval essence was consumed clean, their primeval sea was empty, their apertures completely dried up; their apertures started to crack, before finally crumbling and collapsing.


 The aperture was the most vital part in a human body, even more important than heart. Once the aperture broke, many Gu Masters’ eyes would roll and lose their lives on the spot.


 "Fuck!" First gen Gu Yue cursed in anger. The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu was tightening up, piercing into the skin and flesh; the bones were starting to make cackling sounds.


 It was reasonable to say that with Tie Xue Leng’s death, this Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu couldn’t get primeval essence from its Gu Master and shouldn’t have been able to activate. However, it had been infected by the berserk blood Gu, and thus it could absorb the primeval essence in the air. Also, Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu was Tie Xue Leng’s Gu, so it contained Tie Xue Leng’s will to subdue First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue’s primeval essence was depleting quickly, and he would not be able to bear it much longer.


 Many Gu Masters that were rushing to provide assistance, saw this and couldn’t help but slow down.


 "What are you afraid of? If the first ancestor loses, we will also die! Are you hoping that you will be spared?" Fang Yuan shouted; he hurried to the side of First gen Gu Yue and grabbed the white eyebrows.


 The Thousand Li Earthwolf spider had already died, and the enemy had flying cranes that could fly around to pursue and attack. There was no hope for him if he tried to escape alone.


 On the contrary, if he helped First gen Gu Yue and the two sides fought each other to death, he might be able to reap some benefits.


 The white eyebrows firmly locked onto Fang Yuan’s wrists, then it followed to his arms and creeped along like a vine towards his waist. The snow silver primeval essence in his aperture was being quickly consumed, but Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and persevered.


 His actions served as an example. Other Gu Masters were spurred and rushed forth in succession.


 "Let’s do this together, we might have a chance at life!"


 "That’s right, there is strength in numbers!!"


 "Sigh, what else can we do, we can only stake our lives."


 Countless hands touched the white eyebrows; Gu Masters kept on dying and many other Gu Masters kept on filling the gaps to add in to the consumption.


 "Hahaha, fighting against a Rank five, how brilliant and interesting!" Bai Ning Bing also stepped forward.


 "Life or death will be decided by this." Xiong Jiao Man similarly stood up.


 Fang Zheng was nowhere to be seen; he was lost in the wild and hadn’t escaped back to the village. Whether he lived or had died, no one could be sure, but everything bode ill for him.


 Time seemed to be passing very slowly at this moment, becoming unendurable.


 As time passed, many Gu Masters died. Some Gu Masters directly attacked Sky Crane Lord, but the white halo around him stood as steady as Mt. Tai.


 Only Rank three Gu Masters could hold their grounds in this consumption face off.


 Many Gu Masters’ confidence started shaking and they were beginning to hesitate.


 Both sides were locked up in deadlock. Sky Crane Lord smiled grimly and said, "My victory is certain, you will all die!"


 There was too big a gap between Rank three and Rank five. Rank fours would have been able to affect the situation, but the three Rank four clan leaders were already killed by Sky Crane Lord.


 First gen Gu Yue was bound by the iron chains while the white eyebrows had also coiled up around him and the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu on his forehead was swaying; there was already very few primeval essence left in his aperture.


 Suddenly the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu let out a faint yellow light and slowly extracted a ball of yellow light from First gen Gu Yue’s aperture.


 This yellow light was bigger than a fist but smaller than a basin. It slowly floated down on the ground, and only a faint glimmer of the yellow light remained.


 A Gu that looked like a crystal skull showed up. The Gu was like a skull of a child that could fit on a palm, and the skull was like a crystal filled with reddish bloodstripes.


 "Blood Skull Gu! After hundreds of years, I finally get to see you again!" Sky Crane Lord looked on from a distance and wept tears of joy; he was extremely moved.


 Note: ‘Problem Nipped in the Bud’ Gu - The name of this Gu is an idiom that means: Solving the problem from the roots itself.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Hey guys! So I stayed up and it’s 6am now... ah, I’ll post the rest when I’m awake. Here’s two chapters first. Also QI told me not to post too many in one go for traffic purposes lol... so I will make a tiny bit of intervals in each two-three. Like 2-3 hours maybe? See how it goes after I wake up.



***
Chapter 194: Blood Curtain Skyflower


***





 Chapter 194: Blood Curtain Skyflower


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 First gen Gu Yue clenched his bloody fangs so hard that it made cracking sounds, but he couldn’t even budge, much less struggle.


 Suddenly, another ball of light was captured by the yellow talisman and it fell to the ground, turning into an alternating black and white Taiji light sphere.


 Two peculiar Gu worms were circling and chasing each other within this light sphere. As the Taiji light sphere continued to rotate, they seemed to carry traces of great dao, shocking many Gu Masters.


 "What Gu is this?" Bai Ning Bing and many others were bewildered.


 "It actually is a Rank four...." Fang Yuan’s eyes focused in concentration.


 "Yin Yang Rotation Gu!!" Sky Crane Lord screamed, his face clearly revealing his shock. He remained stunned for a while, then he raised his head and laughed, "My good senior brother, I truly have to thank you for finding such a good Gu. Hahaha, you actually wanted to turn back into a human, but what a pity, for your plan has been destroyed by me!"


 First gen Gu Yue anxiously moved his legs and snarled; he had completely lost his manners. Whether it was Blood Skull Gu or Yin Yang Rotation Gu, they were both crucial to his plan that stretched through a millennium. Now, they were both sealed and extracted; all his painstaking plotting had almost gone in up into smoke now.


 Sky Crane Lord’s smile turned even more jubilant, his desire for vengeance was fully satisfied by seeing this expression of First gen Gu Yue.


 Another yellow light that was captured fell to the ground; it was a scarlet colored Gu and looked like a translucent water sphere.


 On seeing this Gu, First gen Gu Yue suddenly stopped his struggle; he was exulted. He opened his bloody mouth, revealing his fangs as he shouted, "Quick, destroy this Gu worm!"


 Several Gu Masters immediately moved forward upon hearing this and used their attacks.


 This Gu had been sealed by Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu, stopping the First gen Gu Yue from activating it with his thoughts. There was a layer of yellow light on the surface carrying an imprint; it could only be unsealed by Tie Xue Leng or by using some special Gu worms.


 However, this Gu was an expendable Gu and was special as it needed to be destroyed to be activated.


 Several Gu Masters made their moves; the yellow light imprint was only a sealing Gu worm and didn’t have any defensive powers. After several attacks, the yellow light imprint collapsed, destroying the sealed Gu worm along with it.


 Buzz!


 A soft cry resounded, and a blood light bloomed, suddenly expanding and turning into a spherical shield within moments.


 First gen Gu Yue was within the shield, while Sky Crane Lord was outside.


 The blood red shield’s range was six mu, and Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan were both within the shield, whereas Xiong Jiao Man and some others were outside.


 The most encouraging part was that the white eyebrows were instantly cut apart into two halves by this shield; with the disintegration of the white eyebrows, Fang Yuan and others recovered control of their bodies.


 "The aura of this shield reaches Rank five, but why does it resemble the Water Curtain Skyflower Gu?" Fang Yuan was bewildered; he had never seen this Gu before.


 Sky Crane Lord was separated by this shield, and he staggered up before laughing coldly, "Senior brother, such a good move, you are actually able to counterattack and break my Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu. It’s a pity such a trifle defense won’t work against me, you are just prolonging your imminent defeat by doing this!"


 First gen Gu Yue instead laughed loudly, "Junior brother, how about testing it yourself?"


 "That’s my intention!" Killing intent flashed in Sky Crane Lord’s eyes; countless flying cranes and feather arrows shot towards the shield, while his eyes also sent out the white beams at the same time.


 However, the blood shield was still unshakeable and was as stable as before.


 Sky Crane Lord’s face turned extremely dark as he stopped his attacks, "What Gu is this?"


 Gu Yue first threw his head back and laughed, "Let me teach you, this is my personally fused gu: Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu. The Water Curtain Skyflower Gu - a Rank four gu - can block Rank five Gu attacks. This Gu is at Rank five and has even more powerful defense. Water Curtain Skyflower Gu prevents its owner from going in and out; but this Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu lets me go out. Junior brother, don’t be impatient, you can attack slowly, use all your strength. Just wait till I recover, then I’ll come out and cut your dog head, ahhaha!"


 "You thief, keep on boasting!" Sky Crane Lord was in turmoil; he had everything in his grasp before, but to think First gen Gu Yue was able to recover some ground and the situation turned into a deadlock again.


 He attacked madly and extremely fiercely, killing all the Gu Masters outside the shield including Xiong Jiao Man.


 However, inside the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu, all was calm and quiet. The blood shield was as stable as Mt. Tai, and the group of Gu Masters inside the shield were relieved.


 "First ancestor is indeed an unrivalled hero!"


 "We are finally saved. The first ancestor will show his divine might and this person will definitely be defeated."


 "Hu, this is the strength of Rank five Gu Master? I am actually still alive in front of such strength!"


 The Gu Masters cheered and shouted.


 On the contrary, Bai Ning Bing snorted; his death was certain due to the Ten extreme aptitude, but this deadlock decreased the splendor of it and he was not happy about it.


 Sky Crane Lord kept on attacking for a long while with no results. At one moment, he suddenly stopped as if he had woken up.


 First gen Gu Yue’s words were meant to incite him into attacking the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu and wasting his primeval essence. If he wasn’t wrong, this Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu had the same effect as Water Curtain Skyflower Gu. Its fusion price was extremely high and belonged to one time use expendable category, but it had a high defense, albeit with a set duration. It would automatically dissipate after a certain amount of time.


 At this thought, Sky Crane Lord sat cross-legged, then took out two primeval stones and pinched them, starting to recover his primeval essence.


 "Lend me a hand, you will only have a chance at life by helping me. Primeval stones, I need a large number of them!" First gen Gu Yue shouted - the surrounding Gu Masters immediately took out primeval stones and piled them around him.


 First gen Gu Yue opened his bloody mouth wide and breathed in deeply, sucking the primeval stones into his mouth.


 Crack, he chewed the primeval stones; large amounts of natural primeval essence poured into his aperture.


 On seeing this, the Sky Crane Lord became anxious and started shouting, "Don’t give them to him, you morons! Once he recovers his movement, he will kill you all and use your blood to upgrade his aptitude. You are causing your own doom!"


 "Hmph, using such a low level tactic to sow distrust, so ridiculous!"


 "Quick, this old thief is telling us not to give it, so we need to give even more primeval stones."


 "Everything depends on lord ancestor!"


 Gu Masters provided the primeval stones generously and soon, great quantities of primeval stones entered First gen Gu Yue’s mouth. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing watched indifferently from the side.


 A normal body wouldn’t be able to endure such a large amount of primeval essence pouring into them, but First gen Gu Yue’s blood wight zombie body was powerful and strong. The primeval essence in his primeval sea began to rise rapidly.


 The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu was becoming weaker, and after quite a while, it turned into a pool of blood; it had thoroughly died out.


 With the bindings gone, First gen Gu Yue gave a long roar and activated his blood wight vital Gu. Great quantities of blood were absorbed into his body, and within moments, his powerful arms grew back again with claws as sharp as a knife.


 He gave a hearty laugh then stood up.


 At this exact moment, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu on his forehead also turned into a pool of blood and completely dissipated.


 "It seems the heavens do not want me dead!" First gen Gu Yue threw his head back and laughed.


 "We ask first ancestor to behead this old thief!"


 "Once the lord ancestor makes his move, he will definitely succeed."


 The group of Gu Masters was elated.


 First gen Gu Yue’s laughter gradually stopped, and fire burned in his eyes as he spoke unhurriedly, "I will, of course, kill my enemy. But before killing him, I still have something I need to do."


 "Not good." Fang Yuan’s heart suddenly jumped when he heard the tone of the voice, and he discreetly moved towards the outer edge of the group.


 The people beside him were puzzled by this but they were still filled with high fighting spirit, "We are not sure what first ancestor has to do, but we will serve the ancestor to the best of our abilities!"


 First gen Gu Yue threw his head back and cackled with laughter, "Haha, the thing I need to do is to take your lives!"


 "What?!" The crowd turned pale with shock.


 First gen Gu Yue, however, didn’t hesitate to make his move.


 Squelch, his claw immediately pierced through a Rank three Gu Master near him. When he took back his palm, there was a pulsing heart on it.


 This Gu Master was a Gu Yue clan member, and his expression was one of disbelief at this moment. He gave a loud scream, blood spurting out like a fountain as he fell down with his head facing up.


 "Good blood, it can’t be wasted," First gen Gu Yue exclaimed. With a shift of his mind, the Blood Skull Gu flew up and made one round around this Gu Master’s body.


 The Gu Master’s corpse twitched, and all the blood in him was extracted by the Blood Skull Gu, entering into its two empty eye sockets.


 After the Blood Skull Gu drank its fill, the blood stripes on its crystal skull turned even brighter.


 "First ancestor, you?!" As the group retreated with all their might, someone cried out.


 "Noisy!" First gen Gu Yue’s figure flashed and appeared in front of this person, slashing his body into two with a knife. Blood spurted out and was absorbed by the Blood Skull Gu.


 "First ancestor, you ungrateful beast, if not for our primeval stones, how could you have any fighting strength left?!"


 "This first ancestor is no decent person, everyone lets attack together and kill him!"


 "That’s right, there is power in numbers....ahh!"


 A bloody massacre unfolded. First gen Gu Yue was a peak Rank five and he had completely recovered his primeval essence. These Gu Masters were just Rank one, Rank two or at most Rank three, so how could they be his match?


 And this Blood Curtain Skyflower separated inside from outside, forming a sealed space. Only its master, First gen Gu Yue could go out. But once he exited, he couldn’t enter again; he would have to destroy the Blood Curtain Skyflower or wait for it to dissipate.


 The group of Gu Masters weren’t able to escape, they tried fighting but were utterly defeated and killed by First gen Gu Yue.


 Except for Bai clan’s and Xiong clan’s Gu Masters, he killed every Gu Yue clansmen and used the Blood Skull Gu to absorb the blood. After killing several hundreds, the Rank four Blood Skull Gu was glistening red, as it had reached the limit of what it could absorb.


 First gen Gu Yue laughed loudly and summoned the Blood Skull Gu; the Blood Skull Gu came towards him and floated above his head.


 "This day, this moment, my centuries of arduous planning has finally come to fruition!" He let out a long exhalation of relief. At this moment, the Blood Skull Gu opened its tightly shut mouth and threw up a blood fountain.


 The blood fountain didn’t have the fishy odor of blood, but instead let out a sweet relaxing fragrance.


 This blood fountain poured from above First gen Gu Yue and completely soaked him.


 However, what was strange and mysterious was that not even a drop of the blood fountain sprayed on the ground. All of the blood stuck to First gen Gu Yue’s body, then slowly seeped inside, finally reaching the aperture.


 First gen Gu Yue stood on the spot; he was silent and his head was down as he appreciated this moment. Suddenly, he burst out with a crazed laughter as he spoke, "Kakakaka, my aptitude has advanced, my aptitude has really advanced!"


 The rest of the Gu Masters tremored.


 Outside the blood shield, Sky Crane Lord pointed at First gen Gu Yue and furiously shouted, "Return my Blood Skull Gu back to me!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Second chapter of the day.



***
Chapter 195: Then let me become a demon


***





 Chapter 195: Then let me become a demon


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 First gen Gu Yue laughed with even more joy; suddenly, he stopped laughing and turned towards Lord Sky Crane, speaking with a voice filled with hatred, "Junior brother, you never thought there would be a day like this, right?! We were both orphans raised by the master. But since young, master always pampered you more. Why? Isn’t it because your aptitude is A grade and mine is only C grade?"


 "Naturally, with your A grade aptitude, your cultivation progressed much faster. Did you know, with my C grade aptitude, how much sweat and effort I had to put in compared to you, just barely be able to match with your pace? Although we were called the Twin Cranes of Righteous Paths - you were always the main and I the second. You were like the brightest star, just because you were an A grade genius!"


 "Even your luck was good and you obtained one of the true inheritances of Blood Sea ancestor. Blood Skull Gu could purify the blood of the relatives killed and pour them into the aperture, upgrading it. Did you know what my mood was like at the time? I thought day and night, thinking of countless schemes. I knew the Blood Skull Gu was my only hope; with it, I could change my life, change my fate!"


 "But it is mine, MINE!" Lord Sky Crane was so angry that he stamped his feet repeatedly.


 "Yes, it is yours." First gen Gu Yue nodded, "Your aptitude is great and your luck is also great. Clearly, we started out at the same time, killing enemies together, but the heavens only appreciated you, giving you the true inheritance. Did you know, when I looked at your proud expression and listened to you talking about your future plans, when I was forcing myself to smile, I suddenly realized."


 "The heavens favored you, gave you A grade aptitude and the true blood sea inheritance. But what could I do about it? I was only an insignificant C grade talent, so how could I succeed just by relying on myself? I could only seize, rob! Change what wasn’t mine to become mine! The fate that heaven had planned for me was to let me bow under someone, making me a shadow behind others! But I am indignant, for on what basis did he put me below and you above?" First gen Gu Yue actually seemed to be weeping and whimpering at the end.


 Blood wight zombie’s appearance was extremely terrifying, and adding on to this strange sound, anyone who heard it would feel coldness seep into their bones.


 "Since the heavens don’t favor me, master doesn’t love me, other people don’t value me - I can only love myself more, I can only value myself more, I can only rely on myself more. I can only put in more effort, I can only take more risks, I can only exert myself more! Only then can I succeed! But the righteous path talks of moral codes, ethics, comradeship, qualifications, hierarchy. I am only a lone person, a nobody with no background, no talent and no resources. So tell me, how could I succeed?"


 "With the righteous path, I could only let myself be exploited and bullied, I could only look up to these young masters and geniuses. Even if I kept on increasing my qualifications until I got old, I would only achieve minute success. This is the righteous path... a bullshit path!"


 "Only by becoming a demon, forsaking ethics, comradeship, the social rules and paying a huge price, I could take another path among the thorns and brambles, a path that belonged to myself! So, I schemed against you, seized your blood sea true inheritance and became a demon. Haha, and a demon I became!"


 A demon I became...


 A demon I became...


 The voice reverberated within the blood shield.


 Outside the shield, Lord Sky Crane was in a quiet and sombre mood.


 First gen Gu Yue slowly stopped laughing then began killing again. Large numbers of Gu Masters were killed, their blood absorbed by the Blood Skull Gu and concentrated into the blood fountain, pouring into First gen Gu Yue’s aperture and raising his aptitude.


 The higher the aptitude, the more primeval essence could be stored in the aperture.


 As First gen Gu Yue killed more and more Gu Yue clansmen, his aptitude kept on increasing. After chewing the primeval stones, his primeval essence increased and his fighting strength became more powerful.


 Outside the blood shield, Lord Sky Crane was burning with anxiety, but the Blood Curtain Skyflower was like a deep chasm; he could do nothing but sigh. He had tried to prevent it, but he could only give up.


 As time passed on, there were only a few numbers of people left inside the blood shield.


 "Brat, you stole the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. I will give you a chance to atone for your crime, obediently hand it over and your life will be spared!" First gen Gu Yue walked closer step by step, his killing intent firmly locking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan knew the chance of his survival was scarce, but his expression didn’t change and instead sneered, "Only three year old children might be deceived by your bullshit. Hmph, I will destroy Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus if you come any closer. You should know that I have refined this Gu and can easily cause it to self-destruct with a thought. It’s up to you."


 First gen Gu Yue’s steps slowed, then he resolutely and quickly pressed on towards Fang Yuan.


 "Brat, you have guts and you are smart too. You are indeed my descendant, I will take your blood and use it to raise my aptitude. Of course, I won’t let you go. Originally, I used a blood type Gu to purify my heir’s blood lineage, to try and bring out a descendant with the Ancient Moon Desolate Yin physique. As long as I absorbed the blood of such a genius, I would be able to raise my aptitude sharply to 99% A grade aptitude!"


 "If it had been so, I could have let you guys go, but unfortunately your luck doesn’t seem to be good. Humph, the thing I hate the most in my life is being coerced. If Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus dies then so be it, but you are sure to die!"


 His words hadn’t even finished when the two wings on his back flapped, propelling him forward; in the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 First gen Gu Yue made a grabbing motion with his right hand; in that split second, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, and his hairs stood on the end as he retreated hastily.


 However, how could it be easy to dodge a Rank five expert? The blood wight claws were almost upon him, but suddenly an ice hand pierced in from his side.


 BANG.


 There was the sound of a collision, and the ice hand shattered and cold aura flew all over the place; the First gen Gu Yue had to take a step back.


 "Bai Ning Bing?!" Fang Yuan was shocked when he turned around to look at the person who had helped him.


 Bai Ning Bing took back his broken arm, and cold air blew out from the wound and instantly condensed into a new ice hand just like before. It was just that there was no flesh in the hand - he was already reaching the lifespan limits of his ten extreme aptitude.


 "To think that I can have a such a splendid death. It’s a pity I won’t be able to see the conclusion to this battle!" Bai Ning Bing heaved a deep sigh, then suddenly smiled and looked at Fang Yuan with his deep blue pupils, "Fang Yuan, you and I are the same kind of people. My death is certain, but it would be a real pity if you were to die too. So I will protect you, but I have a condition."


 Bai Ning Bing may only be a Rank three Gu Master, but as his death closed upon him, his fighting strength continued to grow steeply like a water fountain. The final hope to win against First gen Gu Yue was him!


 "What condition?" Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed.


 Bai Ning Bing stretched out his two arms like he was embracing the world. Clothed in a white gown, matching with his snowy white hair and sharp eyebrows, he said, "Live on for me and witness the myriad wonders of this world!"


 In that moment, Fang Yuan was emotionally moved!


 This man...


 Fang Yuan looked at Bai Ning Bing and he felt like he was looking at his younger self in his previous life.


 Bai Ning Bing’s words might sound like nonsense, but they were genuine. Maybe, ordinary people would never believe it, but Fang Yuan understood the profound meaning contained within these words.


 Bai Ning Bing was a top genius, his talent in defiance of the heavens and but his lifespan superficially short. He had already found his path, and found his faith. He wasn’t afraid of death but he was reluctant to leave this world.


 He had regrets, but under this situation where he had no other alternatives, he could only entrust them to Fang Yuan.


 "Oh, it actually is Northern Dark Ice Soul physique! Tsk, such a pity that you are not a descendant of my lineage, otherwise they wouldn’t have needed to die." First gen Gu Yue smiled malevolently. "But you want to block me by relying on this Northern Dark Ice Soul physique? So naive!"


 His figure disappeared and appeared right in front of Bai Ning Bing.


 BOOM!


 There was a noise of explosion, and the two had traded off a blow.


 First gen Gu Yue was forced back two steps whereas Bai Ning Bing’s whole skull and most of his body was blown away.


 But in the next instant, crackle, crack...


 Cold air permeated the area, ice and frost condensed together to again grow out the body and the skull - Bai Ning Bing was resurrected!


 "What!" First gen Gu Yue got the shock of his life. Ten extreme aptitudes were rarely seen and this was the first time he was facing one.


 Two people traded off blows again. In the end, Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation level was weak and was firmly pressed in a disadvantageous position, so the situation looked very bad. However, no matter how First gen Gu Yue killed him, he didn’t die.


 At this moment, Bai Ning Bing’s Northern Dark Ice Soul body was close to an undying body; no matter how severe the wounds, they would be frozen back to the original state in a matter of seconds.


 Gu Yue Bo was becoming more furious and also fearful, and he crazily increased his offensive attacks. Bai Ning Bing gradually lost all color of life, turning into a moving iceman. Even his white hair had turned into thin icicles.


 The time had finally arrived...


 Death was descending at this moment.


 "Infinite brilliance in the mortal realm, to the ends of the world the skies and seas stretch beyond. As the winds blow my ashes back to the earth, it is incomparable to the shining moon in the reflection of the water!" Bai Ning Bing recited a poem with a faint smile.


 Henceforth, his facial expression froze.


 There was a burst of cold wind and the fog like frost suddenly rose up.


 Crackle.....


 Large amounts of ice started spreading from under his feet, then the glacier rose up like the birth of a mountain!


 The surging majestic ice was like a landslide, like a tsunami, like a dragon rolling on the waves, as it crushed towards First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue let out a gasp and brought out all his strength to resist it. The red hairs on his head were all standing on end, mist of blood rising from all over his body, and large numbers of blood guillotine and bladewing blood bat Gu were sent to crash against the glacier in an attempt to slow it down even by a bit.


 In the end, he was still suppressed by the glacier, confined and engulfed.


 The enormous glacier filled the whole blood shield, but it didn’t touch Fang Yuan as he was in a small space left intentionally by Bai Ning Bing.


 Bang.


 The Blood Curtain Skyflower burst with a soft sound. With no hindrances, the cold air crazily flew around, and ice immediately condensed into a glacier which continued to spread.


 "It broke the shield of Blood Curtain Skyflower gu! Such power..." Lord Sky Crane didn’t dare face the glacier as he promptly took to the air.


 Under his astonished gaze, the glacier continued to spread and actually covered the whole Qing Mao mountain from the top of the mountain to the bottom. In this instance, the lush, thriving Qing Mao mountain turned into a sinister land of ice and snow.


 The icy ground under Fang Yuan’s feet continued to raise higher, he too was personally observing this scene.


 This thousand li glacier was the evidence of the fall of a young genius, and contained within it was Bai Ning Bing’s indignance and helpless sigh.


 "Not good, I need leave this place soon! Bai Ning Bing’s consciousness is weakening and gradually dying out, he is already losing the control of the glacier." Fang Yuan found that the space he was on was shrinking, ice continuously condensed and moved forward, compressing the space he was on.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 2 chapters and then the final round.



***
Chapter 196: Rebirth once more


***





 Chapter 196: Rebirth once more


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Fang Yuan immediately used the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, as well as the Blood Moon Gu, trying to break the ice.


 But the ice layer was way too thick, and the coldness was oozing. Every layer of ice he shaved off, two layers would grow. Fang Yuan was trapped in a desperate situation, without any way to free himself.


 At this same time, blood light emerged from under the icy river.


 There was initially a hint of blood light, but it soon spread, becoming stronger and stronger, until a blood coloured aurora enveloped the area.


 "Hahaha." With a long laugh, blood light rushed towards the sky as First gen Gu Yue broke the ice and escaped. Although he looked miserable, his tone was arrogant, "This Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, if he reached Rank four, he might be able to kill me. Sadly for him, he is only a Rank three peak stage......"


 Saying so, he turned his gaze to Fang Yuan within the ice river.


 "Northern Dark Ice Soul physique couldn’t kill you, then let me do it." Far in the sky, Lord Sky Crane flew over casually. The Ironbeak flying crane king he was sitting on, had already returned after killing the blood river python when they flew away earlier.


 At this point, in the entire Qing Mao mountain, only three people remained.


 Bai Ning Bing had already turned into the ice mountain, his consciousness expended. Fang Yuan was like an insect inside an amber, trapped within the ice.


 As for the two Rank five Gu Masters however, after First gen Gu Yue raised his aptitude, his aperture could store much more primeval essence. Lord Sky Crane had already recovered most of his strength after resting.


 The two’s gaze were focused on Fang Yuan.


 First gen Gu Yue wanted to kill Fang Yuan, to take his blood. Lord Sky Crane wanted to stop First gen Gu Yue, and he would naturally not restrict himself by protecting Fang Yuan, thus he could only strike first and kill Fang Yuan.


 With their natures, they would not tolerate a bystander. After all, what if both of them got injured, and a third person profited from it?


 Fang Yuan sighed. Seeing their gazes, he knew he was finished.


 He had lost the Thunderwings Gu and Thousand Li Earthwolf spider. Even if he had them, he could not escape from two Rank five Gu Masters.


 He only had Rank three peak stage cultivation, incomparable with Rank five. In this situation, he was like fish meat, easily cut by knives. And these were two extremely sharp knives!


 He could not beat them in combat, and couldn’t escape from them either, but Fang Yuan had a final move!


 That is — Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Fang Yuan’s mind went into his aperture. The light walls in his aperture had turned into a rough stone aperture.


 His snow silver primeval essence was about half left. The stone aperture no longer had recovery abilities, but Fang Yuan’s Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus maintained such a scene in his aperture.


 These were not important; he placed all his concentration on the Gu in the middle.


 His vital Gu, the Rank six Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Only by using this Gu could he travel against the flow of time, creating a new miracle!! Using an impossible method to change fate itself!


 Even then—


 Such a method, was extremely risky.


 The river of time is a forbidden area in the great dao, mortals are not allowed to traverse in it. Once they enter, it is breaking the rules of heaven and earth, and they would face divine retribution.


 Secondly, Spring Autumn Cicada had not fully recovered, so it was like a broken boat forcefully travelling in the river of time, he might capsize mid-way and sink.


 Lastly, Fang Yuan was only at Rank three peak stage. Activating the Spring Autumn Cicada now was like a baby using a sword, and he might easily get hurt by the sword.


 "Once I use the Spring Autumn Cicada, I will have to self detonate. Using all my cultivation and the flesh and blood of my body, as well as all my other Gu worms, as a driving force to move the Spring Autumn Cicada forward. Compared to my previous life,even if I self detonate, this force is too small, and there is a high chance it would kill me directly. But at this point, I have no other ways left, I am forced to use this Gu!"


 Fang Yuan was helpless too.


 Earlier, he would rather use the Stone Aperture Gu than the Spring Autumn Cicada, because of the great risk involved.


 Given 100%, there was less than even 10% chance of succeeding.


 Many times, when Gu Masters use high ranking Gu, they would face a strong backlash. Like Gu Yue Qing Shu, right now Fang Yuan could only bet on the fact that "Spring Autumn Cicada is his vital Gu".


 "Little rascal, hand over your life and contribute your blood to your ancestor!’


 "Lad, you are unlucky, you can only blame this despicable ancestor of yours. I will set you free from your misery!"


 First gen Gu Yue and Lord Sky Crane both attacked at once.


 Fang Yuan was forced to the cliff’s end, he could only jump.


 "Spring Autumn Cicada, do it!" His eyes glowed with wondrous light, as two green and yellow lights burst forth from his body.


 "This aura?!"


 "How can this be? A Rank six Gu!"


 At once, the two Rank five Gu Masters were shocked, but soon, greed emerged on their faces.


 "Kill him and take the Rank six Gu!"


 "This is a an opportunity from heaven, good lad, hand it over and I may spare your life!"


 Their speed was even faster than before.


 But at this time, a loud boom occurred.


 Fang Yuan self detonated!


 "What?!" Before his death, he heard the two Rank five Gu Master’s cries of shock.


 Legend says, the world has one long river, known as time! Humans were like fish in the river, and under the currents, the fish could only flow downwards. Sometimes, one or two fish would jump above the surface of the river and see the events below — this was predicting the future.


 Without the river of time, the world would be still, becoming a drawing. Only with this river can change occur, and the world can move, either prospering or withering.


 The river of time, with roaring currents. Every ripple was a story, an event that occured in the past.


 Under the turbulent river water, a tiny Gu worm was flowing upstream.


 It spread its wings, moving with difficulty. With the waves crashing against it, every impact could nearly cause its demise.


 It carried Fang Yuan’s consciousness and memories, while a yellow green light was protecting its body. It moved up the river shakingly, like a candle blown by the wind.


 Eventually, it could only move up a little, before the yellow green light dispersed. The Spring Autumn Cicada had reached its limit, and with a swoosh, it turned into a flash and burrowed into one of the ripples.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, his eyes having a tint of yellow green light deep within.


 This light flashed by quickly, and Fang Yuan shuddered.


 Consciousness and memories assaulted his brain, merging instantly.


 He succeeded!


 He was extremely happy, he had rebirthed once more!


 After sensing this, he immediately looked around, observing his surroundings.


 He found that his primeval essence was being expended as his arms and body were coiled by white eyebrows.


 Seeing once again, oh!


 So it was this moment.


 Tie Xue Leng’s backup plan activated already. First gen Gu Yue was trapped by iron chains, not being able to move. His forehead also had a yellow talismen, the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu.


 That Lord Sky Crane also landed on the ground, his body covered in a white barrier. He activated the Raise Eyebrows & Exhale Gu, trying to exhaust all of First gen Gu Yue’s primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan squinted. He was coiled by the white eyebrows, not able to move, thus he could only use up primeval essence and wait for a good chance.


 Under the effect of the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu, a yellow light flew out of First gen Gu Yue’s body.


 This yellow light was about fist-size, smaller than a person’s face. It casually landed on the ground, showing the Blood Skull Gu inside.


 "Blood Skull Gu! After hundreds of years, I finally see you again!" Lord Sky Crane on seeing this, was exhilarated and his expression extremely excited.


 Gu Yue first head clenched his bloody fangs so hard that it made cracking sounds, but he couldn’t even budge, much less struggle.


 Suddenly, another ball of light was captured by the yellow talisman and fell to the ground, turning into the alternating black and white Taiji light sphere.


 Two peculiar Gu worms were circling and chasing each other within this light sphere. It was the Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


 According to Fang Yuan’s memories, Lord Sky Crane shouted again, "Yin Yang Rotation Gu, my good senior brother, I truly have to thank you for finding such a good Gu. Hahaha, you actually wanted to turn back to a human, but what a pity your plan was destroyed by me!"


 Fang Yuan looked at First gen Gu Yue.


 Indeed, he was anxiously moved his legs and snarled, he had completely lost his manners.


 "Wait a bit longer, my opportunity is coming." Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, choosing to wait a bit longer.


 The third yellow light that was captured fell to the ground; it was a scarlet colored Gu and looked like a translucent water sphere.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped: "Blood Curtain Skyflower!"


 It was this Gu that changed the situation and allowed First gen Gu Yue to overturn the crisis.


 Blood Curtain Skyflower was created by First gen Gu Yue, Fang Yuan didn’t know it earlier but now he was clear of its effects.


 Indeed, afterwards, First gen Gu Yue shouted, "Quick someone, destroy this Gu worm!"


 Several Gu Masters immediately moved forward upon hearing this and immediately used their attacks.


 Swoosh!


 A soft cry resounded, Blood Curtain Skyflower appeared again, the blood color sphere shield isolating the two areas. Some people were outside, while some were inside.


 The blood shield broke the white eyebrows completely, and Fang Yuan and the others no longer had to compete with the Lord Sky Crane in primeval essence, thus regaining freedom.


 Lord Sky Crane was blocked by this Gu, hurriedly getting up and snickering continuously.


 After some conversation, he could not break the blood shield, and had to stop, asking, "What Gu is this?"


 Gu Yue laughed smugly, "Let me teach you, this is my personally fused Gu — Blood Curtain Skyflower. Water Curtain Skyflower - a Rank four Gu - can block Rank five Gu attacks. This Gu is at Rank five and has even more powerful defense. Water Curtain Skyflower prevents even its owner from going in and out; but this Blood Curtain Skyflower can let me leave. Junior brother, don’t be impatient, you can attack slowly, use all your strength. Just wait till I recover, I will then come out and cut away your dog head, ahahaha!"


 Lord Sky Crane was furious, attacking again, but failed. After he calmed down, he chose to replenish his primeval essence, waiting for the blood shield to lose effect.


 The Gu Masters seeing the blood shield being impenetrable, were overjoyed thinking their lives were saved, quickly flattering First gen Gu Yue, but only Bai Ning Bing snorted.


 First gen Gu Yue thus asked for more primeval stones, and everyone quickly contributed what they had.


 Although First gen Gu Yue was chained up, and could not move, his mouth continued to crush primeval stones as he recovered quickly.


 Sky Crane Lord seeing this, started shouting, "You morons! Once he recovers his movement, he will kill you all and use your blood to upgrade his aptitude. You are causing your own doom!"


 No one believed him.


 "Hehe, using such a low level tactic to sow distrust, we’ll laugh till our teeth drops!"


 "Quick, this old thief is telling us not to give, so we need to give even more primeval stones."


 "Everything is depending on lord ancestor!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Make sure to listen to epic music for the last 3 chapters~ Coming later.



***
Chapter 197: Changing Fate!


***





 Chapter 197: Changing Fate!


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Large numbers of primeval stones continued to be absorbed by First gen Gu Yue, as he chewed and crushed them.


 Bai Ning Bing watched coldly.


 But Fang Yuan moved; he did not observe but had a different choice than before.


 "First gen Ancestor, the situation is dire, I have the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus to offer!" He was filled with sincerity as he walked up quickly, a look of helplessness but determination.


 Gu Yue laughed heartily, "Very good, as expected of my descendant. Such filial piety, as your ancestor, I am very happy!"


 He had long wanted the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, and once sent two bladewing blood bat groups to chase after Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan escaped quickly and didn’t give him the chance.


 However right now he had no suspicions.


 Firstly, he did not fall out with Fang Yuan yet, and earlier he had lied that he was protecting Fang Yuan when he dispatched the bladewing blood bat group.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had taken the initiative to grab onto the white eyebrows and help the First gen Gu Yue in the primeval essence expenditure, causing the wavering people to make up their minds. Such a loyal performance, First gen Gu Yue still remembered it vividly.


 Lastly, under such circumstances, Fang Yuan could only place his hopes on First gen Gu Yue. Only then could he defeat Lord Sky Crane and protect his life. First gen Gu Yue did not believe that Fang Yuan would ruin his own survival chances and attack him.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan got closer, First gen Gu Yue laughed continuously, "With the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, my chances of victory is higher by 20%. All of you move away, and let him in."


 "Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus?" Outside the blood barrier, Lord Sky Crane was stunned and quickly shouted, "You mustn’t do it!"


 Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan got to First gen Gu Yue’s side.


 "First gen ancestor. I have thought it through! It was you who created the village, it was because of you that all of us descendants exist. Back in the day, you made such a great contribution to the village. Today, you even led our clan towards brilliance. The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus should be used by you, great ancestor." He was full of admiration, his tone excited and nervous.


 First gen Gu Yue nodded continuously, thinking: This lad is good with words. Too bad I still have to kill him later and retrieve his blood.


 But at this time!


 Fang Yuan lowered his back, striking.


 He grabbed First gen Gu Yue, using the strength in his waist to turn his body and moved both arms.


 He opened his mouth and growled, using the strength of two boars, expending all his energy to throw!


 Swish!


 First gen Gu Yue was thrown out of the blood barrier by him.


 Dead silence!


 At this time, it was as if time stopped.


 The outside winds blew relentlessly. First gen Gu Yue was smashed onto the ground, his red hair flying around in the winds as he stared blankly, having unable to react to what had just happened.


 In front of him, less than ten steps away was Lord Sky Crane.


 This old man was still furious and anxious over Fang Yuan contributing the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. He did not expect in the least that in the very next moment, such a drastic change would occur.


 He was stunned too, staring blankly at First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue was his mortal enemy, but at this point Lord Sky Crane was stunned, like he was still dreaming, not moving at all.


 In the blood barrier, everyone stood like a statue, silent and unmoving.


 Some people opened their mouths, so large that a fist could fit in it. Some stared with wide-opened eyes, almost bulging out.


 Even Bai Ning Bing lost his composure, staring at Fang Yuan in astonishment.


 Only when half a bamboo building collapsed within the blood barrier did everyone jolt awake all of a sudden.


 "Wha... what... what the fuck!" Someone swore.


 "Fang Yuan, what dumb shit did you do!" Someone pointed at Fang Yuan, his entire body shivering.


 "First gen ancestor!!" Someone attempted to pull First gen Gu Yue back, but was blocked by the Blood Curtain Skyflower.


 "Despicable thief! Lying to your ancestor, I will tear you to shreds!" First gen Gu Yue finally reacted, lying on the ground screaming.


 "Hahaha..." Amidst the frightened individuals, someone laughed.


 It was none other than Bai Ning Bing.


 He laughed till his tears came out, giving a thumbs up to Fang Yuan, "Interesting, interesting, truly spectacular."


 "Fang Yuan, are you crazy?"


 "Fang Yuan, you harmed the First gen ancestor, you plot even against the ancestor, are you still human?!"


 "Waaaaaah, Fang Yuan must’ve been bought over by that white hair old man. You spy, you traitor!!"


 The surrounding people pointed at him in rage, but Fang Yuan lightly laughed, "I am a Rank three peak stage, who dares to kill me? Who can kill me?"


 At this point, within the blood barrier, there were few Rank three Gu Masters. They had little primeval essence left due to the fight earlier, and they even gave up their primeval stones and could not get replenishments. As for the others, they were mortals or Rank one or two Gu Masters.


 Without the First gen Gu Yue, within this blood barrier, Fang Yuan really was unstoppable.


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed, bending down and picking up the two Gu worms.


 His left hand carried the Blood Skull Gu, and his right hand carried the Yin Yang Rotation Gu. These two were owned by First gen Gu Yue, but right now they had a thin layer of yellow light, sealed by the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu, unable to sense First gen Gu Yue’s desperate calls.


 But this seal was an obstacle to Fang Yuan as well.


 He wanted to break the seal and refine the two Gu worms. Forcefully breaking the seal however, will only cause these two Gu to be destroyed.


 This was different from the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu, as the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu had to be destroyed to be used. By breaking the seal, it was the same as using it.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious.


 He knew what would happen next. Both the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu would be corrupted by the Blood Frenzy Gu, turn into blood water and die.


 "Hahaha, my good senior brother, to think you have this day! Hand over your life!" Lord Sky Crane howled, rushing into the sky and attacking towards First gen Gu Yue.


 First gen Gu Yue was suppressed by the demon suppressing chains and could not move, thus he was a target board and could only take the hits.


 He scolded furiously, howling and struggling.


 Suddenly the iron chains turned into a puddle of blood water, allowing him to regain his freedom and he hurriedly flew into the air, crashing against the blood barrier.


 With a loud bang, unquestionably, he was blocked by the blood barrier.


 This Blood Curtain Skyflower was refined by him, and it was his greatest invention. It had superb defense, but once used it cannot be moved nor turned off. For him, he could only exit and not enter.


 "Little rascal, you will die a painful death!" First gen Gu Yue’s grievance and rage towards Fang Yuan was greater than anything, rising like a tsunami.


 Lord Sky Crane naturally chased him, laughing non-stop.


 First gen Gu Yue could only give up on the blood barrier and resist the Lord Sky Crane. He had eaten large amounts of primeval essence earlier, thus he had ample primeval essence. Even though he had the lower hand, he could stabilise his situation.


 "First gen ancestor, good luck!"


 "Lord First gen, we are cheering for you!"


 "Ancestor, you are our only hope..."


 The battle between two Rank five attracted everyone’s attention. Fang Yuan however, retracted his gaze and looked at Bai Ning Bing.


 This situation was like two tigers competing, while he Fang Yuan was a rabbit. Both the Lord Sky Crane and First gen Gu Yue were crafty old foxes. To wait for the two to injure each other and benefit Fang Yuan, such a chance was slim.


 No one was stupid, they would not let the battle adrenaline get to their head.


 Moreover, this blood barrier could only protect them for a while. Once the time is up, everyone inside including him would face the slaughter of Lord Sky Crane and First gen Gu Yue.


 He had already rebirthed once, thus the Spring Autumn Cicada had fallen into a weak state again, unable to be used.


 Right now, he could only try to get as strong as possible, exerting the greatest effort to fight for a chance to survive.


 Fang Yuan already had a plan. But in this plan, there was a person who played a crucial role. That person is Bai Ning Bing.


 The Northern Dark Ice Soul physique’s self detonation would greatly affect the battlefield. Especially when the two Rank fives were fighting outside of the barrier.


 But how was he going to convince Bai Ning Bing?


 Fang Yuan looked at Bai Ning Bing, and Bai Ning Bing sensed it, turning back to look at Fang Yuan.


 Among the people, they stared at each other.


 Fang Yuan in his black robe, with black hair and eyes, revealed a devilish smile as his lips curled.


 "I have a way to resolve the ten extreme aptitudes, and allow you to return to life." He said.


 Bai Ning Bing’s body shuddered, he obviously wanted to live. "What method?"


 However, Fang Yuan’s words changed. "But this method does not have much chance of success, it is highly probable to fail."


 Yet this made Bai Ning Bing even more convinced.


 Next Fang Yuan said his third sentence, "But I think even if we fail, it will allow your final moments to be as spectacular as ever."


 Bai Ning Bing’s was moved.


 Fang Yuan used three sentences and targeted his heart’s innermost desires, convincing him!


 He was also smart, and after thinking, he asked directly, "Then what do I need to do?"


 Fang Yuan’s smile disappeared. At the same time, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu turned into a puddle of blood water.


 Blood Skull Gu and Yin Yang Rotation Gu’s seal vanished and were about to fly away, but Fang Yuan grabbed onto them.


 He used the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. These three Gu were merely Rank four, they were immediately tamed. Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence and refined them, turning them into his!


 "What? Fuck!" Outside the blood barrier, First gen Gu Yue’s head hurt as he lost the connection with the Blood Skull Gu and Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


 He was beyond shocked, losing his bearing and rushing towards the blood barrier!


 "How can this be? How could you refine my three Gu worms so quickly!" First gen Gu Yue cried out sadly, attacking the blood barrier like a crazed man.


 Fang Yuan stole food from a tiger’s mouth. By taking the Blood Skull Gu and Yin Yang Rotation Gu, it was a fatal blow to the First gen.


 Everyone was shocked, taking a step back. First gen Gu yue was like a fierce beast trapped in despair, his eyes starting to burn with fire.


 But quickly, Lord Sky Crane’s attack came.


 "I want you to die, I want you to die!" First gen Gu Yue went frantic, attacking without defending, exerting all his anger on Lord Sky Crane.


 Lord Sky Crane was taken aback as he received some damaging blows.


 The two fought it out again, as the battle slowly reached its climax.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, saying to Bai Ning Bing: "Come, kill them all with me!"


 Before he finished, he acted. As the razors on the Chainsaw Golden Centipede moved, he slashed a Gu Master nearby into half!


 Blood Skull Gu!


 Soon after, Fang Yuan activated the Blood Skull Gu, absorbing the blood.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 And now, the finale.



***
Chapter 198: Ruthless in murdering people, cruelty exercised to profit from disaster


***





 Chapter 198: Ruthless in murdering people, cruelty exercised to profit from disaster


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "Fang Yuan, what are you doing?"


 "Quickly stop, the enemy is before us, how can we fight among ourselves?"


 "Stop now, otherwise... urgh!"


 Everyone was shocked. Fang Yuan was ruthless, killing another clansmen.


 "I am only killing Gu Yue clan people, outsiders fuck off! Otherwise I’ll kill you as well!" Fang Yuan screamed.


 Everyone was stunned, retreating steps away, not expecting Fang Yuan to be so insane.


 "Fang Yuan has lost it!"


 "He’s lost his logic, attack together!"


 "Indeed, if this goes on, even before the first ancestor defeats the enemy, we’d have been slaughtered by Fang Yuan already...."


 It was like Fang Yuan stabbed a beehive, causing everyone to stir, but no one dared to attack; most could only shout and encourage others to fight.


 "Hahaha, interesting!" Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, suddenly attacking and killing someone beside him.


 "Lord Bai Ning Bing, you!" The dying person was a Bai clansmen.


 "Oh no, Lord Bai Ning Bing lost it too!" Everyone shouted.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, looking at Bai Ning Bing, not expecting him to change so drastically.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed maniacally, "Since you can kill your own clansmen, I can’t lose to you. Sigh, since too many deaths have occurred, Bai clan’s future is ruined already, we can no longer be a village. The clan leader I’m indebted to is dead too, I might as well kill them now, and enjoy the fun."


 "Hehehe, that’s great," Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his body moving quickly, starting his slaughter.


 Since these clansmen were going to die anyway, they might as well die at Fang Yuan’s hands, contributing to his aptitude growth instead of First gen Gu Yue.


 These people in the blood barrier, how could they be a match for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing together? Especially when Bai Ning Bing who was nearing death, was much stronger and killed even more people than Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took the last hit and extracted their blood.


 After killing a hundred people, the Blood Skull Gu reached its limit, and the crystal skull started to turn blood red.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, activating the Blood Skull Gu, raising it over his head.


 The teeth opened, shooting out a fragrant blood stream, drenching Fang Yuan from head to toe.


 Fang Yuan enjoyed the discomfort and breathed in deeply, living in the moment.


 His black robe and hair together with his bloodbathed body, made him look like a demon straight out of hell. The surrounding people upon seeing him, were all scared and cried out in fear.


 "My aptitude really increased!" Fang Yuan’s aptitude was only 44% C grade originally, but after the Man-beast Life Burial Gu, it dropped to 43%. Right now, standing under the blood stream as it gushed into his aperture, his aptitude rose by 10%, going to 53%.


 "Indeed a great treasure, no wonder First gen Gu Yue treated it like his life!" Fang Yuan opened his eyes, nodding in satisfaction, starting another round of slaughter.


 The two caused much bloodshed within the blood barrier.


 This was a large slaughterhouse.


 "Fang Yuan, you mad and crazy monster!" Gu Yue Mo Yan rushed up.


 Fang Yuan dodged her attack and raised his Chainsaw Golden Centipede before throwing it down.


 The young girl was split in half.


 "Fang Yuan, let us go please, we’re your uncle and aunt!" Gu Yue Dong Tu and his wife kneeled down and begged.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, his left hand waving, and a blood colored moonblade shot out, beheading the two.


 Blood Skull Gu absorbed the Gu Yue clansmen’ blood, turning into a thick blood stream, pouring into Fang Yuan.


 "What a pleasure..." Fang Yuan closed his eyes, breathing in deeply, only to feel a warm feeling travelling through his body and causing his mind to become sharper, like he had been reborn.


 Aptitude rose again, becoming 63%!


 A Gu Master’s aptitude, 40-59% was C grade, 60-79% was B grade, and 80% and above was A grade.


 Fang Yuan had officially left C grade and become a B grade talent!


 "But, my cultivation dropped..." Fang Yuan opened his eyes, staring intently.


 Fang Yuan’s aptitude rose to B grade, but his cultivation dropped from Rank three to Rank two.


 Strange!


 First gen Gu Yue evidently retained his cultivation level as his aptitude rose, so why was it that when it came to Fang Yuan, such a thing happened?


 "This problem should be due to the Stone Aperture Gu!" Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Fang Yuan had used the Stone Aperture Gu to squeeze out all his potential, causing his cultivation to rise to Rank three peak stage. But this Blood Skull Gu injected the quality blood stream into him, raising the aperture’s potential and raising his aptitude.


 Undeniably, these two Gu clashed in nature.


 But Blood Skull Gu was Rank four, while Stone Aperture Gu was Rank three. The Blood Skull Gu ruled over the Stone Aperture Gu, causing Fang Yuan’s aperture to turn from stone back to light. However, the cultivation increase that the stone aperture brought was also disappearing, and even reducing his cultivation in the process.


 This change was something Fang Yuan did not expect in such a short time.


 But Bai Ning Bing was getting stronger, he killed everywhere he went. Thus, Fang Yuan was able to keep his strength and stop attacking, only collecting the bloodline.


 First gen Gu Yue who was outside the blood barrier, saw the people getting slaughtered and flew into a rage, screaming but to no avail.


 He spread his bloodline, waiting for hundreds of years. It was all for this moment, killing his descendants to raise his aptitude. After planning for so long, in the end, someone else benefited from it.


 "This lad, so young yet so ruthless, even more demonic than his ancestor!" Lord Sky Crane seeing this, was slightly shocked too.


 The slaughter continued, until six hours later.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation dropped to Rank one initial stage, but his aperture returned to being a light wall, able to recover primeval essence on his own.


 He was bathed in blood over ten times, and towards the last few times, the effect weakened. The first few raised his aptitude by 10%, but the percentage continued to drop with each try.


 But his aptitude had increased from the C grade 43% to over 90%.


 90%, A grade aptitude!


 A grade aptitude!!


 "Five hundred years of my previous life, I only manage to raise my aptitude from C to B about 200 years later through pure luck. To think that this time, I can benefit from a disaster and rise to A grade." Fang Yuan clenched his fist, secretly excited.


 Bai Ning Bing stopped his killing, walking over, "Next, what do we do?"


 In the blood barrier, only the two of them were left. The others, whether it was Gu Master or mortal, were all killed.


 Outside the blood barrier, no one was spared from the aftermath of the two Rank five experts’ battle.


 In the entire area, there was only the two inside the barrier, and the two outside.


 Fang Yuan looked outside, saying casually, "Next, we wait for First gen Gu Yue to run into defeat, and the Blood Curtain Skyflower to vanish."


 "And then?" Bai Ning Bing pursued.


 "Then?" Fang Yuan turned around and looked at Bai Ning Bing, then he smiled, "Then you can go and die."


 Bai Ning Bing was stunned.


 "Oh? What do you mean?" Immediately, his eyes squinted into a line as his blue irises had a dangerous killing intent.


 "The Northern Dark Ice Soul physique’s self detonation is extremely strong. Even though your cultivation is weak, and the chances are not high, it should be able to hurt Rank five experts. After detonating, are you able to control the direction of the snow and frost?" Fang Yuan laughed.


 "How would I know?" Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched. "I’ve never self detonated before!"


 "I know you can!" Fang Yuan laughed heartily, patting his chest. Unknowingly, the image of Bai Ning Bing self-detonating previously appeared in his mind.


 And that line—"Live for me, and witness the brilliance of this world!"


 "I will stay by your side. After you detonate, and when the time is ripe, I will save your life and cause you to resurrect," Fang Yuan continued.


 "What if you can’t?"


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed plainly, "Then you need to bet. When you detonate, I will be by your side. If you suspect my sincerity, you can send the ice storm to kill me. You must’ve noticed already. That’s right, my cultivation is already Rank one initial stage. By then, I will have no way to survive."


 "But if you believe me, then I could be lying too. Eventually I will not resurrect you, because I have no way to do so. Thus, you need to gamble — whatever choice you make, not just what you are thinking, but also what you are considering in the moment before you die."


 Bai Ning Bing was solemn.


 Fang Yuan’s words was telling him to gamble away. But actually, wasn’t Fang Yuan betting too? He was using his own life as the wager, fully dependant on Bai Ning Bing’s thoughts.


 "Hehe. So exciting. So very exciting! Then I shall bet on it, haha!" A moment later, Bai Ning Bing raised his head, laughing loudly.


 Fang Yuan did not care about him, but concentrated on the battle outside the blood barrier.


 As expected, First gen Gu Yue had the lower hand, suppressed by Lord Sky Crane.


 Although he replenished his primeval essence, he could not replenish it, so under a sustained battle, how could he compete with Lord Sky Crane?


 Moreover, Lord Sky Crane was clear of his methods, and he would not allow First gen Gu Yue to take back any advantage.


 "I AM SO FUCKING FURIOUS!" A moment later, First gen Gu Yue cried out, "Little thief, you destroyed my thousand year plan, I will spare you today. Someday, I will kill the hell out of you to appease my anger!"


 Throwing this angry statement, First gen Gu Yue flapped his wings and escaped the battlefield, flying towards the skies.


 "Don’t think of leaving!" Lord Sky Crane quickly turned into a flash of light, chasing relentlessly.


 Without their intense battle, this battlefield became quiet instantly.


 This was originally the best time to leave, but the blood veil aurora became a huge obstacle.


 Four hours later, the blood barrier was thinning, and was about to vanish.


 But at this time, a white light flew over, turning into the Lord Sky Crane.


 His body was full of injuries. A wound stretched from his left shoulder to his waist, so deep that his bones could be seen, overflowing with purple poisonous red blood. But his face was extremely uplifted, showing the happiness of getting his long awaited revenge.


 His right hand held a skull, a blood covered face, it was First gen Gu Yue!


 "He actually managed to kill First gen Gu Yue?" Bai Ning Bing showed astonishment.


 Fang Yuan laughed instead, "It seems this old fellow hates First gen Gu Yue to the core. Hehe, to kill the First gen, he definitely paid a huge price.


 While they were speaking, the blood barrier vanished, and there were no longer any obstacles between the two.


 "Little thief, quickly hand over the two Gu worms. I am still in a good mood now, I might spare your lives. Otherwise, when the blood barrier vanishes, you will all die without a resting place!" Lord Sky Crane flew into the sky, looking down and laughing loudly.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other before laughing lightly, not speaking.


 "Lord Sky Crane flew into a rage. "Good lad, refusing a toast only to drink a forfeit, you deserve to get killed!"


 Before he finished his words, he turned into a white light and assaulted.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed grandly, taking a huge step in front, "I was waiting for you!"


 Saying so, his body lost all color, turning into an ice statue.


 Cold winds blew, and as winds turned into a hurricane, frost and ice covered the sky and the infinite ice river appeared.


 "This is!" Lord Sky Crane did not expect it in the least that such a development would occur, causing him to be unprepared against Bai Ning Bing’s attack, and was sealed into the ice.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 One more chapter to the end of Book one.



***
Chapter 199: Walking towards their own destiny


***





 Chapter 199: Walking towards their own destiny


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 BOOM! BOOM!


 The ice glacier shook intensely as Lord Sky Crane carried out his attacks; he was about to break out of the ice layer in just a few seconds.


 "We can’t let this old geezer break free!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t speak anymore; after Fang Yuan’s shout, he resolutely self-exploded one of his arm, turning it into vast amounts of frost wind. The wind swept through everything, the glacier spread and the ice layer rapidly thickened by a hundred feet.


 Lord Sky Crane roared within the ice and started attacking in a frenzy.


 Bai Ning Bing exploded his other arm. More ice condensed and the glacier repeatedly pressed down on Lord Sky Crane, suppressing him every time he tried to breakthrough.


 Under Bai Ning Bing’s meticulous control, the ice moved like an army, firmly entrapping Lord Sky Crane. Lord Sky Crane may be a Rank five Gu Master, but after killing Gu Yue first head, he was thoroughly spent. He attacked again and again, but couldn’t break out in the end.


 "It is actually Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique! But if you want to kill me with just this, you can keep on dreaming!" He suddenly realized and immediately activated Life-retaining Jade Burial Gu.


 Green jade light came into being and covered his body. Then the rays of light turned from virtual to material, changing into a transparent jade coffin with Lord Sky Crane inside it.


 This jade coffin was abnormally hard; even after trying multiple times, Bai Ning Bing was not able to put even a scratch on it. In the end, he could only add more ice layers around the jade coffin, forming an ice peak that was hundreds of feets high.


 Fang Yuan had watched all this from the sidelines.


 "Worthy of being a ten extreme physique!" He was impressed even though this was his second time seeing it.


 Fang Yuan was standing right beside Bai Ning Bing. Right now, Bai Ning Bing had destroyed his two arms and was turning into an ice sculpture. Even his appearance was becoming indistinct as the ice slowly covered him.


 Both his appearance and his consciousness were slowly dissipating. Once his consciousness fades, he would be completely dead.


 As the ice layer started to spread towards himself, Fang Yuan was clear on what he had to do: It is impossible to escape by myself; I will be sealed and frozen to death by the glacier sooner or later!


 "It’s time." Immediately, he took out a pair of Gu worms from his aperture.


 One black Gu and one white Gu were revolving around each other in an orbit, forming a light sphere of Taiji diagram.


 This was the Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


 "Go." Fang Yuan willed it; the black Gu immediately flew out and merged into Bai Ning Bing’s ice sculpture.


 Fang Yuan may just be a Rank one right now, but his aperture still contained large amounts of Rank three snow silver primeval essence which he almost used up in activating this Gu.


 In the instance when the black Gu went into the ice sculpture, black light burst out everywhere; yin qi gathered from all around and formed into an energy vortex in the air. A completely new life force came into being within the ice sculpture, and started growing vigorously.


 The dazzling black light dissipated; the ice sculpture cracked and broke into pieces, which then flew scattered to the surroundings.


 A white gown, silver hair, intact arms, picturesque appearance with lovely blush on the cheeks; Bai Ning Bing broke free of the ice and came out!


 The blizzard came to a sudden stop and the cold air also completely dispersed. The ice layer stopped a few inches from Fang Yuan, he had lived through this near death experience!


 "I am really alive!" Bai Ning Bing was shocked. He looked at his pretty jade-like hands and then felt his whole body; his disbelief changed to ecstasy.


 "Hahaha." Fang Yuan laughed brightly, "I used the Yin Gu of Yin Yang Rotation Gu on you, this Gu can change yang to yin and give you a complete transformation. It is a Rank four healing Gu and has the effect of bringing the dead to life. It has a weak point though, and that is — the Gu Master’s aptitude will be lowered by 10% once it is used."


 Bai Ning Bing possessed the ten extreme physique which was a 100% aptitude. Now, his aptitude was lowered by 10%, and was equal to Fang Yuan’s 90% aptitude.


 This news, to others, might have been grievious, but to Bai Ning Bing, it was joyous news.


 "This feels great. My aptitude has been lowered, I no longer have the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. Haha, what does it matter if I only have 90%?" Bai Ning Bing started laughing loudly.


 Fang Yuan, however, shook his head. "It is very difficult to change the ten extreme physiques. Although this method lowered your aptitude, as you cultivate in the future, your aptitude will also recover until the day it turns into Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique again. When that day comes, you will need to use this Yang Gu - it will turn you around again and lower your aptitude by 10%."


 Upon saying this, Fang Yuan put back the Yang Gu into his aperture in front of Bai Ning Bing’s dead-straight gaze.


 "Yin Yang Rotation Gu all come in pairs; you have already used that Yin Gu, so only the Yang Gu on me will have any effect on you. Don’t even think of stealing it, I have already refined this Yang Gu; I can easily order it to self-destroy with just a thought," Fang Yuan explained.


 He only had Rank one cultivation now, but Bai Ning Bing was still a Rank three Gu Master; naturally he needed some ways to stop Bai Ning Bing from taking actions against him.


 "I see, Fang Yuan, you really planned it all!" Bai Ning Bing heaved a long sigh, "What do you want from me for that Yang Gu?"


 "Hahaha..." Fang Yuan laughed for a good while then turned serious, "Qing Mao Mountain has already turned into a desolate ice mountain. The three great clans along with countless living beings have all been frozen and will die within three to five days. Such a scene will definitely attract the attention and investigation of many forces. Moreover, that old man isn’t dead and has sealed himself within the jade coffin, waiting to breakout. We can’t stay in Qing Mao Mountain anymore, we need to leave."


 "But look at me, I only have Rank one cultivation now; I can’t even take out my Gu worms, much less leave by myself. Hence, I need to rely on your strength. This world is so big, so wondrous, and Qing Mao Mountain is only a very small part of it. Follow me as I roam this land, and witness the wonders of the world!"


 "It was like this! You really planned out everything. Humph!" Bai Ning Bing grinded his teeth. He was really happy but there was also some resignation now. However, as it turns out, Fang Yuan’s proposal moved him. "I can agree to you but I need to make one thing clear."


 "What?" Fang Yuan asked.


 "It is not me who is following you, but you who is following me as I roam the lands!" Bai Ning Bing’s red lips slightly raised with an arrogant smile.


 "Hahahaha." Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 "Then, where are we going next? What do you have in mind?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "Bai Gu mountain." Fang Yuan answered in between his laughters.


 "What’s so funny?" Bai Ning Bing was truly puzzled.


 Fang Yuan laughed until his tears flowed, "You still haven’t discovered anything wrong?"


 "What is there that’s wrong?" Bai Ning Bing raised his dark eyebrows; suddenly, his face turned extremely wonderful.


 Surprise, fear, puzzled, panic, shock, anger... all these expressions intertwined in her face.


 She looked at her round and full chest, and cried out with a loud voice, "I, how did I become a woman?!"


 The voice resounded throughout the Qing Mao mountain, shaking the snow.


 "Of course it would be like that! Yin Yang Rotation Gu - Yin Gu is used in male body, to turn yang into yin, and become a woman; likewise, Yang Gu is used in female body, to turn yin to yang, and become a man. Yin Yang Rotation, rotating yin and yang... what do you think it means?" Fang Yuan spoke like it was what it should be.


 "I, I... what the fuck!" Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan with a furious gaze and cursed. With this, she must now get hold of that sole Yang Gu.


 "Brother Bai, calm yourself, being able to live is the greatest fortune," Fang Yuan consoled her.


 "Fortune my ass, how about you try being a woman?!" Bai Ning Bing’s furious growl resounded within the snow covered mountain and glaciers.


 Two days later.


 The sun hung high in the sky; the ice was melting down and a stream of clear water flowed through the ice mountain.


 Crackle....


 The silence of the surroundings was broken by the cracking of ice; a jade light burst out from within the ice and hovered in the air, turning into a jade coffin.


 The jade coffin exploded, and Lord Sky Crane gave a long cry upon regaining his freedom and seeing the daylight again.


 This Life-retaining Jade Burial Gu was a Rank five Gu and was very mysterious. As long as the Gu Master had one breath of life in him, it could suspend his life and delay the injuries. Not only this, but the jade coffin it formed was extremely strong and could even be considered a defensive weapon.


 "Goddamn thief!" He cursed with a pained voice. Right now, he was both furious and impatient.


 Even after killing his lifetime enemy, the First gen Gu Yue, he couldn’t get the true blood sea inheritance; how was he going to answer his teacher when he returned?


 According to his memories, the ice layer where Fang Yuan was supposed to be was already cut open.


 "If only he didn’t get far!" He patrolled the surroundings hoping for a lucky break.


 He used his recon Gu and discovered many life forces hanging on to their lives in the depths of the ice layers.


 Living beings were tenacious and this tenacity could often bring about miracles. It had only been two days since this glacier covered these life forms, which was not enough to lead to their complete deaths.


 "Found him! To think he was actually hiding here, hmph, the most dangerous area is the safest place, right? This guy is really crafty!" Lord Sky Crane’s whole body jolted and became indescribably happy upon this discovery.


 He rushed into the ice layer and soon fished out an ice chunk.


 Within the ice chunk, Fang Zheng’s whole body was covered with a layer of moonlight from the Moon Raiment Gu. He was already at the edge of death’s door.


 Lord Sky Crane could swear he would never forget Fang Yuan’s appearance in this life.


 However, he was a Rank five expert and after closely looking at Fang Zheng, he was immediately disappointed. "This person isn’t him, only their appearances are similar. Sigh..."


 He heaved a deep sigh before suddenly becoming stupefied.


 "Wait a second, their appearances are so similar which means they are extremely likely to be twins! If so, then he is closely related to that little thief!" Lord Sky Crane’s dim old eyes suddenly burst out with a sharp gaze.


 With a close relative on him, he could refine the Kinship Blood worm!


 It was because of this Rank five Kinship Blood worm that he was able to locate the First gen Gu Yue among this vast world and its diverse life forms.


 "I haven’t completely failed teacher’s assignment. There is still some hope. This kid is my only hope. I must save him!"


 Fang Zheng slowly opened his exhausted and heavy eyes.


 "Where is this?" His eyes were still hazy and he could only see a blurry figure before him. At the same time, his whole body felt weak, along with an intense headache.


 The last thing he recalled was the three clans competition, where Ironbeak flying cranes covered the sky and everyone around him had fled.


 He had activated the Moon Raiment Gu and resisted against the flying cranes’ attacks. As the battle continued, a flying crane broke through his barrier and pecked fiercely at his forehead.


 He had immediately lost consciousness, tumbling down the cliff.


 "You are the elder standing on the crane?!" As he became clear on the identity of the person before him, Fang Zheng struggled to get up in shock, but fell down again before he could completely stand up.


 "Kid, you are still thinking of escaping in front of me, Lord Sky Crane?" Lord Sky Crane sneered.


 He sized up Fang Zheng once and said, "You could say that I am even your lifesaver. If not for me, you would have already frozen to death. I advise you to not move around randomly, don’t blame me if you fall down."


 Fang Zheng looked beside him and immediately got a great shock.


 There were clouds moving all around him, and he was standing on the back of an enormous crane as it flew in the sky.


 "You, who the hell are you? Where are you taking me to?" Fang Zheng cried out in alarm.


 "I am Lord Sky Crane, and we are heading to the Middle Continent."


 "Middle Continent?!" Fang Zheng shouted in shock.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 And with that, I have finally... finished Book one! I can’t believe it. It has almost been a year since I started... Thank you everyone for all your well wishes, support and encouragement ever since I started. I’m very grateful and happy to have made it this far with everyone.


 I know recently I have been busy as it is Chinese New Year + work period, some of you who have followed me long enough know that due to my work nature I updated in batches at one point. I apologize for the recent updates, it has been hectic. But I will always return the chapter I owe...


 I hope you all have greatly enjoyed Book one as I did. Thank you so much for reading.



***
Chapter 200: The raft overturns along the Yellow Dragon River


***





 Chapter 200: The raft overturns along the Yellow Dragon River


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Book 2: The Demon Leaves the Mountain


 The Yellow Dragon river is the third river in the Southern Border - it is over eight thousand kilometers. It starts from Mount Huang Guo, and passes through mountains and hills like Mount Xuan Ming, Mount Gui Bei, Mount Qing Mao, Mount Bai Gu and Mount Lei Ci before finally flowing into the ocean.


 If the whole Southern Border was seen through a bird’s eye view, one could see the Yellow Dragon river forming a zigzag shape as it ran through over half of the Southern Border.


 Several waves roared as they turned over, the violent waves rolling in an imposing manner along the river. It bore through the crack between the shores, and fog was raise up into the blue sky.


 The Yellow Dragon river flowed rapidly and unceasingly. Many creatures lived in the river - fishes, turtles, snakes, clams and other life forms. At this moment, there was a bamboo raft bobbing up and down with the waves.


 This green raft looked quite battered and seemed to be in need of repair. There was a simple and crude mast in the middle with a shabby white sail hanging on it. A pile of goods were put around the mast to stabilize the center of the raft. The bamboo were tied with hemp ropes and there were many loops around some areas; they were clearly hurriedly done as the raft sailed through the river.


 The bamboo raft flowed with the currents of the river, and every time the waves crashed onto it, the raft gave out a creaking noise which was far from reassuring.


 This bamboo raft which looked like it could break apart at any moment was carrying two youngsters - one had an ordinary face with black pupils and black hair, wearing a black gown; another was a woman with the looks of an immortal fairy, blue pupils and silver hair, wearing a white gown.


 They were Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 After the battle at Qing Mao mountain - Bai Ning Bing self exploding his Northern Dark Ice Soul physique and sealed Lord Sky Crane for the moment - they used all their strength to break out of the ice, then cut off some Qing Mao bamboos to make this raft before immediately hitting the road to flee.


 Fang Yuan’s thousand li earth wolf spider was already dead; and ever since Bai Ning Bing’s white form immortal snake had flown out on its own, there had been no news from it.


 With no transportation gu worms, the two would definitely be caught by Lord Sky Crane if they were to move on land as their speed would be too slow. Thus, Fang Yuan could only think of this method.


 Many tributaries of Yellow Dragon river flowed through Qing Mao mountain. Previously, the Rank five River Swallowing Toad had flowed with the main course of Yellow Dragon river and accidentally flowed to the foot of the Qing Mao mountain.


 The bamboo raft flowed through one of the tributaries to the main river course, and as it flowed with the river, its speed was naturally extremely fast.


 "It has been five days, it doesn’t look like that old guy will come," Fang Yuan mumbled as he stood on the bamboo raft and took a glance behind him.


 The bamboo raft’s speed could definitely not match the Ironbeak flying crane king. But the Ironbeak flying crane king would definitely need to rest and couldn’t compare with the bamboo raft which continuously flowed with the river. And as more time went by, Fang Yuan became more assured.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan recalled that Lord Sky Crane had returned alone after killing the Gu Yue first head. The Ironbeak flying crane king was likely to be already dead.


 The raging waves of the river bombarded their ears. Bai Ning Bing took a glance at Fang Yuan; she might not have understood the details in his words, but knew what he meant.


 She laughed loudly, "What are you so worried for! If that old geezer chases us, we will just fight to death. Fighting on this Yellow Dragon river will be extremely spectacular. Well, the thing is that if we die here, we will end up in the stomachs of some fishes. Haha, that sounds interesting too."


 Fang Yuan ignored her, instead gazing towards the distance.


 With five days of sailing, they were almost at the Bai Gu Mountain.


 According to his memories, there was a secret inheritance hidden in Bai Gu Mountain. The inheritance was arranged by a Rank four Gu Master of the righteous path, for someone fated to it.


 "I haven’t personally seen this inheritance in the Bai Gu Mountain, and have only heard about it. But it was rumored that this inheritance had some obstacles which required two people to coordinate to pass through."


 When Fang Yuan thought of this, he gave a casual glance towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Although they were travelling together, it was only due to the situation and the pressure of a powerful enemy. He himself was only at Rank one initial stage and absolutely needed help to roam outside. But with Bai Ning Bing turning into a woman, he had the greatest hold on her in the Yang Gu, giving her no choice but to compromise.


 After entering the Bai Gu Mountain, could they really coordinate with one mind? It was a big question mark.


 Snap.


 Suddenly, a muffled sound was heard.


 "Not good, the rope has come off." This sound was very familiar to Bai Ning Bing as she immediately shouted.


 The force of the river flow was fierce, and in these five days, who knows how many times the hemp rope binding the raft had rotted out due to it. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had made enough preparations before they had set out.


 "Quick get the hemp rope, I will hold it till then." Fang Yuan immediately crouched down and used his hands to hold the areas where the rope had come loose, preventing the situation from getting messed up.


 The river flowed fast and violently, it would take a lot of strength to hold the bamboo raft; Bai Ning Bing wasn’t qualified for this, only Fang Yuan who had the strength of two boars was.


 Luckily, this situation had occurred multiple times before and Bai Ning Bing had become more experienced in dealing with this; she quickly went to get the hemp rope tied around the simple and crude mast in the center of the boat.


 "Here, take it!" She rushed over and handed the hemp rope.


 Fang Yuan agilely took it and rapidly coiled it around the loose areas with sweat starting to drip off his head as he concentrated on the task. After coiling the hemp rope around the loose area several times, the raft finally stabilized.


 "This raft has already suffered a lot of damage, from the looks of it, it can only continue on for a day. We need to reach the shore in this duration." Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.


 Yellow Dragon river was not safe at all, who knew how many dangers were hidden within this raging river. If the bamboo raft fell apart in the middle of the river, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing would have no choice but to go with the river, with no way of telling if they would survive.


 Ta.


 There was a soft muffled sound.


 "What was that sound?" Fang Yuan immediately furrowed his brows.


 Bai Ning Bing listened closely with a doubtful expression: "What sound? I didn’t hear anything."


 Roots grew out from Fang Yuan’s ears, and almost immediately he heard the continuous tatata sounds. Along with the sounds, the bamboo raft also started shaking.


 "What is that thing attacking the bamboo raft from the river!" Bai Ning Bing cried out in surprise.


 A black ray flew out from beside the bamboo raft and brushed past Bai Ning Bing.


 This black shadow was too fast and couldn’t be seen clearly. Bai Ning Bing only felt her ear go cold, with some liquid flowing down her cheeks. She subconsciously wiped it; it was blood!


 "What the hell is this thing!" She cursed as she looked up, only seeing a spindle-shaped black fish falling into the river from mid-air.


 "It is the Shuttle Swordfish, damn it, we need to pull towards the shore immediately!" Fang Yuan shouted before pulling the sail.


 The Shuttle Swordfish had a sharp head and tail, whereas its stomach was big, just like a textile shuttle. They only appeared in big rivers or oceans, roaming and hunting in groups of hundreds or thousands. They were carnivorous and would often hunt prey ten times or even hundreds of times their size.


 Whooshh!


 The Shuttle Swordfishes shot out of the river like black arrows.


 The bamboo raft shook violently as many of the Shuttle Swordfishes struck it. Fortunately, Qing Mao bamboo was a top grade bamboo; it was very strong and durable. But as the Shuttle Swordfishes kept on piercing the bamboo raft from below, the raft looked like it would fall apart at any moment.


 The sail was adjusted to borrow the force of the wind, thus the raft leaned to a side and sailed quickly towards a riverbank.


 However, the group of Shuttle Swordfishes had no intention to give up. They scuttled beneath the river and attacked the raft violently.


 Crack.


 A Qing Mao bamboo was split open and a Shuttle Swordfish smashed upon the bamboo raft; its momentum was already exhausted as it landed beside Bai Ning Bing.


 Its head was like an auger and scales tightly covered its whole body, shining with grim light. Bai Ning Bing watched it struggling helplessly; after she had self-exploded, all the Gu worms she possessed had been frozen to death, while the Yin Yang Rotation Gu saved her but it didn’t have the ability to resurrect her Gu worms.


 Crack, crack, crack.


 Following closely, other bamboos on the raft started snapping apart.


 It was outstanding enough that the bamboo raft could even endure the first wave of attacks. But it couldn’t endure the second wave.


 The bamboo raft was damaged and was starting to sink under the river.


 "Quick, quick, quick!" Fang Yuan cursed as he protected the sail. If the sail was lost, the raft would lose the propulsive force; Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing would fall into the river, their deaths being a sure thing!


 The Shuttle Swordfishes prepared to charge in for a third wave of attacks. Large numbers of the Shuttle Swordfishes shot out like arrows, breaking the bamboos and snapping the hemp ropes; the bamboo raft was breaking apart.


 Sky Canopy Gu!


 Fang Yuan forcefully activated the Rank three Gu, immediately causing the primeval essence in his aperture to decrease in a terrifying rate.


 This was still under the conditions of him having 90% A grade aptitude along with Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 A Rank one initial stage’s green bronze primeval essence could hardly meet the requirements for the Sky Canopy Gu.


 Even if a white light armor took shape, it looked extremely weak and didn’t exude the aura of a Rank three Gu.


 Bang, bang, bang.


 A series of dull thuds issued as the Shuttle Swordfishes struck against the white armor; they were unable to harm Fang Yuan. Bai Ning Bing, however, was already injured, and was frantically avoiding the Shuttle Swordfishes that shot towards the bamboo raft. At the same time, she stood behind Fang Yuan, relying on him to block off majority of the attacks.


 The situation was very critical; the sail was already covered with holes and the speed of the bamboo raft continued to decrease. There was less than one-third of the bamboo raft left, and it was already sinking down with the water surface reaching the ankles of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 "Damn it, a Rank five Gu Master couldn’t kill me, but I am going to die by this group of measly Shuttle Swordfishes instead?" Bai Ning Bing let out a deep sigh.


 With another wave of attacks, the bamboo raft would definitely sink, and they would surely die after falling into the river.


 However....


 The Shuttle Swordfishes were delaying their attacks, causing Bai Ning Bing to hold her breath and watch tightly, seemingly on edge.


 "We have reached the shore, the Shuttle Swordfishes won’t swim in shallow water. Huff! We are safe for the time being." Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air. His whole body ached and was on the verge of giving out.


 He had almost no rest in the past few days, what with needing to control the sail and adjusting the direction of the raft from time to time. It had already taxed his body to the limits.


 Bai Ning Bing also gasped in the cold air, her white gown dyed with blood. There were many injuries on her body, but fortunately she had combat talent, and with full efforts on dodging along with the bamboo raft lowering the charging momentum of the Shuttle Swordfishes, she suffered only light injuries.


 Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing, and shortly after, intense pain travelled through his body.


 He was also injured, with the bleeding continuing even now.


 The primeval essence in his aperture had completely dried out within few minutes of using the Sky Canopy Gu. Without its protection, his flesh body naturally couldn’t resist the Shuttle Swordfishes.


 His original plan had been to sail for a day more.


 However, unexpected events can happen at any moment. Planning could never overtake the changes, and there was still some distance from Bai Gu Mountain, but Fang Yuan knew they had to pull toward the shore now.


 The sail was already useless. Fang Yuan had given all his efforts to steer the raft clear from the reefs, stranding towards a beach.


 The two splashed their way through the water and stepped on the soft beach; they had reached the shore.


 Bai Ning Bing covered her wounds and sat down on her butt. Her face was pale, "If this continues, I might die from excessive blood loss! Quick, bring out your healing Gu."


 Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile, how could he pull a healing Gu out of thin air?


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Hey guys. I am so damn busy lately, I have three projects I need to work on plus other side work, I really do try to work on this novel when I can. I owe you guys a bunch of chapters, hopefully this busy period will pass soon so I can work on the batch and post them. Anyway here is Book two Chapter one, please enjoy a whole new world that you never knew. Next chapter I will update as soon as possible! You can keep updated on the Gu Discord Server.



***
Chapter 201: Resting at the shallow beach while lending Gu worms


***





 Chapter 201: Resting at the shallow beach while lending Gu worms


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Five days ago, Fang Yuan rebirthed at Qing Mao mountain.


 Back then, he worked together with Bai Ning Bing in the blood barrier, and after his slaughter he obtained much post-battle loot.


 But these Gu worms all had injuries in them. For the past five days, Fang Yuan had been floating around Jiang mountain, so they lacked food and all died consecutively.


 For healing Gu worms, Fang Yuan always lacked one, and he did not find one he liked either.


 "A pity my Gu worms all died in the self-detonation. Otherwise, I would not be injured to this extent..." Bai Ning Bing sighed towards the sky.


 But Fang Yuan laughed, "Don’t be too pessimistic, not everything needs Gu worms to be resolved."


 "Oh?" Bai Ning Bing looked over with a questioning gaze.


 He saw Fang Yuan secretly activating his primeval essence, shooting something out of his mouth as a red light appeared. A flower Gu resembling a lantern, rotating on its own and floating in mid-air.


 It was the tusita flower.


 Fang Yuan willed and the tusita flower glowed in red as several objects flew out of it while wrapped in bright red light.


 There were bandages, medicine cans, and small medicine bottles.


 "Small medicine bottles contain powder that can disinfect and diminish inflammation, you just need to use a little. In the medicine cans, there is medicine paste that can stop bleeding and form clots. You should know how to use a bandage right?" Fang Yuan on saying so, split these items into two and gave a portion to Bai Ning Bing.


 "These are all methods used by mortals, but I did learn about them in the academy." Bai Ning Bing received them, pouting, "You sure planned ahead."


 Saying so, she then opened the large medicine can and a disgusting smell rushed up into her nose, causing her to jump back and scream, "Why is it so smelly!"


 Fang Yuan laughed, not replying.


 He took off his shirt, pouring the powder from the small medicine can, causing his wounds to feel a sharp burning pain like fire. Next he opened the big medicine can, where inside was the mud-like medicine paste that was a blackish green and smelled horrible.


 But Fang Yuan was used to it in his previous life, not even flinching.


 He took out a handful of blackish green paste and spread it on his wounds, his actions being extremely refined.


 Next, he used the bandage and wrapped it many layers over the wound, quickly taking care of his injury.


 Because of the medicine paste, the injury area felt a cooling sensation, quickly replacing the fiery pain felt earlier.


 "Your paste is quite useful!" On one side, Bai Ning Bing was still taking care of her injury as she gasped.


 Her robe was torn, and after applying the medicine, her breasts and nipples were almost exposed, but she did not have any reaction to it.


 While using the medicine, she even sighed, "Sigh, thinking about it now, if only we had a healing Gu, that would be great."


 Fang Yuan took a look at her before activating the tusita flower and taking out two sets of clothes.He had prepared sufficiently, having intended to leave the village in the first place, so he bought many sets of clothing. Plus Bai Ning Bing and his age were quite close together; as they had similar body size, his clothes suited her well too.


 "Take this." He handed a set of clothes to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing took the clothing, and chuckled, feeling slightly shocked, "To think you prepared to this extent."


 "Precaution averts perils on the safe side," Fang Yuan replied casually, taking off his remaining clothes and even his drenched socks, into new sets.


 Immediately, with new clothing, he felt much better.


 Bai Ning Bing also changed her clothes, throwing the torn white robe on the beach. But her expression was not looking good, for although they were out of danger at the moment, after changing clothes and bandaging her injuries she also noticed the changes to her body.


 "What do you plan to do from now? When are you returning the Yang Gu to me?" She walked up, frowning as she asked.


 Fang Yuan picked up the black robe and socks that he changed out of, "Didn’t I say it before, we are going to Bai Gu mountain now. As for that Yang Gu, at least wait until I am Rank three first."


 Bai Ning Bing frowned even more tightly, her pitch getting higher, "I have to wait until you are Rank three?"


 She had never thought that one day, she would get into such an awkward state. A proper man, transformed into a woman! After the crisis of life and death was over, this strange sensation entered her mind.


 If possible, she did not want to endure it for even a second more.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and looked at her, not speaking. He walked to the side of the river and used the water to wash his clothing.


 Although there were holes on his black robe, it could still be fixed, unlike Bai Ning Bing’s white robe. He did not know how long he would need to stay in the wilderness, so he could not afford to waste the clothing.


 Bai Ning Bing was a smart person, and Fang Yuan’s silence made her realize her true predicament.


 RIght now, she had Rank three cultivation but not a single Gu worm. Even if she had, she could not do anything to Fang Yuan. The Yang Gu was refined already by Fang Yuan, so as long as he willed it, it could instantly detonate itself.


 The Yin Yang Rotation Gu was a pair, and if it was destroyed, Bai Ning Bing would never be able to return into being a male!


 Looking at Fang Yuan’s back-view, Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, feeling extremely frustrated. To think that she, the Bai clan genius, had gotten into such a state, manipulated by others.


 This feeling caused the arrogant and prideful Bai Ning Bing to feel extremely unhappy.


 "Now we do not have a healing Gu, so if we get into danger, what can we do? The problem is not just that, but I do not have a single Gu worm with me, I have no fighting strength. No, I have to capture some wild Gu worms and refine them, otherwise I won’t even have any strength to protect myself!"


 Bai Ning Bing was rambling on when her stomach suddenly started growling.


 "Damn!" She held her stomach, feeling a strong sense of hunger, "Hey, guy who is washing clothes, take out some jerky, I’m starving."


 While floating in the raft for five days, they relied on Fang Yuan’s jerky as food.


 Although the jerky was tough, with the texture of wood when chewed on, it could fill the stomach and provide energy.


 Fang Yuan stood up, using his hands to wring the water off the black robe, shrugging it around before answering Bai Ning Bing, "Why are you so anxious? Hold this."


 Bai Ning Bing frowned, taking the black robe in reluctance.


 Fang Yuan called out the tusita flower again, taking out a bag of jerky.


 Bai Ning Bing grabbed it immediately, chewing on the tough meat. She chewed until her jaws hurt, but she was extremely satisfied.


 Fang Yuan looked at her, smiling. When did this Bai clan genius ever starve before? Thinking of his previous life, he knew exactly how she felt.


 Bai Ning Bing ate another piece of jerky, licking her dry lips, "This reduces hunger, but is way too tough. Sigh, having meat to eat, it is already a huge blessing."


 Fang Yuan’s smile became even more intense, for under Bai Ning Bing’s astonished gaze, he took out an iron pot.


 "You even brought a pot? That’s great. We can use water to cook the dried meat. We can just take water from the river, but we need firewood to start a fire, so we’ll have to chop down some wood."


 Saying so, Bai Ning Bing looked around, feeling troubled.


 They were at a shallow beach, with one side being water and the other being a tall cliff. On top of the cliff was dense vegetation, but there was not a single piece of wood on the beach itself.


 Bai Ning Bing wanted wood, so she would need to climb up the cliff and chop the trees.


 If this was back when she still had her Gu worms, it would be a piece of cake, easily done. But now that she had nothing, wanting to climb up this slippery cliff was too tough.


 Bai Ning Bing felt troubled secretly, but at this moment Fang Yuan took out some coal stones.


 Coal stones were better than wood, and Bai Ning Bing was naturally surprised when she saw this.


 Soon after, Fang Yuan took out some kerosene and flint as well as a metal rack. Soon, he set it up.


 On seeing this, Bai Ning Bing became serious, her blue eyes staring at Fang Yuan, "Your preparations are way too much, did you already have had thoughts of leaving Qing Mao mountain long ago?"


 Fang Yuan’s preparation was overboard. With him bringing even these things, the smart Bai Ning Bing found something amiss obviously.


 "What do you think?" Fang Yuan smiled, not answering her, but pointing to the metal pot, "You can go get some water now."


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth; Fang Yuan’s attitude was annoying her.


 She took some water, while Fang Yuan had already started a fire.


 First he got the water to boil in the pot, then he threw a bag of jerky inside. Soon after, the smell of fragrant meat could be felt.


 Bai Ning Bing sniffed, subconsciously licking her lips.


 Fang Yuan took out his chopsticks and ladle, and started having a feast with Bai Ning Bing.


 The cooked meat was soft and could be easily swallowed with a few bites, while the boiling meat soup caused the two to feel warm on the inside. The only problem was that this river water had some sand in it, giving a gritty texture when eating.


 But under such situations, having such treatment was already nothing to be displeased about.


 "I’m not that full yet, let’s cook another half bag of meat." Bai Ning Bing was not satisfied yet, saying as she touched her tummy.


 Fang Yuan immediately rejected, "No more, we have to conserve our food."


 "Why so stingy! See this forest behind us? How many wild animals could there be?" Bai Ning Bing said in displeasure.


 Fang Yuan gave her a stare, "Of course I know there’s animals in there, but that also means wild beasts. How many wild beasts can you take care of now? What if we meet a beast group? What if we get ambushed by wild Gu worms? Even if we kill the wild beasts, if their meat have poison, can we eat it? Can you differentiate between poisonous Gu worms?"


 Bai Ning Bing stood dumbfounded, unable to retort.


 Fang Yuan snorted. Bai Ning Bing was the Bai clan genius, so she naturally was full of utter arrogance, thus this was enough already. If he continued lecturing her, she would hit her limit.


 He sat down cross-legged, taking down the pan and hanging his black robe on the metal rack, using the residue heat from the coal stone to dry it.


 Fang Yuan continued, "It’s getting late. Let’s stay here for tonight and continue exploring the forest tomorrow. I specially chose this area with cliff on three sides, so there would be little wild beasts that can reach us, thus this is relatively safer. But we cannot be complacent, let’s keep watch in intervals."


 This was the benefit of having two people.


 Fang Yuan willed, and summoned the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and Sky Canopy Gu.


 "These two Gu worms, I’ll lend them to you for the time being. Get familiar with them," Fang Yuan said.


 He was only a Rank one initial stage cultivation, so it was near impossible for him to use a Rank three Gu worm. Even with A grade recovery speed and the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, he could not display the true power of a Rank three Gu worm. He might as well give it to the Rank three Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing received the Gu worm, looking deeply at Fang Yuan.


 Between Gu Masters, Gu worms could be lent.


 In the Gu worms, a Gu Master’s will resides. As long as the master acknowledges it, others can also communicate with the Gu worm and use their powers. Of course, it is not as convenient as a Gu worm one refines personally.


 Also, as long as the original owner wills it and changes his mind, the others would immediately lose their ability to command the Gu worm.


 But even so, Gu Masters rarely lent their Gu worms to others.


 Although they were forced by the situation, Fang Yuan’s actions were extremely unrestrained and this caused Bai Ning Bing to become alert.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Two chaps today. I’ll post more tomorrow x_x) Busy busy week and weekend.



***
Chapter 202: Crocodile killing intent, a young girl’s sorrowful call


***





 Chapter 202: Crocodile killing intent, a young girl’s sorrowful call


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "Chainsaw Golden Centipede...." Bai Ning Bing mumbled with a complex expression as she stroked the dark golden carapace of this Rank three Gu.


 She had suffered quite a lot due to this Chainsaw Golden Centipede during her battle with Fang Yuan. Who would have thought that there would be a time where Fang Yuan himself would lend it to her?


 The way Fang Yuan used the Chainsaw Golden Centipede had left a lasting impression on her.


 Bai Ning Bing immediately copied Fang Yuan’s method and waved the Chainsaw Golden Centipede like a greatsword.


 From time to time, she willed the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to lengthen or shorten, waving it around like a whip. The silver blades of the chainsaw rotated and cut through the air, producing a strange distortion of the light.


 "Sky Canopy Gu!" She put the Sky Canopy Gu in her aperture, and inwardly poured white silver primeval essence on it with her brows raised. Immediately, her body was covered with an armor of white light.


 "Fate really works mysteriously. To think, there would be a day where I would be using your Gu," she sighed while looking towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was silent; he was sitting cross-legged beside the warm coal with his eyes closed.


 His attention was on his aperture, where the full primeval sea of an A grade aptitude appeared in front of him.Ninety percent!


 His aptitude had only been just over forty percent, and now it had increased by more than double.


 "Although my cultivation has dropped from Rank three to Rank one, with my years of hard work wasted, it is still all worth it!" Fang Yuan was satisfied.


 In a Gu Master’s cultivation journey, there were three most important things.


 Aptitude, resources and Gu worms.


 None of these three aspects could be lacking!


 Previously, Fang Yuan only had C grade aptitude and had to resort to all kinds of means of resources and Gu worms to try to make up for the deficiency in his aptitude. Those years spent in Qing Mao mountain had been quite difficult and exhausting. His cultivation speed had been pretty good, but that was the result of him exhausting all the means available to him and taking high risks.


 If his aptitude had been A grade at that time, he would have faced a completely different scene and be able to easily reach Rank three.


 "Such a twist of fate... I now have an A grade aptitude, but don’t have the safe environment to grow up like in the village. Additionally, the resources and the Gu worms I have now can’t compare to before."


 Fang Yuan was now wandering outside his homeground, and with his weak cultivation he could face mortal dangers at any moment; this situation naturally couldn’t compare with the safe and stable environment back at Qing Mao mountain. And of course, there would be no stable trading areas to exchange for mutual benefits.


 "Fortunately, with the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, the greatest problem that is resources is resolved, so at least there will be no worries before I reach Rank three." Fang Yuan looked through his ninety percent green copper primeval sea, where a blue and white lotus had taken roots in the depths of his aperture; its petals were healthy and plump, giving off a holy and immortal aura.


 This Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was a Rank three and had an enormous potential for development. Just to refine it, Gu Yue clan’s foundation spirit spring had to be wasted.


 It was equivalent to a miniature portable spirit spring, and back when Fang Yuan still had Rank three cultivation, it continuously recovered Fang Yuan’s primeval essence, giving him the recovery speed of a B grade aptitude.


 Rank three cultivation possessed white silver primeval essence. Fang Yuan was now only a Rank one initial stage with green copper primeval essence; with the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus in his aperture, his primeval essence recovery speed was raised to an extreme rate.


 "If I only use Rank one Gu, my primeval essence recovery speed would be shocking and almost inexhaustible. Using one or two Rank two Gu worms might cause the primeval sea to decrease, but the recovery speed would continuously balance it, causing it to be relatively stable. Using a Rank three Gu will exhaust the primeval essence very rapidly, and the consumption would far surpass the recovery speed. My primeval sea would be thoroughly dry within few moments," Fang Yuan calculated in his mind.


 After all, he now only possessed green copper primeval essence and that too was the initial stage jade green primeval essence; the quality was far too low.


 Other than Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, Fang Yuan still had other Gu.


 First of all was his vital gu: Spring Autumn Cicada.


 This Rank six gu was numbered 7 in the list of mysterious Gu. Once it turned into one’s vital Gu, it could no longer be taken out of the aperture and was now residing in the middle of the aperture.


 After going through another rebirth, its aura was no longer the same; its bright yellow-green light was completely gone and now looked dispirited and extremely weak.


 It was concealing its figure, and as time flowed, it silently absorbed time from the river of time and began another round of convalescence.


 Fang Yuan comprehended inwardly, "I absolutely can’t use Spring Autumn Cicada within a short period of time. In such a dangerous state, if I used it, it would be absorbed by the river of time and I would just be throwing away my life by self-detonating."


 Without the pressure from Spring Autumn Cicada, other Gu worms could freely let out their instincts.


 Four kinds of light flashed around the Rank two Four Flavors Liquor worm’s chubby body as it swam around the surface of the primeval sea, enjoying the moment.


 The carp fossil-like hidden Scales Gu calmly laid on the bottom of the sea, letting the primeval sea water cleanse its scales.


 A black beetle with a pair of iron pincers on its head was soaring in the air above the sea; it was the Plunder Gu.


 And similarly, spiralling with it and having a fun time was the white armored Yang Gu of the Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


 Rank four Blood Skull Gu was lying deep in the sea, bright red blood light occasionally flashing on its surface.


 As for the other Gu worms - Blood Moon Gu had turned into a red crescent imprint on Fang Yuan’s palm; Earth Communication Ear grass Gu had turned into one of Fang Yuan’s ears and wouldn’t normally show up; the tusita flower resided on Fang Yuan’s tongue as a tattoo.


 Sky Canopy Gu and Chainsaw Golden Centipede were lent to Bai Ning Bing.


 Calculating the numbers, Fang Yuan possessed a total of twelve Gu worms.


 This was a truly big number!


 Generally speaking, it was normal for a low level Gu Master to have two or three Gu. When one reached Rank four or five, they would raise this number to four or five. Even Divine investigator Tie Xue Leng only raised about seven Gu.


 Do not be fooled by Gu Yue first head or Lord Sky Crane, both were special cases and were old monsters with centuries of accumulation.


 The amount of Gu worms possessed by Fang Yuan was three to four times more than normal Gu Masters. More numbers meant huge economical burden on the Gu Masters along with the pressure of managing and raising them.


 Fang Yuan may have chosen his Gu carefully with most of them being easy to raise, but with the limited goods and resources in the tusita flower now, Fang Yuan was under a huge burden.


 Facing the brunt of this burden was the Four Flavors Liquor worm as its food was fine liquors; there was a lot of wine stored in the tusita flower, but it would only be able to support the Four Flavors Liquor worm for half a year.


 "I need to find new source of liquors within these six months, or I have no choice but to reverse-refine the Four Flavors Liquor worm back to Liquor worm."


 Next was the Plunder Gu.


 Plunder Gu’s food was difficult to find and the amount of the food stored for it in the tusita flower could only last for five months.


 Then, it was the Earth Communication Ear grass.


 Earth Communication Ear grass’s food was ginseng roots, but thankfully there were a lot of it in the tusita flower, enough to support it for a year.


 As for the Blood Skull Gu and Blood Moon Gu, both required blood which needed to be thought out properly.


 And for the Yin Yang Rotation Gu, if they were intact and formed a complete Taiji light sphere, they would be self-sufficient in feeding on the transformation of the yin and yang qi. However, only Yang Gu was left now; Fang Yuan would need to take out some time to release it and let it absorb the yang qi in the air.


 Raising this Yang Gu was very important. Only with the Yang Gu could Fang Yuan suppress Bai Ning Bing — gaining a cheap bodyguard and a guarantee for survival.


 This signified that Fang Yuan couldn’t casually enter mountain and underground caves. If by any chance were he to be trapped in a special situation where yang qi wasn’t available, the Yang Gu would die from starvation, and at that time, Bai Ning Bing - in all his fury and despair - would become the greatest enemy to Fang Yuan.


 All in all, Fang Yuan was in an awkward situation now.


 He had a lot of high ranked Gu in his possession — Rank three, Rank four and even a Rank six Gu. But the unfortunate thing was that he only had Rank one cultivation at the moment.


 To him now, using the high ranked Gu was quite troublesome and inconvenient.


 The more crucial point was that he seriously lacked Gu with healing and movement abilities.


 "Now what I need to do is gather some wild Gu worms and resolve these issues. If only I get lucky and come across a suitable Gu... Being able to escape from the shuttle swordfish groups could be considered my good luck. But there is no way I could be so lucky every time."After Fang Yuan sorted out his thoughts, he slowly opened his eyes with a grave expression.


 When he had just opened his eyes, he saw Bai Ning Bing walking over with a white eggshell on his hand.


 "Look at this. I was just trying out the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and drilled the ground, but to think there is an egg hidden under this beach! Too bad it was smashed by Chainsaw Golden Centipede," Bai Ning Bing said.


 This egg was the size of half of a washbasin, and the white eggshell was thoroughly smashed and only some yolk remained in it.


 Fang Yuan only took a glance at this eggshell before his expression turned tense, "This is bad, this is the egg of a six-foot crocodile. Is this beach a breeding ground for the six-footed crocodiles?"


 He quickly stood up: "Quick, use the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and check if there are more of such eggs in this beach."


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze shook and pointed behind Fang Yuan, "It’s too late, look!"


 Fang Yuan turned around and saw hundreds of ’dead logs’ floating towards the beach from the river.


 The ’dead logs’ came ashore and revealed their true forms; they were all enormous crocodiles.


 These crocodiles had thick carapaces, sharp teeth and three pairs of feet. Right now, their bloodshot eyes were tightly staring at Bai Ning Bing.


 Six legged crocodile groups!


 Bai Ning Bing subconsciously loosened her hand under the glares of the crocodiles; the white eggshell fell onto the sand, smashing further in the process and what little yolk left in it seeped into the sand.


 Hisss!


 The six legged crocodiles hissed in rage before charging forward on their six legs towards the two youths.


 ...


 At the same time, in Qing Mao mountain, in the former site of Gu Yue village.


 Snow covered everything and glaciers had formed everywhere.


 A group of people were standing on the snow like iron nails nailed into this white world.


 "Father..." Tie Ruo Nan kneeled down on the snow and shouted out her father’s name with tears flowing down her face.


 Five to six days ago, Tie Xue Leng had an intense battle with the Gu Yue first head but when he was at death’s door, he kept his daughter’s safety in mind and sent out the Mountain Giant Puppet Gu and Iron Fist Grappling Gu.


 The Mountain Giant Puppet Gu formed into a copper mask and covered Tie Ruo Nan’s face, protecting her; the Iron Fist Grappling Gu turned into a giant hand, taking her away from the mess at Qing Mao mountain.


 However, these two had already been infected by the Blood Frenzy Gu and had turned into a pool of blood not long after completing their tasks.


 Tie Ruo Nan rushed back to Qing Mao mountain in a crazed state, but on the way, she was besieged by a group of beasts.


 In the moment of her great danger, Tie family’s reinforcements had arrived. They had come because of Tie Xue Leng; Tie Xue Leng always executed matters earnestly. Just to be safe, he had sent a letter for reinforcements to their clan.


 Tie Ruo Nan was able to rush here with the help of the reinforcements. However, the scene that appeared before her was a mountain filled with ice and snow where all the living beings were frozen, and there were no traces of her father.


 She and the Tie family reinforcements searched for several days and nights, before finally accepting the cruel reality.


 Divine investigator had fallen; her father had died!


 "Father...!" Tie Ruo Nan cried out with a hoarse voice filled with extreme sorrow like the wail of the wild goose.



***
Chapter 203: Each with their own objectives


***





 Chapter 203: Each with their own objectives


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 "Divine investigator died in battle, this is the glory of a man of the Tie family. Lady Ruo Nan, my condolences," a young Gu Master behind her consoled.


 On the snowy grounds, Tie Ruo Nan kneeled as her crying voice became weaker, her shoulders shivering and her fists tightly clenched as the snow melted in her hands into water.


 The young Gu Master frowned, continuing, "Throughout the past few days, we have scoured the entire battlefield. We saw some traces left behind, and it seems there were a few that managed to escape this battlefield. Divine Investigator’s letter talked about the blood sea inheritance. I’m worried that the demonic Gu Master who inherited the blood sea inheritance might be among these survivors."


 When Tie Ruo Nan heard this, she stopped crying.


 She stood up from the icy ground as the freezing winds blew, her hagged face showing determination. "The feud of killing my father is greater than anything. Whoever the killer is, I will definitely find out the truth!"


 The young girl’s voice was hoarse, but when she spoke, her gaze and tone became very determined.


 The young Gu Master sighed, "Investigations definitely have to be done. Our Tie family people cannot die with injustice. But Lady Ruo Nan, you don’t have to go. Before coming here, the clan leader already informed us to bring you back to the village safely."


 Tie Ruo Nan stared with wide opened eyes, "What, don’t think of chasing me away!"


 The young Gu Master smiled, looking at the sky.


 In the azure sky, there were several clouds floating.


 Tie Ruo Nan was about to argue some more, but suddenly her iris shrunk, "You...... "


 Before she finished, her eyes closed and she laid on the snow softly, falling asleep.


 "Gui Yi." The young Gu Master called.


 "Here."


 "I order your group to escort lady Ruo Nan back safely."


 "Yes..." Gui Yi hesitated. "Then what about you, young master?"


 "Me? I have to follow the Yellow Dragon River and chase after them," The young Gu Master laughed arrogantly.


 ...


 The waters from the Yellow Dragon River raged on and winds blew as several hundred six legged crocodiles ascended the beach, attacking Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 "Damn...." Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, feeling a strong pressure in her heart.


 If it was before, this crocodile group was nothing to her. One iceblade storm and they would be finished. But now, she only had the Sky Canopy Gu and Chainsaw Golden Centipede, while also lacking the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.


 Her blue irises quickly swept the environment as Bai Ning Bing scolded: "What a great place you chose! WIth three sides as cliffs, how can we escape?"


 "Why so frantic? It’s only a hundred beast group, not a thousand one, otherwise we would be dead meat. A hundred beast group means we still have a chance of survival, we can kill them all." Fang Yuan quickly kept his clothes, racks, metal pots and retreated behind Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan was extremely confident, causing Bai Ning Bing’s heart to feel slightly at ease."What are you staring at? Go kill them!" Fang Yuan swept his gaze at her, urging, "Why else did I lend you Gu worms? Don’t forget I have the Yang Gu."


 "Bastard!" Bai Ning Bing’s stared in rage, her heart burning as she cursed. No one knew if she was scolding the six legged crocodiles, Fang Yuan or both.


 But no matter what, she held the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and rushed up.


 Buzzbuzzbuzz!


 Razors rotated violently as the aggressiveness of a Rank three Gu worm appeared, causing the six legged crocodile to halt in their steps.


 "A group of ugly maggots!" Bai Ning Bing chuckled, rushing up and slashing.


 A six legged crocodile was hit on its stomach, crying out as sparks flew, cut into two by the razors.


 Fresh blood spewed on Bai Ning Bing’s face and clothes, as she felt the stimulation of blood, and intention of battle appeared on her face.


 Swishswishswish...


 Chainsaw Golden Centipede hacked and slashed, like a tornado passing through. Twenty or so six legged crocodiles died in succession.


 The situation became better instantly, but Fang Yuan’s expression grew dim, shouting loudly, "Avoid the six legged crocodile’s back, and attack their stomach!"


 "Hahaha, what an aggressive Gu worm, much better than the iceblade Gu! I like it!" Bai Ning Bing ignored him and laughed loudly.


 Even though she turned into a woman and was a jade beauty like an ice fairy, the moment she battled her male instincts would cause her to turn into a battle maniac.


 But eventually, her attacks started to become slower, and weaker.


 "What’s happening? Earlier, I could slash a six legged crocodile in half, but now even after three hits, I can only severely injure it?"


 Bai Ning Bing raised the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and looked, only to see that the razors were dented, and the sharpness was greatly reduced.


 She was born smart, immediately thinking of Fang Yuan’s advice, clicking her tongue.


 A large six legged crocodile rushed up to her and leapt.


 It opened its large, bloody mouth, covering Bai Ning Bing with its shadow.


 "You are looking for death!" Bai Ning Bing moved her tiny body, raising the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and slashing at the six legged crocodile’s belly.


 Pew.


 After a light noise, the six legged crocodile’s belly was cut open, forming a severe injury.


 This unlucky six legged crocodile was still in the air as a large amount of blood poured out from its wound, and its intestines fell out.


 With a plop, it landed on the beach, dyeing the sand red. Its body twitched a few times before it stopped moving completely.


 It was completely dead.


 "So easy?" Seeing such effectiveness, Bai Ning Bing raised her eyebrows in shock.


 Six legged crocodile’s back was tough as armor, but comparatively its belly was very soft. The white belly was their weakness.


 With 500 years of experience Fang Yuan was clear of such information. But Bai Ning Bing was born on Qing Mao mountain, never being outside and only had narrow education, thus she did not know much.


 Howl!


 The crocodiles cried out.


 After tens of crocodiles were killed, the wild beasts were infuriated and started to turn wild under the threat of death.


 Countless red eyes stared at Bai Ning Bing in hatred.


 Wild beasts had limited intelligence. The lightning lycan had human intelligence but it was an exception among the many species of wild beasts.


 These wild beasts would always treat the most dangerous enemies as the biggest threat, and the first to eliminate. As for Fang Yuan who stayed at the back, they ignored him.


 "Come." Bai Ning Bing moved forward instead. She was not someone stubborn, and after that hit, she immediately changed her tactics.


 The centipede tail stabbed onto the beach as its body shrunk, then expanded and slashed at the field with the razors. Six legged crocodiles’ stomach were easily slashed, as blood and intestines spewed.


 Crocodiles after crocodiles fell as Bai Ning Bing killed as she wished.


 "At the rate this is going, the crocodile group will be nothing to be afraid of. What truly threatens me is not these beast groups, but Fang Yuan." As the situation turned better, Bai Ning Bing considered in her heart, having second thoughts.


 The Yang Gu was in Fang Yuan’s hands, causing Bai Ning Bing to be restrained and she had to obey Fang Yuan.


 But he was the Bai clan genius, thus there was great arrogance in his heart, how could he resign himself to this?


 "If I slaughter Fang Yuan, will I be able to get that Yang Gu?" Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone with coldness as a thought appeared in her mind.


 But once this thought emerged, it was rejected.


 She understand Fang Yuan like she understood herself!


 With Fang Yuan’s personality, which was tough as steel along with his ruthless methods and meticulous thoughts, if he really was going to die, he would destroy the Yang Gu 100% of the time, there were no other possibilities.


 "Moreover, I do not have a Gu worm at all. Sky Canopy Gu, Chainsaw Golden Centipede, they are all his... no, no matter what, I have to get my own Gu worms!"


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled, staring at the battlefield.


 Bai Ning Bing’s movements became slower while her eyes turned more shiny, and he saw all of it.


 Towards her little thoughts, Fang Yuan was crystal clear.


 He did not find it strange; he understood Bai Ning Bing’s predicament, he would have had the same thoughts if he was in that situation.


 They were both arrogant fellows, how could they submit to others and be another’s puppet?


 "But, situations surpass men, so what if its a genius? Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.


 Fang Yuan was confident — with such a strong bargaining chip in his hand, Bai Ning Bing was like a butterfly trapped in a net. It was natural to struggle at first, but eventually she would land in his palms, understanding the situation and becoming tamed, turning into a useful pawn piece.


 The battle continued.


 Large numbers of six legged crocodiles laid on this beach.


 Bai Ning Bing breathed roughly, sweating profusely as her attacks slowed down.


 Out of stamina!


 Strength was always her weakness. When fighting Fang Yuan back then, many times did she have the disadvantage due to the strength of two boars.


 Now that she fought for an hour, her stamina was running out.


 After all, they did not sleep for almost five days when floating on the bamboo raft, and even after the rest, it was too short to recover.


 What caused her to be even more frustrated were those two lumps on her chest. Every time she moved, these two burdens moved along, causing her to feel very uncomfortable!


 "Fang Yuan, are you not helping?!" She breathed roughly, calling.


 Saying so, she dodged the attack of a six legged crocodile narrowly, pressing on her weak knees and standing up.


 Fang Yuan said coldly, "Once I help, I will attract the attack of many six legged crocodiles, you want me to die? If I die, you will never get the Yang Gu."


 Three six legged crocodiles approached and Bai Ning Bing had no choice but to retreat.


 She was tired to the point of fainting as her stamina reached its limits, and she saw darkness in front of her. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede appeared even more heavy, constantly dragging her towards the ground.


 She gritted her teeth, "Fang Yuan, if I die, can you live?"


 "Rest assured, I am behind you." Fang Yuan rested his back on the cliff, as he willed and a Blood Moon Gu flew out of his palm, flying towards Bai Ning Bing.


 "Take it, and use it well."


 Blood Moon Gu originated from Moonlight Gu, so Bai Ning Bing was very familiar with it. With just a few uses, she got used to it and the bright red moonblades stabilized the situation.


 But good situations did not last, and although Bai Ning Bing regained her footing, her primeval essence was starting to become insufficient.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 I’ll post another one later!



***
Chapter 204: Carapace Gu and Crocodile Strength Gu


***





 Chapter 204: Carapace Gu and Crocodile Strength Gu


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Ordinary Rank three Gu Masters, to deal with beast groups, they have to employ kiting tactics. Using primeval stones to recover their primeval essence, Bai Ning Bing’s method of facing them head on and lasting until now, was already outstanding.


 If a Gu Master’s primeval essence runs dry, their battle strength will drop down to rock bottom.


 Bai Ning Bing started to look back at the cliff behind her, wondering if there was a way to escape.


 When she saw Fang Yuan’s casual expression while he was leaning against the cliff, she flew into a rage, scolding, "Fang Yuan, I fight at the front lines, yet you watch the show behind me?!"


 Fang Yuan snorted, "The former Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, the grand Bai Ning Bing, can’t even deal with a hundred beast group?"


 Bai Ning Bing was exasperated, "If you have the guts, then you go and fight!"


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, "If I had Rank three cultivation, it is enough to eliminate all these six legged crocodiles, why would I need you?"


 Bai Ning Bing breathed loudly, smoke coming out of her pores.


 Fang Yuan said seriously, "Bai Ning Bing, I can tell you’re used to fighting without restrain. You are a former Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, but now that you are A grade with 90%, if you still keep fighting like that your primeval essence will definitely be insufficient. An outstanding Gu Master will use their primeval essence in the most efficient way, never wasting a drop. From now on, battle according to my instructions. Your fighting method is too crude, you have to be more meticulous now."


 "Huh?" Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched, "My battle method isn’t meticulous enough? Do you know how many times the clan leader and elders praised me, for being the number one skillful fighter in Bai clan?!"


 "What’s there to compare with a bunch of scrubs? Listen closely..."


 Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly three times, but Fang Yuan continued talking.


 His voice entered Bai Ning Bing’s ears; at first she was indifferent, but eventually, her expression changed.


 It went from disdain to seriousness, and finally, turning grave.


 Fang Yuan’s words hit the nail right on the head. There was profound meaning in every word, perfectly describing her inability!


 This was the collection of his 500 years of life, the essence left behind through the accumulation of time. How could it not let this youngster, naive and innocent, be extremely shocked?


 Fang Yuan lived for 500 years, so he was as sly as a fox. His experience was something not even First gen Gu Yue or Sky Crane Lord could match with.


 These two old geezers lived for almost a thousand years, but most of their life was spent in deep sleep, retaining that last breath of theirs. Their true "living" phase, was merely two to three hundred years at most.


 If it was any other time, Bai Ning Bing upon hearing Fang Yuan’s advice, would merely take it as a joke. She was a proud arrogant genius, even if she was shocked, she would not follow suit. But now, facing the crocodiles’ pressure, her body could not help but execute what he said, and it showed an immediately effect.


 Six legged crocodiles continued to die, but her situation improved by leaps and bounds.


 Her primeval essence and stamina were depleted, but once she started using them carefully and reduced her meaningless attacks while increasing her attack effectiveness, it caused her primeval essence and stamina to slowly recover amidst battle.


 Fifteen minutes later, after at least half the pack of six legged crocodiles were injured and over two hundred corpses on the ground, they finally stopped attacking and started to retreat.


 Soon after, a large body appeared from under the water.


 It had two rows of sharp blade-like teeth. Its yellow vertical pupils reflected Bai Ning Bing’s body as it emitted a cold killing intent.


 This was the six legged crocodile king.


 Hundred beast king level, Grand Crocodile king!


 Different from other six legged crocodiles, this crocodile king was larger like a yak, and it did not stand on six legs, but only moved with its two hind legs.


 It walked like humans, with a back as thick as a bear, and a scaly tail dragging a line across the beach.The other four feet that were free, were in a claw shape. Resembling four arms, they were thick and the muscles were tough as rocks.


 Bai Ning Bing could not help but laugh bitterly.


 If she was fighting this hundred beast king alone, she could win. But now that she had undergone an intense battle and there was little primeval essence and stamina left in her, she could not deal with this hundred beast king who was in perfect condition.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan’s voice came from behind her, "Catch."


 A blue and white light entered her aperture, turning into a lotus and rooting deep into her aperture sea.


 Immediately, her primeval sea level started rising!


 Bai Ning Bing was surprised and overjoyed: "What Gu is this?"


 "Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus." Fang Yuan said.


 "So this is the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! No wonder First gen Gu Yue wanted it." Bai Ning Bing sighed again, then scolded, "You have such a Gu, why didn’t you lend it to me earlier?"


 Fang Yuan chuckled, talking while minding his own business, "Thankfully this is only a hundred beast king. Remember, its weakness is that white skin near the chest."


 Saying so, his body faded like ripples on the water surface, and he slowly vanished.


 He activated the Stealth scale Gu.


 "Scheming and cunning!" Bai Ning Bing scolded, before focusing her gaze on the Grand Crocodile king.


 Only to see that on its chest, there was indeed a white skin, but it was only face- sized, and was protected by its four limbs. How could she strike that area easily?


 Howl!


 The Grand Crocodile king growled, before rushing at Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing could only rely on herself and roll around desperately, evading the hits and flicking her wrist at the same time.


 Chainsaw Golden Centipede smashed on the Grand Crocodile king’s back.


 Sparks flew as the Chainsaw Golden Centipede was rebounded, almost causing Bai Ning Bing to trip from the impact.


 There was a white scratch on the Grand Crocodile king’s back armor, but other than that it was unfazed.


 Howl!


 It swung its tail, and winds flew.


 Bai Ning Bing only saw a black whip approaching, thick, large and long. She could not evade it, so she was only able to activate the Sky Canopy Gu.


 With a bang, she was sent flying, landing tens of metres away. Afterwards, she slammed on the tough sturdy cliff walls.


 Bai Ning Bing was in so much pain until she drew a deep breath. Sky Canopy Gu is a Rank three Gu, having great defense but it could not reduce the force from impacts.


 Bambambam...


 The Grand Crocodile king’s thick strong legs left a strong imprint on the beach as it charged towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone; seeing the Grand Crocodile king’s attack, she did not move.


 The Grand Crocodile king came crashing with its imposing aura, flashing its claws. If it was any other person, they would be scared shitless or run away in fear, but Bai Ning Bing was after all Bai Ning Bing, possessing an iron will.


 "Twenty steps, fifteen steps, ten steps, five steps!" Seeing the Grand Crocodile king was near, at the final moment, Bai Ning Bing leapt.


 Bam!


 She narrowly evaded the Grand Crocodile king, and the latter crashed into the cliff walls, as large amount of debris fell and buried it."A beast is a beast after all!" Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, about to chase after it, but suddenly thought of something and stopped.


 The next moment, the Grand Crocodile king’s tail swept and sent the debris flying all over the place.


 Bai Ning Bing observed silently, and a moment later the crocodile king finally got free.


 It was in a desperate state. Half its teeth were broken and blood flowed out of its nostrils; its golden pupils also turned red.


 It growled furiously at the sky and lowered its body, rushing towards Bai Ning Bing at an even faster speed.


 Bai Ning Bing retreated, smiling as she dodged.


 Bam!


 With a huge bang, the cliff walls collapsed, and smoke flew everywhere......


 An hour later, the injured Grand Crocodile king covered its white skin in futile, as blood continued to ooze out of its wounds.


 Soon after, it plopped on the ground, on the beach that was completely wrecked by the battle.


 "This Blood Moon Gu is pretty useful huh. With that bleeding effect, I can kill that Grand Crocodile king so easily." Bai Ning Bing looked at the red moon insignia, thinking in her mind.


 After the crocodile king died, the remaining hundred six legged crocodiles lost their drive and morale, escaping into the river one by one.


 "Finally over." Bai Ning Bing shook the Chainsaw Golden Centipede on her hand away, sitting on the beach in exhaustion.


 Fang Yuan’s figure came out of the shade, squatting at the crocodile king’s corpse and searching.


 "Found it!" When he took back his hand, there was one Gu in each of his palms.


 Bai Ning Bing seeing this, breathed heavily in anger. She fought so intensely with the crocodile king, finally killing it and chasing the crocodile group away. But the unscathed Fang Yuan came out to collect the battle rewards instead.


 Fang Yuan took a close look.


 These two Gu, one was almost dying, but still struggling. It had a turtle shell, around palm-size, but its protruding surface was covered in crocodile scales.


 The Carapace Gu.


 Another was uninjured, but was not moving at all, letting Fang Yuan squish it with his fingers.


 The Crcocodile Strength Gu.


 It was very small, smaller than a finger. It was like a mini crocodile, with head, body and tail, but did not have any legs.


 Both the Carapace Gu and the Crcocodile Strength Gu were Rank two Gu worms.


 Normally, hundred beast kings have Rank two Gu living in them. In the thousand beast king, there was Rank three, and in the myriad beast king there was Rank four.


 "As I expected." Fang Yuan seeing the two Gu, did not feel strange. He was experienced and after observing the battle, he had seen through the crocodile king’s abilities.


 Immediately, he leaked a little of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, and refined these two Gu with his primeval essence instantly.


 The Carapace Gu flew to Fang Yuan’s back, forming a large scale insignia, like a tattoo. It extended from Fang Yuan’s shoulder to his waist, covering his entire back.


 As with the name, it was a Gu that could enhance the defense of a Gu Master’s back.


 Crcocodile Strength Gu turned into a dim yellow light, entering Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 It was similar to the black and white boar Gu, able to increase the Gu Master’s strength permanently, by the strength of a crocodile! It had high market value, normally a precious Gu worm without any available in the market.


 "This again, instantly refining a Gu worm!" Seeing this, Bai Ning Bing could not continue but be furious, as her pupils dilated to pin-size.


 When she fought Fang Yuan earlier, she found this secret.


 Back at the clan, she searched the records and checked up on some assistance-type Gu that can achieve this effect.


 But at this moment, as she witnessed the scene again, she felt that the truth might be different.


 "This guy has so many trump cards. Sky Canopy Gu, Blood Moon Gu and Chainsaw Golden Centipede aside, but even the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! His battle tactics are also completely superior to the clan’s teachings. Also, what Gu did he use earlier?"


 Thinking of this, a cold chill went down Bai Ning Bing’s spine.



***
Chapter 205: Sleeping in the Treetop


***





 Chapter 205: Sleeping in the Treetop


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Roarrr....


 The sky was getting darker as the the river surged and ebbed.


 At dusk, the beach was colored red with crocodile blood, and hundreds of six legged crocodile corpses were lying all around two youths.


 From beside one particular gigantic crocodile corpse, Fang Yuan slowly stood up.


 He did not have any thoughts of fleeing when the six legged crocodile groups had attacked. Although he only had Rank one initial stage cultivation, he had Bai Ning Bing who was a Rank three peak stage Gu Master!


 Her cultivation base added with his Rank three Gu worms, were more than enough to annihilate a hundred beast group.


 On one hand, he was in need of an external force like the six legged crocodile groups to oppress Bai Ning Bing and also take the chance to train her. On another hand, he also needed to find suitable Gu worms for himself.


 "I might only be at Rank one initial stage, but with my A grade aptitude and Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, my primeval essence recovery speed is fast enough to let me use Rank two Gu worms. But what a pity that both the Crocodile Strength Gu and Carapace Gu aren’t really ideal for me," Fang Yuan sighed as he pondered in his mind.


 Sky Canopy Gu was a Rank three defensive Gu which he lent to Bai Ning Bing. Now, he needed a suitable defensive Gu for himself. However, the Carapace Gu’s defensive area was too small in that it could only defend his back.


 And even though Crocodile Strength Gu was a precious Gu, Fang Yuan already had the strength of two boars; strengthening further would instead harm him.


 Below Rank six, Gu Masters only possessed a mortal body which had a limit in how much it could endure and couldn’t be strengthened continuously.


 Fang Yuan already used the Black and White Boar Gu to remodel his body and increase his fundamental strength. Using the Crocodile Strength Gu would surpass what his body could endure and would only harm him.


 That is to say, unless he found other Gu worms which could supplement for the Crocodile Strength Gu, he would be committing a suicidal act by using it.


 "In the inheritance inside Bai Gu mountain, there is a Jade Bone Gu which can increase the strength of the Gu Master’s bones. After using this Gu, there would be no problem in using the Crocodile Strength Gu. However, there is still quite a distance from Bai Gu mountain and it will take at least ten-fifteen days."


 Fang Yuan gazed at southeast direction, then he willed and summoned the Crocodile Strength Gu.


 He gave the Crocodile Strength Gu to Bai Ning Bing, and at the same time, called back the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 "Use this Crocodile Strength Gu, it will let you gain the strength of a crocodile. The process will be a bit tough, but it should be done after you repeatedly activate it for a month," Fang Yuan instructed.


 Bai Ning Bing nodded, she was inwardly happy.


 With the Crocodile Strength Gu, she could make up for her weak strength. She had looked for such a Gu back when she was in Bai clan, but she had no luck in finding such Gu. To think that she unexpectedly found the Gu which she had always wanted out in the wild!


 Dangers lurked everywhere when Gu Masters journeyed outside, but at the same time, there were plenty of opportunities.


 "Let’s go, the blood odor here is too concentrated and will definitely attract the wild beasts, the cliff is also almost collapsed; it will be dangerous to camp here."


 Bai Ning Bing approved of Fang Yuan’s proposal.


 But before leaving, Fang Yuan gathered as much of the crocodile blood and flesh as he could and stored them in the tusita flower.


 Crocodile Strength Gu’s food was crocodile flesh. And the fresh crocodile blood could be used to feed the Blood Skull Gu and Blood Moon Gu.


 The sun had already completely disappeared into the horizon and the night fell.


 Numerous stars could be vaguely seen in the sky.


 The cliff had collapsed by the grand crocodile king’s attack, becoming easier to climb. After Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing climbed the cliff, a dense jungle welcomed them.


 The jungle seemed to continue on and on, touching the shadows of the faraway mountains. Furthermore, the depths of the jungle were covered in deep darkness, concealing unknown dangers and beasts.


 Chichihouhou...


 A series of odd noises sounding like the cries of birds or the howling of the apes, resounded in the two youths’ ears.


 The two glanced at each other, realizing that the dangers lurked everywhere in the jungle. More so during the night time, where there were scarce light; the jungle became more dangerous than during daytime.


 They had no other choices, however.


 "Let’s go," Fang Yuan hinted at Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing grinded her teeth, but she had no choice other than to drag her extremely tired body and walk in front, opening a path for Fang Yuan.


 The trees in this jungle were at least four meters tall. And being close the river, the air was filled with moisture and the soil was much softer than normal soil.


 Under this warm and moist atmosphere, moss grew wildly, spreading over the ground, rocks and tree trunks.


 The darkness deepened and the chillness increased as the deeper they went into the jungle.


 Fang Yuan was still in a better condition; Bai Ning Bing, however, shivered from cold. She had just engaged in an intense battle, and her whole body was soaked with sweat. Right now as the chill invaded her body, she naturally felt much more cold.


 "Hey, how about making a fire and warming ourselves first?" Bai Ning Bing spoke while scouting in front.


 Her voice echoed within the jungle, making the quietness of the jungle even more prominent.


 "Warm ourselves? Haha." Fang Yuan laughed, "Don’t you feel that this jungle is too quiet? Let’s stop and check the trees in front."


 Bai Ning Bing slowed down her steps and concentrated.


 The trees in front of them were short and thick, with twisted roots that spread over on the ground. The ends of the branches all grew out into vines like green pythons; either coiling around each other or dropping down into the ground.


 The tip of the vines were like venus flytrap or like mussels with open shells, quietly waiting for the pray.


 "Beast-trap tree!" Bai Ning Bing thought of what he had learned in the academy and recognized this tree.


 This tree was carnivorous, and the ends of its branches had softened down to become vines with only two leaves on the ends. The leaves were wide and big, and would normally remain open like a giant open mouth. However, once a prey walks close, the vines would shoot like a snake and the leaves would snap shut, swallowing the prey. Afterward, the tree would secrete acidic liquid and melt down the prey over the course of tens of days or even months, before absorbing it.


 Bai Ning Bing counted the amount of beast-trap trees in front of him; there were at least thirty to forty. There were some distance between each trees, upon which grew ordinary trees.


 "This is the area of beast-trap trees, no wonder it was so quiet with no signs of any living creatures. But it isn’t a problem, I can forcefully open up a path with a Rank three Gu," Bai Ning Bing said.


 Fang Yuan, however, shook his head, "We need a safe campsite right now, and from how I see it, this area of beast-trap trees looks pretty good. We might not necessarily find a safer place to spend the night in this dense jungle if we charge through this area."


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help opening up her eyes wide when she heard what was said, "In this place? These beast-trap trees are safer?"


 Fang Yuan glanced at her, but didn’t explain; instead he turned around and walked back through the way they had come.


 Bai Ning Bing grinded her teeth; Yang Gu was with Fang Yuan, so she had no choice but to follow Fang Yuan back to the beach.


 Fang Yuan chose two sturdy crocodile corpses and opened up their cut bellies; he removed the internal organs and cleaned it thoroughly before dragging the corpses back to the jungle.


 "You are actually thinking of?!" Bai Ning Bing was smart and as she saw this, she already could vaguely guess Fang Yuan’s motive.


 She couldn’t help but be amazed by Fang Yuan’s creativity.


 "Humans are above all creatures, having unbound wisdom; thinking up odd ways to survive is normal. We will sleep inside these today," Fang Yuan said, and after explaining what to do, he entered inside a crocodile belly.


 The next moment, he rolled inside and got closer to a beast-trap tree in the six legged crocodile’s body.


 Swish!


 The nearest vine pounced, as swift as the wind. The huge opened two leaves swallowed the whole crocodile corpse in one bite and then firmly closed together.


 Following next, the vines twisted and gently supported the heavy leaves to the treetop.


 "Go to sleep, we still need to continue on our journey tomorrow." The leaves on the treetop shook for a moment before Fang Yuan’s voice travelled out.


 Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck on the spot, watching this scene with open mouth.


 She came to her senses only after a long while.


 The darkness completely enveloped the land, and the night wind gently blew and passed through the jungle, producing sounds like that of a sob.


 Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, and just like how Fang Yuan demonstrated, she drilled into the crocodile belly and rolled towards a beast-trap tree.


 Almost immediately, she felt the attack of an external force, causing the whole crocodile body to shake for a while.


 After the shaking, she sensed herself slowly rising up.


 Finally, the force lifting her stopped.


 Bai Ning Bing was lying inside the crocodile’s belly, and the crocodile belly was lying flat inside the leaves.


 She gazed outside and her sight passed through the small crack in the closed leaves, landing upon the many stars in the sky.


 The surroundings were extremely quiet, and the stars were shining brightly like mischievous kids winking at her.


 "The sky is filled with stars; our luck is good, the weather is going to be good tomorrow." Fang Yuan’s voice came from outside.


 Bai Ning Bing didn’t reply, she moved her body to get into a more comfortable position.


 However, she still felt cold due to the ice-cold crocodile body.


 At this moment, she got a whiff of a fragrant scent.


 Bai Ning Bing wasn’t surprised as Fang Yuan had already explained this to her; this was the acidic liquid being released by the beast-trap tree.


 However, this acidic liquid would need at least three months to melt the crocodile body. Hence, hiding inside the crocodile body was very safe for the moment.


 "Oh right, I better use the Crocodile Strength Gu first and then sleep...." Bai Ning Bing thought inwardly but her eyelids seemed to be as heavy as a mountain, gradually shutting close. The next moment, she was in a deep sleep.


 She was too tired; first it was continuously drifting for five days and five nights, then it was the intense battle with the crocodile groups. And in the battle, she had surpassed her physical limits and unearthed a part of her potential.


 Maybe it was because she had turned into a female, the pressure from Fang Yuan intentionally or otherwise, it made her exhausted in both body and mind.


 Fang Yuan, however, wasn’t asleep.


 From within the crocodile body, he called out the tusita flower and took out some cotton clothes and cloak. He then divided these into two parts - one part for a cushion under his body; another part for covering his body.


 Although he tossed around, this layer of preparation immediately brought him some warmth.


 Under the cage of the leaves, the crocodile body changed into a pleasant hotbed.


 Fang Yuan still had some energy left; he closed his eyes and fell into meditation, using his primeval essence to nurture his aperture.


 He might have no Liquor worm to upgrade his primeval essence, but with the assistance of Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and his A grade aptitude, the amount of time he could nurture his aperture increased by a great amount.


 The primeval sea was turbulent, rising and falling as its waves cleansed the aperture walls. Every time the primeval essence was consumed, it would be immediately replenished. Even continuing to nurture the aperture for a whole night wouldn’t be able to exhaust the primeval essence.


 However, Fang Yuan did not do such a thing, for nurturing the aperture couldn’t replace sleep. He stopped cultivating after midnight and went to sleep.


 He was a light sleeper and was able to hear the vague sounds of the wind and the howling of beasts in his sleep. Many wild beasts were attracted to the odor of the blood in the beach and trudged through the jungle towards it. And when they passed through this area of trees, they were captured by the beast-trap trees.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 2 chapters for now, I want to do more tonight.



***
Chapter 206: Becoming the leader


***





 Chapter 206: Becoming the leader


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 The sun hung brightly in the blue skies and white clouds.


 Sunlight shone on the land as Yellow Dragon River flowed, with a dense forest beside the river, forming an ocean of greenery.


 On the beast-trap tree’s crown, vines hung as eight or nine leaves formed a cage, like a gathering of seashells standing tall.


 Suddenly among one of the cages, there was intense shaking.


 Pew.


 A bright red moon blade shot out from there, tearing the leaves apart.


 A young girl in light colored clothing, shrouded in a white colored armor on her body, emerged from the leaf cage.


 She was agile, her feet landing on some branches on the trees, moving quickly as she jumped down, eventually landing safely on the ground.


 It was Bai Ning Bing.


 Throughout the process, the beast-trap tree did not move, as if it was dead.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at this beast-trap tree, thinking of what Fang Yuan had said to her the previous night.


 "Towards any prey that escaped, the beast-trap tree will not attack further. Because any prey that can escape, is not something the tree can deal with. Even without intelligence, the instinct of the beast-trap tree can allow it to adapt and survive better in the wild."


 "Achoo."


 Bai Ning Bing could not help but sneeze, as she rubbed her nose, she observed the surrounding and checked out her location.


 In this beast-trap forest, most leaf cages were hanging high up in the tree crown like shiny green seashells.


 "It seems that the blood smell on the beach has attracted many wild beasts. The beast-trap tree had a great harvest last night," Bai Ning Bing thought in her heart as she stretched her limbs, cracking her neck.


 She had an uncomfortable sleep last night — the crocodile’s corpse was hard and tough. Coupled with the cold night, although she was extremely tired, she was woken up by the cold several times.


 Thus, with huge eyebags, she was in a bad condition mentally. But after cultivatiing for a while, her stamina had recovered by more than half.


 At this moment, she was standing in an area with sunlight, using the sunlight to dispel the coldness in her body.


 "Bai Ning Bing, let me out." A voice was heard, none other than Fang Yuan. He did not need to use the Earth Hearing Communication Grass to notice the commotion.


 Bai Ning Bing glanced at another beast-trap tree. On this tree crown, the leaf cage that had captured Fang Yuan was still at the same spot.


 She laughed inwardly, not replying, instead closing her eyes and resting while bathing in the sunlight, delaying on purpose.


 Fifteen minutes later, she shot out a blood colored moonblade, cutting the vines apart.


 The seashell-like leaves scattered on the ground as they tore and dispersed.


 Bai Ning Bing slowly walked over, using another blood moonblade, cutting the leaves as Fang Yuan moved his way out of the cage.


 "What’s with the delay? I woke up ages ago, and even managed to cultivate for a while." Fang Yuan’s face was gleaming, looking extremely refreshed.


 The clothes and cloak that he took out last night had already been kept.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted. Fang Yuan’s current situation was beyond her expectations.


 She had thought that Fang Yuan would be like her, not being able to sleep while feeling hungry and cold. Thus she delayed his release, trying to torture him.


 But to think that his condition was at its peak!


 "It’s getting late, we have to start moving. Let’s eat first." Fang Yuan shot out the tusita flower, taking out the coal stone, iron rack, iron pot, water bottle and dried biscuits etc.


 He moved quickly, cooking a pot of meat stew in a short while.


 Next he searched around, finding a large number of mushrooms under the cover of the beast-trap tree.


 These tree shrooms were long, dry and thin, looking dark purple or black.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan as he put these into the pan, questioning, "Wild vegetation cannot be eaten without caution, they might be poisonous."


 "Yup, you’re right." Fang Yuan nodded. "Then don’t eat."


 Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, "If you get poisoned, I do not have a healing Gu worm."


 Fang Yuan indifferently took out a ladle, drinking a huge mouthful of meat soup under Bai Ning Bing’s close watch.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted.


 Only until Fang Yuan drank five to six mouthfuls of soup did she assure herself that there was no danger in the soup.


 After drinking from the ladle, her eyes shone.


 Compared to yesterday, this stew had a much fresher and sweeter flavor!


 She directed her gaze towards the tree shrooms in the soup. Evidently, the difference was due to these mushrooms.


 She could not help but look at Fang Yuan as he sat on a rock, drinking soup with his head lowered as he ate the dry biscuits, full of vigor.


 Although their sleeping condition was the same, Bai Ning Bing compared it to her own pathetic state and felt a trace of admiration towards Fang Yuan in her heart, no matter how much she denied it.


 Of course, if she knew that Fang Yuan had secretly taken out his cloak and clothes to keep warm, then she would have had a different feeling all together.


 Fang Yuan felt her gaze landing on him.


 But he did not raise his head, only smiling lightly, pretending he did not notice it and continued eating.


 Ever since Qing Mao mountain where Bai Ning Bing resolutely saved him, Fang Yuan felt that pure demonic nature in her.


 Demons are crazy, impervious to reason, adamantly walking on their own path. Bai Ning Bing’s demonic nature gave Fang Yuan some ideas on how to make use of her.


 But this person, Bai Ning Bing, was also complex.


 On one hand, she was too tender. After getting new life and solving the problem of the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, she did not want to give up anymore, enjoying life and not resolving to die.


 But on the other hand, her demonic nature made her pursue excitement, thus having a completely unrestrained personality. She did not fear death, and if death was exciting enough, she would chase after it.


 Such a person is like a young dragon, full of curiosity towards the world, carrying an unrestrained nature, and whose wildness was untamable. She had her own path, her own ambitions and aspirations.


 Bai Ning Bing had not fully grown into a demon lord; she was merely a demon child now. But this true demon will never change her path, and her direction cannot be altered, and she definitely will not submit to anyone.


 True demons are only loyal to themselves, moving in the darkness alone, walking their own paths.


 True demons will admire other people, but they will never submit.


 A true demon is the lord of their own, the supreme existence!


 Fang Yuan understood Bai Ning Bing because Fang Yuan understood himself. He knew that Bai Ning Bing would never submit to him, but not submitting does not mean she couldn’t be subdued. While not able to change her path, it does not mean she cannot be used.


 If Fang Yuan had Rank three cultivation, he would not need her. But with only Rank one initial stage now, Bai Ning Bing’s value was great.


 Of course, wanting to subdue her and make use of her, some efforts needed to be put in.


 Bai Ning Bing was smart and arrogant, and could not be forced. Only through some small matters, or external influence to exert pressure on her, can she slowly be tamed.


 Secretly taking out clothes to keep warm, was not because Fang Yuan is petty. Earlier Bai Ning Bing purposely delayed the time, and Fang Yuan did not pursue it; it is not because he is magnanimous.


 "To subdue Bai Ning Bing, I need to spend a lot of time. But I’m in no rush, let’s take it slow, I need time to recover my cultivation."


 After the two ate, it was near noon already.


 On the ground, there were footprints of wild beasts all over. The two continued moving, as Bai Ning Bing paved the way towards the southeast direction.


 The deeper they went, the taller the trees in the forest. Earlier there were only beast-trap trees around three to four metres tall, but gradually, they became five to six metres tall, and at times there were seven to eight metre tall king trees, like a crane among a flock of chicken.


 Of course there were also dying tree branches that had fallen onto the ground, filled with green moss. Or at some areas, there were budding leaves, or broken wood, split apart by lightning, showing the fury of the heavens.


 These great beings grew in close proximity in this area, shrouding the heavens.


 The deeper one went, the colder it got.


 The strong sunlight was blocked by the lustrous tree leaves, and only a tiny ray could penetrate, creating large shadows in the forest.


 The wind blew, and the tree leaves made a swish sound, as shadows moved like shattered gold.


 In the forest, not all was peaceful.


 At times, there would be deer, foxes, rabbits and other animals moving around.


 Most were birds, all sorts of birds, either in groups of threes or fives, or a large flock flying in the sky. Others stood on tree branches as they sang out in harmony.


 Sometimes, there would be the roaring of tigers from far away.


 The two moved and stopped, relying on the Earth Hearing Communication grass to avoid many dangers. But some areas could not be avoided, thus Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength was needed to force their way through.


 Rank three cultivation is already sufficient to deal with problems in the wild.


 NIght descended again, and Fang Yuan found a safe camping spot; it was a stone hill.


 Bai Ning Bing was extremely tired, falling asleep immediately even on the rough sharp rocks.


 On the second day when she woke up, her body ached all over and even her head could not rotate properly, having gotten a stiff neck. Her sneezing also became more frequent; it was obvious she caught a cold.


 Fang Yuan took all these into consideration as they continued on their journey.


 They moved extremely slowly, because there was no movement-type Gu to travel. Previously, Fang Yuan used the Thousand Li Earthwolf spider and Bai Ning Bing used the White Form Immortal Snake Gu; both were mobile Gu that were Rank five. Unfortunately one died and the other escaped.


 But Fang Yuan was not in a hurry — his cultivation was weak and he needed time to cultivate.


 Every time there was a break when they travelled in the day, even during rest he would grab every second to cultivate.


 At night, he would cultivate into late night.


 A few days later, Bai Ning Bing got sick, catching a cold. Her head hurt and her battle strength fell rapidly, also getting a fever.


 Fang Yuan had to stop and use the medicine in the tusita flower on her, as well as some medical paste to apply on her body. Although they were burning on the skin, they helped to remove the chill in her body.


 Only after resting for six days did Bai Ning Bing recover.


 This illness was a huge lesson to her. During the period, she was drowsy and barely had any strength in her body, not even able to apply the paste herself. It was Fang Yuan who helped her.


 "If not for Fang Yuan, I’d be in a critical position this time..." After Bai Ning Bing recovered, she sighed inwardly. Not matter how much she did not want to agree with it, it was the truth.


 In the past, her tone was tough and was very aggressive. But after this matter, she became much quieter, often keeping silent; at times, she could go for half a day without speaking.


 The less she spoke, the more Fang Yuan led and his authority rose. This way, he slowly became the leader among the two.



***
Chapter 207: Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant


***





 Chapter 207: Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Time passed quickly.


 Half a month later, Bai Ning Bing grew thinner but her body radiated a strong elite aura.


 Her concentration was better, and her blue eyes shone with brilliance as she observed around.


 Undeniably, she had adjusted to this primal life, and learnt much from this experience.


 Fang Yuan knew: Although Bai Ning Bing was solemn, it does not mean she admitted defeat.


 Her heart was motivated to learn seriously and try hard to adapt. At times, she would refute some of Fang Yuan’s ideas, and although they were still rather shallow, she had gone past her initial naivety.


 Fang Yuan could feel Bai Ning Bing improving by the day.


 But this situation was not unexpected. To subdue Bai Ning Bing, it was not easy; any true demon would have the spirits to resist greatly.


 Under the blazing sun, the two hid in the shaded forest as they carefully observed the mountain valley.


 In the valley, there was a huge crocodile, sleeping peacefully.


 A lava crocodile.


 The size of three elephants placed together. Its body was covered in dark red scales, and its four thick strong legs support its humongous body. A crocodile tail glowed in a metallic lustre as it reached almost 10 metres tall.


 Most importantly, on its back there are two lumps, like two mini volcanoes. As it breathed, two columns of black smoke rose from the lumps, varying in intensity.


 "This lava crocodile is a thousand beast king! To eliminate it, the risk is too great." Bai Ning Bing stared with wariness.


 On a thousand beast king, there are Rank three wild gu worms. Together with the beast king’s strong body physique, even Rank three peak stage Gu Masters would have difficulty finding victory in a 1v1.


 "Great risks greater rewards! It is not easy to find a crocodile in the forest. Crocodile strength gu needs crocodile meat to feed on, we have less than half left now. Let’s test out this crocodile’s strength first." Fang Yuan said.


 Lava crocodile lived underground in groups. Only the beast king have the strength to get to the surface and breathe in fresh air, enjoying the sun.


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, standing up.


 After getting the crocodile strength gu, she had been using it. Now her strength was greatly increased, but there was still a distance from the strength of one crocodile, the increment was not completely done yet.


 The lava crocodile was asleep, but when Bai Ning Bing got around 50 steps away from it, it opened its red golden eyes.


 Plop!


 It supported its body as it turned its head, two gushes of hot air coming out from its nose.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was solemn, activating the canopy gu, but still feeling a strong feeling of heated air gushing at her face.


 She did not take out the chainsaw golden centipede, but shot out the blood moonblade.


 The Rank three moonblade hit the back of the lava crocodile, shaving off some scales and succeeded in angering the lava crocodile king.


 It aimed accurately at Bai Ning Bing, opening its huge mouth and shooting out a dark red lava fireball.


 The lava fireball was the size of a stonemill, Bai Ning Bing did not dare to take it head on, and dodged.


 Bam!Lava fireball drew an arc in the sky, landing on the mountain rocks.


 In an explosion, shards of mountain rocks flew apart as the flames burnt.


 A small sized mushroom cloud floated into the sky before dissipating. At the explosion area, a huge crater was created, and inside fresh lava was still flowing as they slowly cooled down.


 "Rank three lava explosion gu." Fang Yuan seeing this, concluded in his heart.


 ...


 Few minutes later, Fang Yuan threw down a rope from above the cliff, and pulled Bai Ning Bing up.


 Lava crocodile king growled several times, but did not give chase. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s figure vanished as it continued to lay on the ground, enjoying its sunbath once again.


 This is because Bai Ning Bing’s attacks were merely probing. The lava crocodile king did not find her a threat, only thinking that she was an intruding wild beast, thus chasing her away.


 "This is a lava crocodile king, with three Gu worms inside it. One lava explosion Gu, one flame stomach Gu, and one accumulating ash Gu, all three are Rank three Gu worms. Covering attack, defense and healing, all three basic aspects are assured." Leaving the valley, Fang Yuan concluded what he observed.


 Bai Ning Bing frowned deeply. She herself had probed earlier, and knew that to kill this crocodile king, it was extremely difficult and was near impossible.


 "Nevermind that lava explosion Gu, even the the flame stomach Gu’s defense cannot be broken by Blood Moon Gu. Only the Chainsaw Golden Centipede can do it when it gets close. But if we really did that to destroy the flame stomach, the centipede would be crippled as well. These days, after using it to kill enemies, the razors were already in bad shape. Plus, even if we break the defenses, there is still the accumulating ash Gu that can heal the crocodile king. Its stamina is definitely greater than both of us combined, in a battle of attrition we would definitely lose. Most importantly it can burrow underground and go back to its nest, we cannot stop it from leaving." Bai Ning Bing said.


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Your analysis is right, but I want to kill it even more now. Since ash Gu that eats ashes as food, it is easy to feed. It is also very suitable as our healing Gu worm."


 "Hmph, although the Gu worm is good, we need to live to enjoy it. Although you have the Yang Gu, don’t think of manipulating me, ordering me to risk my life in such a combat," Bai Ning Bing snorted.


 "We cannot fight it head on, but we can use intelligence. Nevermind about other wild beasts, but this lava crocodile king, we can use it to attract other beast kings and cause them to fight among themselves, and then reap the rewards from it," Fang Yuan said as he did not wish to give up due to difficulty.


 Creating a miracle out of the impossible, it was his favourite thing to do.


 If it was any other wild beast, unless they just migrated and arrived, they would have their respective territories. Among themselves, they would know each other’s existence and would not cause any in-fighting.


 But the lava crocodile king was different.


 It normally lived underground, and sometimes came to the surface to breathe fresh air. Like the fish deep in the sea, jumping out of the surface of the water.


 Their existence was not known by other beast kings; they are like illegal immigrants.


 Unless it was a beast king like the lightning lycan, most did not have high intelligence. Once a beast king is lured over, they would feel threatened by one another and begin an intense battle.


 Once they both got injured, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing would be able to ’rob the owner when his house is on fire’.


 Fang Yuan’s words caused Bai Ning Bing’s eyes to shine.


 She nodded. "We do not have a movement-type Gu, thus this plan is risky. But compared to fighting the lava crocodile king head on, we have greater hopes of success. We can give this a try."


 Like human society, among wild beasts, they each have their own territories.


 Stronger beast kings led beast groups and occupied areas with abundant resources. Just like how a human clan would occupy a spirit spring.


 Among forces, they would have interactions and as long as they ventured into other areas, they would have some findings.


 The next five days, Bai and Fang used the lava crocodile as the focal point as they searched around.


 The northwest direction which they came from did not need more scouting.Looping around the valley, towards the southeast direction, they found a white ape gang. The leader was an old white ape, a thousand beast king. A white ape’s speed was fast, and if it was lured, the two would definitely get caught up and be surrounded. Thus, they had to give up their plans here.


 At the southwest direction, it was a rotting swamp. The smell was overbearing; this is the world of the poison.


 The poisonous snake lay below the roots of the tree, as fist-sized poisonous bees flew around in groups, and large spiders webs had black spiders around the size of a face.


 From the center of the swamp, there was frogs screeching. Fang Yuan deduced that it was a healing Gu that was the lord of this swamp — poison swallowing toad. It was Rank four, having a small body and fed on poison as food. If a Gu Master is poisoned, activating it to absorb the poison would result in a healing effect.


 Its speed was bad, but entering the deep parts of the swamp and luring it out is harder.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing did not have any healing Gu. If they were bitten by a poisonous creature, it would result in much trouble. Furthermore, finding a tiny poison swallowing frog in a large swamp was extremely difficult.


 The two finally moved towards the northeast direction, finding a beehive as huge as a house.


 Inside there was a large number of a terrifying insect group — the frenzy needle bee.


 These bees were even greater trouble.


 Frenzy needle bee once becoming a Gu, had the ability to penetrate all things. That is to say, even with Bai Ning Bing’s Sky Canopy Gu protection, it would be pierced by the Rank three frenzy needles.


 The winds howled in the night.


 Winds blew into the mountain caves as the campfire flickered in response.


 This was a small mound, and a cave was found inside.


 THis cave did not have an optimum location, first it did not face against the wind, thus winds blew into the cave and caused it to be very moist. Next the top was not covered, like a well as the stars in the skies could be seen.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were solemn, sitting around the fire.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless while Bai Ning Bing sighed in disappointment, "These few days we explored the surroundings completely, although your idea is great, we have no suitable targets. It seems we can only give up on the lava crocodile king."


 "Plans are made by men, but success is decided by the heavens, we have insufficient strength, thus we can only rely on luck for some things. Nevermind, I still wanted to raise the crocodile strength Gu, but it seems we cannot kill the lava crocodile king. Tomorrow we will set off, and continued towards Bai Gu mountain." Fang Yuan nodded helplessly.


 But at this time!


 Suddenly from the outside, the lava crocodile king’s furious growls could be heard.


 "What happened?"


 "It is that lava crocodile king!"


 The two made eye contact as they left the cave, looking towards a faraway place.


 Only to see that in the valley, rainbow colors were shining as the flames burnt brightly, giving off an imposing aura.


 In the brilliant rainbow light, a pheasant as large as a mountain showed its body. Its crown shone like gold, erecting highly. The feathers on its body shone in all colors, changing all the time and giving an out of this world brilliance.


 "Oh no, it is the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, a myriad beast king level bird! The lava crocodile king is done for," Fang Yuan said immediately


 "Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant?" Bai Ning Bing was perturbed.


 "This is a lone travelling myriad beast king, able to fly in the skies, only landing to find food. Divine pheasant is low in numbers, they have all sorts of rainbow Gu in their bodies. Once they battle, the skies would be filled with rainbow lights, shining in five to seven different lights. Sigh, we can’t get the lava crocodile king anymore. Let’s hurry in, this divine pheasant is extremely sharp eyed like an eagle. If it finds us and comes for the killing, we would be in great trouble." Saying so, Fang Yuan retreated into the cave.


 Bai Ning Bing bit her lips as she followed closely behind.



***
Chapter 208: Escape


***





 Chapter 208: Escape


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 An hour later, the lava crocodile king cried out one last time before it went silent.


 Soon after, Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan heard the sound of the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant pecking its food.


 But Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant ’s appetite was huge, and one lava crocodile king could not satisfy its hunger.


 This night, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing did not sleep.


 After the lava crocodile king’s cries, they heard the white ape’s screaming, the poison swallowing toad’s screech, and the fluttering of the bee groups. Most importantly, there was the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant’s loud cry.


 Only until evening did the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant fly into the skies, drawing a rainbow behind its path.


 Seeing the trail of the rainbow disappearing in the sky, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing finally dared to walk out of the cave.


 The two came to the original valley.


 The valley was completely wrecked, half destroyed. The lava crocodile king laid belly side-up on the ground, as dead as it could be.


 Its stomach was pried open by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, and the flesh and intestines within were all eaten. Only its remaining skeleton held together by the dark red crocodile skin was left.


 The two searched for a while.


 They soon found a red glass fragment — this was the remains of the flame stomach Gu.


 Evidently, the lava crocodile king activated the flame stomach gu for defense, but it was forcefully defeated by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant , causing the flame stomach gu to be destroyed.


 As for the other two Gu; lava explosion and accumulating ash Gu, they were nowhere to be found.


 This was nothing strange.


 Once the host dies, the Gu worms inhibiting the wild beasts’ bodies will leave and roam around like they’ve lost their homes.


 Accumulating ash Gu was a very ideal healing Gu, perfect for Fang Yuan’s situation.


 But things did not go according to one’s will most of the time.


 Not obtaining the accumulating ash Gu was within Fang Yuan’s expectations. But, they did not return empty-handed.


 There was still some flesh left in the lava crocodile king’s corpse.


 The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant ate most of the corpse, but left behind some scraps that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could take.


 After working for an afternoon, they finally cut out all the meat and stored it in the tusita flower.


 "These crocodile meat is enough to feed the crocodile strength Gu for three months. Let’s explore other areas."


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing came to the territory of the white apes.


 The dense forest earlier had white ape groups playing and swinging around.


 But now everywhere there was broken trees, with white ape limbs in the mix, some old, crippled or young apes defended the corpses of their kin as they cried out loud, the entire forest covered in an atmosphere of sadness and devastation.


 The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant had caused a catastrophe to this thousand beast group the night before. Right now only two or three hundred were left, and the last few hundred beast king white apes were all injured.


 Bai Ning Bing stared with shining eyes, "Right now the white ape group is at their weakest, shall we attack?"


 Fang Yuan stopped her.


 Not that he pitied these white apes, but knew that in a way, they were even more dangerous now.


 "An army burning with righteous indignation is bound to win; don’t mess with these white apes. Once you do, they’ll attack in rage, relentlessly attacking until we’re dead. Those few hundred beast kings, although they are injured, it is not something you can deal with alone."


 Bai Ning Bing hearing so, looked at Fang Yuan before giving up on her plan to attack.


 The two moved towards the southwest area; towards the rotten swamp.


 The swamp had turned into a completely different sight, ravaged by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant.


 Their living environment had been greatly destroyed, and the swamp’s major forces were redistributed. Although the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant left, the swamp was not in peace. All sorts of poisonous beings were killing each other, in chaos.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing stood at the fringe of the swamp; in only a while, they saw three battles occurring.


 One sight was of two brightly colored poisonous snakes battling, until one was swallowed by the other. But not long after, a crab-sized scorpion came and stabbed the poisonous snake to death.


 The second battle was between a poison powder moth and an eerie blue toad. When battle ensued, the toad stretched its tongue and swallowed the moth. A moment later, the moth died of suffocation in the toad’s mouth, but the toad was also poisoned to death by the powder.


 The third battle was between a face-sized black spider, coming out from the mud. Its body was covered in ants, after a while the ants won, and completely devoured the spider.


 Seeing such a chaotic scene, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing left immediately.


 Finally they came to the nest of the frenzy needle bee group.


 The house-like beehive had collapsed completely, the surroundings was quiet, not a single frenzy needle bee was left.


 The two got closer.


 Immediately, the fragrant smell of sesame entered Bai Ning Bing’s nose as she sniffed, "What smell is that?"


 "The smell of the beehive. Frenzy needle bee do not create honey, but their hives are a great Gu refinement material. At the same time, it is a kind of food that humans can consume directly." Fang Yuan said so, stretching his arm into the beehive.


 Crack.


 The beehive fragments were dark yellow color.


 Under Bai Ning Bing’s curious gaze, he placed the beehive into his mouth, biting and crushing it in a few bites, swallowing it.


 The beehive tasted like biscuits on earth, fragrant and crispy.


 But undeniably, this naturally produced food was much more delicious than biscuits. It carried a light sweetness, not oily at all, but instead having a refreshing flavor.


 "Mm, good taste!" Bai Ning Bing also took a piece to eat, and after consuming it, she felt her mouth salivating, the sweet flavor caused her frowning eyebrows to ease subconsciously.


 "Our salted meat and dry biscuits are finishing. We should collect some beehives and store it in your tusita flower," Bai Ning Bing suggested.


 Fang Yuan looked at the sky, his expression slightly worried, "I have the same thought, but we have to move quickly."


 "You’re worried that the blood smell of the lava crocodile king as well as the white ape’s corpse will attract new wild beasts? Rest easy, there is no wind today, wild beasts will not be attracted over, at least not in the meantime. During this period, we can collect to our hearts’ content," Bai Ning Bing laughed.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, about to speak when suddenly his expression changed.


 Buzzbuzzbuzz... The sound of bees buzzing and flying entered their ears.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the sky immediately, only to see a thick cloud formed by numerous frenzy needle bees, attacking towards them.


 The frenzy needle beehive, although destroyed by Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, and the most delicious piece of the beehive at the center was eaten, the frenzy needle bees were not reduced much in numbers.


 Frenzy needle bees could not cause damage to the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, so after the latter ate enough, it did not waste extra energy in exterminating these insignificant things.


 Frenzy needle bee group’s house was destroyed, and because they had low intelligence, they started attacking the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant .


 But once the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant flew high into the sky, they no longer had the strength to pursue them, and were unable to continue chasing, thus they could only return to their hive and reconstruct their houses.


 Afterwards, they saw two youngsters standing in their house eating their hive.


 Under this situation, what hesitation was there?


 The fury towards the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant earlier, was completely transferred to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 At once, numerous frenzy needle bees flapped their wings and rained down on the two!


 Bai Ning Bing was stunned.


 "Why are you still not running?!" Fang Yuan turned around and left, taking huge strides.


 Being reminded like this, Bai Ning Bing immediately turned around and chased after Fang Yuan.


 The frenzy needle bee group was behind them, relentlessly chasing.


 Fang Yuan ran in front while Bai Ning Bing fell behind. They did not have a movement-type Gu, thus Bai Ning Bing was quickly caught by the bee group.


 Chink chink chink.


 Bai Ning Bing activated the Sky Canopy Gu, and a white armor appeared but flickered immediately, receiving almost a thousand attacks in just a moment.


 Frenzy needle bee’s needle were tough as steel, extremely sturdy. Together with their high speed flying, it was no inferior to a needle rain attack.


 Large numbers cause a qualitative change.


 Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence continued to reduce; the bee group’s attacks are not to be underestimated!What was more troubling, was that some of the frenzy needle bees had become Gu.


 Rank three frenzy needle bee Gu had piercing ability, so even the Sky Canopy Gu could not defend against it. Bai Ning Bing’s back was quickly pierced and she bled, causing her to grunt in pain, while her running speed broke her usual limits due to the stimulation.


 Bai Ning Bing had never thought she could run so quickly on her own.


 With her speed, it looked like mountain rocks and trees came flying at her, and she had to concentrate with all her mind to dodge them; if she was tripped by anything, the bees would surround her at the first opportunity.


 Under such an attack, she was dead meat!


 With Bai Ning Bing behind him tanking the pressure, Fang Yuan’s situation was much better.


 He activated his primeval essence, injecting them into his Carapace Gu at his back.


 The skin on his back became uneven, slightly bulging and becoming a tough and thick crocodile skin armor.


 Ordinary frenzy needle bees could not penetrate the crocodile skin armor, and the few bee Gu were attracted by Bai Ning Bing.


 After running for another fifteen minutes, the bees still chased relentlessly.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were panting as their speed started to reduce.


 "There’s hope, there’s a lake in front!" As the situation turned dire, Fang Yuan suddenly shouted.


 Bai Ning Bing was overjoyed.


 Trees became less densely packed as a blue white light appeared, expanding within the greenery.


 The two rushed out of the forest, and a lake was seen.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, and with a plop, he jumped into the lake.


 Bai Ning Bing followed closely behind.


 Swish swish swish!


 Frenzy needle bees were bent on getting them, diving into the water as well.


 Bai Ning Bing’s white armor shook intensely, as she received a large number of attacks.


 As the intense pain hit her, she bit her lips and paddled with her hands, swimming towards the deeper parts of the water.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing emerged from the opposite shore.


 The smell of the beehive on their bodies had been washed away, and when looking back at their original spot, there were large numbers of frenzy needle bees indignantly flying about, attacking the water out of frustration.


 Although the frenzy needle bees were small, they were resilient. Even if they fell into the lake, as long as it was not too deep, they would resurface.


 "Damn it..." Bai Ning Bing cursed, still feeling the lingering fear from earlier.


 Her expression was ugly.


 Be it the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, or white ape group, or even the frenzy needle bee group, none of them were those she could deal with.


 If last night she was found by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, she would become its meal.


 Rank three cultivation in this cruel world of nature, was the bottom of the hierarchy.


 "I’ve had enough, when will we reach Bai Gu mountain?"


 "Shush, be quiet!" Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, he half-squatted as his finger touched the remains of a fire that had been put out earlier.


 Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned deeply.


 Undeniably, these were traces left behind by humans.



***
Chapter 209: Encountering a demonic Gu Master


***





 Chapter 209: Encountering a demonic Gu Master


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 The lake water was still, reflecting the clear blue sky and white clouds.


 Even after losing the frenzy needle bee’s chase, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s mood were solemn.


 Because in front of them, there was traces left behind that signified this area was once used by people to start a fire and cook meat.


 Earth Communication Ear grass!


 Fang Yuan willed and roots grew out of his ear, as they extended into the ground and dug their way in, Fang Yuan’s hearing became many times stronger.


 After listening for a while, his expression loosened up, as there was no one ambushing in the vicinity.


 Soon after, he went to the remains of the fire and touched the ashes, not letting go of any evidence that he could find.


 "The fire was started half a month ago, the other party is alone and should not be nearby." After a while, Fang Yuan concluded from his findings.


 "Alone? Gu Masters from a clan have to travel in fives. It seems this person is a demonic Gu Master." Bai Ning Bing frowned as she sighed.


 If it was a Gu Master from a clan, they would be righteous Gu Masters, and there is hope of interaction. If it was a demonic Gu Master, once they meet a battle is assured.


 This situation, is not because "righteous people are kind, while demonic people are evil".


 But because when one is alone, they would display their true nature, there are no restraints in the wild, thus they act without reservation.


 Righteous Gu Masters, move in groups. When they handle matters, they will think about the opinions of the people with them, thus they would act more closely to society’s norm.


 Demonic Gu Masters often moved alone, and were very vigilant, having a strong instinct towards danger. Without anyone to rely on, they would always act to determine and ensure their own safety.


 This was not good news to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 When meeting righteous clan-based Gu Masters, they could avoid battle. But if they met a demonic Gu Master, there would definitely fight, unless they displayed sufficient strength that would cause the demonic Gu Master to shrink in fear and suspicion.


 Unfortunately, Gu Masters that could roam around these wilderness alone have around Rank four cultivation, and special methods of their own. How many weaklings would there be?


 For Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, one was a new Rank three while the other was Rank one initial stage. Without sufficient Gu worms to cover all grounds, even when they travelled in the woods, it was full of danger and every step was a difficult gamble.


 If they encountered a demonic Gu Master, they will most likely be done for.


 "Thankfully we discovered the traces of this campfire, so from now on we should not blinding rush our journey, but recuperate and at least mend our current wounds back to full health," Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing nodded. After being reminded, she also felt her back hurting.


 Fang Yuan summoned the tusita flower, taking out bandages and medicine, giving a large portion to Bai Ning Bing.


 Although the Carapace Gu’s defensive area was small, usually being useless, this time it helped Fang Yuan by a lot.


 And because Bai Ning Bing attracted most of the firepower, Fang Yuan barely had any injuries.


 He quickly handled his wounds, and rushed over to help Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing took off her upper shirt. Numerous fingertip-sized holes filled her back, causing fear to whoever who saw it.


 Frenzy needle bee is Rank three, large in numbers and also having penetrating abilities; it countered the Sky Canopy Gu. But Bai Ning Bing also used the Ice Muscles Gu before, so with two layers of defense, her life was saved.


 Tsk tsk...


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, breathing in deeply as she endured the pain of cleaning the wound.Soon after, the injury was bandaged.


 Fang Yuan placed the empty medicine cans and the last remaining bandage into the tusita flower.


 "We have little medication items left, the same with bandages. Even though we have been thrifty and even reused the bandages when we could, it seems we really need to find a healing Gu as soon as possible." Fang Yuan stood up with a solemn expression.


 Medication is an expendable item, and was difficult to make, and takes time to collect. If they had a healing Gu, not only would the effect be better, it also used primeval essence that can be naturally recovered.


 With this comparison, the superior one stood out easily.


 But an ideal Gu worm is too hard to find.


 The truth is, within this half a month, they encountered many chances, but they either had insufficient strength, or it was an inappropriate environment, lacking proper preparations to capture the Gu.


 "We have to get a healing Gu! But before that, I have a problem here," Bai Ning Bing suddenly said.


 "What problem?" Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows.


 Bai Ning Bing was naked above and she turned over and pointed to her chest, "Eh, these two lumps of meat, they are in the way. When I run they will jump all over the place, and even in battle they are a burden. I want to slice them off, but I’m worried the injury would be too severe. Without a healing Gu worm, I might get into even more trouble."


 She was the Bai clan genius, focused on cultivation. She barely knew anything outside of it, thus having even less concern towards females.


 Even though Bai Ning Bing had turned into a girl, she had lived as a guy for her entire life, thus she didn’t care in her mind and did not treat this body as anything sacred.


 After all, she knew that the Yang Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession could give her back the body of a male anyway.


 Thus, Bai Ning Bing had never thought of herself as a girl.


 Fang Yuan stared at her emotionlessly. "There will be too many problems with slicing them off, you can wrap them up."


 "Wrap what?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "Use the bandage to wrap around your bosom and treat them like an injury. Then they will be fixed in place," Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was helpless and anguished, sighing, "Sigh, that’s the best I can do now."


 The sun gradually sank as the night sky descended.


 There were streams of wild beasts coming to the lake to drink water, and the two did not dare to stay there for long.


 Fang Yuan found a naturally formed cave at a nearby steep cliff. Although it was slightly cramped, it was safe. After clearing the birds living within it, the place became their temporary residence.


 Few days later, Bai Ning Bing’s injuries recovered mostly.


 The two continued on their journey, towards Bai Gu mountain.


 But considering that mysterious demonic Gu Master, on this trip Fang Yuan was extra cautious, constantly stopping and using the Earth Communication Ear grass to check the surroundings.


 On the second day of their journey, their cautiousness reaped them good rewards.


 He found burnt wood under a tree, evidently caused by the demonic Gu Master.


 On the third day, they examined traces of an intense battle near a stream.


 The corpse of a large green python lay there, the meat fully eaten by wild beasts, leaving behind only a skeleton.


 The ground was full of its scales, and the stream even moved in a new path, after many trees were broken and chopped down.


 Fang Yuan observed for a while, his tone relaxing, "That demonic Gu Master once fought an intense battle here with the green python. This is a hundred beast king green python. To undergo such a fight, it seems that this demonic Gu Master also has Rank three cultivation."


 But even so, Fang Yuan did not want to meet with this demonic Gu Master. He would rather deal with unintelligent wild beasts or Gu Masters.


 Gu Masters have intelligence, and would use every bit of strength wisely. A Rank three demonic Gu Master has much greater threat to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing compared to the Frenzy needle bee.


 But things do not go according to wishes, and on the afternoon of that day, the two found traces of the demonic Gu Master once again.


 "This demonic Gu Master is injured. There is some flesh that was cut away, on the ground here, so it seems the Gu Master got poisoned," Fang Yuan said.


 On Earth, there are no poisonous pythons. But in here, they were extremely common.


 Upon hearing so, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone brightly.


 Undeniably this was good news. The weaker the demonic Gu Master, the more advantageous it is for them.


 For the next few days, the trace left behind by the demonic Gu Master increased.


 With his 500 years of experience, Fang Yuan deduced that they were getting closer towards the injured demonic Gu Master.


 "Be extra careful, I can deduce that this Gu Master’s injury is getting more severe, and the green python’s poison has severely infected his/her body. But because of this, a demonic Gu Master’s attitude would easily become more extreme," Fang Yuan reminded Bai Ning Bing.


 Battle would definitely be handled by Bai Ning Bing. Fang Yuan’s Rank one initial stage cultivation is useless.


 The greatest advantage now was that the enemy was out in the open, while Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were hidden.


 The two moved with even more vigilance than before.


 They moved even more slowly, and moved with less distance than before.


 Eventually, on one afternoon, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, keeping the roots coming out of his ears, "I found that demonic Gu Master! That person is in that cave, at their last breath!"


 Just earlier, he heard the sound of human breathing in that cave.


 "Strike while the enemy is weak!" Bai Ning Bing aspired to battle, revealing ruthlessness in her eyes.


 But she was stopped by Fang Yuan.


 "Be patient. We do not need to strike. With this situation, in just a few days she will die of poison."


 "I see." Bai Ning Bing’s killing intent reduced.


 But at this time.


 "The two outside, why bother hiding. I’ve already found you." A weak voice came from the cave.


 Hearing this, it was clear that the demonic Gu Master was female.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, immediately retreating.


 "Don’t you want my primeval stones, my Gu worms?" The voice came from the cave again.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved even more quickly.


 Although the other party was weak, her tone was firm. There was definitely some traps put in place that allowed her to be fearless.


 Moreover, no one is foolish enough to risk it out with a dying person.


 "Leaving after coming here? Hehe, there’s no such easy way out, you shall all stay!" Suddenly, a body came out of the cave.


 "All up to you." Fang Yuan’s body flickered, hiding his presence.


 Bai Ning Bing clicked her tongue, activating the Sky Canopy Gu and summoning the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, engaging the enemy.


 The two fought for three rounds, and the demonic Gu Master was suppressed.


 She was a middle-aged woman without shoes, having large feet and thick black fur growing on her soles. Her face and limbs had a peculiar green color; it was caused by the green python’s poison.


 After a moment, the demonic female Gu Master gradually could not contest. Suddenly, she stepped the ground firmly and jumped back into the cave.


 Bai Ning Bing chased after relentlessly.


 "Don’t chase her!" Fang Yuan suddenly reminded, but did not make it in time.


 Bam!


 A loud explosion occurred right under Bai Ning Bing’s feet as her entire body was blown away.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 Skyfarrow Skyfarrow


 Hi guys. Just a quick update to explain, but lately I had some serious issues in real life. Not something I can talk about here... but you can ask me in Discord if you really want. Hopefully it will be stable soon and I’ll update more in future.



***
Chapter 210: Plotting


***





 Chapter 210: Plotting


 Translator: Skyfarrow Editor: Skyfarrow


 Rocks and fragments flew, as smoke rose into the air.


 Bai Ning Bing was sent flying to the ground, but with a jump, she stood up again.


 She had the protection of the Sky Canopy Gu and was uninjured, but the Sky Canopy Gu in her aperture took the impact, her white armor fading by at least 30%.


 "What the fuck?" Bai Ning Bing cursed, concentrating and looking over.


 The explosion site had turned into a two to three metre crater.


 Inside the cave, the demonic female Gu Master laughed smugly, "Good! Even if I didn’t kill you this time, come at me again if you have the guts, little woman!"


 "Hmph," Bai Ning Bing snorted. Although she was furious, she was not an impulsive person.


 During the earlier explosion, although the Sky Canopy Gu protected her, if she took a few more hits, the Sky Canopy Gu would have been destroyed.


 "What was that earlier? An explosion suddenly burst from the ground, so if I left the ground, would I be able to avoid such an attack?" Bai Ning Bing thought in her heart. She was not stupid, although naive and pure in some areas, and her battle instincts and wits were still at genius level.


 "I do not have a flying Gu, and if I leap I am bound to touch the ground, no, I do not have to attack. This person’s words earlier was trying to incite me to attack, hehe."


 Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing laughed darkly, "Do you think you are safe if you hide in the cave? I just have to camp here, you will come out eventually."


 "Hahaha, then wait all you want. I have prepared a large amount of food, and you are vulnerable to the weather outside, so let’s see who will outlast the other!" The Demonic female Gu Master retorted.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, for the longer they dragged, the more beneficial it was for her. Because this demonic female Gu Master was poisoned by the green python, she would get weaker as time passed.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan cupped his fist at the demonic female Gu Master. "We met by coincidence in the wild, we are purely passing by. Sigh, making things difficult for you, is the same as making life hard for ourselves. I hope we do not meet again. Farewell!"


 Saying so, he turned around and left.


 "Go where? She is only a Rank three Gu Master, as long as we grasp that explosion method, we are assured to win!" Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 Fang Yuan snorted, "You are also Rank three, but I am Rank one. Let’s hurry on the journey, stop creating so much troubles. Better safe than sorry."


 Bai Ning Bing was stunned, but quickly understood Fang Yuan was acting. Although she did not know what he was planning, with her understanding of him, she decided to cooperate with him, pretending to be angry, "You are always so cowardly, sigh, nevermind, I’ll spare your life."


 She looked at the demonic female Gu Master deeply, not hiding her killing intent. Soon after, she followed Fang Yuan into the woods, out of the demonic female Gu Master’s field of vision.


 After they got enough distance, Bai Ning Bing broke the silence, "That explosion technique of hers is not a problem. When she fought me earlier, she did not use it. Only when she stepped into the cave and I got into range did the explosion occur. I’m guessing she buried the Gu ahead of time, and cannot move it. We can lure a group of wild beasts and use them to test out her traps."


 These words fully displayed Bai Ning Bing’s talent for battle.


 But Fang Yuan laughed, asking instead, "Then what comes next?"


 Bai Ning Bing was stunned.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, his eyes shining brightly, "According to what you said, luring a group of wild beasts to test her traps, so what? Forcing her into a dead end, once she knows she has no chance to survive, she will risk her life to battle, at least bringing one of us with her. Even if we survive, we will suffer losses."


 "Plus, even if we defeat her, she will carry the thought of ’not leaving anything valuable to us’, and destroy all her Gu worms. For a Gu Master to destroy his own Gu worms, it only takes a thought. We have no method to prevent it, so after we kill her, we won’t get any Gu worms. What benefit is there to us?"


 Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 Earlier, they had guarded against this demonic Gu Master, afraid of getting ambushed by her, it was to protect themselves. But once they found out that she was not too strong, their intentions changed completely—


 It was to kill this weakened demonic Gu Master, and take her Gu worms, strengthening themselves!


 Wild Gu worms were of all types, but those with suitable ranks and were easy to feed were few. A Gu Master’s Gu worms were all carefully selected, considering all aspects. If they can be obtained, it would be much better than capturing wild Gu worms.


 But very few people can obtain Gu worms after killing their enemies.


 Other than dying in battle, Gu Masters just need one thought to order the Gu worm to destroy itself. Many of those defeated have enough time to react, and would not leave their Gu worms to the mortal enemies that kill them. It would not be hard to kill this demonic Gu Master. But to take all her Gu worms, it would be difficult.


 "Don’t you have a Plunder Gu?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "One Plunder Gu can have little effect. Dealing with wild beasts is still fine, but against Gu Masters, to succeed we need to fulfill harsh conditions." Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly thought of something, worried. "If we leave like this and end up allowing her to escape easily, what would we do then?"


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, saying confidently, "In the short period, she will not escape."


 Righteous Gu Masters, either clan or sect-based, would receive a degree of nurturing, and had higher quality.


 Conversely, demonic Gu Masters were often uneven in quality.


 Some were traitors of the righteous path, thus these people have been trained and have Gu Master foundations. However, some were farmers or hunters that obtained a chance to awaken their aperture, obtaining some inheritance and were considered half-baked.


 "This demonic female Gu Master has a rough accent and poor fighting tactics. She does not have enough survival experience either. Everywhere she goes, she leaves behind traces, and even after getting injured, she does not conceal the blood traces. I see that her body is tough and healthy, having large hands and feet. She is most likely a farmer, only lucky to have gotten an inheritance."


 Fang Yuan continued analyzing, "That explosion earlier should be a Rank two grass Gu that she buried in advance, called the Charred Thunder Potato. No matter who steps on it, an explosion will occur. A farmer peasant, how much knowledge can she have? Getting python poison and being unable to cure it, with her worsening injuries, she feels frightened and unsafe, thus she subconsciously planted many Charred Thunder Potatoes in front of the cave."


 "If we force her, she might do some extreme things. But if we leave on purpose, she will have a breather and temporarily relax her emotions. She might even suspect whether or not did we truly leave. There are dangers outside, and she might encounter us. Meanwhile, those Charred Thunder Potatoes give her the greatest assurance. Thus in this short period, she is not going to leave."


 Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, listening quietly.


 As much as she denied it, she had to agree with Fang Yuan’s analysis. What he said made sense, almost like he could see the events before him; she could not compare to him!


 "You analysed well, but she has poison on her, there is no way to drag. She will eventually leave the cave," Bai Ning Bing retorted.


 Fang Yuan nodded, pointing at his right ear, "Thus, we have to surveil her."


 His Earth Communication Ear grass Gu, although only Rank two, had much greater range than most Rank three Gu worms.


 Bai Ning Bing shook her head. "Hmph, your decision has problems too. Activating the Earth Communication Ear grass requires continuous primeval essence expenditure. Even if you have the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and can recover primeval essence quickly, one person’s effort is ultimately limited. You have to rest and sleep, you can’t be checking on her all the time right?"


 Facing this suspicion, Fang Yuan rolled his eyes, "How come you’re becoming stupid? There is one of her and two of us."


 Gu worms could be lent, so they could use the Earth Communication Ear grass Gu interchangeably, in intervals.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, shame flashing across her eyes.


 "Fuck! Such a simple issue, how could I not think of it?" She gritted her teeth, begrudging her own lowly mistake.


 Fang Yuan laughed secretly.


 The root of the matter was that Bai Ning Bing did not want Fang Yuan to suppress her, thus she subconsciously wanted to retort Fang Yuan as much as she could, instead causing her to lose her bearings instead.


 Fang Yuan was happy to see such retorts, for each time Bai Ning Bing failed, it would cause her to be subdued further.


 This submission is negligible, but it was a subtle influence, and even Bai Ning Bing herself could not detect it.


 One day when she finally realizes it, she would already be under Fang Yuan’s rule.


 To Fang Yuan, this demonic female Gu Master was only one target, while Bai Ning Bing was the second target.


 *****


 Chen Cui Hua was shellshocked.


 She was originally a farmer, and one day when plowing the fields, she fell into a cave.


 In the cave, she found a corpse, and became a Gu Master after receiving the inheritance out of the blue.


 Gu Master!


 Chen Cui Hua never thought that one day she would become one of the esteemed lord Gu Masters herself!


 But after a short happiness, disaster ensued.


 A mountain leopard as large as a buffalo assaulted her village with green winds surrounding its body.


 The entire village was wiped out, and she was chased by the mountain leopard, but managed to escape due to her Gu worms.


 After roaming the wilderness for half a year, her Gu worms died out one by one, and finally, she encountered a large python. Although she killed it, she was also poisoned as a result.


 And today, she met two Gu Masters.


 This was the third time she met Gu Masters. The first two taught her a painful lesson, letting her learn how to protect herself.


 But she was still a half-baked Gu Master, severely lacking foundations.


 Thinking of the earlier battle, she panicked.


 She was not the girl’s match!


 Luckily, she had buried many Charred Thunder Potatoes earlier. And thankfully, the male was meek and cowardly, choosing to leave.


 Chen Cui Hua saw their bodies vanish into the forest and breathed a sigh of relief.


 But she was not certain that they had truly left.


 Her investigative Gu worm could allow her to see everything within 350 steps. The clarity was as if they are right in front of her.


 But she did not have X-ray vision.


 "I’ll wait a few days, I’ll go out after three days," Chen Cui Hua thought to herself. At this point, she had already learnt to be vigilant and patient.



***
Chapter 211: Road


***





 Chapter 211: Road


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 High in the sky, the winds roared.


 "Die!" Lord Sky Crane screamed, using his remaining strength to turn into a white light, crashing towards First Generation Gu Yue.


 "You’re too naive to think of killing me." Blood wight opened his mouth, his fangs exposed, as he charged ahead.


 Bam!


 A large explosion occurred, the impact pushing the two away by a long distance.


 Both were injured!


 " As long as the mountain remains, water continues to flow ". Junior brother, remember today’s grudge, I will repay it someday." First Generation Gu Yue laughed loudly, activating his bat wings, trying to fly away.


 Suddenly a huge shadow appeared in the sky.


 He raised his head, only to see that heavily injured iron beak flying crane king.


 "Not dead? Damn it..." First gen Gu Yue’s expression changed.


 Being intercepted by the iron beak flying crane king, Lord Sky Crane caught up and unleashed a pincer attack. Eventually, the flying crane king’s corpse fell to the ground, while blood wight was completely destroyed.


 Lord Sky Crane grabbed First Generation Gu Yue’s head, floating in mid-air, after his gaze was scattered for a while, he finally regained his concentration.


 He raised his head and laughed three times, and then started crying.


 After venting his emotions, he flew towards Qing Mao mountain, but was suppressed by Bai Ning Bing’s self-detonation, forcing him to use the Life-burial Jade Gu, after he broke out of the ice, he frantically searched around, but only found Fang Zheng who was at his dying breath from under the ice.


 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 The images on the wall, showed this scene truthfully.


 What happened next will be skipped, it is the scenery along the path Lord Sky Crane travelled.


 Immortal Crane Sect is one of the oldest sects in the Middle Continent. In practice, when a person in the sect goes out for an emergency mission, they would bring along a Gu worm that will record the process.


 Regardless of whether the mission succeeds, the Gu Master will return to the mountain and report the results, and the sect will evaluate the assessment based on the events that were recorded.


 Lord Sky Crane, although a sect elder, was also not freed from this rule.


 However, he was too senior in authority and barely any Gu Masters had the qualification to assess him in the sect; not even the current Immortal Crane Sect leader could.


 But at this point, the elderly sitting in front of Lord Sky Crane was not an ordinary person.


 Supreme Elder He Feng Yang, Rank 6 Gu Master, titled Winged Crane Flying Immortal!


 He was wearing a white robe with a black belt, sitting on a futon with wide sleeves.


 His face looked like a youngster, smooth as jade. His eyebrows were green and long, extending to his waist. His eerie dark eyes stared at the scene in the wall, and then slowly retracted his gaze.


 Lord Sky Crane stood beside him politely, not even daring to breathe loudly.


 Truthfully speaking, Lord Sky Crane had been asleep for almost a thousand years, and the Crane immortal was still his junior. However, seniority was not determined by age, but by strength.


 Lord Sky Crane was rank 5, and although he was only a rank away from He Feng Yang, this distance was like an entire world apart, the difference between heaven and earth.


 Rank 5 are mortals, rank 6 are immortals!


 "Lord Sky Crane." He Feng Yang spoke slowly, his voice as soothing as the calm river water.


 "I am here." Lord Sky Crane quickly replied.


 "Although you killed our sect’s traitor this time, you did not manage to retrieve the blood skull gu. Instead, you were suppressed and toyed around by two juniors..." in the room, He Feng Yang’s voice reverbed.


 Lord Sky Crane’s head was hung even lower, showing signs of shame.


 "However, one of them is the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, no surprise you got suppressed. What’s fortunate is that you tried to make amendments later. Let me ask you, the young man that you brought back, is he really the twin of the young man in the video?" He Feng Yang asked.


 "I’ve already investigated, it is so. The one that escaped is his older brother Fang Yuan, the one captured is the younger brother Fang Zheng. What’s stranger is, these two are not on good terms. When I showed him the video of his brother slaughtering their clansmen, he hated his brother so much he would kill him on the spot." Lord Sky Crane laughed eerily.


 He Feng Yang nodded: "It seems you have a plan, but do you have enough time?"


 Lord Sky Crane’s expression changed, his face turning solemn: "Supreme elder is right. My lifespan is at its limit, I am about to die, with only a few days left to live. Even the life-burial jade gu cannot change my fate."


 His situation can only be resolved by finding a lifespan gu, to solve the root problem.


 But lifespan gu is hard to find, there are a few in Immortal Crane Sect, but they are not for him. They are held in the hands of the sect leader and some supreme elders.


 "Thus, I have given up my lifetime’s saving and gu worms earlier, to exchange for a spirit incubating flea. I’ve brought Fang Zheng into our sect, and made him my pupil. Afterwards I will teach him, and refine the bloodkin worm. I will then incite him to kill his brother, and retrieve the blood skull gu for our Immortal Crane Sect!" Lord Sky Crane said.


 He Feng Yang raised his eyebrows: "It sounds like you are confident of your plans. But, will that Fang Zheng really be manipulated by you?"


 "Although he had good talent, he is after all a kid. After I die, and store my soul in the spirit incubating flea, I will accompany him to grow, and advise him in cultivation. The road has already been paved for him, all he has to do is to walk!"


 Saying so, Lord Sky Crane kneeled on the ground, begging: "Please give me another chance supreme elder!"


 He Feng Yang was solemn, before saying: "Nevermind, this might be your last attempt anyway."


 "Thank you elder, thank you elder!" Lord Sky Crane was overjoyed.


 "Go, I await your good news."


 "Within twenty years, I will attain success!" Lord Sky Crane was excited and his tone was trembling, as he made his way out.


 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 Southern borders, Wan Cheng mountain, Tie clan city.


 The tall thick blackrock walls, extended thousands of li. Tie clan city was built at the upper half of the mountain, many rock houses, steel towers, lined up and extended to the mountain peak.


 The sunlight shone down on people who moved about in the city; carriages, horses and crowds, showing off a scene of prosperity.


 Clan leader pavilion is situated at the mountain peak, heavily defended, and have little people moving around. Patrolling groups take turns and the Gu Masters are all vigilant, with not a hint of slack.


 On top of the clan leader pavillion, two people were standing.


 A middle aged man with a face cold as steel, with some warmth in his eyes.


 Beside him was a young girl, having a sad but determined gaze.


 It was Tie Ruo Nan.


 "You’ve only been back for a few days right? This is the 19th time you are asking me. I am extremely upset by your father’s death. You lost your mother early, and now your father too, but you must remember, you have me, your uncle. You are my niece, I will not put you in danger." Tie clan leader sighed.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes were shining, staring straight at Tie clan leader: "Uncle do you know? Although father passed away, I feel happy for him amidst my sadness. Father has spent his life eliminating evil, punishing crime. He did it, even with his injuries he did not back down. He walked on his path and finished it with resolution. And now, it is time for me to do the same."


 Tie clan leader was stunned.


 This moment, he could see Tie Xie Leng’s shadow in Tie Ruo Nan.


 So similar, these eyes, this gaze.


 In his recollection, he seemed to have returned to his younger days, with Tie Xie Leng by his side, staring at the demon suppression tower at the peak of the mountain, saying with determination: "I will bring down all crime in this world, and fill the world with justice and love! Locking all demonic Gu Masters in the demon suppression tower, even if I have to fill it up!"


 The oath back then, was still echoing in his ears. But his friend is no longer around......


 Seeing the two images overlap, Tie clan leader shook his head, dispelling the memories, he looked at the adamant Tie Ruo Nan with an admiring, loving, worried, and encouraging gaze: "The path that you chose is not an easy one."


 TRN did not answer, but looked at the mountain peak.


 On Wan Cheng mountain’s peak area, there is a majestic steel tower.


 Its aura was overwhelming, like it is holding up the heavens, stepping on the mountains. The white clouds surround it like a mist, causing others to see it in a foggy image, adding a hint of mystery to the tower.


 This tower is not only famous in the southern borders, but also famous all over the world, even in middle continent many people know of it.


 Demon suppression tower!


 The tower itself is a over three hundred metres tall, with almost a hundred floors. It was designed to be rustic, and ancient, overflowing with righteousness. Since it was built, hundreds, thousands, and even ten thousand demonic Gu Masters have been imprisoned by Tie clan.


 Even Tie clan leader was not sure.


 It was the symbol of righteousness, the pride of the Tie Gu Masters. It is also the resting place for many demonic cultivators, leaving behind their anguish, regret, indignance, and remorse.


 Demonic Gu Masters pale when talking about it, and righteous Gu Masters dance in pride when speaking of it!


 Tie Ruo Nan opened her mouth, her tone determined, like she was talking to Tie clan leader, and also herself: "Wan Cheng mountain peak has a demon suppression tower. My heart also has a demon suppression tower, this path, father could not finish walking on it, I will walk it for him!"


 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 "I can’t hold on much longer..." Chen Cui Hua felt her head spinning, feeling sick and wanting to vomit at times. But she had nothing to vomit, and her body felt weak, as a sense of lethargy hit her.


 Her plan to was hold on for three days, but a day had passed and she knew she was too optimistic.


 The danger the python poison caused her was worsening. She knew she was being forced into a dead end; she needed to find a healing gu worm as soon as possible.


 "God damn it, if not for those two bastards, I might’ve caught a wild gu and cured my poison already." She felt uneasy, after getting poisoned, she had been trying to find a healing gu, but amidst the large forest, filled with danger, she did not have any catching methods and have no made any progress.


 Bai Ning Bing raised her dagger, cutting towards her right ear.


 "Hold it." Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, grabbing Bai Ning Bing’s limb.


 The sharp knife was only a millimetre away from her right ear.


 To use the earth hearing ear grass, one needed to cut off their right ear and replace it. It was just a ear, nothing much, especially compared to the rewards, Bai Ning Bing did not feel any hesitation.


 Demonic cultivators, were ruthless in nature; ruthless to others, and even more to themselves!


 Only people like who can give up what is needed and can have a great achievement.


 "No need to do so, she’s out." Fang Yuan said, starting to move.


 He used the earth hearing ear grass, following Chen Cui Hua from far away.


 Not long later, he heard fighting noises.


 The two moved closely with the dense shrubs, following behind secretly, only to see this demonic female Gu Master fighting with a twin-headed boar.


 After watching for a while, their eyes shone with excitement.


 Chen Cui Hua’s situation was disastrous, her battle strength was lower than ordinary by a large margin. This twin-headed boar is a hundred beast king, having a defensive gu.


 "This is a battle of attrition, we can take advantage of them."


 "She really buried the charred thunder potato gu!"


 "A bit strange, this Gu Master fought for so long, why isn’t her primeval essence running out?"


 "It seems she has some support gu like the heavenly essence treasure lotus, or fish bubble gu etc..."


 After another short while, Fang Yuan saw that the time was right, and called the stealth scales gu, handing it to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing understood and nodded in agreement, hiding her body and getting closer secretly.


 Bam!


 Another explosion occurred, the twin-headed boar stepped on another charred thunder potato gu.


 This time, it fell for good, never getting up again. It laid on the ground, continuing to struggle as its stomach was blown open. Its intestines started to flow out as its blood oozed out.


 "This damn boar, what a thick skin. Only after so many explosions did it die!" Chen Cui Hua breathed roughly, leading against a tree, seeing darkness ahead of her.


 This battle drained her last remaining energy, as extremely fatigue hit her.


 The fear in her heart sustained her, preventing her from just fainting immediately.


 "No, I have to hurry back to the cave, if I collapse in the wild, it will be too dangerous!"


 She was about to move, when she felt wind by her ears.


 "Strange, how can there be wind?" This was the last question in her lifetime.


 Bai Ning Bing patiently got closer, and struck like lightning. She used the boar’s death, to cause the demonic female Gu Master to let down her guard, then killed her in one strike!


 Chen Cui Hua’s brain was smashed by the chainsaw golden centipede, as her headless body plopped on the ground.


 "We did it." Fang Yuan laughed heartily, walking over quickly.


 Bai Ning Bing had already squatted down, her mind entering Chen Cui Hua’s aperture, slightly disappointed: "There’s only three gu in the aperture."


 Gu worms that were refined by Gu Masters were slightly rigid, not as witty as wild Gu worms.


 The demonic female Gu Master was dead. Her aperture started to get dark, as the three Gu worms remained inside.


 But this was no problem for Fang Yuan.


 "Plunder Gu!" He willed, easily retrieving these three Gu.


 They were: One rice bag grass Gu, one iron thorn thistle Gu, and a charred thunder bean mother Gu.


 These were not all.


 Fang Yuan searched around, and found a hairy leg Gu in the demonic female Gu Master, a jumping grass Gu. Lastly he found a bookworm in her smashed brain matter.


 Unfortunately, this bookworm had already been killed by Bai Ning Bing’s attack earlier.


 "This bookworm has to be the inheritance item, the information inside helped her to learn many things about Gu Masters, it should have some secret recipes etc." Fang Yuan said in pity.


 "Nevermind the bookworm, there’s no healing Gu in this demonic Gu Master?" Bai Ning Bing was greatly disappointed.


 Fang Yuan was solemn, not speaking.


 He expected her to not have a healing Gu already, since she was poisoned and if she had a healing Gu, even if it could not remove the poison, she would not be in such a bad state.


 What he felt weird was, in the battle earlier, this demonic Gu Master’s performance was weird. Especially in terms of primeval essence, her recovery speed surpassed A grade, in par with the ten extreme physiques.


 But she was not a ten extreme physique, only having A grade talent, and among these Gu worms, none could help recover primeval essence.


 "So this is how the breasts are tied." At this time, Bai Ning Bing unfolded the demonic female Gu Master’s breast wraps.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixated on the silver triangle tattoo on the corpse’s breasts.


 "The third watch Gu!" Fang Yuan was surprised.


 " Third watch 1 Gu, what’s that?" Bai Ning Bing raised her eyebrows.


 "This Gu is rank 5, able to accelerate time by three times. It is gone after one use, an expenditure type Gu. Once used on a Gu Master, it will form a silver triangle tattoo on their chest."


 Soon after, Fang Yuan explained in detail.


 Third watch Gu, when used on a Gu Master, caused their time to flow three times as fast.


 The river of time, flowing at its pace, measured at a singular speed. To normal people, a day is a day.


 But to the third watch Gu’s user, a day is akin to three days condensed into one.


 Chen Cui Hua who had the third watch Gu, experienced rapid cultivation growth. When others used one day to nurture their aperture, she used three. The difference in speed is evidently seen.


 There is another advantage, that is primeval essence recovery. On her, the river of time flows faster, three times of normal people. Thus, her primeval essence recover is also three times.


 This is also why, in the battle earlier, her recovery was something that caught Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing by surprise.


 But everything has two sides, good and bad.


 With such a great effect, the third watch Gu has an equivalent weakness!


 The worse was, it expended lifespan. When time flows three times as fast, her lifespan shrinks in proportion, reduced to a third of the original.


 Chen Cui Hua only got her inheritance for less than a year, but to her it was almost three years.


 Also, any injuries or illnesses that required time to aggravate, would intensify on her.


 The green python’s poison, needed time to infiltrate her body, and worsen. When others get poisoned, they experience the worsening of poison at a daily rate. But to her, it was three days worth of worsening everyday.


 This is also why the poison affected her so greatly.


 "To be given this third watch Gu, it seems this woman’s inheritance is at least a rank 5 inheritance. Unfortunately, it had gone to waste, falling in the hands of such a person." Bai Ning Bing snorted, looking at the headless corpse in disdain.


 In the long run, the third watch Gu’s danger is huge, shrinking the Gu Master’s life to a third. But the truth is, this Gu is very useful to a demonic Gu Master.


 Demonic Gu Masters fight alone, without any clan or sect’s support. They also have to guard against the ganged attack of the righteous faction, and thus put survival as their priority.


 Only living is important, everything else can be discarded.


 The higher their cultivation, the greater their chances to survive.


 Third watch Gu can condense a Gu Master’s life, displaying their full potential at once, like the sakura blossoms, or fireworks, shortlived but brilliance.


 But without the third watch Gu, the sakura’s buds won’t grow in time, and would have been uprooted already.


 "This is nothing strange, those who use the third watch Gu are all courageous and forward looking people. But this woman had a different personality, weak and meek, like dragging and have no courage to move ahead. Thus she ended up like this, it is life." Fang Yuan gave the corpse a final look, before concluding.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was ugly.


 Without a healing gu, what outcome would they face. This demonic female Gu Master was the best example.


 Would this be her future as well?


 Fang Yuan laughed instead, patting her shoulders, consoling: "The paths in this world are carved out by humans. Everyone has their own paths, no matter how wide others’ path is, it might not suit you. We are both walking on our own paths, what is there to worry?"


 Hearing so, Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, before lightening up, nodding: "You are right."


 Fang Yuan squinted, gazing at the dense forest ahead.


 After killing this demonic Gu Master, and obtaining her Gu worms, his strength increased tremendously.


 But he knows that he lacked a healing Gu, and did not place his hopes in his luck.


 From now on, he might get a healing Gu, or be like this demonic female Gu Master, not getting anything even until death. Or the next moment, he might get trampled by wild beasts and die, ending his ambitions.


 But so what?


 Stepping on his path, and continuing forward; that is all there is to do.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Really sorry about the lack of chapters lately. As some of you might know, I am Skyfarrow’s partner in translating GZR. He is experiencing some real life problems at the moment. Hopefully things get back on schedule as soon as possible. Enjoy reading this really long chapter, cheers!



***
Chapter 212: Monkey Brain Delicacy


***





 Chapter 212: Monkey Brain Delicacy


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Swish swish swish~


 In the aperture, waves of primeval essence ebb and flow, rushing towards the surrounding aperture walls.


 The sea was jade green, crashing continuously, it was rank 1 initial stage primeval essence.


 Rank 1 Gu masters have green copper primeval essence, initial stage being jade, middle stage is pale green, upper stage is dark green and peak stage is black green.


 The surrounding aperture walls were shining brightly; under the attack of the jade green waves, his foundation was slowly built up.


 Afterwards, the white light burst, and dimmed. White light condensed with each other, forming a water-ish light ripple.


 At this point, the aperture light wall turned into a water wall.


 "Finally, from rank 1 initial stage to middle stage." A light excitement emerged in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 Initial stage aperture walls are light walls, middle stage is water walls.


 Once the water walls are created, it means Fang Yuan was back to rank 1 middle stage.


 "It has been over 20 days since we killed that demonic female Gu master. During this period, I’ve been cultivating non-stop, not wasting a single minute. It is no wonder I advanced to middle stage." Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 "What a pity I do not have the liquor worm on me, otherwise my cultivation would be even faster."


 Liquor worm can cause a Gu master’s primeval essence to be refined into one small realm higher. Using it to assist in cultivation, can achieve a greater result with less effort.


 Since Fang Yuan’s rebirth, other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, the first Gu worm he got was the liquor worm.


 After that, he purchased a second one and refined the two into the four flavor liquor worm.


 A pity though, was that the four flavor liquor worm only works on rank 2 Gu masters, being useless to the current Fang Yuan.


 The truth is, Fang Yuan had gotten three liquor worms in Qing Mao mountain. The third was from Gu Yue Yao Le’s body.


 This liquor worm was kept in Fang Yuan’s hands, but after the Tie father and daughter came, to prevent himself from getting exposed, and being worried about Tie Xie Leng’s investigative methods, he destroyed the liquor worm along with his other loots.


 After it happened, whether it was the right move or not, since Fang Yuan did it, he had no regrets.


 Even though now, if he had kept the liquor worm, it would be use to him, but at least, during that time, it did not allow the Tie father and daughter to investigate the matter on Gu Yue Yao Le.


 "If I reverse refine the four flavor liquor worm, I can get the rank 1 liquor worm, but there are many requirements to reverse refine, I cannot fulfill the conditions.


 Gu masters nurture Gu, use Gu, refine Gu. For refining Gu, it is split into fusion and reverse refinement.


 Fusion, is to turn low rank Gu worms into a higher rank. Reverse is the opposite.


 To reverse refine the four flavor liquor worm, there are many ways. Using the prodigal son Gu, will obtain two rank 1 liquor worms. Using the revert Gu, only 1 liquor worm is obtained. The butterfly transformation Gu will get the eerie qi butterfly. Using the unpredictable Gu, what Gu is obtained will be unknown, possibly something new all together.


 For Fang Yuan, the best case was the prodigal son Gu.


 But prodigal Gu was rarer than the liquor worm, and was hard to obtain. Best case scenario was revert Gu.


 Using revert Gu, although he will lose a liquor worm, Fang Yuan would not hesitate to do it.


 Retaining the four flavor liquor worm, and wait for rank 2 cultivation, that is under a safe environment. Now that Fang Yuan was in danger all the time, everything he does has to be for survival.


 The higher his cultivation rose, higher the chances to live.


 Cheep Cheep Cheep~


 Outside the cave, monkey screeches and footsteps could be heard.


 Fang Yuan’s ears twitched, he was familiar with the owner of the footsteps.


 As expected, not long after, Bai Ning Bing appeared.


 Her entire body was covered in a layer of thorn clothing. This special clothing, is completely made of green vines and black sharp thorns, giving Bai Ning Bing defense and also used for attacking purposes.


 To those fighting barehanded, these thorns that were as sturdy as steel would leave a lasting impression on them.


 This thistle shirt, was formed by the iron thorn thistle Gu.


 After killing the demonic female Gu master, Bai Ning Bing wanted this rank 3 grass Gu, requesting for it and refining it as her lifebound Gu.


 "So troublesome. Every time I leave and return, I have to be so careful of those charred thunder potatoes. Can’t you bury less of them?" She said as she begrudged, staring at the ground below her, jumping around as she avoided some pitfalls.


 "Better to be safe than sorry." Fang Yuan replied lightly, turning his gaze towards Bai Ning Bing’s waist.


 On her waist was a string of monkeys.


 These monkeys were tiny, the largest was merely arm length. They had round heads, and thick black monkey hair, smooth and shiny. What was most prominent, was the tree leaves growing on their waists.


 These green leaves formed a circle, linked together around the monkey’s hip bone and butt, like a grass skirt.


 These were the grass skirt monkeys.


 The grass skirt monkeys were delicious, being the source of food for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing these days.


 These captured grass skirt monkeys were aware of their outcomes, struggling intensely but to no avail.


 The entire cave reverbed with their cries, and horrified screams.


 It was lunch time.


 "Grill them, I am a little hungry." Bai Ning Bing rubbed her tummy, throwing the tied grass skirt monkeys on the ground.


 "Let me prepare them first, you can grill them later. Your grilled meat tastes much better than mine." She squatted down, about to kill them.


 Fang Yuan stopped her: "Let me teach you a new eating method."


 Afterwards, he moved his finger, and a Gu flew out of Bai Ning Bing’s aperture with a bloody light.


 The blood light landed on Fang Yuan’s palm, turning into a blood moon insignia.


 It was blood moon Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s palm started to glow with red light.


 Although the blood moon Gu was rank 3, Fang Yuan was not using it to attack, thus he could still barely control it.


 Bai Ning Bing did not know his intentions, her blue eyes staring intensely.


 Only to see Fang Yuan stretching his hand, raising a grass skirt monkey. He grabbed its neck, causing its head to be unable to move.


 Soon after, the palm shining with red light landed on the monkey’s head, and circled one round.


 Back then, he used the moonlight Gu to open the gambling rocks, now he used the blood moon Gu to cut the monkey’s head.


 After one round, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence hit rock bottom.


 As the red light vanished from his palm, Fang Yuan smiled as he grabbed the monkey’s head, pulling it, and opened its skull.


 The white monkey brain was revealed from within.


 The grass skirt monkey struggled profusely, screaming in utter pain, its shrill screams echoed in the cave.


 But Fang Yuan has the strength of two boars, his arms like steel, not moving at all. The grass skirt monkey’s limbs were tender and did not have claws, unable to harm Fang Yuan at all even if it tried.


 "Have a taste of this fresh monkey brain." Saying so, Fang Yuan handed a spoon to Bai Ning Bing.


 "Like this, raw?" Bai Ning Bing looking at the white brain with some blood traces, hesitated.


 Fang Yuan smiled, demonstrating.


 He placed the spoon into the monkey brain, scooping and placing it into his mouth, as he swallowed, the brain flowed down his throat.


 At that moment, the grass skirt monkey’s screams intensified, its body spazzing like it was electrocuted.


 Bai Ning Bing tried too, scooping the monkey brain and placing it into her mouth.


 At once, a fragrant grass smell spread from her tongue, without a tint of blood. Like the texture of beancurd, with just a little strength, the entire monkey brain melts in your mouth, with a little sweetness, giving a refreshing taste, in the entire mouth.


 Her throat gulped, swallowing this monkey brain. Her blue eyes shone with bright light, crystal clear, as the fairy like face showed an enjoying expression.


 "So incredibly delicious!" The young girl exclaimed.


 "Only this grass skirt monkey can have such a taste. Their brain is a natural delicacy." Fang Yuan said as he scooped another into his mouth.


 He advanced to middle stage, and it calls for a mini celebration, this monkey brain is a good reward.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily, moving faster than before, swallowing the second mouthful.


 This grass skirt monkey whose skull was cut open, after a temporary madness, was at death’s door. Its bright jewel like eyes had already turned dim.


 Other grass skirt monkeys seeing their companions’ state, struggling like crazy trying to escape.


 Under the restrain of the ropes, their struggles were futile, only allowing them to roll around on the ground.


 Eating this monkey brain feels like eating ice cream on earth, the two worked together and very quickly finished this monkey brain.


 "One more, one more." Bai Ning Bing did not have enough, licking her lips and waving the spoon, demanding.


 Fang Yuan’s primeval essence had recovered to 90% already, he did the same thing and cut open another skull.


 At once, the two continued their meal, satisfied. In the cave, the echoes of the screaming grass skirt monkeys were shrill and painfully heard.


 After eating the monkey brains, they grilled the monkey meat.


 The monkey meat of the grass skirt monkey were fresh and succulent, especially their breast meat. The entire taste was like fish grilled on bamboo leaves.


 Rice bag grass.


 Fang Yuan willed, and a green light shot out of his aperture.


 The light landed on the ground, growing green buds.


 In a few breath’s time, the bud grew into leaves, and the leaves expanded, turning into vines. The vines extended, and after covering ten metres, a few branches grew large leaves.


 These leaves looked like buckets. Firstly, only a finger could fit. But eventually, it became fist size, bowl size, and finally ripe.


 Bai Ning Bing meticulously plucked a leaf.


 Opening the leaves at the top, rice could be seen inside. Large plump kernels, perfectly white.


 Bai Ning Bing raised her head and opened her mouth, pouring a mouthful of rice into her mouth, after chewing, she ate some monkey meat to add some flavor.


 "Eating till full is satisfaction." She exclaimed.


 "How are those grass skirt monkeys." Fang Yuan asked.


 Bai Ning Bing’s mind came back: "No issue if we do not enter that forest deeply. But once we do, three monkey kings show up. The wine you want to get is at the most central area of the forest, it will not be easy to obtain."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Another chapter! Next one will be on the weekends! Enjoy!



***
Chapter 213: Pitfall


***





 Chapter 213: Pitfall


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In this world, humans weren’t the only ones who knew how to brew wines.


 The earliest records of wine came from the legend of Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu’s two eyes turned into his eldest son Verdant Great Sun and daughter Desolate Ancient Moon.


 Verdant Great Sun was always with Desolate Ancient Moon, and this close association created feelings towards his own sister. However, Desolate Ancient Moon refused his wooing.


 Verdant Great Sun was annoyed because of this, and knew he needed some help, thus he asked the Wisdom Gu.


 At first, the Wisdom Gu ignored him and avoided him as much as it could. But Verdant Great Sun kept on persevering, and the Wisdom Gu couldn’t endure this annoyance any more, so it told him a way - "In the east dwells a group of honey peach monkeys. Drink the wine brewed by them and come find me."


 Thus, Verdant Great Sun went to the east and drank the wine.


 The wine brewed by the honey peach monkeys was fruit wine. And ever since Verdant Great Sun drank the wine and returned, his face had a rosy flush. He smacked his lips as he recalled the taste: "So, wine is sweet."


 The Wisdom Gu smiled and said: "In the west lies a group of psychic monkeys. Go taste the wine brewed by them."


 The wine brewed by psychic monkeys was bitter wine. Verdant Great Sun went to the west and drank the wine; since then, his tongue had a yellowish-brown hue to it. He recalled the taste with a bitter expression: "So, wine can also be bitter."


 Wisdom Gu said to him again: "Wine is both bitter and sweet, love is the same and human lives are even more so. At the north dwells a group of vajra monkeys. They also brew wine, go taste it."


 The vajra monkeys brewed strong wine.


 Verdant Great Sun enjoyed this wine very much, and drank till he was dead drunk.


 He felt this wine was really to his taste, and wanted to drink even more after getting drunk. He drank from the bowl at first before trying to drink it directly from the wine jar.


 Finally, he started throwing up. The wine started showings its effects, making him feel an unbearable pain.


 He felt the insides of his body was on fire, as if lava was flowing through them.


 "It’s too hot!" He screamed. All the fire flowed in reverse towards his head and his hair started burning. From then on, his hair burned endlessly like fire.


 When Verdant Great Sun woke up, he saw the Wisdom Gu looking at him.


 "What did you think of the strong wine?" The Wisdom Gu asked.


 Verdant Great Sun heaved a sigh: "I understand now, no matter how good the wine is, you will vomit it out if you drink too much; everything should be taken with moderation."


 The Wisdom Gu laughed out loudly: "In the north dwells a group of Skywater monkeys. Their wine is also quite good, go taste it."


 Skywater monkeys’ wine was clear wine and was completely opposite of the strong wine.


 Verdant Great Sun lightly tasted the wine, and the moment he did so, he completely forgot all his worries and felt like he was floating in the air, with a hazy and intoxicated look in his eyes.


 The Wisdom Gu again asked him about his experience. He lightly waved his hands: "Having known the joys of wine, I will not pass it on to those who are sober."


 The Wisdom Gu chuckled and left quietly....


 Thus, humans weren’t the first species to brew wine, rather it was the monkeys who were ahead of the humans.


 Ordinary monkey groups all knew how to brew wine.


 The wines were different from one monkey group to another, with all kinds of taste. However, humans collectively called the wine brewed by the monkeys as monkey wine.


 Fang Yuan had chosen this cave to rest because he sensed the sign of the breakthrough in his cultivation and stopped at this cave to concentrate on breaking through the bottleneck. Another reason was for the monkey wine.


 The higher the rank of the Gu worms, the more food they consumed and at the same time, the period for their feeding increased.


 Fang Yuan had made sufficient preparations, but there was a limit to the storage capacity of the tusita flower; after the consumption in this whole journey, there was some space cleared up which would be more than enough to store some monkey wine.


 Wine had other uses as well - disinfecting the wounds and warming the body. The reverse refinement of four flavors liquor worm also required wine as an auxiliary ingredient. Even if the conditions for the reverse refinement weren’t met, having wine as a backup food for the four flavors liquor worm was good enough.


 However, getting the monkey wine wasn’t easy.


 This grass skirt monkey groups were hundred beasts group but their scale was close to that of the thousand beasts group, and had 3 hundred beast monkey kings.


 Monkeys were a united bunch and faced their enemies in groups. Bai Ning Bing might be a rank three peak stage Gu master, but she was alone and trying to brute force her way through, would only lead to disaster.


 And although Fang Yuan had advanced to rank one middle stage, the amount of help his advancement could give was next to nothing in this situation.


 However, Fang Yuan was determined to get the monkey wine and Bai Ning Bing was worried about this.


 "So, we need to use our brains, follow me." Fang Yuan stood up and patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder. He carefully stepped on the ground, avoiding the buried Charred Thunder Potato , and walked out of the cave.


 Outside the cave were lush trees, bright sunlight, with the bird songs and fragrance of flowers in the air.


 In moments, the two neared the territory of the monkey groups.


 Fang Yuan carefully observed and finally chose a sloped area.


 He surveyed the area from the higher grounds before nodding his head in satisfaction. He stepped around on the ground and said: "Let’s dig here."


 After enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, this sloped area that faced the sun was dug out by the two, with a depth of thirty feet and a diameter of fifty feet.


 Charred Thunder Potato Mother Gu.


 Fang Yuan crouched on the bottom of this pit, and summoned the gu with a thought.


 This gu resembled a potato, with uneven surface and tiny little holes all over it. Regardless of its appearance, it was a genuine rank three gu.


 "My primeval essence won’t be enough, I will lend it to you." Fang Yuan handed the Charred Thunder Potato Mother Gu to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing held the gu and poured her primeval essence to it; soon, green sprouts sprouted out from those tiny little holes in the potato mother gu’s surface.


 The sprouts grew rapidly, blossomed and bore fruit.


 After several breaths of time, the finger thick dark green fruit was fully matured. The sprout withered and came falling down with the fruit on Bai Ning Bing’s hands.


 Fang Yuan took these dark green fruits and carefully filtered through them; removing the bad, dead or empty shells. After the selection, there were less than one-third of the fruits left.


 These fruits were the Charred Thunder Potato Gu, a rank two gu. Once they were buried in the ground, they grew with the help of the fertility of the soil, and as long as any living beings stepped near it, the vibration would cause the Charred Thunder Potato Gu to self-detonate.


 Fang Yuan held one of the fruits and refined it instantly. As he pinched it in between his fingers, he poured his green copper primeval essence towards it; the Charred Thunder Potato Gu started giving off a faint green light and slowly hovered up.


 With a shift of his mind, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu quickly drilled into the ground.


 Fang Yuan deliberately buried it deep on the ground, stopping only when the potato gu was buried an arm’s length into the ground.


 The primeval sea in his aperture rapidly decreased as the surrounding fertility of the soil gathered towards the Charred Thunder Potato Gu. In Fang Yuan’s perception, this tiny grass gu instantly grew up to a fist sized potato.


 This was a matured Charred Thunder Potato Gu which could explode with even a slight vibration.


 Bai Ning Bing marvelled at this scene: "Looks like that demonic path female Gu master buried the Charred Thunder Potato Gu near the surface of the earth, making it easy to self-detonate. The way you buried it, it should not explode even if I step above it, right?"


 "Naturally." Fang Yuan replied and continued on his work.


 Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched, Fang Yuan didn’t reply her properly, and with her proud demeanour, she didn’t question anymore, but rather concentrated her gaze and began to ponder upon it herself.


 After being with Fang Yuan for such a long time, she knew Fang Yuan never made useless moves.


 Fang Yuan stood up only after burying this layer of the pit; he wiped the sweat on his forehead before calling Bai Ning Bing to bury the pit together.


 But after just covering the pit for a bit, when the bottom of the pit was raised by fifteen feet, Fang Yuan ordered to stop, then he continued burying another Charred Thunder Potato Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing immediately realized Fang Yuan’s plan upon seeing this.


 "So it was like that. Charred Thunder Potato Gu is only a rank two gu and self-detonation of just one has a limited power. By burying them like this, once they explode, even thousand beast kings might not get off easy. But how will you lure those three monkey kings here?"


 Charred Thunder Potato Gu was a offensive gu, but it couldn’t be moved, which greatly lowered its practical value.


 "How difficult can that be? At the opportune time, we will just capture two to three young grass skirt monkeys and taste their brains here. At that time, their miserable screeches will definitely attract the furious monkey groups. It will only be ordinary monkey groups at first which you will be able to block and fend off. Then it should be those three monkey kings." Fang Yuan replied while burying the grass Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help nodding her head.


 Wild beasts were wild beasts, possessing limited intelligence. Fang Yuan’s plan might be very rough, but it was absolutely practical.


 "As long as we kill the three monkey kings, getting the monkey wine will be as easy as a pie. Of course, it will be even better if we can take the Gu worms on those monkey kings." Bai Ning Bing mulled over it.


 Following this, they spent the whole afternoon in this pit.


 Bai Ning Bing produced the Charred Thunder Potato Gu continuously, after which Fang Yuan would personally bury them into the ground, and then the two would bury that layer of soil. After one layer of soil was another layer of soil, till the pit was filled to the surface.


 The two were drenched in sweat. Fortunately, Fang Yuan possessed the strength of two boars and Bai Ning Bing had also fully cultivated the strength of one crocodile.


 However, the next day, Fang Yuan wasn’t showing any signs of stopping and continued to dig out another pit.


 Bai Ning Bing was puzzled by it.


 Fang Yuan replied: "Just one pit isn’t enough of a guarantee, there should always be backup plans. Being a bit more prepared is always a good thing."


 Like this, in the following three days, Bai Ning Bing finally became aware of Fang Yuan’s close to perverted ’cautiousness’.


 They had dug no less than five pits and buried great numbers of Charred Thunder Potato Gu. Naturally, the scale of the first pit was the greatest.


 Due to all these preparations, the grass skirt monkey plan went by extremely smoothly.


 The monkey groups were all defeated with just two pitfalls.


 Out of the three monkey kings, two died and one was injured; the injured monkey king escaped with the remaining monkey groups. The dead monkey kings were blasted to pieces, the Gu worms on them didn’t survive.


 Fang Yuan stored great amounts of monkey wine till the tusita flower couldn’t store anymore.


 The amount of wine was enough to reverse-refine the four flavors liquor worm. There wouldn’t be a problem in feeding the liquor worm for at least two years. And if they came across a caravan, these monkey wine could also be sold for good price.


 "Before we go on, we need to clean the battlefield and fill up the two exploded pits."


 "Is there a necessity for such cautiousness?" Bai Ning Bing felt pain whenever she thought of the pitfalls, now.


 Fang Yuan glanced at her before saying one sentence which made Bai Ning Bing obediently work-


 "Did you forget how we chased that demonic path female Gu master?"


 It was by relying on the tracks left by the demonic path female Gu master on her way.


 Those pitfalls that you dug, don’t end up burying yourself with it!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 One chapter today, another tomorrow. Enjoy! Leave a comment if you want double spaces or single spaces between sentences.



***
Chapter 214: BOOM!


***





 Chapter 214: BOOM!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Bai Gu mountain, I am finally here." Fang Yuan sighed as he stared at the white mountain from a slope.


 Bai Ning Bing was beside him, standing silently.


 The two were in rags with tiredness showing all over their faces.


 Just earlier, they had escaped from the Steel Rage Boars family of five.


 Steel Rage Boars were a peculiar beast group, having small numbers and moved around in families of less than ten members. But any mature Steel Rage Boars were at least a hundred beast king.


 In the family of five that was chasing after Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing - Grandpa boar was a thousand beast king, while daddy boar and mother boar were hundred beast kings, and even their son and daughter had rank 1 Gu worms in them.


 It has been 5 days since they stole the monkey wine. After a long and arduous journey, Bai Gu mountain was finally in reach.


 The southern border was full of mountains, ordinary hills were not called mountains, only when they were at least ten thousand feet can they be qualified to be called a mountain.


 Bai Ning Bing stood on the slope, staring at the faraway mountain.


 This was her first time seeing Bai Gu mountain.


 There were many hills surrounding the Qing Mao mountain. But this Bai Gu mountain was like a solitary general, rising high above the ground while the surroundings were flat, and the scenery around it was deathly white.


 This white, was not the snow-like white, but more of a bone-white color.


 Bai Gu mountain, as the name implied, every rock on the mountain were made of bones. People called it bone rocks.


 Bai Gu mountain was not an absolute dead area, there were many special vegetation and large numbers of bone beasts living here. At the same time there were many bone type wild Gu worms.


 Bai Ning Bing looked and looked, frowning.


 Any tall mountain and long river, were the condensation ground of primeval essence. Bai Gu mountain was uninhabited, a completely wild mountain. There were many wild beasts, Gu worms and fatal plants. This is such a dangerous place yet Fang Yuan insists on entering the mountain, what intentions does he have?


 Or rather, what thing was there that deeply attracted him?


 Fang Yuan was flipping through his memories at this moment.


 Bai Gu mountain was still a wild mountain now, without any human inhabitants. But this situation will change completely 10 years later.


 A large size village will move their base here and develop.


 This clan was named Bai, the Bai village.


 In the future, with Bai Gu mountain as their center, they would become the overlord of the surrounding thousand miles of land.


 What Fang Yuan remembers most clearly, is not the rise of the Bai village’s power, because in this world, a single person’s strength can be above a group’s.


 Rather, he was thinking of a pair of twins in the Bai village.


 Bai Sheng and Bai Hua.


 This pair of siblings discovered a cave by accident during a test at Bai Gu mountain’s back area, when they were eighteen.


 In this cave, they activated an inheritance; it was a complete inheritance of a rank four Righteous Gu Master.


 This Gu Master’s name was unknown, only his title was left behind--- "Flesh Bone Lord".


 Bai Sheng and Bai Hua benefited greatly from this, and became the twin stars of the righteous path after getting the inheritance. A hundred years later, they both rose to rank five, taking over Bai village.


 The strength of two rank five Gu Masters pushed the clan’s strength to an apex.


 "The gu worms in a complete inheritance would cover all six aspects of attack, healing, defense, movement, storage and investigation. After getting this inheritance, I will be able to hold my own and have the ability to advance or retreat."


 Earlier when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing escaped from Qing Mao mountain, their gu worms were not well-rounded because of their low cultivation; they were like a boat moving against the tides, moving up the cliff. With just a little bad luck, they would be in danger.


 After a tough struggle, their chance came, and they killed a heavily injured demonic female Gu Master. By taking her gu which included the rice bag gu and jumping grass gu, they could barely get by.


 But they still had weaknesses.


 Not only due to the lack of healing gu, but also because of their low cultivation.


 Even if Fang Yuan advanced to rank 1 middle stage, so what? Green copper primeval essence was still green copper primeval essence.


 What he was relying on now was his A grade talent and the heavenly essence treasure lotus’ recovery speed to sustain his consumption.


 But to be strict, his battle strength was negligible. If not for Bai Ning Bing he might have died to the crocodiles during the battle in the beach.


 He was able to get this far due to Bai Ning Bing.


 But relying on others could never compare to relying on oneself.


 "If I can get the Bai Gu mountain inheritance, many problems would be easily resolved." Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 Firstly it was the jade bones Gu. With this Gu, the bones in his body would cast away the brittleness of mortal bones, and become more firm and tougher. His current body can only sustain the strength of two boars, but after he used the jade bones Gu, he would be able to add the strength of a crocodile on top of this.


 After that was a healing Gu, Fang Yuan remembered this inheritance has a very famous rank three healing Gu, ’flesh white bones’. In his previous life, it was received by Bai Hua, causing her to become a famous healing Gu Master.


 Finally, it was the one Fang Yuan ranked as the most important, "bone flesh unity Gu."


 This Gu was the Bone Flesh Lord’s innovation, the only one in the world. This Gu’s incredible usage riled up many large forces in the southern borders, in his previous life.


 If gu worms were to be classified according to their use, they could be divided into seven categories.


 Attack, Defense, Healing, Investigation, Storage, Movement and Cultivation.


 Liquor worm, four flavor liquor worm, man-beast burial Gu, relic Gu, or heavenly essence treasure lotus - they were all under cultivation category.


 And this bone flesh unity Gu was a mystical Gu under the cultivation category.


 Similar to yin yang rotation Gu, it was a pair of Gu, used on two Gu Masters. It could let the two Gu Masters undergo dual cultivation 1 and advance their cultivation together, getting greater effects with less effort.


 "If I can obtain the bone flesh unity Gu, with Bai Ning Bing’s help, I can advance my cultivation quickly. My cultivation will be shocking after I reach rank three stage! Especially in early stages, its effects will be even better than the liquor worm. I must get it no matter what!"


 Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing through the corner of his eyes.


 Bai Ning Bing realized nothing, still staring at Bai Gu mountain.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart. When they were about to move out, a few silhouettes suddenly flew towards them.


 "Eh? Righteous Gu Masters!" Both Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were taken aback.


 A total of four Gu Masters were approaching them. When they were a hundred steps away, they landed on the ground and moved towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 The leader was an old Gu Master, giving off a rank three aura while the remaining three were all rank two.


 Their uniform were the same and their movements were in synergy, showing the signs of an elite group.


 "How can we encounter righteous Gu Masters in this desolate mountain range?"


 "Gu Masters and wild beasts are completely different, even though I am rank three peak stage, with the chainsaw golden centipede’s razors dulled and Fang Yuan as a burden, I might not be their match. We’re in trouble now..."


 The four Gu Masters got closer amidst Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s bitter sighs.


 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 Dusk.


 The last few rays of the sun were like blood, and crows screeched as they flew back to their nests.


 Tie Ao Tian walked in the center of the group with a cold expression.


 There were eight people in their group when they had set out of Qing Mao mountain, each were an expert of the clan. But now only three of his group remained.


 Tie Ao Tian’s heart bled when he thought of the sacrifices.


 The losses were too severe!


 This was way out of his expectations. The losses were not because their cultivations were insufficient, but because their luck was too bad!


 After finding out Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s traces, they started to move along Huang Long river. But Huang Long river flowed too rapidly, leaving behind barely any traces. Even if they used gu worms and had investigative experts, they still deviated from the path.


 With no choice, they had to move against the current, spending a lot of time before discovering Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s raft.


 However, troubles came soon after.


 They encountered a large number of six legged crocodiles and were attacked.


 To be honest they were pretty unlucky, this beach was the breeding ground of the six legged crocodiles, and after it was destroyed, the six legged crocodiles that dominated the area were wiped out.


 Beast groups were also split up into different forces. After the original owner died, this place became free for all, and many surrounding groups of six legged crocodiles competed for it.


 Just when they were about to take control of this area, Tie clan’s group arrived on the shore.


 "What thing dares to invade our territory?"


 "This land belongs to us six legged crocodiles!"


 "Snatching territory from us, you’re asking for it..."


 The territorial concept of wild beasts was not to be trifled with. Thus, a huge battle broke out, and under the united attacks of two groups of thousand beast groups and three groups of hundred beast groups, the Tie clan group lost two members and were forced to escape.


 Fang Yuan’s methods of removing traces were very experienced. Thus, their investigations did not make much progress.


 With the help of Gu worms, they eventually found out the direction Fang Yuan was headed to.


 But then, a colorful nightmare descended.


 The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant descended from the sky, staring at them and thinking of them as food.


 Even now, the entire escape process was deeply buried in Tie Ao Tian’s heart. The image of the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant became his nightmare, waking him up from his sleep every night.


 Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant took away three of his companions’ lives. Among them were their most professional investigative Gu Master, and even a rank three defensive Gu Master.


 Truly insane losses.


 Right now, the Gu Master in charge of investigation was a half-baked one.


 Even with such a loss, Tie Ao Tian did not think of giving up.


 He was the fourth young master of Tie clan, with A grade aptitude and carried the hopes and dreams of the clan since young. He cultivated intensely, inheriting the iron will personality of the Tie clansmen.


 Reinforcing Tie Xue Leng and his daughter was his first mission out of the village.


 But he only managed to save Tie Ruo Nan, and the divine investigator was sacrificed. This was a great contrast to his original intention.


 However, if he caught the demonic bastard that got the blood sea inheritance and take revenge for Tie Xue Leng, it would be a great success.


 Such a merit would turn into his asset when vying for the clan leader position in the future, getting him more support from the clansmen.


 He was not worried about the strength of the demonic bastards. In the process of chasing them, they had discovered from the traces that the two had limited battle strength, or maybe they had suffered some injuries, only having the collective strength of one rank three Gu Master.


 "Even though I lost many companions, I am a rank three Gu Master, and so is Tie Dao Ku. With two other rank two Gu Masters to assist, our strength dominates those two. Once we capture the demonic bastards, the loss of manpower will turn into proof of my "iron will" and "never give up" traits!" Tie Ao Tian’s eyes shone with determination.


 "Fourth young master, we have found some traces ahead, it seems the direction we are heading is not wrong!" At this moment, the investigative Gu Master reported.


 "Oh? Quickly bring me there."


 After the time taken to drink a cup of tea, two holes were dug open, revealing corpses of a large number of grass skirt monkey.


 "These grass skirt monkeys have died for less than a week, it seems we are catching up to those two!" Tie Dao Ku said in joy.


 Tie Ao Tian breathed in deeply, his mood was suddenly lifted!


 "Finally, we’re nearing the end." He clenched his fists, walking forward excitedly.


 He stared at the beautiful sky, the night lights shone on his young face, reflecting brightly in his eyes.


 All his patience and efforts were not in vain, he was finally getting the results!


 "Although the sun is setting, I can see hopes and the future from it..." He sighed in his heart, suddenly having the mood to ascend this slope, and enjoy this beautiful moment.


 The few Gu Masters near him, gazed at him with admiration.


 "Fourth young master is indeed fourth young master!"


 "On this journey, we had thought of giving up, but fourth young master persevered alone, and now he is about to get the fruits of his labor."


 "In fourth young master, I can see the clan’s hopes, and a bright future ahead."


 "I swear I will only follow fourth young master in this life!"


 They stared in daze at Tie Ao Tian ascending the slope. They could almost see the scene where one day, Tie Ao Tian ascends to the position of the clan leader.


 But at the next moment, an intense explosion occurred.


 BOOM!!!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Note: Bai here means hundred, and not the Bai clan of Qing Mao mountain, which means white.


 Enjoy reading!



***
Chapter 215: Fang Yuan sheds tears


***





 Chapter 215: Fang Yuan sheds tears


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Mo Xing was already sixty-eight years old.


 He should have retired already at this age. However, Bai clan was in a rough situation these few years, and as an important clan elder and the uncle of the clan leader, he - who had always been working hard and doing his best - couldn’t abandon the clan. Now, during this crucial moment of his clan’s fate, he undertook the orders to leave the mountain, but during the journey, he accidentally sensed the aura of two Gu Masters.


 Were they demonic Gu Masters?


 This trip was very important to Bai clan and there could be no mistakes. Thus, he immediately led his group and approached the source of the aura.


 "Two youngsters?" He was shocked when he saw Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 His gaze paused on Bai Ning Bing first.


 Bai Ning Bing looked frosty and her blue eyes gave off cold light as she stared fearlessly at Bai Mo Xing, revealing her rank three aura.


 "So young and already a rank three — a genius!" Not only Bai Mo Xing, the other three in his group also had such thoughts after seeing Bai Ning Bing.


 At once, four pairs of eyes were fixated on Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had transformed into a girl; her beautiful features gave off a cool aura, causing her to appear like a snow fairy. Her pearl-like brilliance that couldn’t be concealed by her tattered clothes, portrayed her firm personality, causing others to love yet pity her.


 Compared to her, Fang Yuan’s presence was much dimmer.


 He had an ordinary look, with cultivation of merely rank one, many gazes swept through him and went back to Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan liked this; the less attention he receives, the better.


 Bai Mo Xing, however, was different, his gaze quickly turned towards Fang Yuan.


 Bai Ning Bing was protecting Fang Yuan and her stance showed that she would not give up without a fight. And Fang Yuan had a calm look, even though he was hiding behind her.


 "To be closely protected by this young genius girl, this young man seems to be the leader of the two, who is he?" Bai Mo Xing was after all very experienced, his discerning skills were very accurate.


 He had thought they were two demonic Gu Masters, but now his heart wavered.


 Seeing Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan’s appearance, as well as their righteous Gu Masters clothing, they seemed more like young masters in distress.


 "If they are demonic Gu Masters, just kill them. But if they are young masters from other clans, we have to watch out. If we cause the forces behind them to take revenge on our Bai clan, I, Bai Mo Xing, will become the clan’s sinner! But thankfully our side is stronger than them, thus the situation is under control."


 Bai Mo Xing was still thinking, when Fang Yuan suddenly took a step forward. He cupped his fists: "I am Gu Yue Fang Zheng, young master of Qing Mao Mountain’s Gu Yue clan, my respects to senior."


 "Qing Mao mountain?"


 "Gu Yue clan young master?"


 The people were bewildered.


 Bai Ning Bing was also shocked, but she lowered her head so as to cover her gaze from giving them off.


 She knew that Fang Yuan was starting to cook up a story again. The enemy was stronger than them, thus they had to rely on wits to get out of their predicament.


 She clearly understood the situation, the rapport they had built up these few days caused her to move one small step back towards Fang Yuan’s side. She continued staring at them angrily, like a close bodyguard who was not afraid of dying.


 "Young lad, you are lying! Qing Mao mountain has long been destroyed, you think I don’t know that?" Bai Mo Xing shouted with a cold expression.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, waving his hands: "Exactly because Qing Mao mountain is destroyed, I ended up here. Could I be so presumptuous as to ask for senior’s name?"


 Bai Mo Xing hesitated, but a young man beside him quickly spoke: "Then listen closely, we are the elites of Bai clan and this is our Bai clan’s number one elder, also my uncle — Lord Bai Mo Xing!"


 Bai Mo Xing really wanted to strangle this nephew to death. This secret operation by Bai clan this time, was on a large scale, but their true intentions were unknown to those who were not higher ups. Thus, these people were completely in the dark.


 On the surface they were out hunting to temper the young masters’ bravery. But their true motive was to find the spirit spring in Bai Gu mountain, and start their wild beasts extermination operation.


 "But there’s no way they can guess it." Bai Mo Xing calmed down as he looked at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 "As expected, it was Bai clan." Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.


 He had already guessed the situation from these four Gu Masters’ appearance.


 Bai clan’s spirit spring was drying out; they needed to find a new one and relocate their clan.


 The act of relocating a clan was very important, and many preparatory work went into it, and secrecy was also one of them.


 Otherwise, once the enemy forces found out, they could disrupt their plans and cause the entire Bai clan to fall into danger of getting wiped out.


 What Fang Yuan had not expected was the Bai clan leader planning so far ahead, starting the preparations ten years earlier; sending these clansmen to Bai Gu mountain occasionally to carry out their scouting.


 There were indeed reasons beyond luck in Bai clan’s eventual prosperity.


 The appearance of Bai clan Gu Masters was a surprise to Fang Yuan and this would have a great impact on his following actions.


 On the surface, however, Fang Yuan smiled and cupped his fists: "Oh so you are from Bai clan, a fellow clan from righteous faction, nice to meet all of you!"


 He then turned to Bai Ning Bing and said: "Ning Bing, stay down, we are safe. Bai clan does not have demonic Gu Masters."


 Bai Ning Bing felt goosebumps all over her body when she heard Fang Yuan speak in such a gentle manner.


 She held in her disgust, and withdrew her battle intent, taking another step back while still remaining silent.


 This act caused the four opposing Gu Masters to sigh in relief.


 After all, she was a rank three Gu Master.


 "So her name is Ning Bing..." Bai Mo Xing’s nephew repeated the name in his heart, his expression slightly dazed.


 Bai Mo Xing narrowed his eyes and probed: "It sounds like Junior Gu Yue has met some demonic Gu Masters along the way?"


 "Yes, my heart still palpitates when I think about it." Fang Yuan patted his chest with fear in his eyes: "But luckily, the clan leader and a few clan elders came in time, and killed that rank three Gu Master."


 "Clan leader and elders..." Bai Mo Xing’s heart jumped as he quickly followed up: "Don’t tell me your clan leader and elders are nearby?"


 Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing: "We got lost from the main team."


 Bai Mo Xing’s heart eased. But Fang Yuan’s next sentence caused him to be alert again: "But I believe that before long, we will regroup again. Because our destination this time is Bai Gu mountain."


 Bai Mo Xing was nervous: "Bai Gu mountain? Why are you all coming to Bai Gu mountain?"


 "This..." Fang Yuan hesitated and didn’t speak up.


 Bai Mo Xing snorted while a bad feeling emerged in his heart.


 Now that Qing Mao mountain was destroyed, what would the remains of the Gu Yue clan do? Obviously finding a new location and rebuild their home!


 "Don’t tell me they chose Bai Gu mountain too? Damn it!" In an instant, Bai Mo Xing’s heart surged with killing intent.


 If his guess was correct, then Qing Mao mountain’s main team was his Bai clan’s enemy.


 But he soon contained his killing intent. He was old and was no longer as impulsive as back when he was young.


 When an elder handled matters, stability was their main priority.


 He calmed down and thought about it, even if he killed these two immediately, it might not salvage the situation!


 Killing these two would not stop the remaining Qing Mao mountain inhabitants from coming, it would instead worsen the situation, creating foes even before they met.


 These enemies had no foundation here but were powerful. Didn’t you hear what the Gu Yue young master said? The main team had the clan leader and several elders. The most troublesome part was these people wouldn’t hesitate to fight to death if the situation became desperate.


 Furthermore, even if he attacked now, that girl called Ning Bing was a true rank three Gu Master. His side would still have casualties, although they were stronger.


 Finally, such an important matter should not be decided by him. The clan leader was not far away, why not ask her for instructions?


 Bai Mo Xing decided to stabilize the situation with Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing first as he thought of this.


 He started smiling and said enthusiastically: "This is really a coincidence junior, our Bai clan’s main team is just nearby. We are holding an annual hunting event, as half the landlord, we invite you to come and be a guest. Please allow us to host you."


 "This..." Fang Yuan hesitated purposely.


 "Come, our Bai clan’s grilled lamb leg is top tier." Bai Mo Xing’s nephew also began to persuade, but his gaze was fixed on Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan touched his tummy, showing a conflicted expression - a bit of hesitation but also yearning.


 Bai Mo Xing’s eyes shone and laughed loudly: "Junior don’t hesitate, anymore and you are not giving me face."


 Only then did Fang Yuan bow: "Then I shall impose upon your clan."


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------


 A banquet was held inside a spacious tent.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing took a seat next to each other.


 A few clan elders sat opposite each other, and in the head seat was the Bai clan leader.


 The tent’s roof was opened, allowing them to see the blue sky. And in the center was a lamb being grilled, its fragrance extending throughout the entire tent.


 "Come, lamb leg is the most tender. Guests from afar, please have a taste." Bai clan leader said with enthusiasm.


 She was a middle-aged woman, and under her indication, the servants grilling the lamb, cut the lamb leg and offered it to Fang Yuan. Soon after, they cut off the other leg and placed it in front of Bai Ning Bing in a silver plate.


 The lamb leg was still sizzling hot, Fang Yuan took a bite; he could taste the crispy fragrant skin and the tender juicy meat. If it had been marinated with some honey or some cumin powder, it would have been even tastier.


 "Indeed a delicacy, no less than the grass skirt monkey’s brains." Even Bai Ning Bing was full of praises.


 "Our guest’s happiness is our utmost pleasure. Hahaha." Bai Mo Xing laughed.


 Fang Yuan ate and ate, when suddenly, his tears started flowing out.


 Everyone was shocked. Bai clan leader asked: "Junior Fang Zheng, why are you crying?"


 "The taste is truly divine, but thinking of the last few days where I and Ning Bing could barely survive, going through one danger after another, and thinking of our clansmen suffering in the wild without food to eat, I can’t help but feel heartache, please forgive me Bai clan leader." Fang Yuan stood up and cupped his fist.


 The few clan elders glanced at each other and sighed.


 Bai clan leader asked: "My clan feels deep sympathy towards Gu Yue clan’s disaster. Junior, can you tell me what in the world happened at Qing Mao mountain?"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter. Enjoy!


 Ps: Not sure if allowed to post here but we have a discord channel if anyone wants to join!



***
Chapter 216: Green Copper Relic Gu


***





 Chapter 216: Green Copper Relic Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The once lively Qing Mao mountain had turned into a world of ice and snow. Such a change had long attracted the attention and investigations of nearby forces. In these few months, news of Qing Mao mountain being destroyed had gradually spread far.


 "I don’t dare to recall, every time I think of it, it feels so painful." Fang Yuan sat down, his face full of grief.


 "Servants, bring the wine." Seeing Fang Yuan unwilling to speak, Bai clan leader did not pursue the matter, but ordered her servants to bring two vats of wine.


 Bai Ning Bing was indifferent, she never drank wine, only water.


 Fang Yuan opened the seal immediately, gulping and drinking a mouthful as his tears fell once again.


 Bai clan leader was stunned: "Junior, why are you crying again?"


 "Your clan’s wine is intoxicating, but it makes me recall our green bamboo wine and of those days when I drank on Qing Mao mountain." Fang Yuan wiped his tears as he said.


 The clan elders’ sighs became even louder, and many started consoling Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s encounter caused them to feel a sense of resonance. After all, Bai clan’s spirit spring was starting to dry out, and if they couldn’t find a new spirit spring, Gu Yue clan’s sorry state would be their Bai clan’s future.


 Bai clan leader consoled him once more, only then did Fang Yuan stop crying.


 "Who would not feel pain when their home is destroyed? I can understand junior’s feelings. But as long as people remain, there is hope. Junior, don’t grieve. I believe that in a few days, you will be reunited with your clansmen." Bai Mo Xing probed.


 Fang Yuan acted as if he was unaware, wiping his tears and answering casually: "Yeah, it should be in a few days."


 Hearing this reply, Bai Mo Xing and Bai clan leader glanced at each other.


 After the banquet, Bai clan leader called Bai Mo Xing and entered a secret discussion.


 "Clan leader, the situation is bad. Gu Yue village was destroyed, why did these remaining people come to Bai Gu mountain? It is likely that they want to snatch this territory, should we strike first instead?" Bai Mo Xing was worried.


 "Hehehe." Bai clan’s female leader laughed lightly instead.


 Bai Mo Xing was bewildered: "Why is clan leader laughing?"


 The female clan leader squinted and explained: "Don’t be rash Elder Mo Xing, this situation has boon and bane. As long as we operate this well, we can save much effort."


 Bai Mo Xing started to ponder the clan leader’s words deeply.


 That’s right!


 Bai clan’s spirit spring was running dry after so many years of usage. They needed to find a new spirit spring as soon as possible, and this time they were searching for a suitable spring on Bai Gu mountain under the cover of hunting.


 Bai clan’s main group had just arrived and could not find anything yet. But if Gu Yue clan’s remnants were coming to Bai Gu mountain, they had to know some intel.


 It could even be deduced that Gu Yue clan definitely held information on that spirit spring.


 Bai clan leader saw Bai Mo Xing’s expression change and continued: "Looks like you got it. Actually, any large mountain is a gathering of primeval essence, and thus a spirit spring will be there. But to find the spirit spring’s specific location, it is not easy and requires a lot of manpower and resources."


 "There are Fang, Liao and Fan clan around our Bai clan, they are all strong clans with equal power. If the matter about our Bai clan’s spirit spring running dry gets out, they will take advantage of the situation and attack our weakness, thus we decided earlier that we have to secretly find the spirit spring’s location under the guise of a hunting competition. But by doing this, we are greatly restricted and have to expend even greater manpower and resources in searching for the spirit spring."


 Bai clan leader was full of worries, but could not express her helplessness.


 Bai Mo Xing continued: "Thus, clan leader wants to obtain information about the spirit spring from Gu Yue clan?"


 "That’s right." Bai clan leader nodded, her eyes shining brightly: "Gu Yue clan’s leader and elders won’t be easy to deal with, but with those two youngsters in our control? This is a godsend opportunity!"


 Bai Mo Xing frowned: "But, I see that those two are not stupid. That lass is obviously one of those iron-willed stubborn type, while that young lad, although weak, was unfazed in dangerous situations, being calm at all encounters. The first time we met, even when he was surrounded by us, he did not show a hint of panic. It will not be easy if we want them to divulge information."


 Bai clan leader chuckled: "If he did not have such composure, how would he be a clan’s young master? These two young masters are very outstanding, but if they weren’t, I would be doubting their identities."


 Bai Mo Xing continued: "Thus, you have to think twice clan leader. If we interrogate them forcefully, they might not submit to us. With the traces they left behind, Gu Yue clan will be here soon. These are the type of desperate people with nothing to lose, except their lives."


 Bai clan leader waved her hand: "That is not a worry, clan elder, I have a plan."


 "Oh? This old one shall listen."


 Bai clan leader said it softly while Bai Mo Xing’s old eyes kept on getting brighter.


 After Bai clan leader finished, Bai Mo Xing could not help but praise: "This is a good plan! I saw that Gu Yue Fang Zheng is very attached to his clan, he even cried twice for his clan in the banquet. He is after all a youngster, clan leader, this plan that you came up with is like placing honey in front of a young bear or placing a carrot before a young rabbit. There will be no issues getting him hooked."


 ----------------------------------------------------------------------


 Fang Yuan opened a corner of the tent’s cover.


 It was night time already, but Bai clan’s temporary camp was well lit.


 The tents were placed perfectly in order, with iron racks and torches at every certain distance, and patrolling gu master groups all night round.


 "Young master Fang Zheng, what is the matter?" Fang Yuan had just opened the cover, and the two guards at the door immediately walked over.


 Fang Yuan burped out some wine: "I drank a lot of wine at the banquet, is there anywhere I can relieve myself?"


 "Young master, right this way. You are our esteemed guest, the clan leader has arranged a special spot for you, no further than thirty steps away." One of the guards immediately said.


 "Give me a direction, I do not like anyone near me when i pee." Fang Yuan rejected.


 "I do not dare to disobey young master, the wooden lavatory is right there." The guard pointed towards it, bowed and left.


 Fang Yuan got to the wooden lavatory, and after peeing, he pretended to be drowsy and walked in an opposite direction. He was not even twenty steps out when a few patrolling Gu Masters came over: "Esteemed guest, that is the wrong direction, your tent is over there."


 "Is that so? I remembered it was there." Fang Yuan burped.


 "Esteemed guest, this way please." Bai clan gu masters smiled hypocritically, with a forceful tone.


 Fang Yuan was brought back to the tent again.


 In the tent, the lights were turned on.


 There were two beds on eastern and western side in the tent. Bai Ning Bing was sitting on her bed and cultivating, using primeval essence to nurture her aperture.


 Hearing Fang Yuan enter, she opened her eyes, inquiring with her gaze.


 Fang Yuan glanced at her, before falling down on the bed: "Ning Bing, sleep early. You were exhausted these few days. Don’t worry, we will join up with our clansmen in few days."


 His words slurred at the end, and eventually he closed his eyes, snoring, evidently falling asleep.


 Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk. She knew Fang Yuan was acting, purposely saying that as a precaution against any surveillance type Gu worms. He had gone out earlier to pee, but returned so early which meant the area was tightly secured and it was impossible for them to escape quietly in dark.


 She couldn’t help but be worried. Although she was at rank three peak stage, her Gu worms were not optimal, causing her battle strength to be insufficient.


 While in this camp, Bai clan leader was at rank four, and there are five to six clan elders, and a lot of rank two Gu masters.


 " To be meat on somebody’s chopping board. " That was the current situation. Although Bai clan was a righteous faction, people die for fortune and birds die for food, once the benefits exceeded the risk, they would definitely commit murder in secret.


 Bai Ning Bing knew the Gu worms in Fang Yuan’s possession were all extremely rare. Heavenly essence treasure lotus, blood skull Gu, once exposed, would definitely attract the greed of Bai clan Gu Masters.


 The reason they did not act yet was because Fang Yuan used the threat of the non existent Gu Yue clansmen to temporarily lie to them.


 A few days later, when they do not see Gu Yue clansmen arrive, they would be suspicious. By then, Fang Yuan and her would be at a tight spot.


 "How do I get out of this predicament?" Bai Ning Bing frowned, staring at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had already turned around, his back facing her, and he seemed to have really slept from the sound of his relaxed breathing.


 "You sure take it easy!" Bai Ning Bing snorted, feeling anxious and helpless in her heart.


 --------------------------------------------------------------


 The next day. It was a bright sunny day.


 There were three loud drum beats which signified the Bai clan leader summoning the clansmen.


 "Our Bai clan annual hunting competition starts from today and will continue for the next seven days, it is time for you to display your strength. According to our rules, those who get a decent ranking will be heavily rewarded! Next, feel free to display all your bravery and strength."


 Bai clan leader waved her hand, and the village gates opened. The Gu Masters were eager to start the competition, rushing out impatiently.


 Not long later, they entered the forest from their respective positions, vanishing into the wilderness.


 The crowded camp had become more spacious and empty.


 "Junior Fang Zheng, did you sleep well last night?" Bai clan leader turned around, asking Fang Yuan with a smile.


 Fang Yuan cupped his fist: "Thank you clan leader for the hospitality. Last night I fell asleep immediately after lying down, and it was morning already when I woke up."


 "Hahaha." Bai clan leader smiled, patting Fang Yuan’s shoulders, giving off a kind and affectionate feeling: "Does junior want to enter our clan’s hunting competition? Let us see the valor of a Gu Yue clansman!"


 Fang Yuan showed a difficult expression, rejecting: "I am ashamed! Junior was heavily injured not too long ago, and my cultivation fell from rank three. Thankfully I was saved by the clan, but now I only have rank one middle stage cultivation."


 Even without Fang Yuan mentioning it, his rank one aura was clear to the eyes.


 "No worries junior. As our clan’s esteemed guest, you will definitely be well treated. How about this, as long as junior can hunt an adult black bear, this green copper relic Gu will be your reward." Bai clan leader clapped her hand, and a Gu Master beside her opened his palm, as a finger-sized round ball shaped Gu emerged.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, but showed an earnest expression: "Then this junior shall take up the invitation!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter, enjoy!



***
Chapter 217: Giving others a hold on oneself


***





 Chapter 217: Giving others a hold on oneself


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Howl!


 In the forest, a plump black bear as large as two meters was standing on its two legs.


 It growled towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, but the two were indifferent, causing the black bear to become furious. It landed on all fours and pounced towards the two youngsters.


 Do not be fooled by the bear’s clumsy looks, its running speed was, in fact, very fast - twice the speed of ordinary humans.


 Seeing the black bear nearing fifty steps from him, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile as if he had achieved his target.


 Bam.


 With a loud bang, soil was sent flying.


 The black bear cried out pitifully, its advancement came to a stop as if it had suffered a blow to the head.


 Overcame by anger due to suffering such an absurd attack, it quickly changed to another direction and rushed towards Fang Yuan once again.


 But after only stepping out for ten steps, the ground exploded again.


 Howl!


 The black bear’s chest was blown to a bloody mess, its eyes turned red as its rage reached a tipping point, rushing forward once again.


 "A wild beast after all, lacking in intelligence." Fang Yuan sighed as he retreated.


 The black bear chased relentlessly, but there would be an explosion every few steps it took.


 After rushing for another few dozen steps, the black bear’s body was full of injuries with none of its fur intact. It was limping as its four limbs were crippled, there was no longer the fearsomeness of before.


 Its anger had subsidaed, and the instinct for survival kicked in.


 Even though Fang Yuan was standing no further than twenty steps away, it chose to retreat.


 But Fang Yuan had already anticipated its retreating path, and dug a deep hole on the path, burying at least five Charred Thunder Potato Gu in there.


 BOOM!


 With a loud explosion, the battle ended.


 At the same time, in the tent, wisps of smoke hovered in the air..


 In the smoke, images flashed, as they portrayed the process of Fang Yuan’s battle in real time.


 "Elder Mo Xing, what do you think?" Bai clan leader spoke after the battle ended.


 Only she and Bai Mo Xing were inside the tent.


 "If I am not wrong, this Gu Yue clan young master is using the Charred Thunder Potato Gu? This Gu is an expendable type, absorbing energy from the ground to grow, and explodes after impacted with vibrations. Among rank two Gu worms, it has strong attacking power but this Gu is severely weakened on Bai Gu mountain. Bai Gu mountain has no soil, and even the mountain rocks are made of bones, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu cannot be planted." Bai Mo Xing continued evaluating.


 Bai clan leader shook her head: "You analyzed well, but that’s not the point. Did you not notice, Fang Zheng did everything by himself - from burying the Charred Thunder Potato Gu to the end of the battle. He has a rank three bodyguard but chose to use the rank two Charred Thunder Potato Gu himself through a tedious process. Every time he buries a seed, he has to use primeval stones to recover his primeval essence, but he insists on doing it himself, what does that say?"


 Bai Mo Xing’s eyes shone: "I understand, this Fang Zheng is an upright person, not one of those who like to scheme and skive. He agreed to enter the hunting competition, thus no matter how hard it is, he will not use outside forces to cheat."


 "Scheming and skiving characters have weak will, while upright characters are indomitable. If we want to find out the location of the spirit spring from these two people, the best way is to do so is indirectly, by using our wits. Hehe, my confidence in last night’s plans have increased again." Bai clan leader smiled.


 ---------------------------------------------------------


 "Luckily I was able to accomplish my goals." After half an incense was burnt through, Fang Yuan placed a torn bear skin in front of the Bai clan leader.


 "Hehehe, in such a short time, junior managed to kill an adult black bear, as expected of Gu Yue clan’s young master." Bai clan leader’s face showed a trace of shock, which immediately turned into a smile.


 "Junior might as well go back to rest, the Green Copper Relic Gu will be sent over shortly."


 "Thank you clan leader, this junior will take his leave."


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved out of the central tent and back to their tent.


 Soon after, a Gu Master brought over the Green Copper Relic Gu.


 Fang Yuan took it, and immediately used it on the spot, raising his cultivation from middle to upper stage.


 Gu Master’s small realms were easy to break through and was just a matter of efforts and time. Big realms, however, needed aptitude to breakthrough.


 Relic Gu, Stone Aperture Gu along with many other Gu worms could reduce the time needed by Gu Master to raise their cultivation.


 As for rank one upper stage, it is still rank one. This small growth could not change or affect the situation at all.


 At night, Bai clan leader organized a banquet again, inviting Fang and Bai.


 Bai clan’s tradition was to hold banquets everyday during the hunting competition. Large bonfire banquets were held in the open areas. As for the small banquet in the central tent, only the first few ranked participants would be invited.


 But because Fang and Bai had different identities, they still remained on the guest seats.


 "Come, let me introduce to junior our clan’s rising star. You youngsters should interact with each other." During the banquet, Bai Mo Xing started the conversation.


 There were four youngsters in the tent; two males and two females, all were rank three Gu Masters.


 One of the guys was Bai Mo Xing’s nephew, Bai Mo Ting; he had a slim body and was ranked third in today’s hunting.


 Among the two girls, one was called Bai Cao Shuai who looked very careless, but was ranked fourth. The other was called Bai Lian, she had white skin and thick eyebrows which gave her a fresh aura; she was the most beautiful girl in Bai clan.


 The two girls sat opposite each other, forming a stark contrast.


 "Bai Zhan Lie greets the two esteemed guests." A young male Gu Master took the initiative and stole the words out of Bai Mo Xing’s mouth.


 He was muscular and his manners contained arrogance along with strong battle intent. Looking at Fang and Bai, he first paused at Fang Yuan before showing a smile of disdain. Next his gaze was locked onto Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing was like a snow fairy with her silver hair and blue eyes, surpassing Bai Lian in terms of beauty. More importantly, she was at rank three peaks stage, attracting Bai Zhan Lie’s attention.


 He snorted: "It seems that your Gu Yue clan has strong women and weak men?"


 Bai Ning Bing was like an ice block, showing no reaction.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold and slightly ugly.


 Bai clan leader interrupted: "This is the number one youth expert in our clan, junior don’t blame him for his inconsiderate words."


 "Of course not." Fang Yuan moved his lips, facing Bai clan leader: "Brother Zhan Lie is a dragon among men, I am deeply amazed."


 His tone was complex, and his expression was perfectly displayed; some tolerance due to being under others’ roof, the helplessness of his own weak cultivation and some indignant pride of a youngster.


 Even Bai Ning Bing was taken by surprise.


 Bai Zhan Lie snorted, while Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.


 He knew the Bai clan situation, but Bai clan did not know his true trump cards. The situation might seem dire for him, but he had a strong grasp on the advantage he had - information.


 "How to make good use of this advantage, that is the key to getting out of our predicament. Green Copper Relic Gu is a good sign, showing that Bai clan is worried about the non-existent Gu Yue clan remnants. They do not want to do it by force, but instead trick and manipulate us. Is this Bai Zhan Lie the next chess piece? Now that I think about it, his tone earlier was too forceful."


 "If he really is the Bai clan’s next move, there will be some problems. I might as well give my ’handle’ to them, and expose my ’weakness’..."


 If he allowed the Bai clan to set up traps this casually, Fang Yuan would no doubt fall into a more passive situation.


 Instead, he might as well give others a hold on himself, and expose some fake weaknesses, to gain some initiative.


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through the tent, a ploy brewing in his scheming mind.


 He looked at Bai Lian, opposite him.


 After staring for a while, Bai Lian seemed to have noticed his gaze, but Fang Yuan turned his head over, seemingly observing something else.


 As the banquet continued, Fang Yuan took peeks at Bai Lian from time to time, but avoided eye contact with her.


 When the banquet was almost over, Fang Yuan peeked more often.


 This situation was easily noticed by the Bai clan leader, and some clan elders.


 The clan elders showed some amusement in their eyes.


 It was a common thing for youths to get infatuated. Bai Lian was the beauty of Bai clan, it was natural for her to attract the attention of Gu Yue clan young master.


 After the banquet was over, Bai Mo Xing excitedly went to see the clan leader: "Clan leader, did you see what happened during the banquet?"


 Bai clan leader smiled: "Let me plan a bit more."


 The night passed by silently.


 During the second day of the hunting competition, Bai clan leader called Fang Yuan again, telling him to hunt a earth horn rhino.


 Fang Yuan reenacted the same method, using the Charred Thunder Potato Gu and blasting the earth horn rhino, bringing back its horn.


 Bai clan leader praised him and rewarded him with a Clearing Heat Gu.


 Clearing Heat Gu was like an armored worm fossil, with a half transparent jade rock texture. He felt a cool air passing on to him when he held it in his hand.


 This Gu was a rank two healing Gu, used to cure poison.


 Fang Yuan had finally fixed his greatest weakness after getting this Gu.


 During the campfire banquet that night.


 "This is my son and daughter. Bai Sheng, Bai Hua, stand up and toast this brother." Bai clan leader said.


 A pair of twins stood up, raising their cups like an adult, saying together: "Bai Sheng (Bai Hua) toasts Gu Yue young master."


 They bowed slightly with a solemn expression, showing their good upbringing. There was no hint of any childishness.


 Fang Yuan was slightly stunned and sized up this pair of siblings attentively.


 According to his previous life, these two kids would be the famous Righteous Twin Stars, their fame would last a long period of time. Both cultivated to rank 5 and expanded the Bai clan village to an unprecedented height.


 At the same time, they were the inheritors of the Bai Gu mountain inheritance, and Bai Sheng even became the Bai clan leader eventually.


 In a clan, the clan leader position was usually inherited by the clan leader’s own children. But for Gu Yue village, where the clan leader does not have children, they would choose an outstanding youngster from their pure bloodline descendants.


 People have a growing process. Bai Sheng and Bai Hua might be grand heroes in the future, but now they were still too young, not even students yet.


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze and concentrated on Bai Lian again.


 The banquet continued.


 During the period, Fang Yuan continued to peek on Bai Lian, as Bai Zhan Lie continued to find problems, his tone haughtier than before. Bai Mo Xing’s nephew Bai Mo Ting was instead peeking at Bai Ning Bing.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Enjoy!



***
Chapter 218: Performing a great show


***





 Chapter 218: Performing a great show


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On the third day, Bai clan leader called for Fang Yuan again and gifted him many primeval stones in the name of hunting.


 During the banquet, apart from stealing glances at Bai Lian, Fang Yuan took the initiative to toast to Bai clan leader with a sincere and grateful expression.


 Bai clan leader didn’t speak but was inwardly very satisfied.


 This night, Bai Lian visited Fang Yuan on her own accord. Her friend had been poisoned and clearing heat Gu would be very effective on it. However, clearing heat Gu was rare, thus she came to Fang Yuan to borrow it.


 "Can’t endure it anymore huh?" Fang Yuan sneered inwardly while lending the clearing heat Gu without any objection.


 Bai Lian seemed to be very grateful for this.


 Fang Yuan then took the initiative to enthusiastically chat with her; the two started becoming closer and their relation rapidly improved.


 The fifth day, at the banquet.


 Bai Clan leader suddenly asked: "Junior, is your Gu Yue clan thinking of settling down in Bai gu mountain?"


 Fang Yuan immediately stood up, he tried to appear composed, but couldn’t conceal the panic in his eyes: "Bai gu mountain lies close to Bai village, we could say it your esteemed clan’s territory. How could we dare to encroach upon it?"


 Bai Clan leader smiled inwardly, she became more certain that the Gu Yue clan’s objective was Bai Gu mountain.


 However, she hypocritically said: "Junior might not be fully aware of the complicated situation here. The pressure on our Bai clan is very big, it would be great if Gu Yue clan could stay here at Bai gu mountain as our clan’s ally."


 Fang Yuan promptly denied.


 Bai Mo Xing also persuaded, Fang Yuan seemed to be moved but he did not yield.


 After the banquet, Bai Lian also came over to indirectly talk about it; Fang Yuan expression became complicated, but he still didn’t admit it.


 "Hmph, this kid, his mouth is very tight." After the banquet, in the tent, Bai Mo Xing gritted his teeth and sighed.


 "This is the demeanor of the young master of a clan, I am not surprised. We just have to raise the heat." Bai clan leader’s gaze was pensive.


 The next day, dawn.


 Fang Yuan was still sleeping, when he was woken up by quarrelling noises from outside the tent.


 He walked outside the tent to take a look, only to see Bai Zhan Lie aggressively pulling Bai Lian’s hands.


 "Bai Zhan Lie, I told you many times to stop bothering me. Love can’t be forced!" Bai Lian swung off Bai Zhan Lie’s hand and said with an icy expression, "I still have things to do, take your leave."


 "Today’s hunting competition is about to begin, what things do you have to do? Or are you going to look for that gigolo from Gu Yue village?" Bai Zhan Lie furiously roared.


 "Say whatever you want! Young master Fang Zheng is very kind and even lent the clearing heat Gu when I asked for it. If it was not for his help, could Bai Sheng Jing recover so quickly?"


 "Lian Er, can you not be so simple minded? Clearing heat Gu, haha, the way I see it he is just thinking to get intimate with you. Don’t tell me you didn’t sense his glances?" Bai Zhan Lie worriedly said.


 Bai Lian glared: "Bai Zhan Lie, enough is enough! Ah, young master Fang Zheng..."


 As the two quarreled, they saw Fang Yuan who was standing outside the tent.


 Fang Yuan looked a little embarrassed and his gaze showed some worry as he said to Bai Lian: "So it was Lady Bai Lian. Please come in if you have something to say."


 "You lad!" Bai Zhan Lie turned furious and seemed about to find trouble for Fang Yuan, but was stopped by Bai Lian half-way through.


 "Bai Zhan Lie, what do you think you are doing? Are you crazy? This is our clan’s esteemed guest!"


 "What esteemed guest, he is no more than a stray dog." Bai Zhan Lie spat in contempt as he pointed at Fang Yuan, "Kid, if you have guts then let’s have a real contest! The loser will have to stop bothering Lian Er."


 "Hmph, I am only a rank one whereas you are a rank three and you have the nerve to say this. Could it be the grand Bai clan has no fairness?" Fang Yuan’s expression turned ugly.


 "In this world, there has never been fairness, there are only strong and weak. You are a coward if you don’t dare to compete! So it turns out the Gu Yue clan produces cowards, hahaha...." Bai Zhan Lie threw his head back and laughed, the sound attracting many people.


 "What’s going on?" Bai Mo Xing hurried over at this moment.


 Bai Lian explained everything to him, Bai Mo Xing immediately criticized Bai Zhan Lie: "Stop fooling around, you actually dared to be rude to the esteemed guest!"


 Bai Zhan Lie raised his head: "He didn’t dare to take up my challenge, he is not a warrior. Since he is not a warrior, why should I be courteous to him?"


 "You!" Bai Mo Xing stared in fury.


 Bai Lian said: "Anyone who accepts such challenge would be an idiot. Young master Fang Zheng’s cultivation has fallen because of injuries. If he was at his peak state, you might not be his opponent."


 A young lady was saying such things towards Fang Yuan, if Fang Zheng was really here, his heart would have been completely filled with appreciation.


 Fang Yuan, however, sneered: Such a good performance!


 "I will compete with you in place of young master Fang Zheng." Bai Lian continued.


 Bai Zhan Lie gasped with rage: "Why are you sticking out for him, besides on what basis are you representing him? He is only a gigolo, a spineless coward, I alone can win ten of him! I won’t compete with you. Kid, if you have guts then stand up. Not even saying anything, are you still a man?"


 "If you want to compete, then let’s compete, who is afraid of whom!" Fang Yuan seemed to have been spurred on by the remarks, as he straightened his neck and said in an impulsive manner.


 "Lord elder, did you hear it? He agreed!" Bai Zhan Lie immediately shouted out with glee all over his face.


 Bai Mo Xing furrowed his brows: "One should always be brave enough to receive challenges. Junior Fang Zheng, we all see your bravery, but you are our clan’s esteemed guest, how will we explain to Gu Yue clan if there are any mishaps? And your cultivations are not at the same level, so the challenge loses its fairness."


 "Lord elder is correct, junior was thoughtless..." Fang Yuan deliberately hesitated.


 Seeing Fang Yuan seemingly about to withdraw, Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian quickly communicated with their gazes.


 Bai Zhan Lie continued to speak, provoking Fang Yuan’s anger and spurring him on.


 Bai Lian bit her lips, before walking in front of Fang Yuan. She opened her watery big eyes and spoke softly: "Young master Fang Zheng, if I may be so bold to ask a favor."


 "Oh, what request?"


 "I really wish young master would accept this challenge and help me get rid of Bai Zhan Lie’s persistence. I really can’t endure his harassment." Bai Lian said with eyes filled with tears.


 A young girl was imploring a boy like this, to drive away a nasty pursuer.


 Especially if this boy also had good feelings about this young girl.


 Tell me, which boy could refuse?


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan immediately patted his chest and agreed: "Not to worry Lady Bai Lian, your affairs are my affairs, I will give it my all."


 Fang Yuan paused before speaking with some hesitation, "It is just that my cultivation is weaker than his at the moment. Just in case I lost...."


 "Please be at ease young master, I have a plan already." Bai Lian’s smile was like the blooming of a daffodil.


 She turned around and said to Bai Mo Xing: "Lord elder, young master Fang Zheng might have agreed to the contest, but if we really were to continue with the duel, we might injure our harmony and it also wouldn’t be fair. I have a proposal; the hunting competition is ongoing currently, how about we take this chance to divide them into five person group and compete with the hunting accomplishments?"


 "Yes, it is a good proposal." Bai Mo Xing felt his beard and slightly nodded, "Okay, you will choose your own teams. But to be fair, the cultivation level of your teams must be proportionate."


 Bai Zhan Lie snorted in annoyance.


 "Yes." Bai Lian promptly bowed in happiness.


 -----------------------------------------------------------------


 After an hour, the two sides set off.


 On Fang Yuan’s side, there were rank three Bai Ning Bing, Bai Lian and two other female Gu Masters with a similar age to Bai Lian, both all having rank two cultivation.


 Among them was Bai Sheng Jing who was very grateful to Fang Yuan. She was the one who was poisoned and had been cured by Fang Yuan’s clearing heat Gu.


 The group was harmonious, and although Fang Yuan had the lowest cultivation, he was the core of the group.


 "Young master, you don’t need to worry, we have already gotten detailed information on the locations of the more precious preys. You only need to follow us." Bai Sheng Jing was responsible for scouting, and she was quite lively.


 The group followed her, and sure enough, they were able to kill many unique prey.


 Fang Yuan didn’t have to exert himself and the whole thing felt like he was going on an excursion rather than hunting.


 "Young master Fang Zheng, I heard others saying your Gu Yue clan is migrating to Bai Gu mountain, is that true?" Bai Sheng Jing seemed to have asked casually when they were returning from their rewarding hunt.


 "Those talks are all baseless." Fang Yuan smiled.


 "Young master, you are gentle and refined, an upright gentleman, much better than that Bai Zhan Lie. Sigh, if you could stay at Bai gu mountain then we could meet each other more often in future." Bai Sheng Jing continued.


 Fang Yuan laughed and secretly glanced at Bai Lian who was walking alongside him.


 Bai Lian seemed to be worried: "Settling down and establishing the village is not an easy thing. The most important condition is to find a spirit spring. However, the primeval energy around the spirit spring is very dense, so there will definitely be beasts pack or formidable wild Gu worms living near it. To establish the village, the very first exploration group will have to go through intense battles, either killing beast packs or the wild Gu worms. This process will definitely be accompanied by bloodbath and sacrifices."


 Upon saying so, she looked at Fang Yuan, "Actually, there are many bone Gu living in Bai Gu mountain. These bone Gu have tough physique and are difficult to deal with. There are also no soil in Bai Gu mountain, the ground is all made of bones and stones. It is not impossible to establish a village and survive on this mountain, but the price to pay is very high."


 "Oh, is it so?" Fang Yuan’s smile contained a trace of reluctance and his gaze seemed to revealed deep worry.


 Then, he pretended to act nonchalant, asking: "I am quite interested in Bai Gu mountain. Bai Lian, your clan could be said to be half the owner, could you tell me what dangers are on this mountain?"


 Bai Lian smiled: "Then please listen, young master."


 She exaggeratedly spoke while secretly activating the Anxiety Accumulation Gu inside her aperture.


 This Gu worked as quietly as the spring breeze and would silently influence everyone within ten steps of it. It aggravated people’s thoughts and increased their worries.


 Fang Yuan’s smiling expression gradually faded and the worries in his eyes became more visible.


 "Young master Fang Zheng doesn’t need to worry, we will definitely win against Bai Zhan Lie this time." Bai Sheng Jing intentionally eased Fang Yuan’s worries.


 Fang Yuan nodded and after replying few sentences, he appeared absent-minded.


 Following, he kept on asking many questions.


 They were all about Bai Gu mountain, especially about certain areas in the back of the mountain.


 Bai Lian patiently answered all his questions.


 This scene was playing in real time in the camp.


 "The fish has taken the bait." Bai clan leader showed a smug smile, "Back of the mountain..."


 She started looking at the map on the table.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Second chapter of the day.


 If you have extra powerstones do consider giving them to us, thank you!



***
Chapter 219: Entering Bai Gu mountain


***





 Chapter 219: Entering Bai Gu mountain


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 After a short period of time, Bai clan leader took her gaze off the map, giving up.


 Bai Gu mountain was huge, even though the range was restricted to the back mountain, it was still a long way to pinpointing the exact location.


 "That Gu Yue lad, he is on guard against our Bai clan and would not ask for the direction directly. It seems that to find out the location of the spirit spring, we will need to buck up!" Bai clan leader gritted her teeth, evaluating.


 Once they obtained the location of the spirit spring, Bai clan would hold a thorough investigation.


 "But if the spirit spring’s surrounding beast groups isn’t a lot, and the price for killing them isn’t huge, I will strike directly. After all, we have the initiative to act first! But if the surrounding wild beasts and gu worms are too many, we will provide support and reinforce Gu Yue clan, making them bear the brunt of the attacks, while we wait for the opportunity to reap the rewards afterwards. If we do this well, we might even absorb the remnants of Gu Yue clan. Hehehe..."


 Thinking of the great plan, Bai clan leader laughed out.


 She had no idea now, that the so called Gu Yue remnants were just a big fat lie.


 In fact, Fang Yuan obtained even more valuable information from Bai Lian.


 The righteous inheritance was at the back mountain of Bai Gu mountain, Fang Yuan did not fake the information.


 However, there were many bone beasts at the back mountain, and even more Gu worms dominating the area, it would be tough and full of obstacles to claim the area as a clan territory.


 He knew from Bai Lian’s words, that there were some exaggeration, relying on his five hundred years of experience, he filtered the exaggerated parts, and obtained one truth —— if he and Bai Ning Bing worked together, to get to the inheritance ground, it would take at least half a year.


 The situation on Bai Gu mountain was not like the woods. There were large numbers of wild beast groups, and many ferocious beasts and dangerous gu worms lurked. Many areas needed to be avoided and some places even needed to be steered clear of.


 Once back at the village, it was like what Bai Sheng Jing said, their battle results were superior to Bai Zhan Lie.


 After a day of circulation, this competition was widely known.


 The five walked in the campgrounds, receiving much attention.


 "Senior Bai Lian won today."


 "That is just Lord Bai Zhan Lie being unlucky. You know, hunting relies on luck too. If you do not encounter rare prey, so what if you have strength?"


 "Those two, are they the ones from Gu Yue clan?"


 "Who is that girl? So beautiful... not any less than Bai Lian’s beauty!"


 "I heard this Gu Yue clan young master is interested in Lord Bai Lian, truly a lame toad trying to eat swan meat ."


 "According to my observations, this person’s nature is flawed. Having one beside him already, yet craving another, no wonder Lord Bai Zhan Lie was furious."


 "Everyone can tell Lord Bai Zhan Lie is interested in senior Bai Lian. After all, I heard they were childhood friends."


 "Sigh, unfortunately the feeling isn’t mutual..."


 Many whispers and secret talks were undergoing, as people lowered their heads.


 Fang Yuan looked like he was gloomy, even though he won, he did not show any joy on his face.


 Only until at night, at the central tent, as another campfire banquet was held.


 The twins, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, toasted to Fang Yuan before being brought away. In the tent, many new faces emerged.


 Bai Lian and Bai Zhan Lie’s competition caused them to leave the ordinary hunting competition. Thus, the spots they used to hold were freed now, causing many youngsters in the Bai clan to step up.


 These two males were evidently closer to Bai Zhan Lie, one stared at Fang Yuan angrily during the banquet while the other was apathetic.


 "Junior, it has been so many days, where are your clansmen?" At the banquet, Bai clan leader asked.


 Fang Yuan showed some worry: "According to my calculations, it should be these few days. Sigh, maybe they encountered some trouble, but with their strength, there should be no problems.


 Bai clan leader nodded, what she was concerned with was Fang Yuan.


 After spending so much effort, and establishing this stage. At this point where progress was being made, and success was around the corner, she did not want the Gu Yue remnants to appear and thwart the entire plot.


 What she did not know was, her worry was unnecessary. In this world, only two Gu Yue remained, Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng.


 "No worries junior, I have sent people to scout around, I believe that not long later, you will hear news of your clansmen." After reacting, Bai clan leader consoled Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan quickly thanked her, as Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 The situation was getting more critical, the longer they dragged, the worse it was for them.


 Now was still fine, using excuses to answer them. After all, in the wild, encountering unexpected troubles is normal. But after they dragged it out, Bai clan would be suspicious, and may even find out the truth behind their lies.


 But these days, they continued to hunt in the wild, and Bai Ning Bing did not dare to do anything. She knew that there were Bai clan gu masters invigilating the entire process, hiding at a corner.


 They lacked a strong movement gu, and with the complex forest terrain, it limited their speed.


 In Bai Ning Bing’s perspective, the situation was worsening by the day, they seemed to have fallen deep into the quicksand, sinking deeper as time passed, at this rate they would be thoroughly consumed.


 "What exactly are you planning?" Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan.


 She understood Fang Yuan, he was not the type of person to wait and die. But because of her little life experiences, she could not think of a way to break out of the situation.


 In this environment, she could not discuss openly with Fang Yuan either.


 The pressure in Bai Ning Bing’s heart was intensifying.


 Another day passed.


 Fang Yuan’s group was narrowly beating Bai Zhan Lie’s group in terms of results.


 At the banquet, Bai clan leader called Bai Mo Xing for another secret discussion.


 Clan leader tapped on the table with her finger: "This cannot go on, although today during the hunting, Bai Lian continued to talk about the dangers of Bai Gu mountain, I could feel Fang Zheng wavering but time waits for no one. Once the Gu Yue group shows up, Fang Zheng would’ve found his pillar of support, and our efforts would have been in vain."


 "Time is not on our side." Bai clan leader sighed, unable to hide her worry.


 What she did not know was, Bai Ning Bing was more worried than her.


 Time was even more precious for Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan.


 Bai Mo Xing pondered for a while: "Clan leader, the way I see it, it is not realistic to expect Fang Zheng to trust us in the short run and give us the location of the spirit spring. I have an idea here, but we still need to continue manipulating and intensifying his pressure."


 "Oh? Speak."


 Bai Mo Xing whispered softly.


 Bai clan leader nodded slightly: "You are right, that Fang Zheng is very anxious, probably worried that his clan would suffer too much losses from fighting for the spirit spring. Doesn’t he want information on the area near the spirit spring? He definitely wants it, but is wary of us. Moreover, their cultivation is weak too, your idea seems good....."


 Subconsciously, the female clan leader felt that this method was inappropriate, but now that they had no better plans they could only try this.


 Thus, on the third day of the duel, Bai Zhan Lie accidentally caught a wild swimming dragon butterfly during hunting, and the entire camp was in a commotion.


 Bai Lian showed a grim expression: "The situation is looking bad, swimming dragon butterfly Gu, rank three and very precious. Bai Zhan Lie’s score is way ahead of us, we can only take a risky move to have a chance to win. I am very clear of the forest’s terrain. We can only go into Bai Gu mountain to hunt, and kill bone beasts or capture wild bone Gu."


 Bai Ning Bing heard this, and her heart jumped.


 Bai Gu mountain, isn’t that the best way to break out of their predicament? Haha, to think that an opportunity would arrive like this.


 Although Bai Gu mountain was dangerous, it was the best way to escape Bai clan.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "This is too dangerous, lady Bai Lian, we have limited strength, forget it."


 Bai Ning Bing stared with wide opened eyes, wanting to strangle Fang Yuan so badly.


 Bai Lian laughed instead: "No worries young master. I have a plan, I have a good relationship with Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, we can coax them into joining the hunt tomorrow. They have no cultivation, thus they are not considered reinforcements for us. But they have Gu Masters hiding around protecting them from danger. If we enter Bai Gu mountain, and encounter danger, how can they not help? We will not take the wild beasts they kill, but only hunt our own. The beast groups are bound to have the old, sickly and weak, the wild beasts on Bai Gu mountain are way more valuable."


 Fang Yuan was shocked: "To think that Bai clan is doing this, all just to prevent my suspicion."


 As he thought so in his heart, he said instead: "Great idea! Lady Bai Lian is truly pure hearted, I am very amazed."


 "No, I am flattered." Bai Lian smiled shyly, but smugness flashed across her eyes.


 --------------------------------------------------------------


 The next day.


 At dusk, in the central tent, Bai clan leader stared at the rainbow smoke in the air tightly.


 In the smoke, an image appeared.


 In the image, there were seven people. Other than Fang Yuan, Bai Lian and the three, there were also two children, the Bai clan young masters.


 "It seems Bai Gu mountain is very peaceful. We’ve moved for so long, and not encountered any trouble." In the image, Bai Sheng Jing spoke.


 Bai clan leader snorted out of anger.


 To protect them, she sent out a large number of Gu Masters to pave the way, not leaving behind a single elder, all protecting them in secret.


 The reason Fang Yuan’s group was having such an easy time, and encountering sporadic wild beasts, was because they were purposely left behind by the Bai clan Gu Masters.


 In this six hours, Bai clan had sacrificed tens of outstanding Gu Masters, and even three elders were injured.


 Among them, two were severely injured, falling unconscious and were on the way back to camp.


 But this was still Bai Gu mountain’s foot, the more they ascended, the more danger lurked.


 Don’t see how easily Fang Yuan and the others travelled, this was all due to the other Gu Master’s sacrifice of life and blood.


 Especially Bai Gu mountain, no one lived there, and it was a wild beast territory. To pave the way and explore, the price to pay was huge.


 Fang Yuan continued to ascend, and with Bai Lian’s guidance, they arrived at Bai Gu back mountain.


 "We have limited information, I do not know where to continue going. The sky is getting dark, maybe we should get back." Bai Lian purposely said.


 "Since we’re here, we might as well explore." Fang Yuan said instead.


 He looked around, trying to discern, like he was trying to find something.


 He started to lead them, according to his memories, he knew the inheritance ground was close by.


 "Hey, hey, hey, can you at least try to pretend?" Beside him, Bai Ning Bing saw this and was screaming in her heart. Fang Yuan’s behaviour was already out of character.


 Bai Ning Bing looked around worriedly, but what was strange was: Be it Bai Lian, Bai Sheng Jing or the others, it seemed they could not tell anything, letting Fang Yuan search in silence.


 "Good, this is it! It seems this place is very close to the spirit spring!" In the tent, the clan leader said agitatedly.


 "Hehehe, Fang Zheng, you are still too young... Eh? They entered the cave, is the spirit spring inside the cave?" The image flashed, showing the insides of the cave.


 Right when Bai clan leader was getting confused, someone reported from the outside: "Reporting to clan leader, an investigative Gu Master is back, bringing a Tie clan Gu Master, they have important news to report!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter, enjoy! Appreciate the comments, thank you for reading.



***
Chapter 220: Turns out they were demonic scoundrels!


***





 Chapter 220: Turns out they were demonic scoundrels!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Important information?" Bai clan leader frowned - what could be more important than the spirit spring?


 "Since it’s not an emergency, let them wait first." She instructed before turning her gaze back to the smoke image.


 The image shone, showing the situation in the cave; Fang Yuan and the group moved deeper into the cave, till they reached the end.


 This cave wasn’t big. Bai clan leader was disappointed as she did not see the spirit spring, there was no way it could be in a place like this.


 "It seems that we still need some time to find the spirit spring." Bai clan leader muttered. She swung her sleeves and kept the smoke back in, before saying towards the outside of the tent: "Call them in."


 The tent flap was opened; a fierce and vigorous investigative Gu Master walked in and bowed: "This subordinate greets lord clan leader, I have an important news to report."


 There was a trace of anxiety in his voice.


 "You captured a Tie clan Gu Master." Bai clan leader frowned slightly.


 Tie clan was a huge powerhouse which not even ten Bai clans could match. There would be huge trouble if the matter was not handled properly.


 Bai clan leader was blaming the subordinate in her heart, this Tie clan Gu Master was like a bomb, he should’ve killed him secretly in the woods. Bringing him back to the clan would leave behind evidence and cause complications.


 "This subordinate had received a mission, and while investigating the directions of the Gu Yue remnants, I accidentally found a heavily injured Gu Master. I was suspicious at first, thinking he was a Gu Yue clansmen. But after healing him, he claimed to be a Tie clan Gu Master. And he told me a shocking news! Qing Mao mountain’s three clans were completely wiped out. A mysterious demonic Gu Master managed to escape from the disaster, and the Tie clan mobilized their Gu Masters to pursue these demonic Gu Masters." The Investigative Gu Master reported.


 "What did you say?" Bai clan leader was surprised; her heart jumped, and she started frowning.


 At this instance, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s images flashed in her mind. Are these two youngsters demonic Gu Masters? They didn’t look like it!


 Especially when she thought about Fang Yuan’s crying image at the banquet — how can such a person be a demonic Gu Master?


 "How can you be sure this person is a Tie clan Gu Master?" Bai clan leader asked again.


 "This is the Tie clan token I got from his body! And his Gu worms are also Tie clan’s characteristic Gu worms." The investigative Gu Master said while handing over a metal token.


 Bai clan leader received the token, she felt a cold sensation from the token.


 It was indeed the Tie clan token, but......


 "There is also a possibility that this person killed the Tie clan Gu Master and took the token as their loot. Maybe this person is trying to mislead us, he might just be the demonic Gu Master the Tie clan is pursuing." Bai clan leader thought of a possibility.


 In order to live, demonic Gu Masters obviously have to lie about their identity.


 The Bai clan leader had too deep of a preconceived perception. But no matter what, she would have to confirm it herself.


 She squinted and said: "Bring that captive here."


 "Move." Soon, the tent was opened and a Gu Master was brought over.


 It was Tie Dao Ku; his hair was a mess and his face pale as he walked towards the Bai clan leader.


 "Kneel down!" The Gu Master behind kicked, and this strong willed man grunted, kneeling on the ground.


 But he strongly resisted and tried to remain standing.


 "Stay still!" Two Gu Masters behind him held each of his arms, forced him down.


 Tie Dao Ku struggling was to no avail, he shouted: "I, Tie Dao Ku, will kneel to the heavens and earth, will kneel to my parents, will kneel to the clan leader, but do not humiliate me, or I’d rather die!"


 "Oh, great acting." Bai clan leader’s eyebrows raised, but she just sneered and interrogated: "Speak, you are a demonic Gu Master, how did you kill the Tie clan Gu Master and obtain this token?"


 Tie Dao Ku was stunned, before spitting out some bloody phlegm: " Spit ! I am Tie Dao Ku of the grand Tie clan, my name and surname will never change. Now that I’ve landed in your hands, do whatever you wish to me, but trying to frame me like this, isn’t it too hypocritical?"


 The phlegm did not land on Bai clan leader, as it hit an invisible wall in midair and fell on the ground.


 Bai clan leader’s expression turned ugly.


 Tie Dao Ku laughed coldly: "Our Tie clan is an expert in pursuing and investigation. Bai clan, you captured me and humiliated me like this, hehe, you better decimate my corpse, and pray you are not found out. If not, heheh, you shall face the wrath and revenge of our entire Tie clan!"


 Bai clan leader sneered: "You keep claiming to be a Tie clan Gu Master, but I’ve seen many Tie clan Gu Masters, those who are below rank 5 would move in large numbers, and are extremely spirited, and iron willed. Not only are you travelling alone, just look at your state, you should act better if you want to pass off as a Tie clan Gu Master."


 Tie Dao Ku’s cold sneering froze.


 Bai clan leader’s words triggered the most painful memory in his heart.


 Back when they left Qing Mao mountain, all nine of them were high spirited, but now only he was left and that too as a prisoner!


 Sadness...


 Especially when he thought about how Tie Ao Tian died, the huge regret and pity intensified his pain.


 Tie Ao Tian was the Tie clan’s fourth young master, with superior talent and a determined nature; there were many expectations placed on him since young. He was a strong competitor for the clan leader position, and was the future hope of the Tie clan. The intellect and talent he displayed made Tie Dao Ku see the future of the Tie clan in his hands.


 But!


 When that overwhelming explosion occurred, everything ended.


 It was too abrupt!


 Tie Ao Tian who was in the middle of the explosion didn’t even have time to activate his defensive Gu before he was blown to bits.


 A generation’s genius, the star of the future, died in such an obscure way!


 Not only Tie Ao Tian, some others were affected as well and died in the explosion along with countless Gu worms.


 There were only two people alive; both heavily injured.


 Tie Ku Dao was one of them. Back then he was at the back of the team, and because his skin had turned into bronze skin by his Gu worm, he preserved his life.


 Another injured person had lost half his body, and in a short while, fell into a coma; eventually dying after resuscitation failed.


 Tie Dao Ku cried as he buried his clansmen.


 He had wanted to bury them separately, but most of the corpses were in pieces. Tie Ao Tian was the most pathetic, only a palm sized piece of flesh was left of him.


 He carried his extreme pain and grief, and built a tomb, cutting a huge rock and moving it there as a marking.


 Next, he investigated the explosion site.


 With his experience, he concluded it was the charred thunder potato Gu.


 Almost a hundred charred thunder potatoes, buried together! Without a doubt, this was a huge devious, ruthless and extremely evil trap!


 Who would do such a wicked thing!


 Who set this trap?!


 Tie Dao Ku thought about it hard, and felt that Fang and Bai were the most suspicious. Of course, he did not know their names or the exact info, but he understood that this culprit was most likely the demonic Gu Master they had been chasing.


 Too despicable!


 Too vicious!


 Tie Dao Ku flew into a rage, his hatred as deep as the sea.


 Revenge, he must get revenge, and bring this demonic Gu Master to justice!


 Tie Dao Ku could no longer return to Tie clan. He was responsible to get to the end of the fourth young master’s death. Furthermore, if he returned empty handed like this, it would be a huge disgrace to his character.


 He had to continue the chase!


 His life had suddenly turned from colorful to grey. He wanted to kill the demonic Gu Master of Qing Mao mountain to vent his anger. Even if he could not, he wanted to give his all.


 "Revenge! Revenge!" He shouted, he would not stop until he killed Fang and Bai.


 However, reality was cruel. His injuries could not receive proper healing, and in a few days, he suffered from a high fever and terrible headache. He also encountered beast groups’ attack, and barely managed to escape through the river. But without proper supplies, he still fainted in the end.


 When he was awake, he found that he was saved, but became Bai clan’s captive.


 Thinking back, it was all a series of painful events!


 Tie Dao Ku kneeled in the tent with tears flowing out uncontrollably.


 Bai clan leader was amazed, Tie Dao Ku did not answer her questions and just kept on giving off a determined aura.


 This did not look like a fake identity, like a demonic Gu Master who wanted to live.


 "Is this person really from Tie clan?" Bai clan leader started to feel something amiss, the bad feeling in her heart starting to spread.


 She wanted to find out more details, but Tie Dao Ku did not reply and even closed his eyes.


 Bai clan leader’s mind turned as she suddenly said: "Not long ago, our Bai clan entertained two Gu Yue clan guests. They are two youngsters, one claiming to be Gu Yue clan’s young master..."


 Before she finished, Tie Dao Ku opened his eyes abruptly. His once dead eyes started shining with radiance.


 Hatred, anger, joy, all sorts of complex emotions burst forth.


 He wanted to get up agitatedly, but was pushed down by the two Gu Masters behind him.


 He shouted: "It’s them, it’s definitely them. To think I met them here. Two people, and even youngsters, hmph, they must be the demonic Gu Masters that escaped from Qing Mao mountain!"


 Tie Dao Ku did not know the situation on Bai clan, the investigative Gu Master only interrogated, there was no way he would tell him such information.


 Bai clan leader quickly asked: "If you are a Tie clan Gu Master, where are your companions?"


 Tie Dao Ku’s attitude changed completely at this point; for the sake of revenge, he answered seriously: "They’re dead."


 "Where did they die? Where are the corpses?"


 Tie Dao Ku’s expression changed: "I cannot tell you this. The dead shall rest in peace, even if you suspect me, I will not allow you to dig their graves!"


 Bai clan leader’s heart sank after hearing this.


 These were not words a demonic Gu Master would say.


 "Don’t tell me..." An intense worry grew in Bai clan leader’s heart.


 She could not help but wave her sleeves, as a colorful smoke flew out and coiled around in the air, forming an image.


 "Your clan’s young master is in our hands, all of you get out now!" In the image, Fang Yuan had already fallen through with Bai clan, he was gripping Bai Hua and Bai Sheng’s throats as he threatened.


 Bai clan leader was instantly dumbstruck.


 After a few breath’s time, she flew into a rage, slamming the table in front of her into smithereens.


 She wanted to scream ——


 "Turns out they were demonic scoundrels!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Chapter for the day.



***
Chapter 221: Welcome to Bai Gu Mountain


***





 Chapter 221: Welcome to Bai Gu Mountain


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai clan leader’s face looked extremely dark.


 She had understood everything!


 At first she was hesitant, but after seeing the image in the colorful smoke, only an idiot would not understand what had happened.


 Bai clan leader was no idiot, in fact she was wiser than ordinary people. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, she was the one who led Bai clan on the resettlement, and set the foundation for the next generation’s prosperity.


 "Damn it! How could this happen?"


 "Those two scoundrels were actually demonic Gu Masters. They are too good at acting!"


 "Clan leader, the two young masters are in their hands, what do we do?"


 In the tent, the other Gu Masters were panicking when they looked at this scene.


 The situation was terrible, Fang Yuan was holding the two young masters hostage, and caused everyone to be cautious in their actions.


 Bai clan leader forced herself to calm down. She was the birth mother of Bai Hua and Bai Sheng, her worry and anxiety far surpassed the others. However, as someone in power, she had to have her strengths.


 Other than her identity as a mother, she was also the clan leader!


 She first ordered her subordinates to release Tie Dao Ku.


 "We were wrong about you, Tie clan’s warrior, I apologise to you here." She stood up and bowed with a sincere expression.


 Tie Dao Ku snorted, although he was extremely displeased, he admired Bai clan leader’s resolve.


 After all, he was only a prisoner now, his life and death could have been decided merely at her thought.


 He gritted his teeth and tried to stand up, but because his body was extremely weak, even this action was taxing on him.


 "Come, bring the Tie clan guest to his seat." Bai clan leader instructed.


 Tie Dao Ku sat down, fixing his gaze at the colorful smoke. His gaze seemed to be on fire when he looked at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, causing others to look away.


 "These two are the demonic Gu Masters who escaped Qing Mao mountain? That explosion trap was set by them? Young master Tie Ao Tian’s death, the ones I am pursuing, are these two youngsters?"


 Tie Dao Ku etched Bai and Fang’s appearances and their body shapes into his mind.


 "No, it might not be them, this could all be a misunderstanding..." Tie Dao Ku thought of another possibility.


 He was upright, and never killed an innocent.


 "Regardless, I have to confirm it myself! If they aren’t, I will pursue the true criminals. If they are, I shall cripple these two rascals’ apertures and tear them to pieces!"


 Thinking so, he spoke: "Bai clan leader, the matter at hand is to arrest these two scoundrels, as well as saving your clans’ two young masters."


 "Tie clan warrior, what do you have to advise me?" Bai clan leader wanted to get some useful information from Tie Dao Ku.


 But she was destined to be disappointed.


 Tie Dao Ku shook his head, smiling bitterly.


 In the cave, swords were brandished.


 "All of you, get out, do you want me to repeat myself again?" Fang Yuan threatened in a cold snicker.


 "Fang Zheng, what are you doing?"


 "What is going on? Why are you holding the two young masters hostage?"


 Bai Lian, Bai Sheng and the others were tongue-tied, they thought he had found the spirit spring, but everything happened in a flash, who would have thought that Fang Yuan would suddenly go crazy and kidnap the two young masters.


 Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!


 Three figures suddenly appeared.


 "Fang Zheng, you dare to hold our clan’s young masters hostage? How dare you, your crime is unforgivable!"


 "Release them, and we may spare you your life!"


 "Fang Zheng, release them now, and come back with us, we will let you leave safely!"


 The three clan elders spoke, their expression extremely ugly.


 They were strong, and followed this group the entire time. But the moment they sensed this change, they rushed to the scene.


 "You guys finally decided to show yourselves? Excellent..." Fang Yuan snickered, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua struggled intensely in his hands.


 "Evil scoundrel, release us!"


 "If you kill me, you will die too!"


 The two children shouted with all their strength, their faces were turning red from suffocation.


 These two children were future Rank 5 Gu Masters, lords of Bai clan, the Righteous Twin Stars. But now, unfortunately, they were defenseless and were being strangled by Fang Yuan.


 After a while, their eyes started rolling back and their breathing slowed.


 "Fang Zheng! Don’t make a mistake, release the two young masters!"


 "We’ve given you the chance, as long as you release the young masters, we will let you leave, we will definitely not pursue you."


 "What do you want? Primeval stones, Gu worms?"


 The three clan elders were anxious, and their eyes revealed a ruthless expression as if they couldn’t wait to attack.


 "Hmph, weren’t my earlier words clear enough? All of you get out, if not....." Fang Yuan laughed deviously, using his gaze to signal to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing understood, taking out the chainsaw golden centipede.


 She injected primeval essence into it, and the razors started rotating furiously, moving towards Bai Hua’s tender arm.


 "Let go of my sister... le... let go...." Bai Sheng stared furiously, his breathing started getting rough as he struggled with all his strength, but Fang Yuan used just a little more strength and his words were stuck in his throat.


 "Don’t be rash!"


 "Stop, stop!"


 At this point, more and more Gu Masters entered, and everyone were screaming in anxiety.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: "On the count of three, if you are not all out of this cave, your young master’s limb will be gone!"


 Everyone gritted their teeth, their eyes burning with fire, they wanted nothing more than to chop Fang Yuan into pieces.


 "Still not leaving?" Fang Yuan’s eyebrows rose and he moved Bai Hua closer towards the chainsaw.


 "Ah!" Everyone screamed.


 "My god!!" A young female Gu Masters covered her eyes.


 "Quickly, get out of the cave!" The clan elders shouted, they did not dare to gamble with their young masters’ lives.


 Everyone gradually retreated, staring at Fang and Bai on the way out.


 If gazes could kill a person, Fang Yuan would’ve been dead a million times. If rage was like water, they would’ve drowned under the tsunami already.


 When everyone was out of the cave, Fang Yuan passed Bai Hua and Bai Sheng to Bai Ning Bing, before surveying the surrounding.


 Bai Gu mountain was made of bones with no rocks or soil. This cave was the same, white throughout. The cave walls even had sharp bone spikes, although these bone spikes looked the same as in other caves, in fact, if one observed properly, they would find that these bone spikes were spiral at the tip, different from others.


 This was the spiral bone cave, also the entrance to the Grey Bone Scholar’s inheritance.


 The entire Bai Gu mountain had many caves, but this was the only cave with so many spiral bone spikes.


 Fang Yuan had never been here. But in his previous life he had heard many stories which were even testified by Bai Sheng and Bai Hua personally.


 "We entered the spiral bone cave first, then accidentally found a bone spike that could be twisted; it was the mechanism to open the entrance......"


 Fang Yuan thought for a while, before starting to search for that special bone spike.


 There were uncountable bone spikes in this cave, but in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Bai Hua had revealed that back then when she and her brother had been playing in the back mountain, she saw a large bone spike in the cave, with very closely carved spiral markings. She touched it casually, and accidentally twisted it, opening the entrance.


 "Fang Zheng, you are surrounded. There is no way to escape, come out."


 "To be honest, we were quite kind to you, to think you returned our kindness with ingratitude!"


 "Fang Zheng, I’ll give you some advice, leave some leeway for yourself. If anything happens to our young masters, we will take revenge on you with all our might!"


 The cave was not deep, the shouts of the Gu Masters could be heard echoing inside.


 Bai Hua started to sob.


 Bai Sheng said: "Fang Zheng, stop it. Release us and I will let you two leave in peace. I assure you as the young master."


 He was young, but was calmer than an adult facing this predicament. The brilliance of a future star was already being displayed in him.


 Fang Yuan paid them no heed, suddenly his eyes shone.


 He took a step forward before stretching his hand towards a rather conspicuous large bone spike.


 Next, he twisted it lightly.


 Creak...


 There was a loud sound and the bone spikes began to contract; a secret door opened from the side, revealing a squarish cave opening.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone.


 Bai Hua stopped crying, staring at this change in shock.


 "Ah, there’s a cave!" Bai Sheng shouted.


 "Hmph, keep your mouth shut." Bai Ning Bing chopped on his neck, knocking him unconscious.


 Bai Sheng had screamed on purpose to leave traces for the people outside.


 As expected, a commotion occurred outside.


 "Cave?"


 "Not good, they’re trying to escape!"


 "Chase!"


 Fang Yuan growled: "If anyone dares to step inside, I will kill Bai Sheng first."


 This shout stopped the Bai clan Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan quickly walked into the cave, Bai Ning Bing also knocked Bai Hua unconscious, carrying them on each of her hands and followed.


 This secret path was well lit, shining with a pure white light. It was just that there were bone spikes everywhere, stabbed into the walls like sharp spears..


 These bone spears were densely packed, sealing the whole tunnel. There was only a little space between them, allowing Fang Yuan to see a hall beyond them.


 "It seems this is the reason you came to Bai Gu mountain, I’ll open a path for us!" Bai Ning Bing moved ahead, trying to use the chainsaw golden centipede, but Fang Yuan stopped her.


 "These bone spears are extremely tough, don’t be in a hurry." Fang Yuan searched around according to what Bai Hua had said in his previous life; he found the shortest spiral bone spike, and pulled it.


 Creak......


 Another sound of some mechanisms being activated, the cave behind the two sealed itself while the bone spears in the tunnel contracted back into the walls.


 Suddenly, the path ahead was smooth and unobstructed.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, turning and saying to Bai Ning Bing: "Welcome to Bai Gu mountain."


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze flickered, as she looked behind subconsciously.


 The cave entrance behind her had sealed itself.


 The Bai clan Gu Masters would need to spend quite a bit of time to pursue them at least to open this cave entrance.


 Bai Ning Bing’s lips curled, revealing an excited smile.


 Everything had become interesting, this was the life that she was after...


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Chapter for the day. Slightly later because I had school earlier, sorry about that.



***
Chapter 222: White Bone Inheritance (1)


***





 Chapter 222: White Bone Inheritance (1)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The secret tunnel was not long; after walking for a while, Fang and Bai arrived at a huge hall.


 The pure white hall was made out of bones. In the center was a huge vat.


 The vat was filled with milk like white liquid that was giving off a fragrant smell.


 As Fang Yuan got close to it, his memories resurfaced.


 According to Bai Hua, this vat should be connected to a spring below it.


 This spring was a milk spring.


 The spring water tasted like milk, a clean sweet taste. Not only was it a top tier beverage, it was also extremely nutritious, children grew better drinking it, and the elderly could maintain a strong healthy body as well.


 Milk spring was the specialty product of Bai Gu mountain.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life - after Bai clan relocated here, they unearthed five milk springs, causing it to become their specialty production and even used it as a commercial product to attract many traders and merchants to come and make a deal.


 "There is a Gu inside this vat..." Fang Yuan said, indicating to Bai Ning Bing using his gaze.


 Although according to his memories, there was no danger at this location, Fang Yuan was vigilant, after all this was not something he had experienced personally and his information was all from a third party.


 Things that carried risks, he’d rather let others do it.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, activating her defense and putting her hand into the vat.


 "There are so many Gu inside!" Her brows raised in shock.


 When she pulled her hand out, her hand was full of Gu worms.


 These Gu were as large as a human finger and were completely white. One end was round while the other was sharp, like a miniature spear.


 This was the Bone Spear Gu.


 "Although this Gu is only rank one, the whole vat is almost filled to the brim with it." Bai Ning Bing was slightly excited.


 Bone Spear Gu was similar to Gu Yue clan’s Moonlight Gu in that it was the foundational gu of the White Bone inheritance.


 In his previous life, after Bai clan found this inheritance, many of the clan’s Gu Masters equipped this Gu, thus the Bone Spear Gu also became a characteristic of Bai Clan’s Gu Masters.


 "Look around again, there should be a rank two Gu inside." Fang Yuan stood at the side with a plain expression.


 Bai Ning Bing hauled for a few more times, before finally finding a rank two Gu.


 This Gu was similar to the Bone Spear Gu, but on the surface of the bone spear, there were spiral markings — Spiral Bone Spear Gu.


 This Gu was the evolution of the Bone Spear Gu, its attack power and penetrative force was higher than the Bone Spear Gu.


 In the huge vat, the Bone Spear Gu was in the majority, and only a small number were Spiral Bone Spear Gu.


 "This way, I finally have a standard method of attacking." Fang Yuan grabbed a Spiral Bone Spear Gu and thought.


 Charred Thunder Potato Gu was very unstable, it needed to be planted in the ground, and it would have been planted in vain if others do not step on it. Also if a Gu Master with poor memory planted it and forgot the location of the potatoes, he might even injure himself by accident.


 Moreover, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu’s use had restrictions. It must be used in soil, and the more fertile the soil the better. As for a special location like Bai Gu mountain, the charred thunder potato could not be used. Otherwise, Fang Yuan would not mind setting one or two more traps here.


 "A pity there isn’t a rank three Gu." Bai Ning Bing was slightly disappointed. She chose a Spiral Bone Spear Gu and placed it into her sleeves, planning to refine it later.


 She only felt curiosity towards these types of rank two Gu worms. They could not display the true power of a rank three Gu Master in battles..


 Seeing no danger in the vat, Fang Yuan started to act.


 He hauled Gu worms after Gu worms out of the vat, and used the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to instantly refine them using his primeval essence.


 "You, you, this.... What..." Bai Ning Bing was tongue-tied at this scene.


 In the matter of a few minutes, Fang Yuan had already refined a few dozen Gu worms, and he was still continuing!


 Because of the Spring Autumn Cicada, he could instantly refine them. And because of his aptitude and the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, his primeval essence recovery speed was much greater than the refining expenditure, thus he could continue the refinement non stop.


 This was a crazy sight!


 Fang Yuan refined over two hundred Bone Spear Gu in his aperture, and over twenty Spiral Bone Spear Gu.


 Gu refinement was a tough barrier for Gu Masters, although Bai Ning Bing had seen Fang Yuan instantly refine Gu a few times before, it had never been so visually impactful.


 In Fang Yuan’s hand, refining Gu worms was as easy as eating and drinking, no, it was simply as easy as blinking.


 Simply way too easy!


 "What secret does he have?" Bai Ning Bing was very shocked, Fang Yuan’s image became even more mysterious in her heart.


 But on the surface, she just curled her lips and said calmly: "You got so many Gu worms at once, can you afford to raise them?"


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Of course not."


 Bone Spear Gu, Spiral Bone Spear Gu, they all fed on milk. Thus, they were kept in this vat of milk.


 Don’t see how this milk spring is one full vat, the expenditure was huge, only because there is a spring eye at the bottom of the vat, can it sustain till now.


 If Fang Yuan wants to raise and feed so many Gu worms, he would need to have a milk spring himself.


 "Even though I can’t feed them, I would rather bring more with me, than let the Bai clan people gain them." Fang Yuan laughed, pointing to the vat: "Alright, destroy the rest of the Gu."


 The vat had way too many Gu worms, although Fang Yuan refined a lot of them, considering the limits of his rank one aperture, there was still a large number left behind.


 A moment later, Bai Ning Bing looked at the floor of Gu corpses with a complicated expression. She knew clearly what the value of these Gu were.


 Destroying them was tantamount to destroying a small mountain of primeval stones, even Bai Ning Bing felt heartache.


 But, rather than leaving them for enemies, and letting Bai clan take them and grow stronger, they might as well destroy all the Gu.


 The two left the hall, and moved along another secret tunnel, getting to the second white hall.


 At the center of the hall, there were three white bone pillars.


 At the tip of the pillar, it was carved into a human hand, without skin or flesh, only left with bones.


 In the white bone hand, they each held one Gu.


 Three pillars, three slumbering Gu worms.


 Fang and Bai got closer, and saw what was carved on the pillars, explaining characteristics of the three Gu.


 "Ribcage shield Gu, Flying bone shield Gu, Arm bone wings Gu..." Bai Ning Bing stared at the pillar, muttering.


 Very quickly, her gaze was focused on a line —"Three, choose one, satisfied at heart. Bai Gu inheritance, left for future descendants."


 The meaning was obvious, they can only choose one Gu, and leave the others to future inheritors.


 Ribcage shield Gu, could cause a Gu Master to grow two rows of ribcages, shielding their chest, and had great defense. It was a rank three Gu, advantages being: Other than the initial growth period, which needs a lot of primeval essence, afterwards it can be sustained without primeval essence, something like the heavenly essence treasure lotus, after it is refined, it can be used without injecting primeval essence.


 Flying bone shield Gu, after using, three flying bone shields would fly out, being small and floating around the Gu Master’s surroundings.


 Arm bone wings Gu, would grow a pair of bone wings at the forearm area, waving the wings would increase movement speed slightly, most importantly it increased attack speed.


 "Ribcage shield Gu can be used together with the carapace Gu, to form defenses front and back. But the carapace Gu is bound to be replaced, and only the Ribcage shield Gu alone is not wide enough. I have the jumping grass, and do not fight close combat, the Arm bone wings Gu is also useless.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, and chose the Flying bone shield Gu.


 He smashed the bone arm, refining the Flying bone shield Gu and keeping it in his aperture.


 As for the other two gu, he did not touch them.


 This is a righteous faction inheritance, this area tested the self control of the inheritor, if they cannot control their greed and desires, taking all three Gu, then the future tunnels would change drastically, although there would not be devious traps, their rewards would be much lower.


 Righteous inheritance is unlike demonic inheritance.


 Normally speaking, they are designed kindly. Gu Masters having luck to encounter their opportunities would gain them, the only difference is how much.


 Bai Ning Bing seeing Fang Yuan not moving, also did not dare to move the pillars, afraid of special traps.


 The two moved along the secret tunnel entering a third hall.


 There was no more tunnels now after the hall, only one human skeleton in the cave in a sitting position.


 Before the human skeleton, there was a huge book.


 This book was made with bones, as long as an arm, wide as half an arm, and as thick as eight inches.


 Fang Yuan indicated to Bai Ning Bing to pick it up, and seeing no danger, took the book from her.


 This book, was named "Grey Bone Huge Book" by the Bai clan twins in his previous life. Inside, there were many refinement recipes as well as the creator of the inheritance, Grey Bone Scholar’s life experiences and why he set up this inheritance.


 Fang Yuan flipped the book, it was truly so.


 This is a genuine righteous inheritance.


 At the end of the book it says: This corpse, is the Grey Bone Scholar himself. If the future inheritor has the kindness, they might as well pay respects to it, and kowtow three times. Afterwards, they can split the skull apart, and obtain one Gu. That is the Grey Bone Scholar’s lifebound Gu, if the inheritor obtains it, they should make the world a better place and uphold justice.


 Fang Yuan laughed upon seeing this, handing the grey bone huge book to Bai Ning Bing and kneeling on the ground, kowtowing three times respectfully.


 This was a true kowtow.


 His forehead hit the rough floor, emitting three loud sounds.


 Bai Ning Bing was surprised, not expecting this side of Fang Yuan!


 After Fang Yuan finished, he stood up, and there was no commotion in the hall.


 He did not mind it, smiling lightly.


 In this hall, there are no more secret tunnels, but it is not the end. This place tests the inheritor’s nature, if the person is kindhearted and knows gratitude, they would kowtow.


 If they do three genuine "knocks" on the ground, a new tunnel would appear.


 But this is only one aspect. 

 If they not only kowtow, but do not move the corpse, showing respect for the corpse of the senior, a second path would appear.


 "In the previous life, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua both kowtow, but Bai Hua was afraid of pain, not giving off a loud sound. But Bai Sheng triggered the first path. Bai Sheng wanted to retrieve the Gu, but Bai Hua stood him, wanting to leave the senior in piece. Thus, Bai Hua triggered the second path."


 Fang Yuan thought about it, looking at Bai Hua and Bai Sheng.


 They were carried by Bai Ning Bing, still unconscious.


 Bai Ning Bing also looked at them, sighing: "It seems that from now on, we have to rely on these two to protect our lives. But I am very curious, what the lifebound Gu of this Grey Bone Scholar is, let’s split the skull."


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "This is the most exquisite part of the inheritance, curiosity would make a person want to see the Gu inside the skull, and the better they imagine it, it would be even greater than seeing the real thing, don’t be rash."


 Once he finished, a part of the bone wall shrunk, moving away and revealing a new tunnel.


 "I see." Bai Ning Bing seemed to have understood something, about to strike but stopped by Fang Yuan.


 "Although this cave is correct, it is not the most valuable one, wait a bit longer."


 Waiting makes time feel much slower.


 Especially when Fang and Bai are still being pursued by Bai clan.


 After waiting for five minutes, Bai Ning Bing started to get impatient, but suddenly a new door slid open, revealing another tunnel.


 "Haha, this is it." Fang Yuan laughed loudly, moving forward and raising his leg, smashing Grey Bone Scholar’s corpse to bits.


 When this tunnel appeared, the corpse lost its meaning.


 Fang Yuan took out a Gu from the skull, a rank three Bone Spike Gu.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily Chapter



***
Chapter 223: White Bone Inheritance (2)


***





 Chapter 223: White Bone Inheritance (2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Rumble!


 There was an explosion, smoke and dust filled the air before clearing up to reveal a cave.


 "There really was a cave!"


 "No wonder they disappeared completely, they must have entered this cave."


 "It’s odd, why is there such a mechanism here? Ah, clan leader is here."


 Bai Clan Leader had arrived just in time to see the group blasting open the wall and revealing the secret tunnel.


 "This should be an inheritance ground." Accompanying the clan leader was Tie Dao Ku who deduced it at a glance.


 "So it was like that, those two thieves’ true destination was here!" Bai clan leader gritted her teeth as a chilling light flashed past her eyes.


 Truly great acting!


 She had been recalling the scenes of her interaction with these two in these few days, on her way here.


 The more she recalled, the angrier she got; she was actually duped by two youths. The majestic Bai Clan Leader along with a group of clansmen were all playing into two juniors’ hands!


 If words of this were to spread, it would be an enormous strike towards Bai clan’s reputation.


 "Junior didn’t handle it properly and couldn’t protect the two young masters, clan leader, I ask for punishment." Bai Lian, Bai Sheng Jing and others nervously knelt on the ground, asking for forgiveness.


 "Stand up, you only did it according to my instructions. If we have to blame someone, we can only blame those two thieves for being too cunning!" Bai Clan Leader’s words relieved Bai Lian and the group from a great burden.


 "You have been in contact with these two thieves all the time, did you really not find any flaws?" Tie Dao Ku asked.


 The three girls stood up with complicated expressions.


 It was especially so for Bai Lian; she had been thinking she was playing Fang and Bai like toys in her palms, but to think that she was the one that was played.


 "There were no flaws."


 "Those two were too capable at pretending!"


 "Thinking back now, they were using our Bai clan. Truly cunning and devious."


 The three girls shook their heads as a reply to Tie Dao Ku.


 Tie Dao Ku had also learned about the general situation from Bai Clan Leader on the way. Of course, the matter regarding Bai Clan spirit spring was naturally not revealed.


 "Yes... as you say, those two thieves real purpose should have been this place. Their strength is not enough to let them wander around Bai Gu mountain, so they borrowed your Bai clan’s strength." Tie Dao Ku analyzed from a third person view.


 Bai Clan’s Gu Masters’ faces turned ugly upon hearing him.


 It was indeed so.


 In these days, they had sacrificed a lot and paid a huge price to pave a way through Bai Gu mountain. However, they ended up paving the way for Fang and Bai.


 "Curse these two scoundrels!"


 "If those two thieves land in my hand, I will cut them into pieces."


 "Clan leader, let my group take this task, I will kill those bastards and wipe away this disgrace!"


 In an instant, the mountain cave was filled with angry uproars.


 Bai Clan Leader looked around her before slightly nodding her head. It was not that she didn’t want cruelest deaths for Fang and Bai; as the mother of Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, she hated not being able to be with her children at this moment.


 Morale was at its peak as the entire clan was motivated by anger.


 Bai Clan Leader looked towards the elder who had asked her to let him take the task: "Then I order your group to pave the way through this secret tunnel!"


 "Yes!" The elder accepted the command.


 "Hold up, the bone spikes in this passage are uneven and completely sealed off; how did those two thieves enter inside? There must be some mechanism. Let me check it first." Tie Dao Ku raised an objection.


 The elder who had just accepted the command glared: "It is an emergency now, the two masters are in grave danger; it’s going to take forever trying to slowly look for the mechanism!"


 -----------------------------------------------------


 "Bone spike Gu..." Fang Yuan held this Gu and observed its details.


 This Gu was about a fist sized and was like a ball cactus, with thorns like bone spikes all over on its surface. It was also somewhat heavy.


 It was a rank three Gu, a typical Gu which would damage both the enemy and the user; if the enemy received thousand damage then the user would be inflicted with eight hundred damage.


 The reason was when a Gu Master used it, their skeleton would undergo changes before sharp and hard bone spikes portrude out.


 Before even using these bone spikes to confront the enemy, these bone spikes would first pierce through the Gu Master’s own flesh and skin. The pain was still secondary, if there wasn’t a corresponding healing Gu to pair up with it, the situation would truly be messed up.


 The enemy might not die, but it sure would seriously injure the Gu Master that used it.


 "What Gu is this?" Bai Ning Bing curiously gazed at it. But when she heard Fang Yuan’s introduction, she lost all her interest.


 It was not that she was afraid of pain, but rather she was already using ice muscle Gu.


 All the flesh on her body was already permanently changed to ’ice muscle’ by the ability of ice muscles Gu. It not only gave her defense but also stopped perspiration and stopped bleeding.


 However, if she used this bone spikes Gu, it would first remove her ice muscles which to her was a loss instead of gain.


 Fang Yuan was also not too interested in this bone spikes gu.


 But it was after all a rank three Gu, thus Fang Yuan refined it and stored it in his aperture for the moment.


 "Let’s go." Fang Yuan chose the hidden door which appeared in the last.


 Bai Ning Bing was still the one to scout ahead.


 A downward flight of stairs was spread inside the door. This flight of stairs was long, at least about thousand meters.


 The surrounding lights gradually dimmed when they reached the latter half of the stairs, and the stairs were also getting narrower.


 By the time Fang and Bai reached the end of the stairs, the light had almost completely disappeared. In front of them was a tightly closed door.


 There were four words carved on the door — Flesh Sac Secret Chamber.


 -----------------------------------------------------


 "These bones are really god damn hard!" Bai clan elder cursed out as he wiped the sweat off his forehead.


 Fifteen minutes had already passed, but they had only opened this secret tunnel by half.


 These uneven densely packed bone spikes didn’t look any different from the stones of Bai Gu mountain. But only after attacking them would one realize how shocking hard these bones were.


 Bai Clan Leader’s expression also didn’t look good.


 The more time passed by, the more danger her children could be in.


 Right now, this mother felt a century had painfully passed by instead of just fifteen minutes. However, as a clan leader, she had to be calm and cool even if it was only on the surface, she had to be a role model to give confidence to her clansmen.


 Crack.


 Suddenly, a light sound echoed, the mechanism had turned on, causing the remaining bone spikes to swiftly shrink back to the holes on the cave walls.


 Everyone was shocked and looked towards the source one after another.


 Tie Dao Ku touched his chin and analyzed to himself: "This mechanism is somewhat ingenius. To open the entrance, one would need to twist the spiral bone spike. This leaves a deep impression on people and when people come to this secret tunnel, they would often rely on this impression and try twisting the spiral bone spikes near them. Unfortunately, to shut down this mechanism would require one to pull up the spiral bone spike and not twist them."


 In that instant, everyone was dumbfounded.


 The elder who had accepted the command was now completely red and seemed to be very embarrassed.


 After the group passed through this secret tunnel, they arrived at the first hall.


 "This is?!" They were stunned.


 All around them were dismembered corpses. These corpses were the result of Bai Ning Bing killing the Gu worms that were in the vat.


 "These should be bone spear Gu...and there are also spiral bone spear Gu." Some elders quickly recognized these Gu.


 "This really is an inheritance ground! In all my life, this is the first time I am experiencing it!" Someone said excitedly.


 "Look, there is a big vat in the middle, what could be inside it?" Someone curiously pointed at the vat.


 However, the vat didn’t have anything other than the milk spring.


 The Bai clan group were disappointed and then turned furious.


 "These thieves really don’t leave room for compromise! They didn’t leave behind anything."


 "Damn it, so heartless, they destroyed so many Gu worms!"


 Many cursed out in sorrow and indignation.


 Even the elders felt grief at this.


 "Let’s move quickly, the earlier we catch them, the less the damage we suffer." Tie Dao Ku said, causing everyone’s gazes to brighten.


 With this stimulation, the morale of the group increased even higher, wishing they could immediately appear in front of Fang and Bai.


 The group then arrived at the second hall and saw the three stone pillars.


 "There are Gu worms left!" The gu master in front shouted in happiness.


 "Please take a look clan leader." Soon, arm bone wings and rib shield Gu both appeared in the clan leader’s sight.


 Bai Clan Leader glanced at them and then made her people stow them, she didn’t feel any happiness.


 Compared to Gu worms, she was more concerned for her children’s safety.


 "Did you see? Those two Gu were rank three Gu worms."


 "This inheritance really makes one anticipate what’s coming."


 "Luck and misfortune comes in turn, this saying is really true...."


 Some were deeply moved and some were in awe.


 "Don’t you find it odd? Why did they leave behind these Gu?" On the contrary, Tie Dao Ku could clearly sense something fishy as a spectator.


 "Three, choose one, satisfied at heart. Bai Gu inheritance, left for future descendants." Someone soon discovered the words carved in the stone pillar.


 "This doesn’t look like a demonic path inheritance, I am afraid it is left behind by a righteous path Gu Master."


 "Tsk, heart is satisfied, but none of us are satisfied."


 "Let’s move, quick. We need to save the two young masters first, it won’t be late to visit it again later."


 The group urged each other and arrived to the third hall.


 They saw the skeleton sitting cross legged and an enormous bone book. 

 "Gray Bone Scholar.... so this inheritance belonged to this senior." An elder opened the book and realized that this was indeed a righteous path inheritance.


 Bai Clan Leader’s furrowed brows relaxed a little.


 This was the first good news she had heard till now.


 Righteous path inheritance was usually mild and wasn’t treacherous like demonic path inheritance.


 Tie Dao Ku, however, was starting to frown. He increasingly felt something was wrong, the words on the stone pillar had given to an indescribable worry in him.


 The group picked up the smashed skull and saw a bone spike Gu inside it.


 Following that, a part of the stone wall slid open and showed a new secret tunnel. The group entered this passage.


 ---------------------------------------------------


 "Flesh Sac Secret Chamber..." Bai Ning Bing murmured before trying to push open the door.


 The door was not locked at all and easily opened.


 Behind the door was a hidden room which was not that big, but was very grotesque.


 The walls in the hidden room were all made of flesh. When Fang and Bai walked inside, they felt like they had walked into the stomach of some monster.


 The flesh walls were warm and slightly throbbed rhythmically as if there was a heart inside them.


 As if sensing someone’s presence, the flesh walls suddenly opened up a small crack and revealed white teeth all over it.


 Bai Ning Bing was astonished.


 There seemed to be countless opened large mouths in the flesh walls.


 The mouths opened up with jaws clenched, revealing a set of even teeth. The phrase ’baring one’s fangs’ seemed to match this scene perfectly.


 Heeheehee... hahaha... hehehe...


 These mouths let out all kinds of laughing sounds. The laughs mixed together and echoed in this narrow secret chamber; anyone that heard it would feel their hearts palpitate!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 For those wondering, White bone inheritance has three parts.



***
Chapter 224: White Bone Inheritance (End)


***





 Chapter 224: White Bone Inheritance (End)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 This Flesh Sac Secret Chamber was strange.


 The surrounding flesh walls were filled with mouths and the mouths were open, revealing tightly clenched white teeth.


 Not only this, these mouths were even letting out strange laughters, making one shiver all over.


 Fang Yuan patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder: "This is the effect of flesh laughter Gu, it is just like Earth Treasury flower, and is used to store Gu worms. No need to worry too much."


 He had just finished saying this, when suddenly the teeth completely fell off from an open mouth and a scarlet tongue extended from the mouth.


 The tongue was very long, about over a meter, and the front part was curled up.


 When the tongue fully extended, the tip of the tongue started straightening and revealed a book on it.


 This was a bone book too, except it was many times smaller than the Grey-Bone Huge Book; pocket-sized, about half of an adult’s palm.


 Fang Yuan took it and then started looking through it.


 The main idea behind the contents of the book was: Since the successor could reach this place, it is a proof of your pure nature and you can now inherit my true inheritance. I have two identities; ’Grey Bone Scholar’ and ’Flesh Bone Master’. This Flesh Sac Secret Chamber holds many Gu, if the successor is fated, you can try knocking the teeth; if your luck is good and you open the teeth, you could take the Gu worm hibernating inside.


 "This is purely testing one’s luck." Fang Yuan understood when he read this.


 Bai Hua hadn’t told him about this barrier in detail, in his previous life. Fang Yuan could only test it randomly.


 The first to succeed, however, wasn’t him, but Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing bent her forefinger and lightly knocked the teeth. These teeth were like musical instruments and would produce some kind of clear musical tone when they were hit.


 She had just randomly knocked, and this mouth suddenly stopped its laughter; its teeth completely fell off and scarlet long tongue extended out from it, revealing within it a Gu.


 "What Gu is this?" After looking at this Gu, pleasant surprise emerged in Bai Ning Bing’s face before changing into an odd expression.


 This Gu looked quite peculiar as it looked like a set of dentures; spotless white teeth with an exceptionally neat set of upper and lower teeth, and gave off a pearl like luster.


 Fang Yuan looked at it and immediately, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on his face: "Not bad, this is the famous rank three healing Gu — Flesh-bone Gu!"


 " Raising the dead, flesh white bone ..." Bai Ning Bing mumbled.


 Rising dead Gu was accepted as the number one healing Gu among rank four. Even if a Gu Master died, as long as the time of death didn’t cross fourteen hours and their whole bodies were intact, one could use this Gu to resurrect them.


 However, this Gu could only be obtained by chance and not by seeking it as it was too valuable and rare. It was also a one-time-use expendable Gu, with high demand but no supply.


 Flesh-bone was a rank three Gu, but it wasn’t an expendable Gu and could be used again and again.


 It was often used together with rising dead Gu.


 If a Gu Master’s corpse wasn’t intact, one could first use flesh-bone Gu to reconstruct their flesh, and then use rising dead Gu to resurrect the Gu Master.


 Throughout the history, this pairing was quite common and had benefited a lot of big shots; among them were even rank nine immortal venerables and demon venerables.


 This was an ideal healing Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had painfully searched for such a long time, and now his wish was finally being realized.


 "Hehe, want it? You can exchange it with Yang Gu." Bai Ning Bing held this Gu in his hand and laughed in satisfaction.


 Fang Yuan sneered: "You think I am stupid?"


 Bai Ning Bing’s smile faded and her gaze became cold: "We can come to an agreement as long as you hand over the Yang Gu. Fang Yuan, I have followed you for so long, but know that my patience has a limit. I am no longer afraid of death, at worst we will both die together."


 "You aren’t afraid of death, but do you think I am afraid?" Fang Yuan sneered. He had already expected such a situation and thus wasn’t surprised.


 Bai Ning Bing took back her gaze and then carefully checked the flesh-bone Gu on her hand; the corner of her lips curled up: "Killing you might also be a good option. Look at yourself, you only have rank one cultivation but you can actually instantly refine Gu, and you also have the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. Besides these, if I kill you, I can at least possess this inheritance. Just thinking about it makes my heart beat in excitement..."


 Bai Ning Bing’s words were full of threat.


 "Possess this inheritance? Haha, did you forget the Bai clan who is chasing us? They might even be walking down the flight of stairs outside right this moment. Without me, do you know where to go to next? This inheritance looks like a one-way path from the surface, but actually has many branches. I can indeed not fight you at the moment, but you are too naive to think you can seize the treasures by killing me. Do you think I will give you the opportunity to take the Yang Gu? Just try it, if you don’t believe me."


 Fang Yuan then turned around and started knocking at the teeth again.


 In fact, he also didn’t know where to go from here, as this secret chamber didn’t have any other passages.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the completely defenseless back of Fang Yuan; it looked like she could kill him if she just made a slight move.


 But against all reason, Bai Ning Bing, however, didn’t dare make a move recklessly.


 Fang Yuan’s words all struck her mind; Without Fang Yuan, how should she move next? Returning the way she came would be a death road.


 Bai Ning Bing narrowed her eyes, and for a moment, she even felt ’Is even the Bai clan’s attack under Fang Yuan’s calculation? Creating an external force to prevent her from killing him for the benefits?’


 Till now, Bai Ning Bing was in a puzzled state. She couldn’t understand: Why would Bai clan ’cooperate’ and accompany Fang Yuan all the way here?


 In fact, her heart concealed deep worry ever since she was controlled by Fang Yuan.


 Yang Gu was with Fang Yuan, she had always been worried Fang Yuan would use this to threaten her. Although Fang Yuan said he would hand over the Yang Gu to her once his cultivation reached rank three, what kind of person was Fang Yuan?


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t be more clear about this.


 Going back on his words was a common thing to him, as natural as eating food and drinking water.


 She might as well go die rather than to believe in Fang Yuan.


 Let’s take an example of something that happened just recently. That miserable Bai Clan leader, wasn’t she an able woman? An elite and a very wise person, but after believing in Fang Yuan, what was her current state?


 Fang Yuan was too good of an actor!


 Goosebumps covered Bai Ning Bing’s body when she recalled the scene of Fang Yuan’s tears in the banquet.


 This was a genuine sly fox!


 He even intentionally glanced at Bai Lian repeatedly, just to lay a trap in which Bai clan was very happy to step in. She could still remember the brilliant expression on Bai Lian when Fang Yuan revolted; shocked and lifeless.


 What Bai Ning Bing was most worried about now was Fang Yuan not handing over the Yang Gu even after reaching rank three.


 The possibility was too big.


 "Now I am a rank three and he is still rank one, I can still hold some initiative. But in the future when his cultivation reaches rank three or higher, wouldn’t I just be controlled by him and become his chess-piece?"


 Bai Ning Bing was holding this kind of worry in her heart, and this worry deepened even more after Fang Yuan used green copper relic Gu and instantly broke through to rank one upper stage.


 Bai Ning Bing was worried, but right now, there were many who were more worried than her, their worries even reaching an extreme point.


 "What’s going on?" A group of people stood outside the exit of the inheritance and looked at their surroundings, their faces turning horribly ugly.


 They had moved quickly through the path and charged through several bone halls. They were able to make some gains, but from the start to end, they didn’t encounter Fang and Bai. In the end, they walked out of the secret tunnel, to the outside of the mountain.


 "It really is like this!" Tai Dao Ku suddenly exclaimed.


 His words immediately attracted the attention of many.


 "Brother Tie, what do you mean?" Bai Clan Leader immediately asked. If it was before, she would have already realized the answer with her astute senses. But now, her children were kidnapped and as time continued to pass by, she became more disconcerted.


 "This Bai Gu mountain inheritance seems to be a one-way path, but it actually has many branches. Like this branch in my hand." He casually broke off a thin branch from a bone tree near him.


 "The path at the start should have been the same for both us and them, thus we could see their traces on our way. But afterwards, we should have walked through a branch path and they should have walked into another branch. Do you still remember the second hall? There were three pillars and I suspect that there was a contraption set up in the pillars; when we walked into the third hall, there was the Grey Bone Scholar’s skeleton, but there were no signs of the skeleton being moved. The crucial point should be the secret tunnel after the second hall..."


 Tai Dao Ku hadn’t finished speaking when Bai Clan Leader coldly shouted: "Let’s go back!"


 Time continued to pass, Fang Yuan really wished time could extend by fifty-sixty times right now.


 He knew Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance, it could at most hoodwink someone for a while. When Bai clan Gu Masters realize the truth behind the structures, he and Bai Ning Bing would be in danger.


 But as it so happens, he didn’t know how to continue from here.


 The secret chamber didn’t have any other passages.


 They definitely couldn’t return back the way they came; even if the majority of Bai Clan group walked through another passage, they will definitely have some people guarding the exit.


 "Could this secret chamber already be the final area? Did Bai Hua and Bai Sheng obtain all their Gu worms from these mouths? That can’t be, the rumors in my previous life said Bai Hua and Bai Sheng arrived at a precipice after going through this inheritance site. This rumor has been publicly approved by Bai clan. Maybe the mechanism to open the passage is hidden in one of these mouths?"


 Fang Yuan’s mind moved lightning fast.


 They didn’t have much time left...


 Bai Ning Bing was confused, he didn’t know the state they were in and only thought Fang Yuan had made some plans. However, Fang Yuan knew their situation was becoming more perilous.


 This door didn’t have any defensive functions, who knows whether a furious mob of Bai Clan gu masters might come crashing down the door the next moment.


 "By then, we can only rely on Bai Hua and Bai Sheng as our protective amulets. But this is not a very reliable guarantee. This world has many magical Gu worms; there are many with control abilities like causing dizziness, hypnosis, paralysis and so on. Bai Clan is a powerful clan and definitely has such methods." When he thought of this, Fang Yuan couldn’t help looking at Bai Hua and Bai Sheng.


 The twin siblings were lying on the ground, still unconscious.


 "Got it." Fang Yuan suddenly got a great idea.


 He decided to wake up these two kids.


 First of all, time was pressing, he needed more manpower. Second, Bai Hua and Bai Sheng were the true fated owners of Bai Gu mountain inheritance. What’s more, they were both mortals, there was no need to worry they could cause any accidents.


 Executing his ideas immediately, Fang Yuan quickly walked over and kicked the twins.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Third chapter for the weekends (Please feed Chibi powerstones). No chapter tomorrow. At least there’s no cliffhangers right? Right?



***
Chapter 225: Jade Bones, Steel Bones


***





 Chapter 225: Jade Bones, Steel Bones


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Rumble...


 There was an explosive sound before the bone wall collapsed, a new path appeared in everyone’s sights.


 Destroying was much easier than creating, especially when this inheritance didn’t have anyone controlling it.


 "We have news from ahead. The fifth path has been completely investigated but the target hasn’t been found."


 "Reporting to clan leader, I entered the sixth path and found a bone hall. There was a skeleton and a huge bone book in it."


 "Reporting, seventh path also has a hall with similar structure, with a skeleton sitting cross-legged and also a bone book."


 "Reporting, discovered the eight path!"


 "Search again!" Bai Clan leader’s face was gloomy, there were over seven giant bone books piled up in front of her.


 "This design really is in accordance to people’s hearts. When a Gu Master finds the skeleton and the bone book, they would subconsciously have a misunderstanding by thinking they already inherited the whole inheritance, but in truth Grey Bone Scholar has set up many similarly structured halls. The true inheritance should be hidden in one of the paths." Tie Dao Ku was deeply interested.


 Bai Clan Leader’s brows furrowed even deeper.


 The situation had become complicated, she wasn’t worried Fang and Bai would head back the way they came, since she had already arranged many people to guard the entrance.


 What she was worried about was Fang and Bai would escape from some paths in the inheritance. After all, she could only control the entrance and not the countless exits.


 Right at this moment, a Gu Master rushed over with an ecstatic expression: "Found it. We found a bone hall in the eighth path; the skeleton in there has been smashed to pieces and the Gu worm in the skull has also been taken."


 "This is definitely the path they took!" Tie Dao Ku’s spirits was raised.


 "Lead the way!" Bai Clan Leader immediately moved.


 After a short period, a group of people hurriedly arrived at a hall.


 "How can there be two secret tunnels?" An elder was surprised.


 "Which path did those two demonic path thieves take?"


 "Regardless, we will just go in two groups. Once we reach them, we must protect the young masters no matter what!"


 The flight of stairs that led to Flesh Sac Secret Chamber stood out and attracted the attention of Bai Clan Leader, Tie Dao Ku and most of the elders.


 "Flesh Sac Secret Chamber?" After a while, the group reached the end of the stairs.


 BOOM!


 The door was smashed to smithereens, and the group flocked inside.


 However, there was not a soul in the secret chamber.


 Heeheehee... hahaha... hehehe...


 The countless mouths on the wall produced all kinds of laughing sounds.


 "What nonsense is this?!"


 "Laughter meat Gu, especially used to store treasures. These mouths are like drawers."


 "This mouth is opened quite wide, they might have gone through here."


 Bai Clan Leader glanced around before finally, her chilly gaze stared at the only secret tunnel in this chamber: "You, you and you will remain behind, rest of you will follow me!"


 A while ago, in the same secret chamber.


 Bai Sheng had just regained his consciousness when he felt a sharp pain in his stomach.


 "If you don’t want to die, stand up!" Shortly, he heard a ruthless voice.


 Towards this voice, Bai Sheng had the deepest impression of it.


 It was precisely the owner of this voice who had cheated a whole clan and kidnapped him. Even the identity of Gu Yue clan’s young master might be a scam!


 Scammer, hoodlum, demon!


 Despite cursing in his heart, Bai Sheng still obediently crawled up.


 He only then found that he was in an extremely strange place, the flesh walls around him were filled with mouths and were producing cacophony of laughters which was reverberating in his ears.


 "Flesh laughter Gu?" He blurted out as he recalled the records in the books.


 "Little guy, you are young but are quite knowledgeable." Fang Yuan smiled.


 According to the rumors in his previous life, he heard this Bai clan brother and sister were innately intelligent, especially the big brother Bai Sheng who had high wisdom even at young age with a memory ability that was close to photographic memory. Right now, he was able to recognize the flesh laughter Gu, it seemed the rumors were not baseless.


 "You two!" Bai Sheng gritted his teeth and stared at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing with deep hatred.


 "Big brother!" Bai Hua had also been kicked awake by Fang Yuan, she ran to Bai Sheng’s side while sobbing.


 Bai Sheng promptly protected his sister behind him.


 "What a great sibling relationship." Bai Ning Bing chuckled.


 "You malevolent woman! You grew up so beautiful, but your heart is as poisonous as a scorpion!" Bai Sheng fearlessly scolded.


 The smile on Bai Ning Bing’s face immediately disappeared.


 Bai Sheng’s words deeply stabbed her. ’Woman’, ’beautiful’, she didn’t want to hear these words even a little bit.


 Slap, slap, slap!


 She walked forward and grabbed Bai Sheng before slapping him thrice.


 She possessed the strength of a crocodile, and although she restrained majority of her strength, after she finished with her slaps, Bai Sheng’s two cheeks turned red and swollen.


 "Venomous woman, evil woman, kill me if you have guts!" However, Bai Sheng still continued to curse.


 Slap, Slap, Slap!


 Bai Ning Bing gave him another three slaps.


 " Sob sob , let my big brother go, please release my big brother..." Bai Hua grasped Bai Ning Bing’s leg and implored, crying.


 "Sister...don’t beg her!" Bai Sheng spoke with difficulty.


 Fang Yuan sighed, he then walked forward and grabbed Bai Hua’s collar.


 The little girl cried out in panic when she was lifted by Fang Yuan.


 Bai Sheng could not longer act unyielding as he anxiously shouted: "Evil thief, let go of my sister!"


 Fang Yuan extended another hand and tightly pinched Bai Hua’s cheek, before saying in an unhurried tone: "So noisy, if you make anymore noise, do you believe that I will cut off both of your tongues? Yes, how about I start by cutting off this little girl’s tongue first?"


 A slight smile raised the corners of his lips; cold light flashed in his eyes as he released his killing intent.


 Bai Hua was so scared she didn’t dare to weep anymore, tears floated in her eyes.


 Bai Sheng wanted to open his mouth to talk back, but his heart immediately palpitated with a glance from Fang Yuan, and he shut his mouth.


 "This is good. Obediently cooperate with me and maybe I will let you live." Fang Yuan was still smiling.


 Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched.


 However, Fang Yuan immediately added on: "I am saying the truth. I don’t dare to make an enemy of your mother, capturing you was also to ensure our safety. If you obey us, we will let you go. Of course, if you don’t cooperate, haha, I don’t mind cutting off your tongues or few of your fingers to play with."


 "Then what do you want us to do?" Bai Sheng took a deep breath, he wasn’t afraid of the cold Bai Ning Bing, but was afraid of the smiling Fang Yuan.


 "Do you see these mouths in the walls?" Fang Yuan’s smile turned even bigger.


 He explained the details and let these brother and sister go about knocking the teeth.


 Barely a moment had passed when Bai Hua cried out in fear.


 In front of her, a mouth opened up, its scarlet tongue extended and revealed a quail egg sized bone ball.


 The ball was covered with black and white stripes, making Fang Yuan associate with an animal from Earth — zebra.


 Fang Yuan quickly walked over and took this Gu, his countenance changing in pleasant surprise.


 If he wasn’t wrong, this was a movement type Gu — footless bird.


 This Gu could only be used once, but it’s body was big and it could fly thousands of miles.


 This really was like receiving a pillow when one was sleepy .


 Fang Yuan had just been worried about how to escape, and to think Bai Hua would present him with a footless bird!


 However, this pleasant surprise was just the beginning.


 After a while, Bai Sheng also achieved success.


 He knocked and opened a mouth, a bone was revealed on its tongue.


 The two ends of this bone was smooth and round; the middle part was long and slender; and there was a greenish glow to the bone like a green jade stone.


 Jade bone Gu!


 Fang Yuan held it, before immediately refining and putting it into his aperture.


 This time, it was Bai Ning Bing’s turn to be envious.


 Jade bone Gu could remodel the Gu Master’s skeleton into that of a jade like quality, making the bones harder and more supple. This effect was permanent like black and white boar Gu or the crocodile strength Gu.


 Even more important thing was Jade bone Gu could be matched with ice muscle Gu to produce excellent effect.


 Bai Ning Bing already had ice muscle, if she also possessed jade bones, she would have ’ice muscles and jade bones’, the two effects would mutually complement each other producing a much better result.


 However, this jade bone Gu was a one time use expendable Gu. It also had a shortcoming; the gu master would suffer from extremely intense pain when using it. A lot of Gu Masters with weak willpower have died from the pain of using the jade bone Gu.


 "Do you want it? You can exchange it with meat-bone Gu." Fang Yuan smiled.


 Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and turned around without replying, increasing her efforts in knocking the teeth.


 But this action was purely relying on one’s luck. There were ten pairs of teeth in a mouth, and one needed to at least knock five teeth in correct order for the teeth to fall off.


 Bai Ning Bing hadn’t succeeded apart from his first try.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was even more miserable.


 However, after some time, Bai Hua and Bai Sheng again gave pleasant surprises.


 Bai Hua knocked down another set of teeth, providing Fang Yuan with an Iron bone Gu.


 And the mouth Bai Sheng knocked, gradually opened wide, changing into a new secret tunnel.


 Such luck of the brother and sister made Bai Ning Bing inwardly gasp in surprise.


 She didn’t know this pair of brother and sister was the true fated owner of this inheritance. Fate was a type of otherworldly, magical, mystical strength; especially in this world, there were some rare Gu worms that contained the fragments of the law of fate, giving some lucky Gu Masters a grasp of some powers of the fate.


 Since the new secret tunnel had appeared, Fang Yuan didn’t think of staying any longer.


 Bai clan Gu Masters could arrive at any time, and the remaining Gu worms were in the mouths which were locked firmly and were very difficult to destroy. They could only be left behind fo them.


 Fang Yuan again knocked Bai Sheng and Bai Hua unconscious, carrying them in each of his hands as he followed behind Bai Ning Bing into the giant mouth.


 The two came upon a hall as they walked through this secret tunnel.


 This was the widest bone hall they had come across.


 Just from the area alone, it was over 2 km2 . In the center of the hall was a bone pyramid; the peak was flattened into a platform with two flights of stairs leading to it.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other, there were nothing else other than this bone pyramid.


 After checking their surroundings and noticing no dangers, the two walked to the platform on the peak of the pyramid.


 There was a sculpture of a skull of a giant ferocious beast on the platform; it was taller than half a man and looked like a lion or a tiger, with tightly closed fangs.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Next chapter is really long and "exciting".



***
Chapter 226: Bone Flesh Unity


***





 Chapter 226: Bone Flesh Unity


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Looks like the sculpture of either a lion or a tiger skull, isn’t this the rumored mechanism which needs two people to cooperate?" A thought flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "There are words carved in this sculpture’s fangs." Bai Ning Bing made a new discovery, she then began to read the carvings in a low voice: " Gemini with one mind, three spirits unite. Fated or not, do not be forceful... what does this mean?"


 "This is the code to opening the mechanism in this place. Gemini means two people should work together to open the mechanism. Three souls indicate a person’s mind, palm and eye." Fang Yuan recalled from his memories.


 Among the four limbs of a human, palm was most nimble; among the five organs, the quickest was the eyes; and human’s mind could think as fast as a lightning spark.


 Hence, they were called three spirits.


 "Come, put your palm on the pupils of the sculpture."


 There was a translucent, pure red gem in the eyes of the skull sculpture. The red stone was as big as large porcelain bowls and it clearly reflected the figures of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 However, there was no change at all even after putting their palms on the red gem pupils for a long time.


 "Haha, your words make sense but it turned out to be wrong." Bai Ning Bing didn’t let go of any chance to snide at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned dark; Bai Hua had recounted and described about this mechanism according to his previous life’s memories. Logically, this should be the correct procedure, but why was there no change?


 "One-minded gemini, three souls united..." Fang Yuan muttered, "Three souls united has been achieved, but one mind, one mind..." A bright light slowly appeared in his eyes as he continued his thoughts.


 Is it saying the two people to open this mechanism must be of one mind and one heart?


 If it is so, even if he and Bai Ning Bing were working together, they were only forced by the situation and were actually divided in hearts, with each having their own plans. No wonder, they couldn’t achieve the ’one mind’!


 When he thought of this, Fang Yuan couldn’t help looking at Bai Sheng and Bai Hua again.


 As a result, this pair of brother and sister was again kicked awake by Fang Yuan.


 "Evil thieves, what do you want?!" Bai Sheng angrily shouted after having woken.


 Bai Hua, however, didn’t cry anymore, her two big eyes were closely gazing at Fang and Bai with deep hatred.


 Fang Yuan couldn’t be bothered to explain to them; he directly grabbed the palms of the two and placed them separately on the pair of red gem pupils.


 They were truly the inheritors decided by the fate, the moment these two’s small hands touched the red gem, it let out a bright light.


 Crack, crack...


 The skull slowly opened its mouth and revealed a large pile of coal stones and dry woods.


 In the center of the black coal stones was a simple looking pottery container and a scroll lied on it.


 "What is this?" Fang Yuan casually threw the twins onto the ground, then picked up and read the scroll before coming to an understanding.


 It turns out the owner of this inheritance, Gray Bone Scholar, didn’t have a high aptitude; thus he was distressed about his cultivation throughout his life.


 All his life, he put all his efforts into researching a type of Gu that could help a Gu Master to quickly cultivate.


 There were already plenty of cultivation assisting Gu worms; the most typical being the liquor worm. However, these Gu worms were mostly very rare and would be very difficult to popularize.


 Gray Bone Scholar’s aspiration was big, he wanted to research and refine an excellent Gu worm that could be widely used.


 However, even when his lifespan was at its end, even after countless failures, he wasn’t able to achieve success.


 At the final juncture of his life, maybe heaven took pity on him, when he was setting up the white bone mountain inheritance, he suddenly had an extremely ingenious enlightenment.


 What was the main method to quickly raise a Gu master’s cultivation without the help of the specific Gu worms?


 It was to let an elder impart his primeval essence..


 Previously at Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue Chi Cheng had received such help, receiving the refined primeval essence from his grandfather Gu Yue Chi Lian.


 However, this move had a big disadvantage.


 It was the mixture of different primeval essence, relying on an elder’s higher ranked primeval essence to wash and refine the aperture walls would leave behind his aura in the aperture, causing a Gu Master’s future development to be greatly restricted.


 Unless one used cleansing water Gu to cleanse the mixed aura.


 However, cleansing water Gu was also a rare Gu and ordinary Gu Masters would find it difficult to obtain it. Even elder level characters would have to rely on luck or pay a tremendous price.


 Thus, imparting method also couldn’t be widespread.


 Hence, Gray Bone Scholar thought of a wonderful concept.


 If there was a Gu which could refine other’s primeval essence into the Gu Master’s primeval essence, wouldn’t that mean there would be no mixed aura after imparting?


 He began making series of attempts and after removing most of the possibilities, he made a plan which had the highest probability of success.


 The name of this experiment was —"Bone Flesh Unity Gu".


 This was what was written in the scroll: To refine this Gu, two Gu Masters must work together. And these two Gu Masters must have blood relation; Parents and children or twins. Relying on the connection of the blood lineage could one transform the primeval essence.


 However, Gray Bone Scholar didn’t have enough time to put this concept into practice. After having made most of the preparations, he could only helplessly stop at the final juncture.


 Although he had two nicknames, he, however, was only one person. What he lacked were two Gu Masters who fulfilled the criterias.


 The final content on the scroll clearly revealed Gray Bone Scholar’s endless regret.


 He did not have enough time to redo the preparations, and could only leave behind this blueprint. If someone fated was to arrive to this point and could open the mechanism and see this scroll, that would mean the Gu Masters who met the conditions had appeared!


 "There is no harm in trying it, no matter what the result, please convey it to my gravestone." These words in the scroll contained a lifetime of obsession of Gray Bone Scholar.


 It turned out this pyramid Fang Yuan was stepping on was the tomb of Gray Bone Scholar.


 There was no need to try though, Fang Yuan already knew the idea of bone flesh unity Gu was a success. Because in his previous life, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua — relying on this dual cultivation — had become the twin stars of righteous path, pushing the might of Bai Clan towards the peak with their rank five cultivation.


 However, it was quite troublesome for Fang Yuan now.


 He had originally thought bone flesh unity Gu was a finished product. But in fact, it had still not been refined into existence yet and couldn’t even be considered half-finished.


 Moreover, he and Bai Ning Bing didn’t fulfill the conditions to refine this bone flesh unity Gu.


 Unless, Gu Yue Fang Zheng had been here.


 Even then, refining this bone flesh unity Gu might not end up good.


 According to the description on the scroll, bone flesh unity Gu was a series of Gu and didn’t refer to just one type of Gu. And the deeper the feelings between the two Gu Masters refining this Gu, the better the quality of the refined bone flesh unity Gu.


 Looking at the relation between Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng, the refined bone flesh unity Gu would absolutely not be perfect.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this bone flesh unity Gu had of course been refined by Bai Sheng and Bai Hua. However, the time was now many years in advance, although the two had deep feelings, but they were yet to become Gu Masters and thus couldn’t fulfil the criteria.


 Bone flesh unity Gu was the most important target of Fang Yuan in this inheritance. The materials and the forge were already well prepared by Gray Bone Scholar, the only thing lacking was the final step; refinement.


 Give up? Fang Yuan, of course, wasn’t willing to.


 Then again, to refine it, let’s not speak of the refinement conditions not being met, there was still a group of powerful experts chasing them.


 Time was pressing, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and decided to take the risk.


 He and Bai Ning Bing only met half the criteria, but Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, however, met the other half. Maybe there was a hope for success if the four worked together.


 "Come, help out." Fang Yuan began to ignite the dry woods in the skull sculpture.


 The fire instantly soared and burned furiously.


 "You plan to forcibly refine it?" Bai Ning Bing was shocked, "This can’t be a sensible option."


 Although she said so, she still made her move and put her palm on the red gem pupil, pouring her primeval essence into it.


 The blazing fire suddenly changed color, from orange to eerie blue.


 The pottery container was roasted by the fire; the several hibernating Gu worms woke up from the heat and began to crazily struggle. The pottery container shook constantly, but there was no damage to it.


 The refining steps wasn’t complicated, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing alternatively poured their primeval essence.


 Soon, they reached the final critical juncture.


 This step needed fresh flesh from the two Gu Masters, which would be thrown into the fire to be purified. The scroll clearly stated that the more flesh was thrown into the fire, the better the effects would be.


 "Fortunately, we have flesh-bone Gu; cutting off few pieces of flesh wouldn’t be any problem." Bai Ning Bing was just about to take action when she was stopped by Fang Yuan.


 "Slow down, I have a better idea."


 Bai Ning Bing followed Fang Yuan’s line of sight to Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, the twins.


 "You actually want to tamper with the modify at this juncture?" A disturbed gaze flashed in Bai Ning Bing’s eyes as she realized Fang Yuan’s intention.


 "You, what do you want?!" Bai Sheng protected his sister behind him, as all of a sudden, he felt a calamity looming over them, causing him to feel anxious and panicky.


 Being meat or fish on another’s chopping board , when Fang and Bai were refining the Gu worms, they knew they couldn’t run away, thus they had been obediently staying to the side, waiting for their clansmen to come to rescue.


 However now, Bai Sheng felt tremendous regret!


 "You should feel honored that your sacrifices will bring into existence an entirely new type of Gu worm. Even Senior Gray Bone would feel happy if he knew in the netherworld, right?" Fang Yuan gave an evil grin as he pressed on towards the pair of brother and sister.


 "Sister, run away!" Bai Sheng shouted before charging towards Fang Yuan and grasping his leg.


 "Big brother!" Tears spilled out from Bai Hua’s eyes, and just when she was hesitating, Fang Yuan had already knocked Bai Sheng unconscious.


 Seeing Fang Yuan coming closer to her, an enormous fear was spreading at the little girl’s heart.


 She turned around and ran, but how could she be faster than Fang Yuan?


 She was quickly caught by Fang Yuan, her heart sank down and she futilely struggled and wailed: "Mother, where are you?"


 Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent as he knocked her unconscious too.


 It was all done efficiently; he removed all the clothes from this pair of brother and sister, then carrying one on each hand, he threw them into the fire.


 The moment they were thrown into the fire, they immediately woke up due to the heat, severe pain attacked them as they tried to madly flee.


 The two jumped out from the fire with their limbs crazily moving about as they desperately struggled.


 Fang Yuan coldly snorted, before kicking them back into the fire.


 The scroll stated that it required fresh flesh, thus Fang Yuan didn’t want to kick them to death. As such, after he kicked them, they again ran out before he kicked them back in again.


 This continued over and over, until Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were finally burned to death.


 Their bodies resembled candles as they slowly melted; the fire turned from eerie blue to scarlet blood color.


 However, the fire transformation slowed down and didn’t change to reddish-purple.


 The scroll had stated, the color of the fire had to change into reddish-purple for this step to be considered a success.


 "What to do?" Bai Ning Bing’s brows were furrowed; the Gu Masters would also receive backlash if the Gu refinement failed.


 Fang Yuan’s mind worked at turbo speed: "Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were the fated inheritors, why did it fail? It seems because there was a discrepancy because they were not Gu Masters. If so, we need to try again!"


 Fang Yuan didn’t hesitate as he activated tusita flower to spit out a sharp blade.


 He stretched his forearm and slashed, blood started flowing rapidly and he threw his own flesh into the fire which was now blazing higher than a man’s height.


 "Your turn." After doing this, he threw the sharp blade to Bai Ning Bing.


 "You sure it will work?" Bai Ning Bing hesitated for a while before she similarly used the blade to slash at her forearm. However, because of her ice muscles, the blade seemed to be cutting into ice.


 With no other choice, Bai Ning Bing called out chainsaw golden centipede and sawed a piece of flesh.


 When her flesh landed into the fire, the fire immediately turned reddish-purple.


 "Good, success or failure depends on this! We need to pour our primeval essence together." Fang Yuan was overjoyed at this scene.


 The two poured their primeval essence into the red gem pupils at the same time; the mechanism started slowly closing up, like a bone beast swallowing the blazing flames.


 Two rows of fangs came together and the jaws closed securely; the flame continued burning from inside, roasting the skull into a shade of scarlet.


 Bang! The pottery container seemed to have exploded.


 The whole skull shook.


 Only after hearing this sound, Fang and Bai let go of their hands.


 Fang Yuan closely stared at the movement while extending his hand towards Bai Ning Bing.


 He didn’t say anything, but Bai Ning Bing already knew what Fang Yuan wanted.


 She snorted, but thinking about the situation, she had no choice other than to give the flesh-bone Gu to Fang Yuan.


 She didn’t have the ability to instantly refine Gu worms, but Fang Yuan could.


 Flesh-bone Gu didn’t resist even a bit under the aura of Spring Autumn cicada and was instantly refined.


 However, although Fang Yuan refined it, he couldn’t use it due to his low cultivation. Thus, he again handed it to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing received it and immediately activated it; an orange glow covered the wound on her forearm and almost instantly, skin and flesh grew out and her injury was completely healed!


 However, Bai Ning Bing’s rank three peak stage primeval essence was also instantly down by twenty percent!


 The disadvantage of flesh-bone Gu was it required instant consumption of a great amount of primeval essence. If it were Fang Yuan’s green copper primeval essence, he wouldn’t be able to activate it even if his primeval sea completely dried up.


 Following, Bai Ning Bing healed Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s face was pale, he didn’t have ice muscles to stop his bleeding in a short period, thus he had lost a lot of blood.


 The injuries on their forearms had healed, but the pain was still as intense as before and their hearts trembled from the pain, even feeling dizzy!


 But the two had iron willpower, despite such pain, their expressions didn’t change as they forcibly withstood the intense pain.


 In a flash, the skull slowly opened up; the fire had already disappeared.


 There were neither any traces of the pottery container nor the corpses of Bai Sheng and Bai Hua left.


 Two Gu worms appeared in Fang Yuan’s sight.


 One was green and another red, they were tied together like two jade bracelets, and quietly let out warm luster as they hovered in the air.


 "This is the bone flesh unity Gu?" Without taking the time to carefully investigate, Fang Yuan took it and instantly refined it, storing it into his aperture.


 "Let’s go!" He flew down the platform and rushed into the new secret tunnel that had appeared at the end of the hall.


 Only a short moment after, Bai Clan Gu Masters arrived at this hall.


 "Someone refined a Gu here!" The remaining aura in the air made the elders’ expressions change.


 "Look, there are clothes of the two young masters." Soon, they found children’s clothing that had been torn by Fang Yuan on the high platform.


 Seeing this, an intensely bad feeling struck Bai Clan Leader’s heart, almost causing her to blackout.


 She didn’t dare to even make the connection.


 "Chase them! They can’t have gone far, my children are definitely with them!" Bai Clan Leader shouted, her two eyes had become bloodshot.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 No dual-cultivation yet it seems...



***
Chapter 227: Footless bird, spread your wings and fly!


***





 Chapter 227: Footless bird, spread your wings and fly!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Sprinting!


 The secret tunnel seemed to continue on forever. But any long journey eventually came to an end.


 After the first glimmer of light, Fang and Bai’s vision gradually expanded.


 "The exit!" Bai Ning Bing shouted.


 " According to the info from my previous life, this secret tunnel should lead to a cliff on Bai Gu mountain ." Fang Yuan did not speak, his thoughts rumbled in his mind.


 He should thank the two dead siblings, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua. Their information attracted Fang Yuan here. And because of their sacrifice, Fang Yuan managed to obtain the coveted flesh bone unity Gu.


 Suddenly, footsteps could be heard from behind.


 "We’ve finally caught up!"


 "We found those two bastards!"


 "Where are you going!"


 Bai clan Gu Masters rushed up imposingly, seething with killing intent.


 Bai clan leader was ahead of them all, with the elders behind her. The narrow tunnel turned the Bai clan group into a long queue.


 Blitz Gu.


 Suddenly, a clan elder accelerated, his body moving like a cannon, catching up to Fang Yuan.


 "Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, swinging her hand behind her.


 Blood moon Gu.


 With a crisp sound, a blood blade flew out, hitting the elder and slowing his movement.


 But immediately, all kinds of lights exploded in the tunnel as large numbers of attacks came towards Fang and Bai.


 "Bai Ning Bing, take this!" Fang Yuan shouted, lending the canopy Gu to her again.


 Bai Ning Bing activated the canopy Gu, iron spike thorns Gu, as well as the defense of the ice muscles, all three together to resist the attacks.


 "Bai clan, don’t you want to know the location of your two young masters?" Fang Yuan shouted loudly.


 As the Bai clan Gu Masters remembered Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were in Fang and Bai’s hands, they stopped their attacks.


 "Speak, what did you do to our clan’s young masters!"


 "If anything happens to them, you will pay dearly!!"


 "Return my children!!" Bai clan leader flew into a rage, she pointed forward with her finger and a cold light shot out.


 Frost fish Gu!


 This Gu was only the size of a dart and looked like a fish. It drew an arc in the air as it shot forward, homing down towards Fang and Bai.


 Fang Yuan snorted, he didn’t dodge and just let the frost fish Gu hit him.


 Suddenly cold air enveloped his body, and his speed drastically fell.


 Stealth scales Gu.


 With a thought, there were ripples undulating around his body and making him invisible.


 "Don’t think so!" A clan elder suddenly stretched out his right hand and grabbed towards Fang Yuan.


 Swoosh.


 With a soft sound, the stealth scales Gu that was hiding in Fang Yuan’s aperture suddenly broke into pieces and perished.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, activating the jumping grass immediately.


 There was a numbing sensation on his feet as green grass that looked like springs grew out of his flesh and skin.


 Fang Yuan used the elasticity of the green grass, and jumped forward, his speed increasing drastically.


 "I’ll take my leave first, remember to jump!" He left behind this weird sentence.


 "What?" Bai Ning Bing was confused, but then heard the wind blowing behind her.


 Her heart jumped when she turned around to look.


 It was the Bai clan leader, her eyes dyed red, looking like an agitated lioness. Her furious aura made even Bai Ning Bing’s heart shudder.


 After all, she was a rank 4 Gu Master.


 Bang!


 Bai clan leader punched directly, the huge force shattered the canopy Gu’s white armor immediately.


 Bai Ning Bing threw up a mouthful of blood, as she summoned the chainsaw golden centipede.


 The chainsaw golden centipede turned into a golden light and coiled around the Bai clan leader.


 Using this opportunity, Bai Ning Bing sprinted and arrived at the exit.


 It was a cliff!


 At this moment, Bai Ning Bing suddenly understood what Fang Yuan meant — he wanted her to jump off a cliff!


 "You cannot escape!" Bai clan leader shouted from behind, as for the chainsaw golden centipede, it had been torn to pieces using brute strength.


 Bai Ning Bing was struggling.


 At this height, it was a guaranteed death if she jumped down. But in this circumstance, she had no other choice.


 She gritted her teeth and jumped.


 "She really jumped!"


 "She’s dead meat!"


 Some Bai clan Gu Masters exclaimed, stopping before the cliff.


 Bai clan leader looked down and saw Bai Ning Bing rapidly falling down. Her veins popped on her forehead as she growled: "I want to see them if they are alive, and their corpses if they are dead. I will definitely catch them!"


 Wind roared in Bai Ning Bing’s ears as she continued to fall.


 She had never thought there would be a day where she would be forced to jump off a cliff.


 "I’m going to die like this? Although this is exhilarating, I am not satisfied..." As death approached, Bai Ning Bing’s heart was in turmoil.


 "I have not obtained the Yang Gu, what a tragedy to die as a female. But once I reach the ground, I will definitely be a pile of smashed meat and no one will be able to tell my gender anyway."


 Bai Ning Bing was not sure why she was having such a strange thought right before death.


 At this time, the turbulence around her increased, as she heard a voice: "Bai Ning Bing!"


 Bai Ning Bing turned around, how could it be anyone else but Fang Yuan?


 At this time, Fang Yuan was descending as well, but he was stepping on a white bone bird below his feet.


 Footless bird!


 This bird had no flesh or blood, its body made of bones. It had an eagle’s head, crane’s body, swallow’s tail and two pairs of wings, but no legs.


 Fang Yuan’s body was covered in blood and filth, it was evident that he had sustained many injuries back in the secret tunnel earlier.


 "Grab my hand." He squatted on the bird’s back, reaching out his hand.


 Clap !


 With a clap, two hands grasped each other tightly.


 Fang Yuan exerted more strength and pulled Bai Ning Bing onto the back of the bird.


 However, at this time, there was a rock less than 300 metres below them, as the footless bird descended towards the rock like a shooting star.


 "Careful, we’re gonna crash!" Bai Ning Bing shouted, her heart almost jumping out of her body.


 The mountain rock increased in size rapidly in her vision.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, shouting ferociously: "How can my demonic path falter in this tiny little Bai Gu mountain, RISE FOR ME!"


 RISE, RISE, RISE!


 His shout echoed in the valley.


 Under his manipulation, the footless bird flapped its wings furiously, using all its strength to slow the descent. Cracks started appearing on its four bone wings.


 Fang Yuan’s primeval essence in his aperture reduced rapidly, but with the heavenly essence treasure lotus sending out large amounts of primeval essence, Fang Yuan’s primeval sea rose and lowered continuously.


 A group of bone beasts relaxing near the mountain rocks felt the commotion and raised their heads before immediately sprinting in a run.


 A grey back ostrich was so scared it dug its sharp head into the white bone mountain rocks, raising its butt high in the sky.


 Ostriches were like this, when they were scared, they liked to feel false assurance.


 Moments away from crashing!


 Bai Ning Bing forgot to breathe and Fang Yuan looked on with furious eyes.


 Under the intense wind pressure, the white bone trees on this mountain rock collapsed. But eventually, the footless bird flew past the ostrich’s butt, soaring into the sky at a steep angle.


 The ostrich’s butt wing was shaved till nothing was left, revealing its round empty butt.


 "Hahaha." Bai Ning Bing started laughing wildly on the bird’s back.


 Having barely survived and relieving the pressure of death, she felt her heart gradually sinking back into place.


 Exciting, truly exciting, the excitement of life and death was always the most breathtaking. Wasn’t such life what she desired and pursued?


 "Footless bird, fly to the blue sky." She was almost on the verge on singing in excitement.


 "Clan leader! They’re alive!" At the cliff, Bai clan’s Gu Masters said with dark expressions.


 "We can’t catch up, that is the footless bird, able to fly ten thousand miles in a day." Tie Dao Ku sighed helplessly.


 Flying Gu worms were rare, and those who could match the footless bird’s speed were little to none. Under rank five, the footless bird was the number one flying steed.


 "Alas, the heavens are blind! How can such evildoers be allowed to live!" Some elderly shouted in anger, pounding on their chests.


 Bai clan leader’s eyes were bloodshot, she gritted her teeth while clenching her fists so tightly that her bones seemed about to burst out.


 Hearing Bai Ning Bing’s laughter, she even had the urge the jump down the cliff to pursue them!


 It was not that Bai clan did not have a flying Gu, some Gu Masters had already displayed their abilities, chasing after Fang and Bai. But looking at their speed, even an idiot would know that it would be impossible for them to catch up to these two.


 An intense bitterness filled the Bai clan Gu Master’s hearts.


 They could only watch helplessly even when the criminal was fleeing before their very eyes.


 "No! We definitely cannot let them escape! We cannot!!" A Gu Master shouted in fury, his body suddenly started burning with intense flames.


 "Bai Zhan Wen." Bai clan leader’s expression changed.


 "Lord clan elder!" Everyone was stunned.


 "Grandpa!" Bai Zhan Lie was full of tears.


 "Clan leader, everyone! We cannot let these two scoundrels escape, or where will our Bai clan’s dignity lie? The revenge for our two young masters is of utmost importance! After I am gone, please take care of my grandson, this lad’s temperament is as tough as mine..." He started losing his voice at the end.


 His entire flesh, skin and bones turned into fire, and his voice naturally disappeared along with them.


 Even his pupils transformed into a dark purple color.


 He had turned into a human shaped fire!


 Fire burned and raised the surrounding temperature, and everyone started retreating back while a sad song seemed to sound in the mountain.


 Human Torch Gu.


 A rank 4 Gu, which once used, immolated the entire body, turning it into fire until his lifeforce was depleted. This Bai Zhan Wen elder chose to sacrifice his life to gain this immense power.


 "Good, our clan shall stand here and witness elder’s contribution!" Bai clan leader was moved.


 But Bai Zhan Wen could no longer hear them.


 As his life burnt, he felt an unprecedented power flowing in his body, completely free and unbound.


 The purple black pupil gazed at the surrounding people and looked at his grandson one last time, before flying into the sky.


 The human torch rapidly approached the footless bird.


 "Good!" Everyone shouted in excitement.


 Bai clan leader’s steel-like cold expression showed some agitation too.


 "A strong foe!" Bai Ning Bing’s expression was grim.


 She lacked experience in aerial combat, she might fall and be smashed to bits if she was careless.


 Howl!


 The human torch growled, intense killing intent flickering in his dark purple pupils.


 Sparks flashed as the human torch’s speed increased again, pouncing towards Fang Yuan like lightning.


 "Hold on tight!" Fang Yuan was concentrating the entire time in maneuvering the footless bird.


 Footless bird raised its speed and pulled away, causing the human torch to pounce on empty air.


 Waves of sighing and pity could be heard from the cliff.


 But quickly, the human torch pounced up again.


 Footless bird swerved again and narrowly dodged, Bai Ning Bing was almost thrown off and quickly grabbed into a bone that was jutting out.


 Howl!


 The human torch came attacking again.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, the footless bird suddenly contracted its wings, dropping to the ground.


 The human torch followed closely, its speed surpassed the footless bird and was getting closer.


 Footless bird suddenly spread its four wings, stopping its downfall and flying in the reverse direction.


 BOOM!


 The human torch’s flying was completely dependant on the propulsion of the flames, he had no wings to help him quickly change his direction, and came crashing down onto the mountain rocks.


 At once, over 6 kilometre square of land burst into flames, killing all bone beasts and large numbers of bone trees in its range.


 In the sea of fire, a lump of fire gathered into a human shape again, flying away, and chasing Fang and Bai relentlessly.


 However, the use of Gu worms also depended on their users.


 In Gu Master’s cultivation aspects of nurture, use and refine, "use" was one. Not anyone could simply take out a Gu and display its full ability. The methods and techniques involved were very profound.


 Human Torch Gu was a suicidal technique and naturally it would be Bai Zhan Lie’s first time using it. But Fang Yuan, although this was his first time riding the footless bird in this life, he had used an uncountable number of flying Gu worms in his previous life, his experience was many times of Bai Zhan Lie, almost to the point of being an instinct ingrained upon his soul.


 At the cliff, Bai clan members were observing the battle situation.


 Their expressions slowly changed from hopeful and anticipation, to anger.


 Anyone could tell now that the footless bird was playing around with elder Bai Zhan Wen.


 The human torch’s growling which originally sounded so awe inspiring and full of authority, now sounded like he was helplessly venting in a sorrowful state.


 "Damn it..." Someone clenched his fist in frustration.


 "How can this happen?" Tie Dao Ku was also stunned by Fang Yuan’s skill, sighing as he knew there was nothing he could do anymore.


 "Fang Zheng, I want you to die!" Bai Zhan Lie shouted, the seed of hatred sowing deep in his heart.


 Elder Bai Zhan Wen’s sacrifice was becoming a joke, being toyed around by Fang Yuan, it was an ironic slap across Bai clan’s face.


 Gradually, everyone’s anger turned into disappointment and despair.


 "We can’t catch them anymore."


 "Can we do nothing other than to look at this?"


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng..." Many people spoke this name, gritting their teeth.


 Footless bird flew casually in the air, dodging the human torch yet again and again.


 "Young man, your bird maneuvering techniques are superb, hahaha!" Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily, letting her guard down.


 Fang Yuan’s expression froze: "Careful!"


 BOOM!


 An intense explosion occurred, Bai Zhan Wen knew he could not catch up to Fang and Bai, thus he chose to self-detonate.


 The explosion and flames engulfed the footless bird.


 Thankfully, the footless bird was made of white bones, even its wings were like pieces of thin bone pieces.


 The fire didn’t cause much damage, the true danger was the impact caused by the explosion.


 Footless bird’s body was full of cracks, and it lost its balance, plummeting to the ground.


 After descending for a distance, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, it regained its balance, and flew far away.


 "Fang Yuan!" Bai Ning Bing screamed.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan lent her the canopy Gu, she had the Gu worm to protect her, but Fang Yuan did not.


 When the explosion occurred, Fang Yuan had no time to activate a defensive Gu.


 When the footless bird rushed out of the flame, Fang Yuan’s body was burning in the fire.


 The intense winds caused the fire to burn even more greatly, even the earth hearing ear grass in his right ear was burnt. But his expression was cold like steel, like he was not suffering any injuries at all.


 After footless bird regained its stability, Fang Yuan took out tusita flower and poured the milk spring over his head.


 The fire was extinguished, but his skin was mostly burnt and his face disfigured; he looked extremely tragic.


 Bai Ning Bing tried to speak, but could not say anything.


 Fang Yuan, however, smirked and laughed: "I like the footless bird, do you know why?"


 He smiled, but the sight was horrifying.


 "Why?"


 "Because it has no legs, only wings, thus it has no choice but to fly. When it lands, that signifies its destruction."


 Betting it all in one chance, fly or die!


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils dilated, shining with brilliance. The winds blew on her face, causing her silver hair to flutter, Bai Ning Bing’s lips also curled up: "Hehehe, then let us fly up into the sky."


 Footless bird flew into the sky, becoming a dot in the horizon before eventually vanishing.


 On the cliff, Bai clan members watched until their eyes seemed to penetrate the sky, but none spoke.


 An eerie silence engulfed everyone.


 The world was so vast!


 The eerie blue sky, the snow-like white Bai Gu mountain, the sunlight shining down, footless bird, Fang and Bai’s silhouettes; this scene was deeply engraved into everyone’s hearts.


 Fury grew in their hearts, as hatred germinated in their hearts.


 Puff.


 Bai clan leader vomited a mouthful of fresh blood, and fell down on her back, fainting.


 "Clan leader!"


 "Lord clan leader!"


 "Quick, healing Gu Masters, save the clan leader!"


 Panic ensued on the cliff.


 (Author’s note: What is demonic path? A kind of path, that has its own ideology and beliefs. Towards what a demonic path is, everyone has their unique understanding towards it, but to me, the footless bird embodied a kind of demonic spirit. Demonic path is cruel, not only to others, but more towards oneself. Thus, it is not well liked by the masses.)


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Another long chapter. Where’s that promised dual-cultivation?



***
Chapter 228: Dark Leopard dies for love


***





 Chapter 228: Dark Leopard dies for love


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The setting sun was dyed like blood as the clouds on the west resembled burning flames.


 Under the setting sun, the footless bird started slowly dropping down after having flown for the majority of the day.


 It had made a series of extreme diving and rising actions, while suffering from the explosion of the human torch; its body was filled with cracks and could no longer continue to fly.


 Bam!


 Under Fang Yuan’s meticulous control, the footless bird finally fell into a forest.


 Smoke and dust flew everywhere and groups of beast escaped in a panic.


 "Where is this?" Bai Ning Bing jumped off from the bird and surveyed her surroundings.


 The trees were short and thick, but had a lot of lush leaves, unlike the sparse amount in the bone trees of Bai Gu mountain. The trees in this forest were like a canopy blocking the sunlight; and the leaves were all purple - light purple, dark purple, reddish purple, violet...


 The evening wind blew over, if one looked into the distance, all they would see was a sea of purple.


 "A purple forest... we have been moving north all along and according to our course, this should be near Zi You mountain." Fang Yuan guessed.


 His countenance was covered with worry: "Zi You mountain is safe in daytime, but is extremely dangerous in night. It is getting dark, we need to quickly leave and find a safe place to stay."


 "Okay." Bai Ning Bing nodded.


 After over two hours, they found a cave luckily.


 The cave’s original owner had been a Pouched Bear.


 This species of bear possessed a natural marsupial pouch on their stomach, just like kangaroo.


 Dry wood burnt with crackling sounds, the bonfire quietly blazed; the meat stew in the iron pot over the rack was already boiling, giving off a dense aroma.


 The fat, tender bear paws were already roasted. Besides these, there were also many delicacies, from Bai clan, stored in tusita flower.


 The two quickly began devouring the food, and their strained mood began to relax.


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly laughed, her dark blue eyes looking at Fang Yuan: "Look, this is retribution. You burned that pair of brother and sister to death, and now, you yourself are burned to this state."


 The light of the fire shone upon Fang Yuan’s face, the severe wounds on his face made him look horrifying and ugly. If a timid girl saw his appearance, they would probably scream in fear right then and there.


 Fang Yuan, however, laughed, not minding the comment, he was even inwardly happy.


 "Fortunately, we have meat bone Gu, it won’t be difficult to recover your original appearance. You just need to cut off the burned skin and flesh, then we can use the meat bone Gu to grow them anew. But, you are only a rank one and can’t use the meat bone Gu. Come, beg me, maybe my kind and magnanimous heart will feel pity for you, and heal you." Bai Ning Bing wouldn’t let go of any chance to snide at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan made a motion of raising his eyebrows, despite his eyebrows already being burnt off.


 "Why would I want to heal it? Isn’t this situation quite good?" He laughed, "We killed off the two young masters of Bai clan and also played the Bai Clan leader and the elder, do you think they will let us go? This injury saves me the effort to change my appearance."


 Earth hearing ear grass was destroyed; Fang Yuan’s right ear was shattered. The injuries to cartilage in his ear wasn’t something the meat bone Gu could heal. But even if he could heal it, he would rather have one ear less to change his appearance.


 In past, there was a demonic figure, Bai Shan Zi, who was captured and put into a prison. He feigned becoming mad; smearing his own stool onto his body, even cutting off his fifth limb and became a eunuch. His enemies finally believed he had gone crazy and thus loosened their vigilance, giving him a chance to flee. Later on, he returned to take revenge and massacred the whole family of his enemies, including the old and the young.


 There was a great figure of the righteous path, Empress Wu Ji. When she was young, her own elder sister had seized her rights to the throne; she could only hide this grievance inside her. Her elder sister was jealous of her beauty and thus, to avoid letting her make things difficult, Empress Wu Ji cut off the bridge of her nose, disfiguring herself, but gained the space to survive and grow. After over ten years, she overthrew her elder sister’s regime and reestablished her authority. She then ordered her elder sister’s five sensory organs to be cut off, making her live in a state where she couldn’t choose to live or die.


 Throughout the history, all the great figures were good at biding their time and not being attached to fleshly appearance.


 No matter if it were the righteous path or the demonic, regardless of men or women, they were all like this.


 After Empress Wu Ji took the control, she didn’t heal her nose even though she had the healing means, keeping this as a warning to herself. The Wu clan became the top clan of the Southern Border, suppressing Tie clan, Shang Clan, Fei Clan; its dominance couldn’t be challenged!


 Those who indulged in fleshly appearance were mostly superficial and it would be difficult for them to succeed.


 Regardless of whether it was this world or Earth, both attested to this point.


 King You of Zhou, just for a smile from his beloved concubine Bao Si, lighted the warning beacons to trick the vassal states; what was the outcome? People lost their trust in him and he was killed by the barbarians.


 Lü Bu for Diaochan; King Wu for Xishi; Xiang Yu the conqueror took Consort Yu when he went on military campaigns; hahaha, what was the outcome of these people?


 By contrast, Cao Cao was short; Sun Bin was handicapped; Sima Qian was castrated...


 Everyone loves beauty. However, achievements were not in the least relevant to fleshly beauty, only a temperament which could firmly let go was the foundation to a great success.


 "Actually, it is you who is too dazzling, with your blue eyes and silver hair, you should change it." Fang Yuan said as he looked all over Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and didn’t reply.


 Fang Yuan continued: "The footless bird was damaged, but we have only flown over few thousands of miles. Although we are quite far away from Bai clan, they will definitely come to capture us for the things we have done. We are in a dangerous situation, if they spread wanted posters, our days will become even more difficult."


 Bai Ning Bing considered the idea with a frown, before agreeing: "Alright, I am also tired of this outfit, changing into a new appearance might be a brilliant experience."


 Next, the two started to calculate their losses and gains.


 There were losses; earth hearing ear grass, chainsaw golden centipede, carapace Gu, iron thistles, stealth scales Gu, footless bird, were all destroyed in the pursuit.


 However, to Fang Yuan, being alive was the most important.


 Only by being alive could there be possibilities and hope.


 This was the foundation to everything.


 To continue living, even if he had to give up Spring Autumn Cicada, so what?


 In a word, being able to let go was the character of a great man!


 As for gains?


 There were large numbers of bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu in Fang Yuan’s aperture. They had also obtained rank three flying bone shield, jade bone Gu, iron bone Gu, the healing type meat bone Gu and several bone books recording all kinds of recipes.


 Besides these, they had also gained clearing heat Gu from the Bai clan.


 Of course, the most significant was still the bone flesh unity Gu which they had successfully refined at such a dangerous moment.


 Compared to the gains, their losses weren’t that serious!


 This was a complete inheritance, after all. The flower wine monk might be a rank five expert, a cut above the rank four Grey Bone Scholar, but Fang Yuan’s gains from the flower wine inheritance loses out to this Bai Gu inheritance.


 The reason was Bai Gu inheritance had been carefully planned out for a long time by Grey Bone Scholar, whereas flower wine inheritance was completed in haste and hurry.


 In fact, Fang Yuan only walked through the main path of the Bai Gu inheritance, there were many other side branches, and moreover, there were many steel teeth locks that weren’t knocked open in the Flesh Sac Secret Chamber. These things would all serve the Bai clan.


 They controlled this place, and so long as they spent some time and energy, they could definitely devour the whole inheritance.


 "But it doesn’t matter, I have taken all the Gu worms in my list. As long as this bone flesh unity Gu displays its effects, it will far surpass the others. It is just that the earth hearing ear grass has been destroyed which is a bit troublesome."


 Fang Yuan’s philosophy was only those things that are practical can be valuable.


 They had lost the chainsaw golden centipede, but the spiral bone spear Gu could qualify to replace it. Iron thistles and carapace Gu were gone, but they still had canopy gu and flying bone shield. However, with the loss of earth hearing ear grass, they now had a hole in the investigative aspect.


 They had lacked in the healing and movement aspects before, but now these two aspects were more or less filled, whereas a gap appeared in the investigative aspect.


 In life, things often do not go your way.


 The night time in the Zi You mountain was much livelier than daytime. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing took turns to keep watch; both didn’t get proper sleep.


 Occasionally, roars and sounds of battles of the wild beasts came from outside the cave.


 Especially at the crack of dawn, an intense battle occurred near the cave, waking up the soundly sleeping Fang Yuan.


 This was a fight between two thousand beasts kings!


 Two winged black feather python had provoked a dark leopard.


 The two exchanged killing moves back and forth, their movements were very noisy, and their momentum, astonishing.


 Dark leopard was a ferocious beast specific to the Zi You mountain. They had purple spots on their skin, their bodies were powerful and they were extremely fast; they would often leave behind ethereal afterimages when they moved through the forest. Their movements were quiet and their prey usually ended up in their stomachs without even being able to react.


 Fang and Bai were on the edge, they could even say they were trapped in the cave, unable to escape.


 As time passed, the dark leopard gradually became outmatched, getting into a corner.


 This was a pregnant female leopard.


 Dark leopard always came in male and female pairs. The female leopard had been pregnant, and the male leopard had gone out to hunt. Who would have thought the black feathered python would attack during this gap.


 In the end, the female leopard died by black feathered python’s constriction.


 However, before the black feathered python could escape, the returning male leopard saw it, then after another life and death battle, the male leopard killed the killer, but it was welcomed by the female leopard’s cold corpse.


 Dawn came.


 The first rays of light shone upon the dark leopard’s beautiful fur.


 However, the female leopard was no more.


 The male leopard paced back and forth around the female leopard’s side and let out a mournful whimper. They were so near, yet so far, separated by life and death.


 "Why is it not leaving?" Bai Ning Bing grumbled.


 "Relax, the male and the female dark leopards are of one heart, if one dies, the other will not continue to live alone." Fang Yuan sighed, "I will go back to sleep."


 He returned to the depths of the cave to sleep again while Bai Ning Bing remained behind at the cave entrance to keep watch.


 The male leopard paced back and forth before lying down; it stuck out its tongue and started licking the female leopard’s wounds.


 The wounds on the female leopard had turned pitch black due to the black feather python’s poison.


 The male leopard lived all its life here, it could distinguish this poison with only a sniff. However, it no longer cared now.


 In the end, its resplendent eyes started dimming and slowly closed.


 By the time it was noon, it had passed away. It was quietly lying together with the female leopard, their beautiful fur made them look like delicate artworks.


 Having personally seen this whole course of events, Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help letting out a deep sigh.


 Not long after, Fang Yuan woke up and walked out full of vigor, he saw Bai Ning Bing resting against the cave wall, staring blankly at the corpses of the two dark leopards.


 "How is the harvest?" Fang Yuan asked.


 Bai Ning Bing shrugged and spoke with a waning interest: "The Gu worms that could fly have all flown away, I don’t have any means to capture Gu. Besides, didn’t you also see last night’s battle? Those Gu worms died or are injured, the remaining aren’t something we need. Haha, if it were not for that, why would someone like you go back to sleep?"


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Although they are two thousand beasts kings, the Gu worms on them aren’t anything great. But that doesn’t necessarily mean there are no harvests, hehe."


 Saying so, Fang Yuan walked towards the dark leopards’ corpses.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter



***
Chapter 229: Resting and recovering at the hamlet


***





 Chapter 229: Resting and recovering at the hamlet


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help but become curious when she saw Fang Yuan walking towards the dark leopard’s corpses.


 She saw him squatting down and feeling around the ears of the dark leopards.


 After a while, Fang Yuan took out two exquisite purple leaves from the male leopard’s left ear and the female leopard’s right ear.


 This was Breath Concealment Gu.


 Rank three grass Gu; Gu Masters could use it to conceal their aura and cultivation level. To some degree, it was a camouflage ability.


 Almost all the dark leopards had a Breath Concealment Gu in the ears. However, the dark leopards moved in pairs and were at least of thousand beasts king level. They were experts in sneak attacks, and were extremely agile; capturing them was a very troublesome and dangerous endeavor.


 Moreover, the dark leopards were specific to Zi You mountain. Thus, the knowledge of there being Breath Concealment Gu in dark leopard’s ears wasn’t widely known yet.


 In Fang Yuan’s hundred and fiftieth year in his previous life, there emerged a righteous path figure nicknamed ’Hunting King’, Sun Gan. He was the first to wantonly hunt the dark leopards for their Breath Concealment Gu, and made a fortune by selling them to the market.


 After him, countless Gu Masters rushed to Zi You mountain to make a fortune. Like this, in only few years, the dark leopards were all annihilated.


 Right now however, the Zi You mountain was still a secluded area.


 In this place, daytime was safe whereas the night time was extremely dangerous. There were no clans here, but there was an embryonic form of a clan — a hamlet.


 Fang Yuan didn’t have the earth hearing ear grass to scout, but fortunately they obtained two Breath Concealment Gu.


 Fang and Bai relied on this Gu to avoid many dangers.


 They were not going to go up the Zi You mountain; their current strength was enough to move across the ordinary forests, but not enough to go deep into the famous mountains and great rivers. Even Bai Clan would have to pay a great price to explore these areas, let alone the current Fang and Bai.


 They went around the Zi You mountain and moved forward, and after two days, they discovered a mountain path.


 It was a man-made path, and was much safer than the forests. Of course, if one’s luck was bad, they might come across dangerous situations.


 Fang and Bai moved along the mountain path, until one evening, they saw a thin curl of smoke.


 The two glanced at each other before hastening their steps. They saw a hamlet lying in a mountain basin.


 The hamlet was surrounded by short stone walls, with guards standing on several points. It was evening now and the farmers were returning in groups, walking to the hamlet with hoes and other farm tools on them.


 However, these were all mortals and were nothing to worry about.


 "Let’s go." Fang Yuan walked towards the hamlet.


 "Just like this?" Bai Ning Bing was somewhat surprised.


 Their appearance quickly attracted the curiosity and suspicious glances of the villagers.


 Most of the villages in this world weren’t too welcoming to foreigners. The clan villagers were even more so; they would set up tight defense around the whole village, for fear that spies and robbers would infiltrate the village.


 "May I ask the two distinguished guests if you are respected lord Gu Masters?" Before Fang and Bai even reached the entrance, two guards who looked alike approached them.


 Bai Ning Bing didn’t speak, according to their original agreement, Fang Yuan would take charge of all the communications.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "Hello brothers, we are both mortals."


 The two guards seemed to heave a sigh of relief when they heard this, their faces clearly loosening up.


 The younger juvenile guard disdainfully sized up Fang Yuan’s body, before speaking with some disgust: "I’ll say, how could such a ugly person possibly be one of those lord Gu Masters who possess divine powers?"


 Fang Yuan’s whole body was burned and he had one ear less; such an ugly appearance birthed revulsion in people.


 Bai Ning Bing also changed her normal attire, she cut off her long silver hair short and also dyed it black. Her body that was white as snow due to ice muscles, was now blackened. Only the color of her eyes couldn’t be covered, thus she wore a straw hat and covered half her face.


 As the two stood together, they remarkably looked like mortal villagers.


 "Little brother, watch what you say." The senior guard reprimanded the junior guard, then vigilantly looked at Fang and Bai, "Where are you from and what are you doing here?"


 "We are from a hamlet across the mountain. We were taking a handcart filled with herbs and salted meat, thinking to sell them, but sigh, we bumped into a tiger on our way. Whoa, that really scared me to death. We ran crazily all the way and only then could we save ourselves. Sigh... we don’t dare to go back for the moment, so we came to your hamlet and hope to spend the night here. We will immediately leave tomorrow." Fang Yuan spoke off the top of his head.


 The vigilance in the guard’s gaze lessened.


 Fang Yuan said: "Brother, no need to scold your little brother. I got this injuries from a fire; that day, our house was on fire, and while trying to salvage the rice, I was burned to this state."


 "Sigh, everyone is suffering nowadays." The senior guard heaved a sigh, "You can enter the hamlet, and if you don’t find anyone willing to offer you shelter, you need to make do by spending the night in the corner of the walls."


 After finishing saying the instructions, the guards opened the way.


 After Fang and Bai entered the hamlet, the senior guard instructed his brother: "Go tell the village head, that two outsiders are here, he as an elder has rich experience, ask him to keep a lookout."


 "Brother, you are too cautious. How could these two be Gu Masters? Besides, why would Gu Masters try to deceive us mortals? To have fun?"


 "If I tell you to go, then just go!"


 "Making me run errands again..." The young guard grumbled but still left in the end.


 The scene inside the hamlet was peaceful.


 The air was filled with the aroma of food. After a day of hard work, families gathered around the dinner table and talked happily.


 Bai Ning Bing involuntarily felt relaxed in such an environment.


 The reason for her disguise was because they didn’t want to leave behind any traces which could make it convenient for the Bai Clan to track them. Another reason was because of Fang Yuan’s cautious nature; by hiding themselves in an unfamiliar environment, they could react to any abnormalities.


 It was easy to find a house to take shelter in, just give the villagers a primeval stone fragment and they would be more than happy to vacate a house.


 However, doing this would not be in accordance with their current identities.


 Fang Yuan had a better method.


 He walked around the hamlet, before stopping in front of a worn out house.


 There was only an elderly woman in this household. She had a grandson but he was killed by a wolf when out playing.


 The old lady was drawing water from a well in front of her house; the action seemed to take a lot out of her.


 "Auntie, let me help you." Fang Yuan put on a silly grin and eagerly ran towards the old lady.


 The old lady was shocked when she saw Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 However, Fang Yuan acted passionately with a silly grin on his face, and after quickly pulling up several buckets of water, the old lady’s vigilance disappeared.


 "Young man, you are an outsider?" The old lady smiled open her mouth which had a few missing teeth.


 "Yes, we were hoping to stay over for the night in your house. Auntie, I can do your work, may we?" Fang Yuan foolishly said.


 "Okay." The old lady happily agreed. Although the villagers would help each other financially in normal times, she still needed labor force like this.


 Bai Ning Bing watched this scene speechlessly.


 This Fang Yuan could really act!


 After fetching the water, it was chopping the firewoods. Fang Yuan also cooked the meal, the old lady repeatedly praised him for his swift and skilled movements.


 "Auntie, let me help you fetch some more water. We will talk after I fill the water vat." After the dinner, Fang Yuan again went to fetch water on his own accord.


 The old lady kept on saying no need, but Fang Yuan insisted on doing so.


 After the water vat was filled, the old lady talked with tears in her eyes: "Young man, you are really... Sigh, such a bitter life like this old lady..."


 Evidently, Fang Yuan had fabricated a miserable tale during the dinner, which left a deep impression on the simple old lady.


 Lanterns were a luxury to ordinary people, thus the house was dark in the night.


 The only light came through the window from the moon..


 The house had two simple and crude beds. Bai Ning Bing was lying on the floor but was very satisfied. The exhaustion accumulated from days of walking was now slowly dissipating.


 Fang Yuan laid cross legged on the bed, his mind was in his aperture, observing the bone flesh unity Gu.


 He had not used this pair of Gu even once since he got it.


 After all, he had refined it after tempering the recipe. And with Fang Yuan’s cautious nature, he naturally needed to properly study it before using it.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, a bright light flashed past them.


 "There isn’t any problem, bone flesh unity Gu can be used." After saying so, he summoned the pair of jade bracelet shaped Gu.


 This two jade bracelets; one was green as grass whereas the other was red as blood. They were both tied together and couldn’t be separated.


 Fang Yuan had already refined them before. However, to bring out their magical effects, he needed to give up one of them and let Bai Ning Bing refine it.


 Bai Ning Bing was sitting in a cross-legged position as she received the Gu, but he wasn’t in a hurry to refine it and instead looked at Fang Yuan: "What do you plan on doing next?"


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "And here I was thinking you wouldn’t ask."


 Despite it being dark, Bai Ning Bing could sense Fang Yuan smiling at this moment.


 She just snorted and didn’t speak.


 Fang Yuan didn’t plan to conceal his plans from her: "Our next destination is Shang Liang mountain."


 "Shang Liang mountain, Shang clan?" Bai Ning Bing’s brows slightly furrowed.


 Shang clan was one of the top forces of the Southern Border, not weaker to Tie clan and Fei clan. Only the Wu Clan was above it.


 Shang clan was famed for their businesses in Southern Border, and even the people outside the Southern Border - as long as they had some experience - knew that the Shang Clan of the Southern Border was the center for businesses and trading. Shang clan city was so flourishing that there were opportunities for primeval stones everywhere.


 When Bai Ning Bing still had Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, she had looked forward to visiting the Shang clan city. Now however, she was hesitating: "With the crimes we have committed against the Bai clan, we might already be wanted by all the righteous path figures. Wouldn’t we just be heading straight into a trap by going to Shang clan city?"


 Fang Yuan smiled: "If there are only two places in the whole Southern Border that could accept us, that Shang clan city would definitely be one of them. Shang Clan might be one of the leaders of the righteous paths, but the Shang Clan city is a place with complete freedom, and also a place where most of the demonic path figures dispose of their goods. If not for that, how could Shang clan be the richest clan in the Southern Border? Even Wu clan is far inferior to them in this aspect."


 Bai Ning Bing pondered for a while when she heard this: "The rumors said that you could buy anything in Shang clan city, is this really true?"


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "The things in the rumors are all talking of the low level goods. There are too many things in this world that has a lot of demand but no supply. For example — a certain Yang Gu? Hahaha."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter



***
Chapter 230: Dual Cultivation


***





 Chapter 230: Dual Cultivation


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the dark room, Bai Ning Bing let out an annoyed snort.


 Fang Yuan changed the subject: "At this stage, Shang clan city is the most suitable place for us.There are many stores there from where we can buy the Gu worms suitable for us. Although the Gu worms we have now are excellent, they don’t match with each other. Only with Gu worms that can complement each other, can we exhibit stronger fighting prowess and even fight higher ranks."


 Bai Ning Bing was in complete agreement.


 All excellent Gu Master would have a set of complementing Gu worms.


 For instance, when Bai Ning Bing possessed Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, the Gu worms she had were ice blade Gu, icicle Gu, water shield Gu, blue bird ice coffin Gu, ice muscles Gu, frost demon Gu...


 They all belonged to ice and water series, and easily complemented each other when mutually paired and used.


 Now however, Fang and Bai only possessed an assortment of Gu worms, if they were to complete a set of complementing Gu worms, their fighting prowess would at least double.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had stored large numbers of bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu. All these could be sold in Shang Clan City.


 Even if there were none of these Gu, Fang Yuan had Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and could use it to produce primeval stones.


 The first objective in going to Shang Clan City was to lay low. The second objective was to purchase and exchange Gu worms. Fang Yuan’s third objective, however, wasn’t convenient to tell to Bai Ning Bing.


 This involved rock gambling.


 At a dark corner of a certain rock gambling site, there was a rock hiding a legendary rainbow colored Gu!


 The Gu worms in Fang Yuan’s possession were as high as rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus which was involved with a rank nine immortal venerable, blood skull Gu which could change one’s aptitude and also bone flesh unity Gu.


 Leaving aside the bone flesh unity Gu, Blood skull Gu had already lost its worth because there was almost no blood relative left of Fang Yuan now. Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus might have excellent results, but it didn’t have any advancement prospects since Fang Yuan didn’t have its fusion recipe; the higher his cultivation becomes, the lesser the help it would provide.


 Let’s not even talk about Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Right now it is still hibernating. If one said to use it, it would be full of danger; but if one does not use it, once it recovered, it would blow up the aperture.


 It was a ticking time bomb.


 Spring Autumn Cicada, Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, blood skull Gu and bone flesh unity Gu were the most valuable Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession.


 In addition, these four all had a common point; they were all involved in assisting with cultivation.


 How big of a help they were to Fang Yuan? Big, very big!


 However, their use in battles weren’t that obvious.


 That Gu in the Shang Clan City was different in that it was a trump card for battle. With it and some other Gu worms to complement it, Fang Yuan could only then be considered to have rebirthed; he would have some confidence in being unrivalled among those at the same rank, recovering some of the bearings of his previous life as one of the big shots of the demonic path.


 "It’s a long journey to Shang Clan City, no need to think about this now, you should first refine the bone flesh unity Gu." Fang Yuan stopped this topic.


 Bai Ning Bing felt slightly at ease after knowing Fang Yuan’s plan.


 Having been in contact with Fang Yuan for so long, she was becoming more and more aware of how treacherous and crafty Fang Yuan was.


 Especially his performance today, such simplicity and honesty even nearly fooled her! Not long ago, she had witnessed how Fang Yuan had refined the bone flesh unity Gu and after connecting all of his behaviour, she was beginning to feel a chill in her heart.


 She reminded herself to be careful and learn from the mistake of that miserable Bai Clan leader! If she doesn’t have some vigilance against Fang Yuan, who knows one day she might be sold by Fang Yuan while still counting the money for him?


 She shook her head to put her mood in check and began to refine the bone flesh unity Gu.


 This pair of Gu had strange shapes with one green and another red. Bai Ning Bing chose the red one and began pouring her primeval essence into it.


 This bone flesh unity Gu had already been refined by Fang Yuan at the very beginning. Now, Fang Yuan removed his imprint from the Gu and cooperated with Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing didn’t take a lot of time to refine it.


 The moment she finished refining the Gu, there was a change in bone flesh unity Gu.


 This pair of linked jade bracelets suddenly completely dissipated in the air. And almost instantly, there appeared circular marks on Fang Yuan’s and Bai Ning Bing’s wrists.


 What was different was, the mark that appeared on Fang Yuan’s left wrist was green, whereas it appeared on Bai Ning Bing’s right wrist and was red.


 A mysterious connection emerged from both Fang and Bai’s hearts.


 This connection allowed Fang Yuan to sense Bai Ning Bing and Bai Ning Bing similarly could sense Fang Yuan, as if their blood and flesh were linked and couldn’t be divided.


 This feeling wasn’t good and it made Bai Ning Bing feel nauseous as if she had swallowed a housefly.


 Fang Yuan’s brows also tightly furrowed.


 This hadn’t been mentioned in the scroll left behind by Grey Bone Scholar.


 Fang Yuan thought about it before being relieved: "The gray bone scholar had researched this only in theory and never put it into practice. Not knowing this is very normal..."


 This feeling was only a minor detail, the important thing was the next stage.


 The two endured the odd feeling and sat cross legged facing each other on the bed, starting their dual cultivation.


 They both stretched out their hands, the four palms touching each other.


 To be on the safe side, the weaker cultivation Fang Yuan experimented it.


 He took out a portion of his green copper primeval essence and cautiously poured it into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture.


 The green and red circular marks suddenly let out bright radiance.


 The foreign primeval essence - when transferred to Bai Ning Bing’s aperture - immediately changed to Bai Ning Bing’s aura.


 "It really worked!" Bai Ning Bing softly exclaimed in delight.


 "I clearly transferred ten percent of my green copper primeval essence, but you only received three-fifth of it of it; two-fifth of it was lost in conversion." Fang Yuan’s observation was even more detailed.


 Bai Ning Bing wasn’t surprised though: "What’s hard to understand? Didn’t the scroll say it? This bone flesh unity Gu can be divided into five types of quality depending on how deep the relation between the two refiners is. From low to high, it is divided into: fratricidal, friendly relation, indissoluble relation, familial relation, blood kin relation."


 She analyzed and continued: "If that pair of brother and sister became Gu Masters, and refined the blood flesh unity Gu by themselves, with how deep the relation was between them, I estimate they would obtain the highest quality ’blood kin relation’.If we had refined it by ourselves, hehe, it would definitely be the worst quality ’fratricidal’, considering our relation. These two neutralized each other and we have thus obtained the mid-quality ’indissoluble relation."


 The bone flesh unity Gu referred to a series Gu. Just like how in the boar Gu, there were black boar Gu, white boar Gu, pink boar Gu and so on.


 According to what the scroll mentioned, bone flesh unity Gu contained five types of Gu worms.


 The worst quality was the fratricidal Gu which converted ten percent primeval essence into one-fifth of it; above it was friendly relation Gu which converted ten percent of primeval essence into two-fifth of it; indissoluble relation Gu could transfer three-fifth; familial relation Gu could transfer four-fifth ; and the top blood kin relation Gu could transfer a hundred percent of the primeval essence without any loss in conversion.


 By relying on his previous life’s experience, Fang Yuan had tampered with the recipe at the last moment, obtaining the rank three indissoluble relation Gu which could be considered a pretty good luck.


 Researching refinement recipe was not easy. It required continuous deductions and experiments along with many Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan was able to succeed with his tampering, one factor was due to the insight from his experience and another factor was luck.


 However, he had never liked to rely on luck.


 This didn’t mean he was born a jinx or his luck was bad all the time. Fang Yuan’s luck was the same as ordinary people; sometimes good, sometimes bad. Why he didn’t like it was because it was a factor which he couldn’t control.


 He was a person who strongly desired being in control; he liked to control the situation, control others and naturally control himself.


 "That’s it. Your turn now." Fang Yuan said.


 On the whole, he was satisfied getting the indissoluble Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing transferred ten percent of her snow silver primeval essence into Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 What happened next was shocking!


 Just before, when Fang Yuan transferred his dark green primeval essence into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, it formed into a green water which was swallowed by the snow silver primeval sea in just a while; her primeval sea increasing by a bit.


 Now, when she transferred ten percent primeval essence into Fang Yuan’s aperture, before her primeval essence had yet to land into his primeval sea, his aperture started shaking.


 Fang Yuan immediately shouted to stop.


 This was not a problem in bone flesh unity Gu, but rather was the problem of his cultivation; he was only at upper stage of rank one Gu Master and had stored hundreds of bone spear Gu, and now that he was receiving the snow silver primeval essence, the whole burden was too much to handle for his aperture.


 Bai Ning Bing hesitated, if she continued to transfer the primeval essence now, she might be able to break Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 But even if she broke his aperture, Yang Gu could still be destroyed with one thought from Fang Yuan.


 She thought for a moment before finally deciding to withdraw her primeval essence.


 Originally, ten percent of silver snow primeval essence was transferred to Fang Yuan’s aperture, which should have been converted into three-fifth. Now after Bai Ning Bing withdrew her primeval essence, only about a fifth of the converted primeval essence remained.


 What made Bai Ning Bing inwardly sigh was the ability of this bone flesh unity Gu.


 Fang Yuan transferred all the bone spear Gu to Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, and then accepted the snow silver primeval essence.


 When this portion of snow primeval essence was in Bai Ning Bing’s body, it had her aura. Now that it had been transferred into Fang Yuan’s aperture, it suddenly shrunk and changed to Fang Yuan’s aura.


 The converted snow silver primeval essence sank towards the bottom of Fang Yuan’s aperture and his green copper primeval essence could only helplessly float above it.


 The two existed peacefully, as if this portion of snow silver primeval essence was birthed by Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 If it was foreign primeval essence that came this close in contact, it would immediately explode and cause damage to the aperture.


 Hence, the normal primeval essence imparting was like walking on a steel rope; very dangerous and exhausting.


 Fang Yuan tried moving this portion of the white silver primeval essence to rush at the aperture walls.


 Gu Masters were divided into nine ranks of great realms, each great realms were further divided into four small realms; initial stage, middle stage, upper stage and peak stage.


 Initial stage was light membrane aperture walls; the light was thin and flickering.


 Middle stage was water membrane aperture walls; the light flowed freely.


 Upper stage was stone membrane aperture walls; the light was condensed to solid state.


 Peak stage was crystal membrane aperture walls with ethereal and pure radiance.


 Fang Yuan was now a rank one upper stage; his aperture walls were of stone membrane.


 However, with one wave of impact from the snow silver primeval essence, this stone membrane wall actually started shaking violently!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Daily chapter.


 Translator note: Well... you all saw this coming



***
Chapter 231: Addicted to cultivating!


***





231  Addicted to cultivating! 

 Fang Yuan quickly stopped out of fear. 

 Although he used the liquor worm before, it was used to refine the primeval essence and raise its quality by one small realm. When had he ever used the snow silver primeval essence which was of a much higher quality? 

 With no choice, Fang Yuan could only reduce the amount used each time, and also slow the waves crashing into his aperture walls. 

 "To think there would also be problems when the primeval essence's quality is too high." Fang Yuan was slightly aggravated. 

 In the darkness, Bai Ning Bing heard this and rolled her eyes. 

 What sort of godsend opportunity was this! 

 If anyone else knew, they would probably slap him to death out of anger. 

 This was really a blissful worry. 

 After four hours, this 6% snow silver primeval essence was finally expended. 

 His rough stone aperture walls were already showing a glimmer just from this one round of cultivation. It was like a rough jade that had started to give off a lustre worthy of its quality after processing. 

 "Quick, transfer another 10%." Fang Yuan urged. 

 Like this, they cultivated the whole night. 

 When the rooster crowed in the morning, light had started to shine through the window, and Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes. 

 His eyes were shining with unconcealable excitement. 

 He looked at his palm and clenched his fists: "Rank one peak stage!" 

 Just a night of cultivation, caused him to rise from rank one upper stage to rank one peak stage. 

 What divine speed is this! 

 Ever since Fang Yuan started cultivating, he had never felt so comfortable and carefree, even in his previous life! 

 Such a feeling was almost addictive. 

 For example— 

 When he had C grade aptitude, he cultivated like a snail. Using the liquor worm, he walked. With A grade aptitude and heavenly essence treasure lotus, he sprinted. 

 But what the heck was this! With this bone flesh unity Gu, it was like he was soaring with two wings! 

 Even Bai Ning Bing was stunned. 

 She was smart and quickly realized that this Gu had another greater use. 

 "This Gu can also help in breaking through a large realm!" 

 Liquor worm can only raise the cultivation by a small realm, and the Gu Master had to rely on their own primeval essence when breaking through a big realm, thus aptitude was crucial. 

 But with this bone flesh unity Gu, they could use another person's primeval essence when breaking through to another realm,. 

 This was an insane advantage! 

 "With this Gu, Bai Gu mountain was a complete success, even if I sacrifice the heavenly essence treasure lotus, it would be worth it." 

 At this time, the morning light entered the farm house, and Bai Ning Bing sighed loudly: "This world holds so many great geniuses!" 

 Grey bone scholar was only a rank 4 Gu Master, but he managed to invent the bone flesh unity Gu, he was a true genius! 

 All Gu Masters with titles had their specialities. In comparison, Fang and Bai were living in obscurity. 

 ... 

 Under the blazing sun, in the fields. 

 "Auntie, take a rest, I'll help you!" Fang Yuan grabbed the hoe from the old lady's hand. 

 The old lady could not compete in strength against the young and strong Fang Yuan, she felt happy seeing her hoe snatched away, smiling till her teeth was exposed: "Ah, where can I find such a wonderful lad." 

 Since the first dual cultivation, two days had passed. 

 The original plan was to stay a night and leave, but after using the bone flesh unity Gu, Fang Yuan was enjoying the rapid cultivation speed and decided to change his plans, to leaving only after he reached rank two at least. 

 After all, there were still two to three years before that rock is discovered, he was in no rush. 

 Bai Ning Bing had no objections, there was a huge difference between rank one and rank two. Becoming a rank two Gu Master would be a great help to their journey. 

 Thus, they stayed in the village and didn't leave. 

 The old lady also did not chase them away. 

 The truth was she wanted the two to stay there forever. They worked so diligently, and although one was slightly dumb while the other was ugly, they were honest kids. 

 Fang and Bai worked in the day, one had the strength of two boars, while the other had the strength of a crocodile; among mortals it was like having divine strength. Farmwork was a breeze, as easy as pie. Furthermore, it was an old lady's house, what tough work could there be? 

 Everyday Fang and Bai only slept a little, but were still full of energy. 

 Such a lifestyle - in comparison to moving in the wilds and living in harsh conditions, while worrying for their safety - was like heaven. 

 Fang Yuan used all his free time to cultivate, like he was addicted. 

 With the bone flesh unity Gu, his speed could only be described with a proverb, a thousand miles a day! 

 He reached rank one peak stage in the first night. And in the past few days, he was steadily building on his foundation, and his aperture walls had already turned crystal clear. At this rate, he would reach rank two in a few days. 

 As the number of times they cultivated increased, the bone flesh unity Gu's status rose in Fang Yuan's heart, surpassing the blood skull Gu and heavenly essence treasure lotus, only lower than the spring autumn cicada. 

 There was no need to even mention Liquor worm which could only raise one small realm, it was nothing compared to the bone flesh unity Gu. 

 As for blood skull Gu, it required too much investment and time. Although the heavenly essence treasure lotus was good, it could only provide help to Gu Masters who were alone. 

 As for this bone flesh unity Gu, according to Bai Ning Bing's phrase, it was a Gu that could change even the very structure of society. 

 This was no exaggeration and was deeply acknowledged by Fang Yuan. 

 Bone flesh unity Gu was a low rank Gu, even rank one or two Gu Masters could use it. Although it had many refinement requirements, the standards were really not high, and a clan with enough resources could easy refine this Gu. 

 This Gu was useless to a loner, but to clans or sects, this was a divine weapon! 

 Using this shortcut, clan elders could nurture the juniors, reducing the time and funds required to raise a Gu Master, by many folds. 

 With this bone flesh unity Gu, it was no longer nurturing Gu Masters, but creating Gu Masters in batches. 

 It was a difference between heaven and earth. 

 Because of this Gu, Fang Yuan even had a change of thought the night before, getting the urge to change his plans of fighting alone to establishing a force of his own. 

 On that topic, an organised force was just a tool to be used. 

 Fang Yuan had created the bloodwing demonic sect in his previous life, and if he wanted to establish an organization in this life, it would be a lot easier because he had already experienced it. 

 But to establish an organisation, the most important thing was — occupying territory filled with resources. And under layers of control, gather people and use their strength to cultivate together. 

 Gu Master cultivation was like swimming upstream, it was a journey of accumulation and naturally required resources. 

 Thus to rank five Gu Masters and below, having an organisation's help would aid in their cultivation. However, once they reached rank six and experienced a qualitative change, turning from mortal to immortal, with the might of heaven and earth gathered in them, an organisation became useless to them. 

 Knowing this, it was easy to understand Fang Yuan's plans. 

 In his previous life, Fang Yuan established the bloodwing demonic sect to gather resources. In this life, with his knowledge of many inheritance and secrets, he could simply devour these resources and rise to rank six much more quickly. Why would he need to waste time and effort to create a force of his own? 

 But now that he possessed the bone flesh unity Gu, it would be much quicker than he previously assumed if he created an organization. There would be less investments, but greater rewards, creating Gu Masters in batches and quickly form a large strength. 

 But after Fang Yuan thought about it until morning, he dispelled his notion of creating a force. 

 Such a divine weapon would definitely attract the greed of all the large forces, if revealed. 

 17:09 

 If he really relied on the bone flesh unity Gu to create an organisation, it would be courting death. 

 Such a divine weapon would definitely attract the greed of all the large forces, if revealed. 

 Not to say that he was starting from scratch, even a clan leader with some foundation would not dare to use the bone flesh unity Gu so openly. 

 It truly attracted the jealousy of others! 

 Even Wu clan, the number one clan in the southern borders, would not dare to use it alone. 

 Fang Yuan estimated there needed to be an alliance of at least Wu clan, Fei clan, Tie clan and Shang clan to guard against the greed of all the Gu Masters over the world, if they were to use bone flesh unity Gu in large scale. 

 "If I want to create a force, even if it starts to look bright, I will get exterminated from all sides. By then, even if I escape, the foundation that I created would be lost. At the end, I would even become a complete loser, pursued by everyone." 

 Fang Yuan had completely calmed down, knowing that this was a dead path, thus he affirmed his will of fighting alone in a large scale battle. 

 "But to be honest, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were quite intelligent. In their previous life, although they used the bone flesh unity Gu and became the righteous twin stars, they did not use this power to grow their clan's force. With their intentional misleading, although the bone flesh unity gGu's reputation was established, people greatly underestimated its ability." 

 Fang Yuan recalled, and sensed the wisdom in these two twin stars. Being able to come to Bai Gu mountain this time and killing the siblings prematurely, could be considered a great accomplishment. 

 But Fang Yuan thought again: "This bone flesh unity Gu can only be used by two people. Bai Hua and Bai Sheng must've used the refinement method on the scroll. Without my unique alteration, the difficulty in defining the bone flesh unity Gu is greatly increased. It is possible that they did not even think of this prospect..." 

 After thinking for so much, Fang Yuan's head was starting to hurt. 

 He plowed the fields under the intense sun as he shook his head, collecting his dispersed thoughts. 

 After all, these things were not important and it was useless to think about it. 

 "Unfortunately, I do not have Gu worms that aid in thinking like creative thinking Gu, intelligent heart Gu, tactful Gu and lightning thoughts Gu. Even at the very least, the bookworm would suffice. It seems I can only purchase them when I get to Shang clan city." 

 The old lady's field was small, Fang Yuan quickly plowed half of it, when Bai Ning Bing felt interest and started to help on her own accord. 

 She had seen farmers plowing fields on Qing Mao mountain, but back then she was still muddle-headed, and now that she was in this state, she wanted to experience the wonders in it. 

 Only when the night approached, did they start eating in front of the old lady's house. 

 You must be hungry, there are still sweet potatoes in the pot, it will definitely fill you up!" The old lady grinned as she scooped two bowls of rice. 

 This rice was not the superior rice from the rice bag grass, but rough grains. 

 However, the two were not picky eaters anyway. 

 "Eat slowly, I have good news to share with you two." On the table, the old lady smiled mysteriously. 

 Daily chapter 

  



***
Chapter 232: Intense pain of changing bone


***





 Chapter 232: Intense pain of changing bone


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Auntie, what good news do you have?" Fang Yuan immediately asked with a foolish grin.


 As he was asking, an old man walked in from outside.


 Bai Ning Bing secretly glanced at the old man; this old man was a Gu Master!


 However, he only possessed rank one initial stage cultivation and was very old, there was nothing to worry.


 "Young man, this is our village head." The old lady introduced the man.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing hurriedly stood up.


 Fang Yuan scratched his head appearing to be uneasy: "Honorable village head, I am..."


 He hadn’t even introduced himself when the village head waved his hand with a smile: "I know, you two are outsiders."


 Gu masters could sense the aura of other Gu Masters. However, Fang and Bai had the breath concealment Gu in their ears; their Gu Master aura were concealed, and the village head couldn’t detect it.


 The old village head had obtained the report on these two strangers few days ago. But he didn’t take it to heart.


 These days, besides Fang and Bai, there were many new people who had come to the village and lodged.


 "If you want to come, just come, why is there a need to bring in gifts?" The old lady grumbled.


 The old village head hadn’t come empty-handed, he was holding a string of tied fishes.


 "I caught the fish this morning from the pool. Your teeth aren’t in a good condition, drink some fish soup to recover your health." The old village head smiled.


 The old lady gave him a supercilious look before accepting the fish: "I will go cook the fish soup."


 One could sense the happiness in her voice.


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t sense anything from how the two elderly behaved and spoke to each other. Fang Yuan’s gaze, however, flashed, realizing this old man and the old lady might probably have fallen in love at this old age.


 "Auntie, let me do it." Fang Yuan immediately said.


 "You guys just sit and chat. There is good news!" The old lady quickly waved her hand, indicating Fang and Bai to sit, "I have told your story to the villagers, the village head is a Gu Master, he can help you guys."


 "Gu Master!" Fang Yuan’s eyes immediately opened as wide as saucers, he appeared stunned and stumped as he stood there.


 Bai Ning Bing almost couldn’t help rolling her eyes at Fang Yuan’s expression. She also did her best to show a shocked expression, but her performance was clearly far behind Fang Yuan’s, and she knew this clearly.


 The old village head laughed loudly at Fang Yuan’s expression, he immediately felt this ugly and silly guy was somewhat adorable. Compared to Bai Ning Bing who only looked somewhat stunned, the old village head liked Fang Yuan more.


 "Come and sit down, you two youngsters, don’t be reserved." He waved and sat down first.


 Fang Yuan acted bashful before he sat down while puffing hard, he appeared nervous. Bai Ning Bing also followed his expression from behind, but it looked somewhat unnatural.


 The old village head, however, didn’t suspect anything: "I heard you guys had gone to sell herbs and salted meat, but unfortunately came across a wild beast. Your auntie told everything to me, you have helped her a lot these days. I have some purple maple leaves here. In a few days, a caravan will be coming here. You can sell these purple maple leaves and recover your capital."


 When Bai Ning Bing realized this was the good news the old lady was talking about, she immediately lost her interest.


 "Thi..thi..this..." Fang Yuan stuttered with happiness, tears flowed out from his eyes as he choked with emotion, "Honored sir, you are really a good person, a great person!"


 The old village head patted the shoulder of this devil and tried to sympathize: "No need to say that. Any person has their ups and downs in life. But I can’t just give these purple maple leaves to you, otherwise the villagers will say something about it. How about this, go help plow the fields in the eastern end of the village, you just need to do it for seven days until the caravan arrives."


 He was actually really grateful to Fang and Bai.


 He had been a mortal who was born and raised in this village, he and the old lady had been childhood sweethearts. But the affairs of the world was fickle, the old lady was married off to someone else. During one time when a caravan had come by, a Gu Master noticed his intelligence and gave him some help, turning him into a Gu Master.


 Because of this, he became the village head. Although he still had feelings for the old lady, both of them had families and children and it would leave a bad impression if he stayed overly in touch with her. Although he is the village head, he couldn’t brazenly assist her.


 He had actually been secretly observing Fang and Bai, and felt their nature wasn’t bad; they were hardworking and were honest kids, just that their luck was a bit bad.


 Hence, when the old lady told their story to him, he immediately agreed to help.


 ...


 "You agreed to the village head during the dinner. Are you really thinking of plowing the fields for seven days for a cart of that purple whatever leaves?" In the house at night, Bai Ning Bing puzzledly asked.


 "Purple maple leaves is of course not my true objective. Didn’t you hear during the meal? A caravan will be passing through this place." Fang Yuan replied.


 "So what? Didn’t you mention that caravans pass through Zi You mountain all year round?"


 "The caravans pass through once a year sometimes, and sometimes, once per half a year. What I had not expected was that a caravan would be coming in just a few days. I made some indirect inquiries and found that this caravan is travelling from east to west. Even if it doesn’t go to Shang clan city, it will at least travel along our destination."


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly understood: "You want to join the caravan and borrow their strength to reach Shang clan city?"


 She pondered over it for a while, increasingly feeling this was a great method.


 First of all, earth hearing ear grass was destroyed; they lacked investigative Gu which meant it would be quite troublesome if they were to travel by themselves.


 Secondly, they had committed crimes, the Bai clan was definitely chasing after them without rest. Joining the caravan was a great way to cover up their tracks.


 Finally, they had breath concealment gu and were able to disguise as mortals. The caravans would definitely take precautions against foreign Gu Masters, but definitely wouldn’t have much vigilance against mortals.


 Even if they were to be discovered, there wouldn’t be any problems; when that times comes, with a rank three and a rank two cultivations, they could still make an escape.


 The heads of the caravans normally possessed rank three cultivation. Those that were rank four like Jia Fu were quite rare.


 "But even if we disguise as mortals, could we just casually enter the caravan?" Bai Ning Bing thought about it, but still had this worry.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "Of course, we won’t be able to just casually join a caravan, we would need a guarantor even as mortals. But I reckon the old village head can resolve this problem for us."


 Only then did Bai Ning Bing felt relieved and let go of her worry.


 "I was worried for nothing. Indeed, with this guy’s craftiness, how could he not have thought of this loophole?" She thought.


 "Alright. I will be able to break through to rank two initial stage after seven days. And I think it is time to use the iron bone Gu and jade bone Gu."


 Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched before saying lightly: "I already told you before to use them, but you didn’t agree and just nurtured them vainly for so many days, wasting so much spring milk."


 Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh: "Youngster, you are ignorant and thus fearless of how much pain is involved in this. Tonight, we won’t do dual cultivation, I need to properly rest my mind before I use the iron bone Gu tomorrow night."


 Next day, Fang and Bai went to work the fields in the eastern end of the village like their agreement.


 Fang Yuan intentionally worked from morning till sunset. HIs body contained enormous strength, this bit of work wasn’t even worthy to be mentioned, but he could already hear other farmers taking notice of him and even looking up to him.


 At night, he sat cross legged on the bed and concentrated on transferring primeval essence into the iron bone Gu within his aperture.


 This Gu was like a bone, with rounded and smooth ends, and slender mid-area. The whole bone was jet-black as if it was made from iron.


 This Gu was a rank three Gu and it required instant consumption of great amounts of primeval essence to be activated.


 Fang Yuan was just a rank one Gu Master and shouldn’t have been able to use it. But after Bai Ning Bing transferred a lot of his snow silver primeval essence,he was barely qualified to activate it.


 The transferred snow silver primeval essence was almost completely used up in transferring to the iron bone Gu. This gu first let out dark radiance before immediately melting down into iron liquid; it flew out from the aperture and merged with Fang Yuan’s skeleton.


 Pain!


 An intense and inconceivable pain!


 Fang Yuan felt like his heart was branded by a scalding hot branding iron, anywhere the iron liquid passed through in the bones felt like it was being roasted in burning coals.


 This kind of pain penetrated even the soul; Fang Yuan’s face distorted under this pain.


 Immediately following, drops of sweat began to fall from Fang Yuan’s forehead, and in the next moment, his whole body was drenched with sweat.


 After a long while, Fang Yuan couldn’t endure the pain any longer and let out a groan.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed.


 Because of the darkness, she hadn’t been able to clearly see Fang Yuan’s earlier expression and situation, but from this oppressed groan, she judged this pain was no small matter!


 She knew what insane willpower Fang Yuan had; he hadn’t let out a word even when his whole body was covered with flames.


 But after using the iron bone Gu, he let out such a sound; from this, one could tell how intense the pain was.


 Among the Gu Master’s cultivation three big aspects of nurture, use and refine; in regards to ’use’, some Gu were extremely peculiar. Iron bone Gu was one of those, giving extremely intense pain when used. Unfortunately, one needed to endure this pain, and if in case they lost consciousness in the middle, all their efforts would be wasted.


 Historically, many famous Gu Masters had died from pain of using Gu like the iron bone Gu.


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and persevered, the unbearable pain continued to flood in; he involuntarily let out several groan like snorts from his nose.


 In the end, his whole body was almost paralyzed from the pain, he couldn’t even exert any more strength in his jaws.


 When all of his bones were dyed a layer of black by the molten iron, he finally relaxed, and almost instantly, a burst of dizziness attacked him; his eyes blacked out and he started losing consciousness.


 However, he forcibly persevered, and after taking few deep breaths, he slowly laid down.


 "Is it over?" Bai Ning Bing’s voice came from the darkness.


 "Naturally." Fang Yuan sucked in cold air, his voice was hoarse but stable, "Go to sleep, we still need to work tomorrow."


 "Ok." Bai Ning Bing felt greatly disappointed when she realized Fang Yuan was still able to be clear-headed. If he had fainted, she might have had a chance to get hold of the Yang Gu.


 "No, that isn’t right. Yang Gu is inside Fang Yuan’s aperture, how can I take it out without any special means?" Thinking of this, she let go her dark thoughts.


 The next day, Fang Yuan didn’t go to work, instead staying in bed.


 The intense pain was still lingering around and tormenting him. If he made even a slight movement, the violent pain that emerged felt like a chainsaw was sawing at his nerves!


 The pain was temporarily dominating him and putting him into an extremely weak state. Let alone farm work, he was not able to even leave the bed and walk.


 At this instance, Bai Ning Bing realized that Fang Yuan had forcibly kept up a facade last night.


 Resultantly, she went to the farm and did the work alone.


 By evening, Fang Yuan was able to make some movements. Bai Ning Bing refused to believe him and used the Jade Bone Gu.


 Obviously, she found out the absurd amount of pain Fang Yuan had suffered!


 As prideful as she was, she couldn’t help groaning in pain and even grabbing the bed sheets.


 However, even though her whole body was trembling and shaking, she was able to persist till the end. An intense dizziness attacked her immediately after her success; she fell down on the bed and instantly lost her consciousness.



***
Chapter 233: A deep misunderstanding


***





 Chapter 233: A deep misunderstanding


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On the second day, it was Bai Ning Bing’s turn to lie on the bed, in so much pain that she could not move at all.


 Fang Yuan had recovered mostly, going off the plow the fields at the east of the hamlet.


 The old lady went into the room, asking in concern.


 Bai Ning Bing kept saying she was fine, that she was tired after a day of physical work, and that she only needed to rest for a day.


 The old lady gave an understanding smile: "Indeed you were tired , your actions these past two days were slightly loud, I could hear it all."


 "What?" Bai Ning Bing could not understand it.


 "Young lady, stop keeping it from me, I could tell a mile away!" The old lady laughed.


 Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk, did her identity get exposed, how can that be? At once, a deep killing intent arose in her, but she could not bear to do it.


 She could cold-heartedly watch the Bai clan siblings burn to death, but that is because the Bai clan was destined to be their enemies. Although she was proud, she was not merciless like Fang Yuan, towards people who had helped her, she would not be able to act.


 The old lady in front of her was such a case, and so was the former Bai clan leader (from Bai Ning Bing’s clan).


 The old lady held no suspicions towards Bai Ning Bing, she grabbed her hand and patted: "Young lady, I can tell these few days, how can guys have such a butt and waist like yours! No wonder you wear a straw hat, and do not like talking. Although I am old, I am still a woman, we women have a talent compared to guys, that is we are meticulous."


 "Ah?" Bai Ning Bing did not know what to say.


 The old lady was enthusiastic, speaking in an understanding tone: "I understand you, as a women, dressing up like this outside to protect yourself, otherwise accidents might occur."


 Bai Ning Bing was speechless.


 She hated people using the word "woman" to trigger her nerves. But towards this enthusiastic and simple old lady, she was very helpless.


 The old lady smiled until her eyes were a straight line, suddenly suppressing her voice: "You two must be a couple right. You have been too loud these days, I could even hear you from far away. I don’t want to say this but, those actions, you have to restrain yourselves."


 This was simply a nightmare!


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, like she was zapped by lightning.


 "Auntie, it is not what you think." A long while later, she barely squeezed out this sentence, her expression extremely stiff.


 " Sigh , why are you so shy, its nothing, you can tell me everything. I’ve lived for so many years, what have I not seen!" The granny winked, laughing until her teeth were showing.


 And then her gaze shifted to the bed, subconsciously or not.


 Bai Ning Bing followed her gaze, and just wanted to kill herself.


 But honestly, the bedsheets were torn by her...


 Next, the old lady said a few things to her, but Bai Ning Bing’s brain was in a mess, not listening to a single word.


 In the afternoon, when Fang Yuan came back to eat, the old lady blocked him at the door, kindly reminding: "Lad, your wife has told me already. I know youngsters are in heat but you have to take care of your own bodies, and even more concern for your wife. Remember my words okay?"


 "Hah?" Fang Yuan opened his mouth wide, not able to react to what he has just heard.


 The old lady clicked her tongue, using a dissatisfied and helpless tone: "Everything about you is good, except that you are too simple. Being so honest, you’ll lose out eventually!"


 If Gu Yue clan, Tie divine investigator, or Bai Hua and Bai Sheng heard these words, they might jump out of their graves.


 Fang Yuan stood on the spot in daze, suddenly light flashed across his eyes, and he finally got it.


 "Oh... that, hehe..." He scratched his head sheepishly, nodding: "Auntie, you are right, I get it."


 At the dinner table, he saw Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at him coldly, her body almost emitting cold air.


 The corners of Fang Yuan’s eyes had been twitching non stop.


 This matter was a reminder to Fang Yuan as well.


 Fang Yuan can easily portray any role, that is because he has a rich experience and broad horizon. But Bai Ning Bing was not, because even after disguise, she still has her flaws.


 Thankfully, this flaw is small, and in this world, whenever a women travelled, she would definitely dress up as a male, to reduce the potential danger she might encounter.


 Even though this misunderstanding was very awkward, Fang Yuan had to admit that this can better conceal their true identities.


 Bai Ning Bing’s mood became worse.


 That night, she asked Fang Yuan again, when he can return the Yang Gu to her.


 Fang Yuan could only answer, that once he reached rank three, he would return it to her.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, she understood Fang Yuan, she would rather die that trust Fang Yuan’s words! But now she could not take the Yang Gu by force yet.


 "When I get to Shang clan city, I have to get at least a poison vow Gu, three hand Gu, or even seize Gu would work too..." Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing was even more anxious about getting to Shang clan city.


 Other than dual cultivation, Fang Yuan’s cultivation has a new chapter added to it.


 That is, using the crocodile strength Gu to increase his strength.


 Speaking of which, being able to feed the crocodile strength Gu to this date, was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 The ones to thank were the Bai clan. It was due to getting large amount of crocodile meat from them that Fang Yuan was able to raise it to now.


 Otherwise, it would have starved to death long ago.


 Crocodile strength Gu was like black and white boar Gu, they permanently added strength to the Gu Master’s body.


 But before rank six, a Gu Master still has a mortal body. Like a bowl, it cannot contain a lake, a Gu Master’s body has its limits eventually.


 That is also why Fang Yuan could not use the crocodile strength Gu before. But now, he had obtained the iron bones Gu and jade bones Gu from Bai Gu mountain.


 These two Gu were expenditure type Gu. Each had their merits, and their values were about the same, able to permanently improve the Gu Master’s physique.


 Choosing which Gu decides the progression route of the Gu Master.


 When Gu Masters use Gu, there were much to consider. Some Gu could not be used together, while some complemented each other and produced greater effect when used together.


 Bai Ning Bing once used the ice muscles Gu, thus her body was made of ice muscles. Ice muscles stopped perspiration, thus she cannot use a Gu like "blood sweat Gu" in the future.


 And if she uses the jade bones Gu, her original mortal bones would become jade bones. Ice muscles and jade bones, it was a superb combination.


 Each person has their own needs, ice muscles jade bones might suit Bai Ning Bing, but it does not suit Fang Yuan.


 Considering the legendary Gu at Shang clan city, Fang Yuan plans, he wanted to form the most effective " steel tendon, iron bones ."


 Being able to get the iron bones Gu on Bai Gu mountain, it was a perfect scenario for him.


 After using the iron bones Gu, Fang Yuan’s bones were tough as iron now. With his body foundation improved, he can now add the strength of one crocodile in addition to the strength of two boars.


 His strength continued to rise.


 Seven days passed in a flash.


 According to their initial agreement, Fang Yuan got a cart of purple maple leaves from the old village head.


 These goods were very cheap, the entire cart could not even sell for two primeval stones. But this was not Fang Yuan’s objective, he only wanted to hide his identity and follow and get closer to the caravan.


 When the caravan arrived, it was three days later than the old village head expected.


 Only on the ninth day did they appear.


 The originally peaceful town boomed with life again.


 The caravan’s size was huge.


 Bus-sized black skin fat beetles carried goods and people as they crawled slowly.


 Beside them, colored ostriches dragged the dray. Mountain large spiders wrapped boxes and containers on their bodies, winged snakes meandered, and toads carried large bundles on them.


 These stead-type Gu, formed the main body of the caravan. Other than that, there were large numbers of mortals pulling cows, horses, or carrying bamboo bags.


 "This year’s caravan is finally here!"


 "Everytime I see these snakes, i get a little scared."


 "Lord Gu Masters are really amazing, they can make these ruthless snakes so tame."


 "I hope my cured meat can be sold this time, I don’t expect a high price, I’ll be satisfied with just a few primeval stone fragments."


 "Yeah, our luck is not as good as the outsider..."


 "The village head is too biased, that is an entire cart of purple maple leaves, to think he gave them away like that!"


 The villagers made many temporary stalls at the village entrance, as Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing dragged a cart of purple maple leaves, mixed among them.


 Among these people, some were all locals, others were from other villages, carrying goods with them.


 Places with people will have competition for benefits.


 Fang and Bai, even though they stay at the village and plowed fields for seven days, their cart of purple maple leaves attracted many jealous gazes into them.


 Fang Yuan of course, did not pay them any attention.


 He was secretly observing the members of the approaching caravan.


 This caravan is a mixed one, with many different clan forces among them gathered together. It was not like the Jia clan caravan, with Jia clan as the main force. This caravan, other than the selected leader, there were also a number of vice leaders, like a alliance army.


 This was good news to Fang Yuan.


 The more complex the structure of the caravan, the easier it is for him to mix in.


 "Hey, how much are you selling this cart of purple maple leaves?" Someone quickly came to ask for prices.


 "Two and a half primeval stones." Fang Yuan said.


 "Two and a half? You might as well go rob!" The person stared with wide opened eyes.


 "Buy it or leave!" Bai Ning Bing said at the side.


 "Hmph!" The person waved his sleeves and walked off.


 If they really sold this cart, what excuse would Fang and Bai use to join the caravan? Thus, they purposely denied three potential buyers and deterred them.


 Until evening, they still did not manage to sell the cart of purple maple leaves. Instead, others managed to sell most of their medicine grass, cured meat, milk etc.


 After all, the caravan was huge, they needed to replenish these goods.


 Many people saw Fang and Bai as a joke, and some even start to mock them. Some kind people reminded them to reduce the price appropriately.


 But Fang and Bai paid them all no heed.


 Before night time, Fang Yuan pretended to be dejected, dragging this cart of purple maple leaves back to the old village head’s house.


 The old village head asked, and sighed: "You two, I told you that two primeval stones were already a high price. We can sell it even for one and a half. Why didn’t you listen to me? Adamantly selling at two and a half!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 I know some people love this chapter



***
Chapter 234: Arrest Warrant


***





 Chapter 234: Arrest Warrant


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "You have to know, there are lots of purple maple leaves on Zi You mountain. Those people buy it because it is more convenient for them, and they can save time from picking them. Sigh, it’s pointless to tell you now. Nevermind, nevermind...."


 The old village head continuously sighed.


 Fang Yuan bobbed his head: "We just wanted to sell it for more primeval stones, one is to recoup the cost, the other is to take care of our parents. Who would have thought that after so much effort, it could not be sold."


 He sounded anxious, a hint of crying in his speech.


 Hearing his words, the old village head’s heart softened, the grudge in his heart dispersing by more than half.


 Fang Yuan said again: "No worries lord village head, I have decided to follow the caravan tomorrow. By lowering the price, I’m sure we can sell it eventually."


 "Follow the caravan? Who allowed you to follow the caravan?" The old village head stared with wide opened eyes.


 Fang Yuan said as a matter of fact: "I saw many mortals in the caravan. If they can follow, why can we?"


 The old village head rested his head on his arm: "Those are the family servants of the lord Gu Masters! You think simply anyone can just follow them? What if people with ill intentions mix in among them?"


 "Ah?!" Fang Yuan’s mouth opened wide, stunned on the spot: "Then how? The caravan is leaving tomorrow."


 " Sigh ..." The old man sighed deeply: "Nevermind, I’ll help you to the end. Tomorrow I’ll beg them to let you into the caravan, it’ll all be up to your fate."


 The sun had just rose, and there were still a few stars visible in the light blue sky. Looking afar, Zi You mountain is enveloped in a dark purple colour, peaceful and mysterious.


 After a night of rest, the caravan had started loading up their goods already.


 "Inspect the goods once more!"


 "Tie the ropes tightly, if anything drops during the journey, we will punish you with a hundred beatings."


 "Quick, quick, quick, feed our black skin beetles till full."


 Gu Masters ordered and sent their family servants into a busy state. Some had bad temper, holding a whip in their hands, whoever moved slowly would be whipped. Some loved their Gu worms, and fed them personally.


 "Lord Chen." The old village head bowed, paying respects to one of the vice leaders in the caravan.


 "Oh, old Zhang, I am busy here, just tell me what you have to say." This Chen Gu Master said.


 "It is like this. I have two juniors, doing small business..." Before the old village head finished, Chen Gu Master suddenly shouted: "Chen Xin, why are you in a daze? Go and feed the winged snakes, you think those servants can feed them properly? That snake of yours had already swallowed three servants these few days!"


 "Yes clan elder." Chen Xin was grabbed, raising his head and said.


 But Chen Gu Master did not let go of him, chiding again: "How many times have I told you, call me clan elder in the village, in the caravan, you have to address me as vice leader."


 "Yes, yes, yes Lord vice leader." Chen Xin answered, running away swiftly.


 "This rascal..." Chen Gu Master scolded under his breath in anger, before turning to the old village head: "What did you say earlier? Oh! You want me to vouch for your two juniors to enter the caravan?"


 "Lord is truly wise, that is the case." Old village head quickly answered.


 "That..." Chen Gu Master purposely hummed.


 The old village head was turned into a Gu Master by him, because this route needed for the caravan to pass by, he needed someone who worked for him.


 For caravans travelling, those villages were crucial, but the mortal hamlets along the way cannot be ignored as well, they were equally important.


 The caravans had many people and much to do, much living resources would be quickly expended and need to be replenished along the way. There are also servants, when they encounter danger, some servants die and manpower becomes lacking. The caravan will have to select some mortals in those hamlets to recruit.


 Speaking of which, among Chen Gu Master’s family servants, manpower was starting to feel lacking, after all mortals had cheap lives, they were just a type of expendable resources that can talk and move.


 "Henceforth, when I cross by Zi You mountain, I will still need to make use of old Zhang, if I don’t accede to his request, wouldn’t that discourage him? Although I am lacking manpower now, I cannot agree so easily. I have to wait, and sell this favor at a good price."


 Chen Gu Master was still considering, when a messenger Gu Master from the caravan came running.


 There was a stack of paper in his hand, as he ran and shouted: "All members take note, there is a new arrest warrant, there is a new arrest warrant!"


 He shouted as he pasted a piece of paper on a black skin fat beetle’s body.


 "New arrest warrant? From which clan? How much bounty, retrieve it for me." Chen Gu Master was interested.


 "Yes, vice leader." The messenger Gu Master quickly handed over a piece of paper.


 Chen Gu Master looked: "Oh, an arrest warrant from Bai clan. As long as information is accurate, they will give a thousand primeval stones? So much!"


 Chen Gu Master’s eyes shone, gaining interest in the matter.


 There were two prices on the warrant, one was information price, the other was killing price.


 Information priced at a thousand primeval stones, normally it is used for a wanted demonic cultivator that has made a name for himself. But this poster only showed two youngsters, with proper features, and one was even very beautiful.


 One male one female, these were two newbies.


 "One is a rank one Gu Master, the other is rank three. With information price of a thousand primeval stones, and killing price of five thousand eight thousand primeval stones. Pfft, it seems that Bai clan hates these two demonic rascals to the core. Hehe..." Chen Gu Master laughed at their predicament, so long as it is not his Chen family.


 What he did not know was, these two demonic rascals were near him.


 The old village head took a look at the arrest warrant, and a chill came from within his heart.


 "Gu Master’s world is really dangerous, such a beautiful youngster, is actually a criminal demonic cultivator! Let’s just hope that they are not coming to our village."


 "Alright, seeing how you’ve worked hard for all these years old Zhang, I will accede to your request." Chen Gu Master said.


 "Ah, thank you lord! Lord, I will call them here now." The old village head was overjoyed.


 Chen Gu Master waved his hand: "No need, I’m very busy. Just get them to report to Chen Xin."


 Towards two mortals, he held no interest. At the same time, he did not connect them to the arrest warrant in his hand, after all this is the Bai clan’s request, and they were thousands of li away. Chen Gu Master subconsciously felt that he at a very safe distance away.


 This was a very common thinking.


 Even on modern Earth, when murder cases happen in cities, no matter how ruthless and vile it is, other cities do not feel much danger, even if transportation is so advanced.


 Other than that, they also have a fluke mind mentality.


 In this vast world, where people lived everywhere, how would these two demonic scoundrels come to my caravan? Then I would be way too unlucky, it’s impossible!


 People always tend to think that unlucky events would not occur on themselves.


 Moreover, many people in arrest warrants are extremely vicious and cruel characters, attracting people’s attention. Two newbies like Fang and Bai, one rank three and one rank one, what could they amount to?


 Chen Xin saw the two of them but did not think of the warrant at all.


 Fang and Bai’s image had changed completely, not just the disfigured Fang Yuan, but after these days of practising, she also started to become more natural.


 Chen Xin lost interest immediately, especially Fang Yuan’s appearance made him disgusted.


 He was only rank one, while Fang Yuan rose to rank two several days ago.


 Chen Xin observed them carelessly, and did not feel any Gu Master aura, thus calling an old attendant and getting him to arrange Fang and Bai’s jobs.


 "What are your names?" The old attendant asked.


 Only at this time did someone ask for their names.


 "My name is Hei Tu, my wife is called Bai Yun." Fang Yuan casually said.


 "Female?" The old attendant frowned.


 He stared at Bai Ning Bing and looked, seeing her dark skin appearance and her dazed look, she’s called Bai Yun 1 ? This Hei Tu is also really ugly!


 "Women are trouble, you have to be more careful. If something happens, don’t blame me for not reminding you guys!" The old attendant said.


 "I know, this cart beside me is filled with purple maple leaves. My wife is staying on the cart and taking care of the goods, I do not want much interaction with other people." Fang Yuan said.


 "Hmph, good that you understand."


 The old attendant arranged a physical task for the two, to move goods, but for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, it is no issue at all, but Bai Ning Bing had to pretend and act like she was out of breath constantly, causing her mental fatigue.


 Not far away, some family servants were slacking, resting at a corner.


 Their gazes were directed towards Fang and Bai.


 "Brother Qiang, there’s two newcomers. Some people saw them bringing in their private goods! That’s an entire cart of purple maple leaves." A thin family servant said excitedly.


 Depriving newcomers, it was the ritual that the caravan old timers often did.


 Brother Qiang squatted on the ground, squinting: "I see it. Skinny monkey, go test them out."


 His body was strong as an ox, although his muscles were developed, he was not a rash person.


 In this world where Gu Masters ruled above all, the strength of a mortal is nothing spectacular. Being able to become the most important person in this small circle, he had some wits after all.


 Skinny monkey sighed, under everyone’s supervision, he got near to Fang Yuan.


 "Hey brother, where are you from? Others call me brother monkey, from now on we will be working together, I hope we can work together amicably." Skinny monkey forced out a smile.


 Fang Yuan gave him a glance, only saying a word: "Scram."


 Skinny monkey’s eyes expanded as he showed a look of rage.


 Fang Yuan did not look at him, but continued moving his goods. He had worked in the caravan in his previous life, extremely clear of such "rituals".


 In plain words, skinny monkey was testing water, using words to test out Fang Yuan’s identity, if he did not have any backing, they would work together and bully him, depriving him of some benefits.


 But the truth is, not only are humans like this, Gu Masters were the same, they just did it more elegantly.


 Moving alone and risking their lives, it included fighting with wild beasts. Moving together in groups, it was competing with their own kind.


 At places with benefits, there were conflicts. There is only so much space after all, everyone wants to live better, and have more room to themselves, what can they do?


 They can only invade other people’s spaces.


 Skinny monkey had not expected Fang Yuan to not give face, thus he was stunned at the spot, staring intently at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not give a thought about such a character. Mortals were cheap as grass, even if one or two were killed, so what?


 As long as the goods were still delivered, the Gu Masters in charge would not care.


 Even if they did, Fang Yuan had back up methods to resolve this issue.


 All in all, trying to provoke Fang Yuan, these family servants were courting death.


 "What, why are you not scramming, you want me to chase you away?" Fang Yuan gave skinny monkey a cold look again.


 Skinny monkey snorted, but did not explode in anger, instead taking his leave.


 Such a strong attitude, it caused brother Qiang to feel threatened: Did these two have some sort of background? Otherwise how could they be so arrogant? I had better check up on their backgrounds first.



***
Chapter 235: Shang Xin Ci


***





 Chapter 235: Shang Xin Ci


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The caravan travelled for the whole day, and chose a valley to camp for the night.


 The day went pretty good for the caravan as they only came across three small beast groups.


 They killed two groups and chased one away. Calculating the losses and the profits they made from killing the beast groups, they had made some profits instead.


 The setting sun dyed the clouds with colors; red, orange, grayish red, purple... there were all kinds of colors. The clouds also formed into all kinds of shapes; appearing like a roaring lion one moment, or galloping pegasus the next moment, or a blossoming sea of flowers.


 The multicolored sunlight shone upon the valley which resembled a jade-green gem. After the caravan finished all the arrangements for the night, there was a certain area in the caravan that was a cacophony of noises.


 "Come, have a look, today’s freshly slaughtered beast meat!"


 "Buttermilk, fragrant and sweet buttermilk..."


 "Only ten pieces of clothing remaining, stock clearance sale!"


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were also among the crowd.


 They dragged their handcart and occupied an area; at their left was a stall selling wild herbs and at their right was a stall selling milk.


 Bai Ning Bing was rather interested in all this as she looked all around her: "To think there would be a small bazaar like this in the caravan."


 "If there is consumption, there will be transactions, and the consumption will thus stimulate marketplaces." Fang Yuan answered.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed, these words were truly incisive.


 She looked at Fang Yuan: "Are you planning on selling these purple maple leaves?"


 Fang Yuan slightly nodded his head: "We have already entered the caravan so we can just conveniently dispose of them now. Keeping them with us will only attract the greed of some scoundrels."


 What’s more, it wasn’t easy to preserve purple maple leaves.


 They had it for just over a day, and already the purple maple leaves on Fang Yuan’s cart were showing signs of withering. And as time continued to pass, their value will only get lesser and lesser.


 Of course, Fang Yuan didn’t care about measly two primeval stones.


 However, just throwing them off wouldn’t be in accord to their current identities, and would only serve to raise suspicions.


 "The small bazaar in the caravan is divided into two types. The one we are dealing in is only the transactions between mortals and it will be held every day. Another type is the transactions between Gu Masters, which is held once a week." Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes - covered by the straw hat - slightly brightened: "It would be helpful to us if we could join the small bazaar held for Gu Masters. Shang Clan City is still a great distance away; if not anything else, we need an investigative Gu to prevent any unforeseen circumstances."


 "I have already planned this out but it’s still too early." Fang Yuan confidently smiled as he thought of a certain thing in his tusita flower.


 The two were discussing softly, when a male servant walked over while staggering.


 He was wearing shabby and torn clothes, his face filled with bloodstains; a clear resemblance to beggars. As he walked to the stall beside Fang Yuan’s, and saw the pots filled with milk, he swallowed his saliva: "Brother, could you give me some milk to drink?"


 "Go away. Don’t hinder my business!" The milk seller impatiently waved his hands.


 This male servant, helplessly, walked away towards Fang and Bai’s cart: "Two brothers...."


 He hadn’t even finished saying his sentence, when Fang Yuan walked to the front and kicked him, shouting with a vicious tone: "Screw off."


 The male servant fell down to the ground, his ragged clothes were stained by the black muddy soil. His previous wounds were stimulated by the kick, making him grimace in pain.


 He climbed up with great difficulty, and looked at Fang Yuan with hatred: "Good, I will remember this, we are all mortals, everyone has a bad day. Hmph..."


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold as he raised his feet again.


 Bam.


 This servant fell to the ground again.


 "Dare to say one more word?" Fang Yuan stared down at this servant fiercely.


 The servant gave a vicious glare at Fang Yuan as he crawled up, but he didn’t dare to squeak a word.


 However, just as he stood up, he was again met with Fang Yuan’s kick.


 "I don’t like your expression." Fang Yuan indifferently spoke with his arms crossed at his chest.


 The servant lowered his head and crawled up silently, not daring to look at Fang Yuan again. He didn’t continue begging anymore and walked far away.


 Looking at his departing figure, Bai Ning Bing asked in bewilderment: "Strange, how can there be a beggar in the caravan?"


 "This is normal. This servant must have made a mistake or his master is in bad mood today. In short, he was beaten by a Gu Master and also had his meal cancelled." Fang Yuan shrugged his shoulders, his gaze, however, coldly glanced towards a corner.


 In a corner, three to four sturdily built servants were catching new faces, bullying the newcomers.


 After noticing the situation at Fang Yuan’s, they retrieved their gazes and looked at other targets.


 Mortals had cheap lives, their status were extremely low, and their survival was as difficult as walking on steel wire. Inside the caravan, the Gu Masters could easily beat them to death and take their lives like cutting grass. Anyway, mortals like them could be replenished easily in the hamlets along the way.


 Every time the caravans came across danger, there would be large numbers of dying mortals.


 Besides these, there were also secret and almost desperate struggles between the mortals themselves. Fang Yuan had just arrived at the caravan, but two groups already wanted to find troubles for him.


 He, naturally, wasn’t afraid of these trouble, and could easily resolve them, but he would rather resolve them earlier.


 Of course, there were some mortals who lived beautiful lives.


 Most of them were those with backgrounds or were relatives and friends of Gu Masters; using this identity to do as they liked.


 After the beggar walked away, two groups of mortals approached Fang Yuan.


 The head of one group was an old man with sharp eyes. After asking Fang Yuan for the price, he immediately lowered the price to a quarter. Fang Yuan reckoned this old geezer’s identity should be the chief supervisor in charge of arranging the tasks for the servants.


 The head of another group was a woman. She was actually wearing silk clothings and her eyes gave off seductive glances. Fang Yuan immediately understood she must be a sex tool of a certain or some male Gu Masters.


 The two heads were both accompanied by a large number of people, and although they were mortals, their status were extremely evident.


 They lowered the price to a very low amount, with the intention of buying low and selling high. They had some wealth and were not like most of the servants who could not even be sure if they could get a meal that day.


 While Fang Yuan had no need for this cart of purple maple leaves, in order to match with his current identity and not let the cat out of the bag, he refused the lowered prices of these two people.


 The old man left with pleasant countenance but there was threat hidden in his tone. The woman just walked away while cursing and swearing.


 "I will sell this cart of rotten leaves to the next person that comes to bid." Just when Fang Yuan was pondering over his next action, the small bazaar suddenly went in an uproar.


 Some people excitedly cheered and shouted.


 "The kind-hearted lady of Zhang clan has arrived!"


 "Lady Zhang is compassionate and kind, she is a fairy incarnate!"


 "She is a really good person, I won’t go hungry today..."


 "What’s happening?" Bai Ning Bing surveyed the situation and saw a green image appearing through the entrance of the bazaar.


 Fang Yuan was also bewildered: What’s up with this ?


 "Lady Zhang!""Fairy Zhang!!" A group of servants flocked over to the woman, and instantly, the bazaar entrance was crowded.


 These people were mostly the ones who were punished by Gu Masters and didn’t have anything to eat now. The man who Fang Yuan kicked earlier was also among them, extending his neck and arms.


 "Don’t be in a hurry everyone, there is plenty of it, slow down." The green clothed girl said.


 Her voice was gentle and soft, and was immediately submerged in the shouts of the crowd.


 "Keep your mouths shut! Line up and come one by one. Anyone that dares to rush over or shout, will immediately be slashed by me!" Suddenly, a thunderous voice resounded within the little bazaar.


 An old but tough Gu Master appeared in everyone’s sights. And as he gazed at everyone with his ferocious gaze, the noisy little bazaar immediately went silent.


 This was the authority of a Gu Master!


 There was no one who didn’t believe he wouldn’t do what he just said. As a Gu Master, so long as their mood was bad, what was killing off two or three mortals considered?


 The crowd pushed and shoved each other, and soon lined up in a neat long row.


 In front of the queue, the green clothed girl held a basket of steamed buns and distributed them.


 The whole little bazaar was absolutely silent.


 Countless gazes looked at the green clothed girl with respect, worship and even love.


 Bai Ning Bing was curious and asked the stall owner to the side: "Who is she?"


 "What, you don’t even know of Lady Zhang Xin Ci? You should be newcomers, right?"


 "Zhang Xin Ci?" Fang Yuan asked, his brows tightly locked, "Speak up everything you know!"


 The stall owner recalled how ruthlessly Fang Yuan had kicked the servant earlier; he didn’t dare to conceal anything: "Lady Zhang is is also one of the deputy leaders of our caravan. She doesn’t have aptitude towards cultivation and is a mortal like us. However, she has a strong background in her clan, the Gu Master beside her is her bodyguard. I have lived for so long, but truthfully, I have never seen such a kind-hearted person; Lady Zhang brings some food almost every evening for the starved servants. She comes even if the weather is bad... Sigh, heaven is unfair, they prevented such a person from cultivating."


 Bai Ning Bing nodded her head and smiled, saying towards Fang Yuan: "Truly, all sorts of people exist in this world."


 Fang Yuan didn’t respond.


 Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan in confusion, and saw something wrong with Fang Yuan’s expression.


 The latter was gazing fixedly at the green clothed girl, his brows almost furrowed into a knot.


 The green clothed girl had silky jet black hair draping over her shoulders, accentuating her beauty. Her eyebrows were like thin like smoke, her eyes as clear as the moon. Her skin was snow-white, and her lips were pink and tender.


 She had no makeup on her face, looking soft and gentle. The slight smile she gave from time to time when distributing the steamed buns, was pure and innocent.


 She was wearing green clothing and had a fresh and plain aura. She was elegant like an orchid, graceful like a lotus and gentle like water. In terms of looks, she was on the same level as Bai Ning Bing, but she could be said to be once in a thousand years beauty.


 If a woman has fine appearance, they can only be considered to be good-looking, just like common beverages. Only with disposition, can they be called beautiful, like well-aged liquor.


 No doubt, this green clothed girl was an absolute beauty.


 However, no matter how beautiful you were, how moving your disposition was, they were all pointless in Fang Yuan’s eyes!


 Fang Yuan was not looking at her appearance; no matter how beautiful and what disposition one had, if you cut open their skin and flesh, they were all skeletons.


 However, he was baffled as he thought of a certain figure: "Isn’t this girl Shang Xin Ci?"


 Shang Xin Ci was one of the young masters of the Shang clan.


 Within a clan, the clan leader’s sons and daughters were all called ’young masters’. Only the heirs who are able to obtain the elders’ approval, could be called ’young clan leader’.


 With her identity as the young master of the Shang clan, Shang Xin Ci was a girl with good fortune.


 Everyone knew the Shang clan members were greedy and treacherous, but this Shang Xin Ci was the only exception. She was soft and weak, didn’t like fighting, and was very lenient; she was the worst businessman of the Shang clan.


 When she did business, she not only made frequent losses, but was also frequently cheated by others. She easily trusted others, and the crucial point was she didn’t learn after being cheated and would continue to be cheated by others.


 As the young master of the Shang clan, she was once taken as a disgrace of the Shang Clan and was someone no one thought highly of. However, considering that she possessed the bloodline of the Shang clan leader, she was not expelled from the clan.


 She didn’t discriminate mortals but instead felt strongly sympathetic towards them, giving care and assistance. Several times, she had even bought off all the slaves in auction, and was severely reprimanded by the Shang clan leader.


 However, fate was truly wonderful, in the end, she became the head of the Shang Clan!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 There’s good news and bad news. Next month, I’ll be away for around 2 weeks so there’ll be a few days of absence. Good news is, 2 chapters daily from today until end of month, should somewhat make up for it.



***
Chapter 236: Kindness will be rewarded?


***





 Chapter 236: Kindness will be rewarded?


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "But why is she here? And, why is she called Zhang Xin Ci? In my memories, she was clearly a Gu Master, why are they saying she doesn’t have cultivation aptitude and is a mortal?"


 Fang Yuan was bewildered.


 "Is she not Shang Xin Ci and is only similar in appearance? But this is too similar! No, wait a second..."


 Fang Yuan’s rummaged through his mind, and suddenly, he extracted a very old information from the depths of his memories.


 "Shang Xin Ci had a rough life. She was an illegitimate child born of Shang clan leader when he had gone out to travel. She didn’t have a father since young and had to endure being bullied. After her mother died, her life became more difficult. She was forced by her clansmen to follow the caravan and become a merchant. In the end, when she arrived at Shang Clan city, the Shang clan leader sensed her bloodline. Shang clan leader felt both surprised and happy, admitting her as his daughter in front of the public. But he still felt he owed her a lot, thus he would bear with and cover up a lot of her mistakes."


 Upon thinking this, Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened.


 "So that’s it, I understand now!"


 Combining the situation before him with the broken clues in his memories, Fang Yuan arrived at the truth.


 Many years ago, when Shang clan leader was only a young master of the Shang clan, he left his seed in Zhang clan; it was Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang clan and Zhang clan were at odds with each other since ancient times.


 When Shang Xin Ci was born, her mother didn’t dare to reveal about the Shang clan leader due to this. Thus, Shang Xin Ci was born as a disgraceful illegitimate child and took on her mother’s surname.


 This was the reason why she was still being called as Zhang Xin Ci.


 After her mother died, she was forced by the clansmen to be a merchant. And after she ended up arriving at Shang clan city, her bloodline was discovered. Her father had also become the Shang clan leader, and with such a high status, he acknowledged her in front of everybody, completely changing her fate.


 "So to say, this caravan is her first journey as a merchant!"


 Fang Yuan’s heart began to thump loudly when he realized this.


 One should know, this Shang Xin Ci was a stock that was absolutely guaranteed to increase; she was the future Shang clan leader. No one would believe it if it was said now.


 Of course, the future was prone to changes.


 Even in the original track in his memories, there were drastic changes in the world, and even the powerful Shang clan was already ruined by the time she became the clan leader.


 To Fang Yuan, waiting till she became Shang clan leader was a very long investment without any returns.


 Her value didn’t lie in the time she became the clan leader, but rather when she was acknowledge by the Shang clan leader and became one of the Shang clan’s young masters.


 As a young master, she would definitely be given responsibility over a part of the business. This was the tradition of the Shang clan to nurture the clan’s successors.


 It was exactly this point which Fang Yuan desired.


 He needed a way to dispose of the goods; a stable, favorable and safe channel.


 In his important plans after his rebirth, this was absolutely necessary.


 In the future, he would definitely open up many secret inheritances. There would be many things which he does not need, and by selling them he would be revealing their enormous worth.


 For instance, those bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu in Bai Ning Bing’s aperture currently.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing just needed one of them, at most another one for backup. If they didn’t sell them, these Gu would just die in their hands and they would even waste a lot of milk in feeding them.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had intended to temporarily use Jia Jin Sheng as a channel to dispose goods, then it would be best if he could connect to Jia Fu to nurture this channel.


 The result; destiny liked to play with people, because of being subjected to the secret of flower wine monk’s inheritance, he had no choice but to kill Jia Jin Sheng.


 "This is a gift heaven has sent to me!" Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh as his gaze towards the distant Shang Xin Ci turned bright as fire.


 Shang clan had deep foundations - at least before that violent storm which engulfed the Southern Border - it was one of the overlords of the southern border. When stolen goods were sold to them, the victims wouldn’t dare to come find trouble.


 However, because their influence was too strong, Fang Yuan is also worried about possible backstabbing.


 They belonged to righteous path on the surface, but the core of the Shang clan members were all black; this was actually quite normal.


 However, Shang Xin Ci was the exception.


 She had been tested by many changes and upheaval in the history of her hundred years. Her kindness, gentleness, benevolence and honesty were praised far and wide in Fang Yuan’s previous life, her reputation resounding all over the Southern Border.


 The most important thing was that she didn’t have any foundation.


 Different from other young masters, she would walk a solitary path after she arrived at Shang clan city. In future, she would make many mistakes, but it wasn’t because she was not intelligent, but rather because of the other young masters secret plotting to suppress their competitor.


 Fang Yuan needed her as a channel, and she also similarly needed the external help - Fang Yuan - if she wanted to live a better life in the future.


 Most importantly, she was easy to manipulate and influence! Her youth and kind nature were both ’weaknesses’ Fang Yuan could exploit.


 "Hahaha." Bai Ning Bing suddenly laughed from the side, "You took a fancy to her, right?"


 "What?" Fang Yuan’s thoughts paused.


 "Don’t pretend, we are both men, I can understand just from looking at your gaze. Anyway, this little girl is quite pleasing to the eyes, but it will be very difficult for you to obtain her. Unless I help you and find an opportunity to secretly kidnap her. As an exchange, give the Yang Gu to me first." Bai Ning Bing tried to entice Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan next sentence made her seethe in anger: " You are a man?"


 "You!"


 Things were a bit troublesome now. First of all, Fang Yuan needed to approach Shang Xin Ci, then obtain her trust. However, he didn’t have a lot of time, he must settle everything before she reaches Shang clan city.


 Bai Ning Bing’s idea of capturing her was too dumb and risky; it would just cause the situation to be even more messed up.


 Fang Yuan was very clear the reason why Shang Xin Ci could be repeatedly cheated; it was not that she was stupid, but rather she was too kind.


 In his previous life, there was a demonic path figure called ’Night Gentleman’; he was an expert thief and was as cunning as a fox.


 He had swindled Shang Xin Ci many times using the same excuse. One day, he couldn’t endure it anymore and asked: "I always tell you this, aren’t you worried I am swindling you?"


 At that time, Shang Xin Ci had replied: "You say you are unable to make ends meet, and if you aren’t able to immediately borrow some primeval stones, your family will starve to death. I know that you are most likely deceiving me, but every time you say this, I can’t bear to think that what if you were saying the truth this time? And if I didn’t lend you the money, then several lives might be lost. Although, that is not likely to happen, I don’t want to bet on it."


 When the Night Lord heard Shang Xin Ci’s reply, he couldn’t stop his tears from flowing. He was so moved by her that he fell on his knees on the spot.


 After this event, he changed from demonic to righteous, and followed Shang Xin Ci with unwavering loyalty, achieving many war exploits.


 The sun was slowly swallowed by the mountain ranges in the west and the night gradually descended.


 The long queue of people also decreased, till all the servants received food and dispersed.


 "Alright, that’s it for today. I will come again tomorr..." She hadn’t even finished speaking when a figure suddenly jumped in front of her.


 What kind of face was this!


 Eyebrows all burnt off, only a bit of hair remained and one ear less. Who was it if not Fang Yuan?


 Shang Xin Ci was startled, the maids behind her even screamed in fright.


 "What the hell are you doing?!" That tall and sturdy old Gu Master immediately shouted.


 "Lady Zhang, please buy my goods!" Fang Yuan didn’t care about this old Gu Master, and screamed towards Shang Xin Ci.


 Bai Ning Bing silently stood far away, enjoying Fang Yuan’s performance.


 "I have one steamed bun remaining, take it, okay?" Shang Xin Ci revealed a gentle smile, she didn’t feel any revulsion towards Fang Yuan, only sympathy. She tried to think of how much pain he must have experienced for such severe wounds.


 Sigh, such a pitiful person.


 Fang Yuan but threw the steamed bun on the ground: "I don’t need this, I want to sell my goods! I sold my old house and bought this cart of purple maple leaves. But I haven’t been able to sell it, the leaves will soon wither up; what meaning will my life have then? Sob sob...I don’t want to live if I can’t sell it. I should just smash my head and die!"


 He started to weep while speaking. He stamped his feet and howled, his expression carried a hint of madness and was extremely moving.


 Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck.


 "This acting skill, I really have no hope of catching up!"


 If she didn’t know about Fang Yuan, even she might have been deceived by Fang Yuan.


 She then observed the expressions and gazes of the crowd; stunned, disdainful, sympathy, indifference, but there were no suspicions.


 "Who is this man? Charging over so suddenly, scared me to death!"


 "Such greed, he actually wants Lady Zhang to buy his goods."


 "Serves him right! Does he think trading is so easy?"


 "Sigh, the buyers must have demanded a lower price. When I think of those times I encountered..."


 There were all kinds of discussions going on in the crowd.


 "Tsk, you lunatic, you actually dared to frighten our young lady, screw off this instant!" That old Gu Master’s tongue seemed to give off lightning sparks as he took a step forward and protected Shang Xin Ci behind him.


 "Lady Zhang, I don’t want to live if you don’t buy my goods! Lady Zhang, you are a good person, please buy this cart of purple maple leaves and save me." Fang Yuan wailed without ceasing.


 Shang Xin Ci’s heart softened: "Sigh, don’t cry. I will buy them, but life is the most valuable thing in our life, live properly from now and don’t give up on life so easily. Uncle Zhang Zhu, give him three primeval stones."


 "Miss..." The old Gu Master’s brows furrowed.


 "Huh, it worked?!"


 "Maybe I should do this too?"


 A commotion erupted among the stall owners.


 "Thank you lady, thank you. Lady Zhang, you are my, Hei Tu’s, savior!" Fang Yuan was greatly ecstatic and there were signs of tears on his face as he repeatedly bowed.


 The old Gu Master’s eyelids twitched, he looked at the cart behind Fang Yuan: "This cart of purple maple leaves is worth two primeval stones at most. Three is too much!"


 "Uncle Zhang Zhu..." Shang Xin Ci said with a soft voice.


 The old Gu Master heaved a deep sigh: "Miss, it isn’t that I am unwilling to part with three primeval stones. But this amount is too big for a mere servant like him. It is bound to attract those who will eye the money and scheme against him. Miss, for his own safety, we should just give him two primeval stones. Moreover, all the peddlers might come over tomorrow if you give it to him like this."


 "Uncle Zhang Zhu is correct, then please give him two primeval stones." Shang Xin Ci pondered for a while and readily agreed.


 Fang Yuan accepted the two primeval stones with trembling hands, he looked deeply at Shang Xin Ci: "Miss Zhang, you are a great person, you will definitely be rewarded!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Today’s life lesson: Kindness will be rewarded.



***
Chapter 237: Thrashing


***





 Chapter 237: Thrashing


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Many stall owners looked at Fang Yuan in envy.


 Fang Yuan put the two primeval stones he received into his pocket, and abandoning the handcart, he directly left the small bazaar with Bai Ning Bing.


 "The way I see it, we should just directly capture her. Don’t forget our current identities if you want to approach her." Bai Ning Bing murmured quietly.


 Fang and Bai were currently laborers under Chen Clan, they had relied on this identity to mix in with the caravan, but now this was undoubtedly the obstacle for Fang Yuan in approaching Shang Xin Ci.


 However, Fang Yuan had already planned for it, he looked at Bai Ning Bing and smiled: "You are right. So I will go thrash people now."


 Bai Ning Bing was stumped: "Thrash?"


 The clear night sky was studded with the bright stars.


 In a wide tent, several servants were sitting in a circle around a coal stove which had a pot on it.


 The upper part of the tent was opened, allowing the smoke from the burning coals to fly out.


 There was meat in the pot and the servants were all staring fixedly at it. Faint aroma of cooked meat began to float in the air and one could hear the occasional gulps of saliva.


 "Brother Qiang, I have made some inquiries on the details of the two newcomers." Skinny monkey said.


 "Oh, speak." The muscular servant called Brother Qiang raised his eyebrows.


 "These two were introduced by the village head of the hamlet near the Zi You mountain." Skinny monkey answered.


 "That solves it."


 "I remember that village head was originally a mortal, the vice leader wanted a strategic point and casually awakened him."


 "So they had this background..."


 The group seemed to have come upon a realization.


 "Although they have a Gu Master behind them, so what? Brother Qiang’s sister is our lord Chen Xin’s concubine!" Someone shouted.


 "These two newcomers are too bold, if they aren’t taught a lesson, wouldn’t they just climb over our head in the future?"


 "Keep quiet, we will listen to brother Qiang!" Someone else shouted.


 The tent quieted down as everyone looked towards Brother Qiang.


 Brother Qiang appeared to be hesitating. Fang and Bai had a Gu Master behind them. Even if this Gu Master was not a Chen Clan member, even if this Gu Master was an old geezer with half a foot in the coffin, he was in the end still a Gu Master....


 "Have you found out the relation these two has with that old village head?"


 Skinny monkey immediately revealed an awkward expression: "This... brother Qiang, you also know that with our identities, being able to investigate even this is already not an easy thing."


 Brother Qiang hesitated.


 "Boss, these two newcomers are too unreasonable, look at their attitudes towards the skinny monkey today? They are clearly looking down at us! They must be taught a lesson."


 "Right. That old village head was originally a mortal like us, and with some bullshit luck became a Gu Master."


 "What can we even take him as? Wasn’t he able to become a Gu Master only because our vide leader wanted to use him? He is no more than a high ranked servant."


 "Moreover, the caravan merchants always face dangers. Even if these two died, that village head wouldn’t dare to settle it with our Chen Clan!"


 The noisy discussions made Brother Qiang’s frowns even deeper.


 The skinny monkey observed the situation for a long while. He had wanted to find trouble for Fang and Bai, but was instead oppressed by Fang Yuan this morning, causing him to feel full of hatred towards the latter.


 However, he knew that he had no background and he could only rely on Brother Qiang for revenge.


 When he felt the time was right, he spoke: "For the life of me, I can’t believe what I heard earlier. A cart of purple maple leaves was actually sold for two primeval stones in the little bazaar!"


 Brother Qiang’s eyes immediately brightened.


 "What? Two primeval stones?"


 "How can it be possible, the prices weren’t lowered?"


 "Such luck! Which fool bought it?"


 Skinny monkey sneered as he spoke with disdain and envy: "Who else is there? It is that young lady from Zhang clan, a mortal but look at her luck, living a good life."


 "Damn, I recall how I had smuggled in some goods and how cheap I had to sell them. Why didn’t I have these two guys’ luck!" Brother Qiang’s eyes became bloodshot.


 He indignantly said: "We will put them in order tomorrow. Newcomers must show respect to their seniors. If they don’t understand the rules, then we will just have to properly teach them."


 "Yes, Brother Qiang."


 "We will do whatever Brother Qiang says!"


 "Brother Qiang is wise!" Skinny monkey flattered, then took out the stew with a soup ladle, "The meat stew is done. Brother Qiang, please taste it."


 The aroma of the meat assailed the nostrils; the adam apples of many servants moved as they swallowed their saliva.


 Brother Qiang licked his lips and took the soup ladle, he blew at it before bringing it closer to his mouth.


 Suddenly, the entrance curtain of the tent was lifted open.


 Fang Yuan walked inside.


 "It’s you!" The crowd of servants were stunned, the target of their long schemings had unexpectedly appeared directly in front of them!


 This made them feel at a loss and dismayed.


 Skinny monkey jumped to his feet and said with a sinister smile: "Newbie, now you know fear? It is already too late for apolo...!"


 He hadn’t finished saying his sentence when Fang Yuan indifferently raised his foot.


 Bam.


 Skinny monkey was directly kicked flying, his back smashing against the coal stove. The cooked meat stew splashed all over his body and burned him, causing him to scream tragically.


 "The meat stew!"


 "All spilled! The meat we bought with our money pooled together. It is so hard to even taste it once, this bastard!"


 "Bastard, courting death!"


 Instantly, all the servants stood up with resentment and roared as they charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan threw the two primeval stones he was holding in his hand at them.


 "Ouch!"


 Two persons were hit by the primeval stones; one covered his eyes and another covered his stomach, both screaming in pain.


 "Despicable, actually using concealed weapons!"


 "Wait a second, this is... primeval stones?!"


 The crowd that was charging over immediately slowed down when they heard this.


 Two primeval stones lying on the ground drew the servants’ gazes.


 Skinny monkey’s tragic scream also came to an abrupt stop as he stared fixedly at the primeval stones.


 Birds die for food, humans die for wealth.


 "Has this guy gone mad?"


 "Actually throwing primeval stones at people? Hmph, he must have already been scared."


 "These are primeval stones, I might not even earn one after two months of working!"


 The group of servants’ thoughts rumbled like the raging tide.


 Some started looking at Fang Yuan with a bit of hope, as if asking: Do you have more primeval stones, come smash them at me!


 "You dare to smash my eye, you are looking to die!" The servant covering the eyes, shouted as he let go of his hand.


 His right eye was already swollen and purplish, he couldn’t even open it.


 However, that didn’t hinder him from grabbing the primeval stone.


 The rest of the servants quivered and they immediately looked at the other primeval stone on the ground.


 Bam!


 Everyone of them pounced at that primeval stone, throwing everything about Fang Yuan to the back of their heads.


 Skinny monkey gritted his teeth in pain as he grabbed towards the primeval stone, quicker than others.


 "MINE, this is mine, he smashed it at me!" The other servant who had been hit roared furiously.


 "Screw off monkey, weren’t you injured? Why are you so fast!" Someone shouted with his saliva flying all over.


 "Shut your trap. Who tripped me just now, stand up!" Brother Qiang’s face was covered with dirt, he was furious.


 Suddenly, a hand appeared and pulled him.


 Who had such guts?!


 Surprised and angry, he turned his head to look, coming face to face with none other than Fang Yuan’s ugly face.


 He shouted: "How dare you grab me? Let go of your dog paw!"


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan waved his fist and punched his face.


 Brother Qiang’s nose bone instantly broke and blood started flowing madly. He felt intense dizziness and all he saw were stars spinning around.


 Fang Yuan let go of his hand and Brother Qiang fell softly to the ground.


 "My god!"


 "He punched Brother Qiang!"


 "Brother Qiang is injured, let’s attack this bastard together!!"


 The servants were stumped for a while before coming back to their senses; immediately brandishing their fists as they pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan indifferently swept his fist horizontally, sending the nearest servant flying to the side. The servant’s teeth were smashed.


 Immediately following, another servant closed at him.


 Fang Yuan aimed at his crotch and lightly kicked.


 "Ouu...!!!" This servant covered his crotch, his two eyes rolled over and immediately fainted.


 All the servants were down on the ground with few punches and kicks from Fang Yuan, the only one remaining was skinny monkey who was hiding in the corner.


 As Fang Yuan gazed at him, skinny monkey shivered and immediately fell onto the ground.


 "I surrender, I surrender. Great hero, please be magnanimous!" He begged loudly, kowtowing continuously.


 His head smashed on the ground and continued to produce muffled sounds.


 However, there was no sound of Fang Yuan’s movement.


 Skinny monkey raised his head with fear, but Fang Yuan had already left. The servants inside the tent were collapsed on the ground; some had fainted and some were moaning in pain.


 Fang Yuan walked in between the tents.


 The noise from earlier would have attracted many people. This was what Fang Yuan wanted.


 Bai Ning Bing walked over from within a dark corner: "It is just the first day and we have already beaten up working servants. This won’t be good."


 She grinned, taking joy in this disaster. However, she was even more curious of why Fang Yuan did this.


 Fang Yuan didn’t reply, walking towards the depths of this temporary camp.


 Soon, he arrived at his destination - a horse carriage. He had already inquired and knew this was where the old steward of the Chen Clan slept.


 He didn’t immediately go and knock on the carriage, but went into a dark area with no one in the vicinity. He took out the dagger he carried with him and began to slash himself.


 In the quiet surroundings, a soft sound of dagger cutting open a flesh could be heard.


 Bai Ning Bing’s brows raised when she heard it.


 She, once again, realized how ruthless and cruel Fang Yuan was; he didn’t make even a sound when he cut himself with the dagger, and from the sound of it, he seemed to be quite skilled at it. It was as if he was not cutting himself, but some wood.


 Thud thud thud....


 The carriage door was knocked continuously.


 The narrow carriage was filled with goods, along with a small bed.


 Fortunately, the old steward was short and when he curled up on the small bed, it didn’t appear to be congested.


 Thud thud thud.


 The door was knocked again.


 The old steward who had been sleeping soundly, frowned as he got up from the bed.


 Bang... bang... bang!


 The knocks were getting stronger, the old steward opened his bloodshot eyes: "Who is it?"


 "It is me, old steward." A sound came in from outside the door.


 This voice was unfamiliar but it also seemed to be a little familiar. The old steward’s brows furrowed tighter, and after a long while, he recalled this voice belonged to the newcomer that joined just this morning.


 "A newcomer actually doesn’t understand the rules! What the hell are you doing disturbing someone’s sleep in the middle of the night!?"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Guess what’s going to happen?



***
Chapter 238: Lady, save me!


***





 Chapter 238: Lady, save me!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The old steward’s anger surged to the skies, he decided to give Fang Yuan an unforgettable lesson.


 Bang, he opened the door.


 However, the scene that appeared in front of him was Fang Yuan’s injuries and blood stains.


 The old steward got quite a shock, forgetting his rage, he asked: "You, what happened? Has a beast pack raided us?"


 "No, old steward. It was those thieves that injured me, and snatched my primeval stones! Old steward, you need to seek justice for me!" Fang Yuan wiped away his tears and shouted.


 .........


 "Oww...it hurts!"


 "Has that lunatic gone away?"


 "Damn it, that lunatic is too strong!"


 The scene inside the tent was of a complete mess. The aroma of the meat stew was still there, but it could no longer be salvaged and the pot was completely smashed.


 The group of servants were slowly recovering their senses; they either had bloody noses and swollen faces, or they were drawing in gasps of cold air.


 "Son of a ... A mere newbie dares to beat us, this has gone too far!"


 "We have not even gone to find trouble with him yet he dared to find trouble with us first?!"


 "I cannot contain this anger. We cannot let this be, we must get back at him!"


 "How? Can you even beat him?"


 "Why would we beat him? We will just tell on him and let the old steward handle him. This newbie is too tyrannical, how can we still work together later?"


 "That’s right. Pass those two primeval stones he threw to me. This will be the evidence!" Brother Qiang suddenly said.


 The tent immediately quietened down, everyone knew this was just an excuse used by Brother Qiang.


 The servants who hadn’t been able to snatch the primeval stones looked at this with joy, looking at the skinny monkey and another servant.


 The two of them seemed to be mumbling, but didn’t speak; clearly, they didn’t want to hand it over.


 Brother Qiang was not stupid at all, as he said tactfully: "We are all injured, these two primeval stones are not only evidence, they are also our medical fees."


 These words resounded with the servants who wanted to have a share, as they spoke one after another.


 "Brother Qiang is right!"


 "Monkey, hand the primeval stone to Brother Qiang. Or are you thinking of becoming the boss?"


 "Brother Qiang has a deep background, only he can avenge us!"


 "Brother Qiang, we believe you..."


 Under everyone’s pressure, skinny monkey and the other servant could only purse their lips, and unwillingly hand over their primeval stone to Brother Qiang.


 As Brother Qiang received and felt the smooth, glossy primeval stones, he felt his nose didn’t hurt so much anymore.


 However, right at this moment, the entrance curtain was suddenly lifted.


 Everyone was shocked, thinking Fang Yuan had come again. But the one that was staring at the scene was the old steward.


 "Old steward, what are you doing here!"


 "Old steward, we were just going to look for you!"


 The servants were both surprised and joyous.


 The old steward’s expression, however, was not good, especially when he saw those two primeval stones on Brother Qiang’s hand, his looks turned even more gloomy.


 He reached in front of Brother Qiang in few steps, then snatched the primeval stones and gave several tight slaps to Brother Qiang.


 Brother Qiang was stupefied.


 The rest of the servants were also stupefied.


 After several moments, the group finally reacted.


 "Old steward, why are you so angry?"


 "Old steward, you, what are you doing?!"


 The old man simply walked away and lifted open the curtains: "Qiang, skinny monkey, you group of bastards, come out!"


 Then he directly walked out of the tent.


 Brother Qiang covered his face, but he didn’t dare to oppose the old steward. He restrained his anger and walked out of the tent in bewilderment.


 The rest of the servants also followed him out of the tent, when they saw Fang Yuan standing to the side; his whole body was injured and his cloth was stained with blood.


 "Old steward, they are the ones who stole my primeval stones!" Fang Yuan pointed at them and shouted with righteous indignation.


 "What the!" The servants only then reacted.


 "Brat, you dare slander us!"


 "Asshole, I will peel off your skin!!"


 The group of servants were furious and shouted one after another.


 Slap!


 A clear slap instantly suppressed the scene.


 The servant who was shouting the most, was covering his face, and involuntarily took a step back from the slap.


 The old steward looked at him darkly: "Why wouldn’t he complain, hmm? Hehe, you guys are getting more and more out of control, you even dare to snatch the primeval stones of your workmate!"


 The old steward was well aware of the bullying on newcomers, but he was glad to see that happen.


 This was a necessary process. On one hand, it would suppress the arrogance of the newcomers, making his supervision work easier; on another hand, it could also promote the harmony between the oldcomers and the newcomers.


 However, the bullying this time went too far, they directly snatched the primeval stones; what difference was there between them and the bandits?


 "Old steward, it isn’t what you are thinking...." Someone complained.


 Slap!


 Another clear slap.


 The old steward’s tone turned cold: "Did I tell you to speak?"


 "Old steward, we must speak up!"


 "Yes, we are being accused!"


 Many servants shouted, feeling wronged. We are the victims here!


 The old steward seethed in anger as he shouted fiercely: "You guys took his primeval stones and you actually dare to say you are being accused. These two primeval stones, are they his or not? Speak! Speak honestly!"


 "Yes, yes."


 "It is, but..."


 Slap slap!


 Two slaps, the two servants shut their mouths.


 The old steward pointed at them and angrily rebuked: "Okay, let’s forget about snatching the primeval stones, you actually dared to use knives! You sure have guts! Speak up, who used the knife..."


 When the servants were crippled and couldn’t work anymore, their recuperation and treatment would be expenses!


 If such matters were delayed, the target of the Gu master’s blame would be the old steward.


 "Using knife?"


 "We didn’t!"


 "Old steward, we are all experienced, who doesn’t know about this?"


 "A load of bullshit. Do you think I am blind? If you didn’t use knives, then where did his injuries come from? Are you telling me he cut himself?" The old steward continued to angrily shout.


 Bai Ning Bing thought inwardly, while looking at this scene from a dark corner not far away: Old steward, you are quite smart, you actually guessed it.


 Slap.. Slap.. Slap...


 The old steward’s anger had reached an extreme as he slapped the servants one after another.


 Every servants received few slaps; none dare to speak up in fear of the old steward’s authority.


 They could only clench their fists in anger. The veins in their forehead out and cracking noises were emitted from their teeth grinding. They were all filled with stuffed feeling with nowhere to vent it on.


 "Get back to the tent, I will settle the accounts with you tomorrow." The old steward’s hands were already numb from the slapping; as he was old, he was having trouble breathing but his anger had also mostly dissipated.


 The servants didn’t dare to go against this order, but before leaving all of them angrily looked at Fang Yuan, engraving his image in the depths of their hearts.


 The old steward walked towards Fang Yuan and gave him the primeval stones, saying with an annoyed tone: "You got your primeval stones back, don’t lose them again. I won’t give a damn if you lose them again!"


 Fang Yuan was sniffing and weeping, he seemed to be both moved and afraid: "Old steward, please safeguard these two primeval stones for me. I am afraid they will be snatched."


 Old steward was speechless for a while, before feeling a rush of excitement. Merchants were always be in danger, maybe one day Fang Yuan would be swallowed by the wild beasts, wouldn’t these two primeval stones be his then?


 "Alright, I will take it upon myself to safeguard them for you." The old steward said.


 "Thank you old steward, you truly are a good person." Fang Yuan repeatedly bowed and kept on expressing his thanks.


 "Alright, alright, I am tired, you should go rest too." The old steward waved his hand and impatiently walked away. As for where Fang Yuan slept, it wasn’t his concern.


 "This Hei Tu is truly stupid." The old steward sneered inwardly.


 After everyone left, Fang Yuan’s expression turned back to normal.


 "The wounds on your body are still bleeding, aren’t you going to treat them?" Bai Ning Bing came over.


 "I still have use for them, let’s go." Fang Yuan smiled.


 ...


 Inside a tent, oil lamps were lit.


 Shang Xin Ci was holding a book, when suddenly her brows slightly furrowed: "Xiao Die, did you hear that? It seemed like someone is crying for help?"


 The servant girl called Xiao Die, was dozing off with her head slowly moving up and down. It wouldn’t be okay if she slept before the young lady.


 Right now, she was startled awake. She leaned her ears to listen and immediately said: "Wah, someone is crying for help..."


 "Who is crying so late in the night? Why is it you again!" Shang Xin Ci’s bodyguard Gu Master Zhang Zhu walked out and saw Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was slumped on the ground; snot and tears falling down.


 "Get lost. I will kill you if you don’t get lost right this moment!" Zhang Zhu shouted, he didn’t have good impression of Fang Yuan.


 "Uncle Zhang Zhu..." At this time, Shang Xin Ci and the servant girl walked out.


 "How come it is you again, are you haunting us?!" The servant girl’s eyes were wide open when she saw Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan ignored them and only looked at Shang Xin Ci: "Zhang clan lady, my life has been harmed by you and only you can save me!"


 "Tsk, you lunatic, what nonsense are you saying!" Zhang Zhu angrily shouted.


 "Our young lady is very kind hearted, how could she harm you? Lady, let’s go, don’t pay attention to this lunatic." The servant girl chided Fang Yuan.


 Shang Xin Ci’s nature was such that she could never see other’s suffering and helplessness.


 Fang Yuan’s blood soaked and wounded body had already won her sympathy. Now, with his words, if Shang Xin Ci didn’t get involved, she would definitely not be able to have a good sleep.


 "You say you were harmed by me? What do you mean? Uncle Zhang Zhu, I have to trouble you to heal him first." Shang Xin Ci said.


 Although Zhang Zhu was not willing, he could only do as she said. He pushed his hands, a white ball of light entered Fang Yuan’s body; the bleeding immediately stopped and the wounds were gradually closing up.


 Fang Yuan said: "It was those two primeval stones, the others were envious of it and snatched my primeval stones. I can’t fight them and could only ask the old steward to uphold justice. They have returned the primeval stones, but threatened that they will teach me a lesson and make my life worse than death!"


 "So, it was like that." Shang Xin Ci sighed when she heard this.


 "You reap what you sow. Lady, we shouldn’t get involved with him. He clearly brought this upon himself, selling at such a high price, did he think everything would be fine?" Xiao Die rolled her eyes, showing her displeasure at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan continued: "I have discussed it with my companion, we can only rely on Lady Zhang. Otherwise, we will be killed by them, two lives will be lost!"


 "It won’t go as far as killing..." Shang Xin Ci comforted Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan interrupted her: "Lady, you don’t know how dark it is here. They will plot against me during the beasts attacks. Maybe one day, I will be eaten by the wild beasts, but actually it was manipulated by them behind the scenes. Lady, I beg you to take us in your shelter, please save us!"


 Shang Xin Ci hesitated, but she finally couldn’t bring herself to reject him, "Alright, I will temporarily take you guys in."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Please save Fang Yuan from the thugs.



***
Chapter 239: Fei Hou mountain


***





 Chapter 239: Fei Hou mountain


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Miss, you can’t." Zhang Zhu immediately said.


 "Miss, our Zhang Clan’s group here has the least power in the whole caravan. If we take him in, no doubt we will offend another force. It’s not worth doing it for just two insignificant servants. Miss, even if not for yourself, think about our Zhang clan’s group here, or just think of those with you." Zhang Zhu persuaded.


 "This...." Shang Xin Ci was placed in a dilemma and couldn’t make a decision.


 "What difficulty is there? Lady Zhang, I am only a hired hand of Chen family and am not their servant. Lady, if you are still feeling troubled, I have a way to solve it. You can tell the Chen clansmen that I and my companion offended you, and you want to punish us so you are imprisoning us. Chen clan definitely won’t offend you for us two mortals." Fang Yuan said.


 "That is a good idea!" Shang Xin Ci’s gaze brightened.


 "Miss...." Zhang Zhu gave a helpless sigh, knowing he couldn’t persuade her anymore.


 Fang Yuan immediately crawled up with a stick and bowed at Shang Xin Ci: "Miss Zhang, you are a good person. I will definitely repay you in the future!"


 Shang Xin Ci shook her head: "I don’t need you to repay me. I will definitely help those who need my help to the best of my ability. Sleep in my camp tonight. Xiao Die, arrange a tent for them."


 "Yes, missy." Xiao Die answered, unwillingly.


 "Follow me. Don’t blame me if you get lost." Xiao Die didn’t show Fang Yuan any hospitality, but led the way anyway.


 Zhang Zhu’s brows furrowed deeper as he looked at Fang and Bai’s leaving figures.


 He didn’t like these two from the depths of his heart, and at the same time he had to think of Shang Xin Ci’s safety as her bodyguard.


 He decided to personally handle this matter.


 This was a small tent with not much space inside.


 However, Fang and Bai didn’t care. They had treated even the beast trapping trees as tents, much less this environment which was much better.


 The two laid down in the dark tent.


 Fang Yuan clasped his hands with Bai Ning Bing’s: "Everything will be okay, Bai Yun."


 Bai Ning Bing rolled her eyes, she knew Fang Yuan’s true intention. In the darkness, she transferred a portion of her snow silver primeval essence to Fang Yuan through her palm.


 "Sleep early, luckily we met such a good person like Lady Zhang." Fang Yuan closed his eyes the moment he finished saying this, and began cultivating secretly.


 He was already rank two now; his primeval sea filled with red steel primeval essence. Although he could already use four flavors liquor worm, Bai Ning Bing’s snow silver primeval essence was no doubt much better.


 To Fang Yuan, four flavors liquor worm had already lost its use with Bai Ning Bing here.


 Snow silver primeval essence cleaned and refined the aperture, rapidly increasing Fang Yuan’s accumulation. He didn’t need to worry about his aura leaking out with the breath concealing Gu.


 His disguise wasn’t likely to be broken unless he used the Gu worms outside of his body.


 At present, breath concealing Gu had yet to truly walk onto the world stage. In his previous life, only after a hundred and fifty years, it was made popular by the hunting king Sun Gan. Within fifty years after that, in that great war that affected the whole Southern Border, breath concealing Gu was widely used and took the limelight.


 In other words, according to Fang Yuan’s previous life, mankind would be conscious of guarding against the breath concealing Gu only after one hundred and fifty years. And after two hundred years, they would have methods and experience to respond against the breath concealing Gu.


 Breath concealing Gu was a rank three Gu, this caravan didn’t have a rank four Gu Master and although there were many Gu Masters, why would they especially pay attention to ’Hei Tu’ and ’Bai Yun’, two ordinary people?


 Fang Yuan immediately activated crocodile strength Gu after the portion of snow silver primeval essence was used up.


 Bits of new strength was permanently added to his body. His skeleton was no longer white, but was like firm black iron. It was like a firm cornerstone, stably supporting the continuous increase in strength.


 The night passed quietly.


 The next day, at the crack of dawn when the sun had just risen, the whole camp was awake.


 After a period of hustling and bustling, the caravan resumed its journey.


 Zhang Zhu didn’t go directly to Chen clan, but rather made secret inquiries through his subordinates first.


 There was indeed a fight yesterday night, and many had witnessed it.


 As for Brother Qiang and his group, they had covered up the fact that Fang Yuan had beat them up; if it were to be known that so many of them couldn’t beat one Fang Yuan, they would lose all their face! How would they be able to go around then?


 In fact, they had gone through everything yesterday and strung up false statements which they all agreed to; saying ’they bullied the newcomer and Fang Yuan offered them primeval stones, but later he was indignant and looked for the old steward’.


 After confirming the fight really happened, Zhang Zhu set out and found Chen clan’s head in the caravan.


 This vice leader couldn’t help but ponder when he heard his two mortal subordinates offended Zhang Xin Ci and were detained.


 Although he wouldn’t offend Zhang Clan because of two mortals, if he just readily compromised, Chen Clan’s prestige could fall. Moreover, he had some close people among the servants.


 Thereupon, he inquired which two servants they were.


 Chen clan’s vice leader was slightly surprised when he heard Zhang Zhu’s answer. He had some impressions of these two, he had let them enter because of the old village head’s request. But to think, they had screwed up on their first day.


 According to him, Fang and Bai should be the old village head’s relatives, but so what?


 The old village head was someone he enlightened and was someone under his control. Giving up these two would not mean anything to him. Moreover, they were the ones who had commited crimes, bringing troubles upon Chen Clan, even death would not be sufficient punishment.


 As he thought of this, the vice leader had already decided to give up these two to resolve the conflict with Zhang Clan.


 However, he put on a difficult expression: "Brother Zhang, I won’t conceal from you, our Chen Clan might not have enough manpower if you take those two. We can’t make our Gu Masters work and move the goods, right? How about this, I will call my steward over. He understands the situation, if there really is a scarcity in manpower, we might not be able to hand those two to you at the moment. We will temporarily keep them here and hand them to your Zhang Clan to deal with after we get new workers in the next village."


 "That works." Zhang Zhu nodded his head.


 Vice leader couldn’t help but reveal a smile. Like this, there wouldn’t be any gossips and rumors saying Chen Clan was afraid of Zhang Clan.


 The old steward was somewhat nervous when he was called over: Did I make some mistake?


 However, when he was clear of the situation, he suddenly felt alive.


 This was a heaven sent opportunity!


 These two are really out of luck, falling into Zhang Clan’s hands. Die, both of you die, then those two primeval stones would be mine.


 Thinking of this, the old steward immediately slapped his chest and guaranteed that there were no issues with the manpower.


 Even if there were to be some issues, he was determined to stake out his weary aged body to personally move goods, for those two primeval stones!


 Now, the dust had already settled regarding this matter.


 Zhang Zhu bade his farewell; his heart, however, felt stuffed.


 In the coming dozen or so days, Fang and Bai worked during the day and cultivated during night.


 The caravan had already left Zi You mountain far behind and was now in Fei Hou mountain region.


 Fang Yuan knew the farther they were from Zi You mountain, more concealed his identity would be and thus, more safety.


 Through these few days of cultivating, he had gained half a crocodile’s strength. Unfortunately, a lot of bone spear Gu had starved to death; the amount of milk spring on him was less than sufficient, he could only give up some to feed the remaining Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan felt heartache due to this. Although he wouldn’t use these Gu, they could have been sold.


 He planned to purchase a set of Gu worms in the Shang clan city. This required a great amount of primeval stones. He could use the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus to produce dozens of primeval stones daily, but he couldn’t use it in the caravan so as to prevent his identity from being revealed.


 Hence, he needed to get Shang Xin Ci in his grasp even more.


 She would become one of the young masters once they reached Shang Clan, this would make Fang Yuan’s trip in Shang clan city extremely convenient.


 Of course, the premise was that he not only needed to get close to Shang Xin Ci, but also gain her trust.


 The forest in the mountain was dark and mysterious with fog lingering around the air.


 The caravan slowly moved through the narrow mountain passage, and as they travelled further, the fog became denser, the range of their sights shrunk till they could only see within ten steps.


 Fei Hou mountain was covered with fog, Fang and Bai would need to go through great troubles if they had travelled by themselves. However, they were in a caravan now, and there naturally were investigative Gu Masters.


 Suddenly, there was some sort of clamor in front of them; the caravan stopped.


 "What’s happening?"


 "There is trouble."


 "Monkey groups are blocking our path!"


 In moments, most of the people in the caravan began discussing, but none of them were surprised.


 Fei Hou mountain was ruled by monkeys, there were too many monkeys to count. Caravans passing through this place, would be blocked by the monkey groups and robbed. Anyone who had some experience and knowledge, would not feel surprised at this.


 "Monkeys of the Fei Hou mountain? Hehe, I have read about them in the books... to think I could personally see them today." Bai Ning Bing softly said with a hint of excitement.


 Initially, when the caravans had first passed through Fei Hou mountain, they had a huge fight with the monkey groups, they killed waves after waves of monkeys but the monkey groups appeared again and again. Finally, the caravans were either annihilated or had to retreat in defeat.


 Fei Hou mountain was once known as a forbidden and unpassable land for merchants.


 If it were other mountain ranges, the different wild beasts kept each other in check, and there would be a gap to pass through. However, there were only bandit monkeys in Fei Hou mountain. They lived together, and although there were fights between monkey groups, all the bandit monkeys would unite if they came across an external enemy.


 Such strength was not something a caravan could rival.


 Even a large scale clan might not be able to purge all these monkey groups.


 This was until the ’Sky Crown Marquis’ appeared.


 This was a rank five Gu Master of the righteous path. He travelled deep into Fei Hou mountain until he reached the peak, and using a monkey language Gu, he came to an agreement with the monkey emperor.


 Everything changed thereafter.


 A trade route opened through Fei Hou mountain for the first time.


 Now, this trade route was one of the three most important trade routes of Southern Border, connecting east and west, its importance was self-evident.


 "These damn monkeys appeared again. They are blocking up our path, you all know the rules. I will tell you bluntly, anyone who breaks the rules and implicates us, my Jia clan will not let them off!" The caravan leader shouted, coldly.


 "Of course."


 "Brother Jia Long is right, everything should be done according to the rules."


 "Anyone that wants to take advantage will be driven out of the caravan!"


 Other vice leaders went along with Jia Long.



***
Chapter 240: Arm Wrestling


***





 Chapter 240: Arm Wrestling


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bandit monkeys were very strong and were as big as an elephant. Mature bandit monkey could reach ten meters of height and had bulging muscles all over their body. Their arms were over two times thicker than their legs and their tails were like iron rods, capable of pulverizing rocks.


 The fur of bandit monkeys were golden with black tiger stripes covering their body. What was peculiar was the fur from their waist grew out naturally to cover the crotch and the butt area, just like a leather skirt.


 Howl!


 The monkey king of this bandit monkey group, suddenly opened its large mouth and gave a loud howl.


 Its howl were as forceful as lions and tigers.


 Houuuuuuuuu!


 The monkey king’s howl was answered by the other monkeys.


 The howls created soundwaves which engulfed the surroundings, scattering the winds and clouds along with the dense white fog.


 Within seconds, everyone’s sights broadened and only then did they realize both sides of the passageway were filled with bandit monkeys; over a thousand bandit monkeys had surrounded the caravan.


 They were enormous, the same size as the trees. Some young trees could only reach upto their waists.


 In front of the caravan was the monkey king who had an even larger physique, and was boldly sitting on a stone bench. A gray stone wine jar that was as big as a water tank, was lying on its side, giving off a dense fragrance of alcohol.


 The monkey king stopped after howling once, but the other bandit monkeys were still howling without stop.


 This instead enhanced the monkey king’s majesty.


 Its eyes were sharp and bright, its gaze tranquil as it sat there without moving. In contrast, those ordinary bandit monkeys were getting restless as they stared at the caravan’s goods, itching to have a go.


 Wild beasts like monkey, fox and wolves possessed intelligence.


 This bandit monkey king’s intelligence might only be equal to three year old child and wasn’t at the level of cunning lightning wolf, but it was enough for it communicate.


 The leader of the caravan, Jia Long, narrowed his eyes at the monkey king and suddenly said: "Jia Yong, go."


 "Yes, chief." Jia Yong stood up.


 He was tall and fat, especially with his bulging stomach, but he was actually rather robust.


 He was defensive Gu Master and his lifebound Gu was water armor Gu. He was a rank two Gu Master and was specialized in fighting in water. Once, when he was swimming in a river, he luckily encountered a boat-sized tortoise and killed it, obtaining a tortoise strength Gu from its body. After he used it, he was able to permanently gain the strength of a tortoise.


 The monkey groups howled even more fiercely when they saw Jia Yong coming closer, their voices shaking the whole forest.


 Jia Yong had a solemn expression as he lifted his sleeves and stood in front of the monkey king.


 The monkey king was enormous and even while sitting, it was still taller than Jia Yong by a head.


 It looked at Jia Yong and howled; several bandit monkeys immediately brought a stone table while panting hard.


 The stone table was as large as a bed and was extremely heavy, producing a muffled sound as it landed on the ground.


 Another two bandit monkeys came over and moved a stone stool, placing it in front of the monkey king.


 The monkey king slammed at the stone table, the sounds produced was as if he had beaten a large drum.


 Jia Yong gulped a mouthful of saliva and sat down. He placed his right elbow on the table and extended his forearm.


 The monkey king similarly extended his left hand; two palms tightly grasped each other.


 Beside the table was an elderly female bandit monkey who suddenly shouted.


 Jia Yong and the monkey king heard the signal and immediately put strength in their arms, starting this uncommon style of strength contest.


 Bandit monkeys respected strength and arm wrestling was their main social activity. Young monkeys could arm wrestle immediately after being born. Arm wrestling was not only a game for bandit monkeys, it was also commonly used method to resolve disputes.


 In the past, the righteous Gu Master Sky Crown Marquis was only a rank five Gu Master, he naturally wasn’t able to slaughter the mountain with this strength. It was this armwrestling custom of the bandit monkeys he used to reach the peak of the bandit monkey mountain and win against the monkey emperor. He was then able to obtain the monkey groups’ approval and came to an agreement, opening the trade route.


 From then on, any caravans that were passing through Fei Hou mountain would follow this agreement and arm wrestle with the bandit monkeys.


 If they won, they would obtain the bandit monkeys’ approval and be able to pass without paying the toll. If they lost, they would have to let the monkey group take a portion of their goods.


 With this, the caravans could carry out their business and the bandit monkeys were also happy to be able to get benefits.


 As the years went by and the caravans abided by the agreement, the trade route began to gradually flourish, and the agreement also gradually stabilized.


 Jia Yong, sitting opposite the monkey king, was flushed red, his expression was twisted as he was already using all his strength.


 However, he still couldn’t resist the monkey king’s strength, and his arm began to gradually incline to the side until finally the monkey king’s arm slammed Jia Yong’s arm to the table.


 Victory!


 Monkey king stood up and excitedly beat his chest with his fists.


 The rest of the monkeys were howling and screeching; the noise was frightening.


 Jia Yong walked back to the caravan with his head lowered. The bandit monkeys teased and taunted him while he was walking back - some lifted their leather skirt, showing their butts at Jia Yong; some made faces; and some shook their fingers at him.


 "To think there would be a day where I am ridiculed by a bunch of beasts..." Jia Yong gave a helpless sigh with a bitter smile on his face.


 Jia Long showed no expression, and just raised his hand.


 Jia Clan’s troops began to move forward, the monkeys flocked towards them and began to wantonly take goods from the wagons.


 Jia Clan had already made careful considerations; they covered the high quality coal stones with a layer of colorful and gorgeous silk and thin fabric. The monkeys were all attracted by these colorful cloth, and let go of the more valuable ash-grey high quality coal stones.


 The monkeys were very happy with their choices, playing around with the cloths. Many wrapped the cloth around their arms, waists and even draped the cloth over their shoulders; the whole scene was noisy and chaotic.


 "Where is Jia Ping?" Jia Long shouted with a heavy voice.


 Jia Ping slowly walked out, his body was starkly in contrast to Jia Yong, he was thin as stick and looked extremely fragile.


 "I will avenge you." He patted Jia Yong’s shoulder as he walked past him.


 "This will naturally be easily over with Brother Jia Ping making a move." Jia Yong cupped his hands and gave a forced smile.


 Jia clansmen let out a breath of relief upon seeing Jia Ping moving out; their expressions clearly easing up.


 The bandit monkeys let out odd yells when they saw Jia Ping’s physique, their gazes filled with contempt and disdain.


 Monkey King was already sitting down, he indifferently lifted the wine jar and drank a mouthful of monkey wine.


 "They are indeed animals, judging people by appearances." Jia Long sneered.


 Jia Ping looked weak, but actually possessed strength of two bears. It was just that he used tendon coiling Gu which intertwined his whole muscles and tendons just like tree roots, and thus compressing his muscles.


 Jia Ping sat down and stretched his arm.


 His arm wasn’t even a quarter of the monkey king’s arm. However, after they started, the deadlock only lasted a moment before the monkey king was defeated.


 Instantly, the howls and screeches of the monkeys stopped.


 The monkey king’s eyes were opened as wide as saucers, revealing an incredulous expression.


 Jia Long chuckled and waved his hand, signalling the troop to continue moving.


 The monkeys that were blocking the path automatically made a way and didn’t make any moves. When a portion of Jia clan’s troops moved forward, the monkeys howled and again blocked the path.


 The monkey king wasn’t convinced in its loss as it slammed the stone table and challenged Jia Ping.


 Jia Ping had a smile on his face as he gained another victory.


 "Everyone, I am going to move first." Jia Long cupped his hands and after calling out to the others, the Jia clan’s troops and wagons passed through the checkpoint.


 "Alright, next it is my Lin Clan’s turn. Lin Dong!" Lin clan’s vice leader shouted.


 The others didn’t argue, they had already discussed the order of the caravan.


 Time continued to pass and parts of the caravan had also moved forward.


 To pass through the Fei Hou mountain and decrease the losses to the minimum, all the great clans nurtured a lot of specific Gu Masters.


 Ox strength, Tiger strength, Elephant strength, Python strength, Horse strength... the Gu Masters possessing these went to compete, each showing their talents; some lost and some won.


 Most of the people had passed through the checkpoint. Finally, it was Zhang Clan’s turn.


 Zhang Zhu didn’t look good, he was a healing Gu Master and wasn’t good at strength aspect.


 Moreover, when arm wrestling with the monkey king, one could only use their strength and not the Gu worms. If they were discovered to have cheated by using Gu worms, they would be attacked and killed by the monkey groups.


 The troops Zhang clan brought in this caravan didn’t have any other Gu Masters except him, a rank three Gu Master. Thus, they were the weakest in strength in the whole caravan.


 Shang Xin Ci did not have an easy life in Zhang Clan, and was shunted aside for being an illegitimate child. The situation had become worse after her mother died of illness.


 In light of her mother’s will, Shang Xin Ci sold the family assets and organized this caravan.


 Most of Zhang Clan’s people looked forward to this disgrace of the clan dying outside. Thus, they didn’t send any Gu Masters to reinforce her.


 "Uncle Zhang Zhu doesn’t need to worry too much, they are nothing more than goods, it is okay as long as people are safe." Shang Xin Ci had a delicate heart, she softly consoled Zhang Zhu when she noticed his expression.


 "The only one remaining is Zhang Clan."


 "Tsk, tsk no need to watch, they are sure to lose. I am quite familiar with that Zhang Zhu."


 "It is said that Zhang Clan’s girl organized this merchant group by herself. Hence, there is only Zhang Zhu to put up a front.


 Many Gu Master stood behind the checkpoint, waiting to see a good show.


 They had all, more or less, lost some goods, their mood were naturally not too good.


 Comparison produces happiness, the unlucky people often felt relieved by seeing a more unlucky person.


 Many were looking at Zhang Clan, trying to find comfort in their hearts.


 "Goods can be lost, only lives are truly important. Uncle Zhang Zhu, you don’t need to go, we will just let these monkey groups take the goods." Shang Xin Ci said.


 " Sigh , miss, you don’t know. We can’t pass through without competing, these monkeys are very obstinate, we must arm wrestle. Miss, we can lose but we can’t let others belittle us. I will go!" Zhang Zhu cupped his hands and forced himself to walk out.


 "Wait, wait!" Right at this time, Fang Yuan walked out of the crowd.


 "Miss Zhang, you are my benefactor. Let me be the one to go." He cupped his hands and said to Shang Xin Ci.


 "You?" The servant girl Xiao Die rolled her eyes, "You are not a Gu Master, don’t add trouble at this time of crisis!"


 Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Hei Tu, I have received your intention. This isn’t a joke, the monkey king has great strength, didn’t you see some of those Gu Masters’ arms fractured?"


 "Miss, even if my arms fracture, I will repay you." Fang Yuan persevered.


 "You, how can you be like this, not knowing your limitations. If your arm gets fractured, wouldn’t it be my missy who has to waste time healing you?" Xiao Die waved her hand in disgust, "Don’t stir trouble."


 "Lady Zhang, you don’t know, I have always had extraordinary strength since young, even adults didn’t have as much strength as me when I was a kid. I must go this time!" Fang Yuan then turned and walked towards the monkey king.


 "Hei Tu!" Shang Xin Ci wanted to stop him, but was stopped by Zhang Zhu.


 "Miss, he is not a moron, he definitely has some confidence. Sometimes, we need to believe in others." Zhang Zhu persuaded.


 In fact, he had no faith in Fang Yuan. He only thought this would teach a good lesson to these mortals who had brought him trouble.


 "Eh, look, Zhang Clan actually sent out a servant!"


 "Haha, Zhang Clan has no people left, they are sending out a servant to lose face?"


 Fang Yuan’s figure soon attracted the attention of the others.



***
Chapter 241: Huang Jin mountain


***





 Chapter 241: Huang Jin mountain


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "It is him, hehe, heaven has opened its eyes." Brother Qiang and his group’s gazes turned bright with excitement upon Fang Yuan’s figure.


 "I can’t wait to see his arm break."


 "Lady Zhang is kind, he wasn’t put to execution even after offending the Zhang Clan. It turns out they were waiting to send him here."


 Fang Yuan walked slowly towards the stone table and directly sat down.


 The monkey king gazed at him, then stretched its arm.


 The two sides clasped their palms together and began the contest under countless gazes.


 The monkey king exerted its strength, but Fang Yuan’s arm was like it was made from steel and didn’t budge even a little.


 The monkey king’s pupils shrunk, revealing a hint of astonishment; this was the strongest human it had met in its life!


 Fang Yuan inwardly laughed: I could defeat this monkey king even when I only possessed strength of two boars, let alone now when my strength has increased by half of a crocodile’s strength.


 The monkey king had already gone through many rounds before and it was already lacking in strength now. One could say, this situation was of an absolute victory to Fang Yuan.


 "This monkey king doesn’t have enormous strength. Before, those Gu Masters who possessed strength of a bear or strength of a horse had ended up losing to it, it wasn’t because their strength was inferior to the monkey king’s, but rather because they couldn’t bring out all their strength in arm wrestling."


 In fact, all strength type Gu like bear strength, horse strength, rabbit strength, fish strength, tortoise strength, crocodile strength, were different.


 This difference wasn’t only in the amount of their strength, but was more on their fields of expertise..


 Bear strength for smacking, horse strength for galloping, rabbit strength for jumping, tortoise strength for endurance, crocodile strength for biting. They each had their own fields of expertise.


 In other words, in certain situations, some types of powers could be utilized to their maximum effects.


 As for arm wrestling, it focused on the strength of arms.


 The bandit monkeys were experts regarding this. One could tell just from looking at their physique, with their upper limbs being over two time thicker than their lower limbs. They could arm wrestle from their birth, possessing the foundation of strength training.


 If the armwrestling was change to another form of contest, many of the defeated Gu Masters might be able to win against the bandit monkey king.


 From this, one could derive that every power possessed their own unique points, and they couldn’t simply be differentiated by looking at the amount of their strength.


 "Take humans for example, a punch would definitely be weaker than a kick. Under normal condition, a person cannot use all their strength. I have strength of two boars, half of a crocodile’s strength and my own strength, but it is impossible for my arm wrestling strength to match theirs. Of course, concentrating all of one’s strength in one movement is not impossible. One would need that legendary Gu worm..."


 Fang Yuan couldn’t display his true strength in arm wrestling, but he was someone with very deep foundations, and could guarantee his victory.


 However, he couldn’t make it blatantly obvious. Hence, he intentionally revealed a strained expression, his arms shaking as he maintained the deadlock with the monkey king.


 Slowly, his arm pushed down on monkey king’s.


 When the contest ended, almost everyone was stumped.


 "He actually won!"


 "This guy has innate divine strength!"


 The human groups were in an uproar, their surprised gasps spreading to others.


 "Inquire about this guy. We need to immediately recruit him if possible!" The heads of main clans felt a rush of excitement.


 Compared to the Gu Masters who they could only nurture after investing large amounts of funds, Fang Yuan’s quality to price ratio was much higher.


 They could use him without any investment, and bring in profits for their caravan.


 "Zhang Clan’s luck is good, picking up such a treasure." Instantly, many Gu Masters’ gazes towards the Zhang Clan contained some envy.


 "No wonder we couldn’t beat him!" Brother Qiang and his group were speechless.


 "This is a monster."


 "Now that I think of it, I am really lucky to not have been beaten to death by him."


 As this group of servants thought back, they were immediately filled with afterfear.


 They had previously still been looking to take revenge against Fang Yuan, but now looking at this sight, all their hopes of revenge were gone. On the contrary, they became worried that Fang Yuan would look for trouble for them in future.


 Chen Clan’s old steward’s expression looked ugly.


 "To think this idiot actually had such brute strength. What bad luck... now if only the vice leader doesn’t blame me..." He cautiously glanced at the Clen Clan’s vice leader.


 Chen Clan’s vice leader was frowning, he was thinking of much more.


 He started to doubt Zhang Clan’s intention. Was demanding for those two a trap? Did they see this servant’s worth and intentionally kept him, then came to demand for them?


 The more he thought, the more reasonable he felt his thoughts were; he couldn’t help snorting coldly. Anyone who felt he was played with and cheated, wouldn’t have a good mood.


 But the mistake was already done, he could only pinch his nose and endure this bad luck.


 "Am I seeing things?" The servant girl Xiao Die covered her mouth; she was speechless at this result.


 Worry disappeared from Shang Xin Ci’s face, and was replaced by a smile.


 "Let’s go." Zhang Zhu waved at the troops to move ahead with a complex look on his eyes.


 Fang Yuan won, allowing Zhang clan’s caravan to pass through this checkpoint.


 Fang Yuan won two rounds straight; the Zhang clan’s caravan were able to pass through most of the path. At the third round, Fang Yuan intentionally lost to keep up his disguise, resulting in many goods being taken out of Zhang clan’s wagons.


 Even so, Fang Yuan’s performance was enough to make others see him in a whole new light.


 He received a warm welcome back at the caravan.


 "Lady Zhang, I have finished my mission." He cupped his hands to Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes shone as she sized up Fang Yuan again, and said with a gentle voice: "My mother said to never judge people by their appearances, and Hei Tu, you have given me a live example. I am really thankful to you, this is one hundred and fifty primeval stones as my thanks to you."


 "One hundred and fifty primeval stones?" The servant girl Xiao Die was startled, "Miss, what are you doing giving him so much!?"


 Fang Yuan backed a step and righteously declined: "Lady, I did it to repay your kindness and not for these primeval stones. Please take them back, I can’t take this reward."


 Xiao Die immediately agreed: "Miss, look he doesn’t want it, it is better if you put it away."


 Shang Xin Ci, however, insisted: "This isn’t a reward, but a gift of thanks, my thanks to you."


 Fang Yuan showed a righteous expression and said with a solemn tone: "Let alone this one hundred and fifty primeval stones, even if it was one thousand primeval stones, I don’t want them. Lady Zhang, I may only be a mortal, but please don’t humiliate me!"


 "This..." Shang Xin Ci was helpless against such remark and could only put the primeval stones back.


 "Hmph, you know how to be tactful." Xiao Die quirked her mouth.


 Zhang Zhu remained silent, his gaze turning more complicated.


 "The favor of repaying life is hard to repay. Please let me use my strength for you." Fang Yuan cupped his hands.


 There were numerous monkey groups in bandit monkey mountain and every so often along the trade route, there would be some monkey groups who would occupy the area and set a checkpoint.


 Fang Yuan repeatedly went to compete with them, and under his deliberate performance, he lost some and won some.


 Caravans moved and stopped continuously, spending over twenty days in bandit monkey mountain before they got out of this tall mountain.


 The goods in the caravans had decreased by almost half by now. The mood couldn’t help being low.


 Zhang Clan was the only one that was happy.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s strength, their losses were far less than their previous estimations.


 Fang Yuan became famous and a many clans sent their servants to visit him.


 They all wanted to recruit Fang Yuan and gave attractive terms, but Fang Yuan refused all of them and stayed with Zhang Clan.


 "You have some conscience, kid. You didn’t waste missy’s kindness." Xiao Die’s attitude towards Fang Yuan had changed.


 This servant girl said whatever she thought and wasn’t shrewd, but whatever her attitude is, it was never in Fang Yuan’s considerations. Fang Yuan only cared about Shang Xin Ci and her guard Zhang Zhu.


 Shang Xin Ci was gentle and kind, but also very smart. The Gu Master Zhang Zhu was very experienced and prudent.


 Fang Yuan even felt that Zhang Zhu was already beginning to suspect him.


 In private, Bai Ning Bing also reminded Fang Yuan: "Refusing that hundred and fifty primeval stones was a mistake. With your current identity, how could your heart not be moved by such a huge sum? For cautiousness, we should stop cultivation for some time to guard against Zhang Zhu’s secret investigation."


 However, Fang Yuan refused this suggestion and still cultivated non-stop every night.


 Bai Ning Bing also cooperated. She held an indifferent attitude towards her identity being exposed, in fact, she was more willing to see Fang Yuan’s defeat.


 Snow silver primeval essence gave an enormous help to Fang Yuan, his cultivation speed was rising as if it had grown wings.


 On the night they had officially left Fei Hou mountain’s region, Fang Yuan advanced from rank two initial stage to middle stage.


 By the time, the travel-worn caravan arrived at the base of Huang Jin mountain, Fang Yuan was finished with the crocodile strength Gu, his strength permanently increasing by the strength of a crocodile.


 Huang Jin mountain possessed a lot of gold mines. Its soil contained abundant gold, and one could even obtain dozens of granules of gold if they scooped the water from the mountain streams and filtered the sediments.


 In day, when the sun shone upon the Huang Jin mountain, the mountain would often reflect a layer of hazy golden light. The scene of the mountain surrounded by the light was a glorious beauty.


 If this Huang Jin mountain was to be on Earth, there would definitely be bloody fights and wars for it. However, in this world, the currency used was the primeval stone, and gold was reduced to just a type of metal mineral - its greatest use was as a material for refining Gu.


 There were two clans located in Huang Jin Mountain.


 In the southern side of the mountain was Huang village; and in the northern side was Jin village.


 A mountain can’t hold two tigers. One could infer from Qing Mao mountain that the relation between Huang and Jin clan was not harmonious.


 The caravan’s arrival would naturally be welcomed by both the clans. However, the notice from the two clans arrived — the caravan could only choose one clan. If they chose Huang clan, they couldn’t go to Jin clan and the same went for opposite.


 There were many people in caravan with many things to do, thus there was always a large flow of traffic. There were notorious records of the two clans attacking each other with the help of caravans, thus they laid down strict orders.


 The heads of the caravans had different opinions about choosing which clans to go.


 They had their own needs and considerations, and so after discussing with each other, this coagglomeration of caravans divided into two; the two groups would go separately to the two clans.


 Of course, they couldn’t enter the village, most of the troops could only station around the village.


 After this was settled, Zhang Zhu privately looked for Shang Xin Ci: "I have secretly investigated for many days; Hei Tu and Bai Yun are very suspicious, I suggest we evict them from our group!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 This old man is courting death.



***
Chapter 242: Common understanding between smart people


***





 Chapter 242: Common understanding between smart people


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Suspicious?" Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flickered under her thick eyelashes.


 Zhang Zhu nodded and said solemnly: "In fact, I had my doubts about them ever since we entered Fei Hou mountain. Miss, you gave them a hundred and fifty primeval stones, but they weren’t moved at all by such a huge sum. This really makes one ponder."


 He paused for a moment and continued: "I have been secretly investigating them these days, and found even more suspicious points. First of all, they have little to no communication with the servants around them, as if they were wishing to be invisible. Second, they refused the recruitment offers of many clans, even though the terms were excellent."


 "Miss, do you still remember his appearance when he came to ask help from us that night? Hei Tu, that guy has such powerful strength, how could he be wounded by others into such state? And finally, from my observation, his companion is wearing male clothing, but is actually a woman!"


 The camp was filled with silence.


 After a long while, Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Powerful strength doesn’t mean he can definitely win against others, right? Two fists can’t rival four palms , Hei Tu getting wounded was normal. Actually, I know about all these suspicious point you spoke of."


 Zhang Zhu wasn’t surprised at all, he understood Shang Xin Ci and knew of her intelligence.


 "Miss...."


 Shang Xin Ci blinked, her face containing a gentle and charming smile: "Uncle Zhang Zhu, you have felt stifled for so many days, right? Seeing that I didn’t take actions to deal with this, you came to remind me today."


 Zhang Zhu smiled: "I can’t conceal anything from you. But why are you still keeping them by your side?"


 "Because I felt no ill intent from them." Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone with a wise light, "We became suspicious of them at the Fei Hou mountain, and if they hadn’t stood up at that time, we wouldn’t have been able to feel any suspicion. But, why did they still take a risk, wasn’t it to help me?"


 "This..."


 "If they had harbored treacherous schemes, they would definitely stay hidden and watch the show from the side, right? Or maybe receive that one hundred and fifty primeval stones. But they didn’t. When Hei Tu said he was repaying my kindness, his expression was sincere and I could tell that he was speaking the truth. He really wanted to repay this favor." Shang Xin Ci said.


 Zhang Zhu was tongue-tied for a long while: "But they aren’t simple, they definitely have secrets."


 A smile blossomed in Shang Xin Ci’s face like a flower: "Everyone has secrets, I also have them, does having secrets make one a bad person? This world is bright, as someone who knows how to repay kindness, there has to be a limit to how bad he can be right?"


 "That might be so but I can’t help but wonder what their motives are. Maybe they are plotting something... wait, I know, they must be accomplices of some bandits. They joined the caravan and are planning to rob it by cooperating with demonic path figures!"


 "That doesn’t make sense." Shang Xin Ci shook her head, "If they were accomplices, they should have even more reason to stay hidden, why would they expose themselves in Fei Hou mountain. So many people tried to recruit them, they could just join other groups and it wouldn’t be any less easier to hide themselves. Why did they decide to stick with us? I feel they have definitely been through some suffering. We helped them and they are repaying us. Now, they want to hide their identities, I think we should help them..."


 Zhang Zhu sighed while shaking his head: "Miss, why are you always thinking about others? One must know to guard against others..."


 "Uncle Zhang Zhu." Shang Xin Ci said, "If we are really robbed, please don’t go fight to protect the goods. If the goods are gone, then they are gone, it is not a big problem. My mother’s final wish was for me to bring a token to someone in Shang clan city. However, she also said if that person didn’t accept us, we should continue living through these goods."


 "My mother passed away swiftly, she didn’t manage to convey who is the person I am supposed to look for. But I think wealth are just worldly possessions. Mother has already left me, you and Xiao Die are my only remaining relatives. I don’t want to see you guys meeting any mishaps."


 "Miss, never say that..." Zhang Zhu’s eyes were red with emotions.


 "Come, take a look, honest and real Shenjia Silk!"


 "All kinds of fine liquors, I welcome everyone to taste them."


 "Golden Qi Gu, selling for just fifty primeval stones!"


 ...


 The temporary market was a hubbub of conversations and hawkers selling out their wares as people moved to and fro.


 Whenever a caravan by, it would be like a festive moment for the clans.


 In the temporary market, not only the caravan was selling their wares, some Jin clansmen were also selling their goods.


 The goods they were selling were mainly golden statues or tools; there were pots, cups, ladles and basins. Their profound sculpting skills were shown in the lifelike statues of animals and people. And with red, green, yellow and blue gems or pearls as complements, the statues looked even more exquisite.


 Huang Jin mountain was a place blessed by heavens with gold found everywhere in it.


 The people living here, even the poor slaves were wearing some accessories like golden rings and golden necklaces.


 Hairpins, earrings and bracelets worn by many girls were shining with golden luster, looking very beautiful. They were chatting with each other in groups in beautiful voices which was fresh and innocent.


 As for the Gu Masters of the Jin clan, their uniforms were similar to Qing Mao mountain’s; Short sleeves, long pants, belts, leg wrappings and green bamboo shoes.


 It was just that some were using golden rope as leg wrappings. Belts, cloth cuffs or pants, were all rimmed in gold. This was Huang Jin mountain’s characteristic.


 The clans of the Southern Border had basically the same attires. The demonic Gu Masters, however, wore all sorts of bizarre dresses.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were moving through the crowd. They had already bought some cow and goat milk from three to four Jin clansmen.


 Fang Yuan had tried his best to feed all the bone spear Gu. But even so, two-third of the bone spear Gu were already dead from starvation.


 "Aren’t you afraid your such big reckless purchasing will expose our identities?" Bai Ning Bing expressed his doubt.


 "As long as one uses disguise, they will definitely be exposed one day. I don’t have a thing to worry about, but you, you have too big of a flaw." Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing and said.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, she knew what her flaw was: her gender.


 Even the old lady at the hamlet could see it. Women and men have physiological differences, this could be disguised, but that required a special Gu worm which Bai Ning Bing didn’t have.


 Thus, even if she was wearing loose clothes, covering her face with a straw hat, smearing her body with ash and binding her chest, her gender would no doubt be revealed as time passed by.


 Fang Yuan continued: "So, rather than cover the truth, it would be better to reveal some things on our own initiative and let the others set their minds at rest, thinking they have seen through us and have the situation in their control."


 Exposing oneself was not always a bad thing. One could only receive trust when they revealed their identities.


 Fang Yuan couldn’t reveal his cards by himself, doing so would be too unnatural and not be in harmony with their previous behaviour.


 Only when the other side discovered and probed, could Fang Yuan take the opportunity to conveniently reveal some stuff.


 Bai Ning Bing understood: "So you are intentionally waiting for them to discover before responding?"


 "You have finally become smart."


 "Hmph!"


 However, three days passed by and the response and probing Fang Yuan expected had still not arrived.


 Bai Ning Bing finally got the opportunity to take a dig at Fang Yuan: "So you also have times when you are wrong."


 Fang Yuan snorted while pondering inwardly: "I could see from Zhang Zhu’s expression and manners that he was already suspicious of us. He didn’t go into it deeply and restrained himself, most likely because there could be danger at any time on the road. But now that the caravan has arrived at Jin clan, the situation is very safe and he should have already begun his probing. Unless..."


 Shang Xin Ci’s figure appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "Truly smart and also bold. She’s mostly likely the one that stopped Zhang Zhu. It’s a little problematic, seems like being too smart can also be a problem." Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.


 Shang Xin Ci’s gentleness and kindness had made a deep impact on him, making him slightly underestimate this girl’s intelligence.


 Shang Xin Ci wanted to reach an understanding between smart people with Fang Yuan, she was clearly trying to play dumb. However, Fang Yuan had a different motive and this layer of understanding had instead turned into an obstacle.


 "Since it is so, I will just take the initiative." Fang Yuan sighed and went to find Shang Xin Ci.


 "You want to form a partnership with me?" Inside a tent, Shang Xin Ci and Zhang Zhu were wearing surprised expressions when Fang Yuan revealed his intentions.


 They hadn’t gone to look for these two, but these two instead came knocking on their door!


 This was slightly beyond the young girl’s expectations.


 Zhang Zhu’s mind shook: "You finally showed your true colors? Partnership... hmph!"


 "Lady Zhang, I am a bit ashamed to say it, but we need primeval stones and I regard myself to be somewhat knowledgeable about merchants. I want to borrow a batch of goods, and we will divide the profits we earn in half, how about it?" Fang Yuan slightly bowed his body, appearing neither servile nor overbearing.


 "You don’t have any primeval stones and are as poor as a mouse, yet you want to borrow the chicken that lays egg? You are overconfident!" Zhang Zhu’s gaze carried a cold light, "Why do you think you will definitely earn profits? And on what basis do you think our Zhang clan will lend the goods to you?"


 "There will naturally be profits and losses in business. I also can’t guarantee the profits. As to your second question, I think Lady Zhang is a good person and should lend the goods to me, right? You wanted to ask of my reason, I can only answer you that it is this feeling. If this feeling is wrong, then please consider this matter never happened." Fang Yuan answered with a smile.


 He was one ear less and his whole body was covered with burns, making him appear terrifying when he smiled.


 However, Shang Xin Ci looked at him and saw in him, a kind of confidence, decisiveness and a radiance of careful planning. This radiance emitted a different type of charisma, penetrating through the ugly appearance.


 "Interesting, it seems he also sensed our suspicions, so he wanted to reach a tacit understanding with me?" Shang Xin Ci’s gaze continued to flash.


 After a short while, she laughed.


 This kind of ’frank’ communication style made her feel an indescribable safety and also a feeling of freshness.


 "If you hadn’t been there, there wouldn’t even be a quarter of goods remaining, they would have already been snatched by those monkeys in Fei Hou mountain. Since you have this notion, I will hand over these goods to you." She said.


 If the servant girl Xiao Die were here, she might have started making a big fuss.


 Fang Yuan showed an expression of being in a daze for a while, before he bowed to show his thanks.


 "Miss, this..." When Fang Yuan left the tent, Zhang Zhu couldn’t endure it any more.


 Shang Xin Ci blinked mischievously like a child: "Isn’t this interesting? Did you hear what he said just now, he hadn’t even started on the business, but was already talking of sharing the profits in half. His tone was as if the profits were certain..."


 "Hmph, he is but a boor, how much talent could he have?" Zhang Zhu disdainfully scoffed, "If we talk about business talent, who could compare to miss? I still remember how you have managed the properties all these years and expanded them. If it were not for the envy of those petty people in Zhang Clan..."


 "Alright, what is the use of talking about the past? Since Uncle Zhang Zhu believes in my talent, then you should trust me. Even if Hei Tu squanders these goods, I could still rebuild the business from scratch, isn’t that right?" Shang Xin Ci said.


 "Of course!" Zhang Zhu said without hesitation.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Smart people obviously not referring to Uncle Zhang.



***
Chapter 243: Benefits sent towards oneself


***





 Chapter 243: Benefits sent towards oneself


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "There are so much goods, it won’t be cheap. It’ll require at least fifty thousand primeval stones." Jin clan’s Gu Master looked at Fang Yuan in suspicion.


 After getting approval from Shang Xin Ci, Fang Yuan immediately found a few Jin clan Gu Masters, this was already the sixth.


 "I do not have primeval stones." Fang Yuan shook his head: "But I can use my goods to exchange for yours."


 "Exchange?" The Gu Master’s eyebrows rose. He was not surprised as it was common to barter, especially in the caravan.


 To him, there was no loss in bartering as long as the value was about the same.


 "What will you use to exchange?"


 Fang Yuan brought him to the goods immediately.


 Jin clan’s Gu Master frowned: "Your goods are cheaper than mine."


 "But you can get a good price for it on this Huang Jin mountain, am I wrong?" Fang Yuan laughed.


 Jin clan Gu Master frowned even deeper: "If the price is set too high, we won’t be able to sell it."


 "Then sell it slowly, it’ll be sold eventually. Goods are more expensive when they are rare, by then you will be sitting at home collecting your earnings." Fang Yuan smiled.


 The Gu Master laughed, the reason he talked so much was only to lower the price; his heart was moved long ago.


 "You are not bad at all. As a mortal, you are neither haughty nor humble. I have three stores, are you interested in working for me? I can give you the position of shopkeeper! Your wages can also be further discussed." The Gu Master patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders.


 Fang Yuan rejected politely; the Gu Master felt a little pity.


 "Hei Tu, what have you done!" After the transaction was over, Xiao Die ran over with a frosty expression.


 "You exchanged all the goods? What are you trying to do? You are too bold!" Xiao Die stomped her foot in anger: "Do you know these goods were all chosen by Missy after much consideration. After we transport them to Shang Clan City, we can sell them for twice the amount! Quick, exchange them back now!"


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold: "Your Missy has already lent all the goods to me, which is to say, these belong to me. Hmph, I am dealing with my own goods, is there a problem?"


 Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through Xiao Die, a cold light flashed in his eyes.


 Xiao Die instantly felt a chill that made her heart palpitate.


 Fang Yuan had decided to expose a little more and thus putting on such a strong attitude against Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die was witty and eloquent all along, but now, a cold feeling crept up her heart: "You, you... I will tell Missy, watch out!"


 She tried her best to hide her inner emotions, but still left frantically.


 Her report naturally caused no disturbance to Fang YUan.


 But the servants that Shang Xin Ci brought along, had much opinions about Fang Yuan’s actions. Many discussed secretly, thinking this Hei Tu had gone crazy.


 Fang Yuan knew the value of these goods and could sense Shang Xin Ci’s business talent.


 But this was her first time doing business, her experience was very lacking even though she had talent. Business was not just transporting goods to the destination, and earning profits from the price difference.


 A true expert merchant earned along the way as well. Using their keen foresight to explore new opportunities, learning about the specialty of each mountains, and tailoring to the needs of each clan; they built networks as they profited from all those around them.


 Of course, these requirements were too high for the current Shang Xin Ci. She had just turned 16, although she had talent, she was still a fresh young girl.


 Fang Yuan spent about a hundred years in his past life doing trade. He joined caravans and even became a leader He also opened his own shops, including rock gambling and even auctions.


 When it came to experience and foresight, those leaders and vice leaders in the caravan could not hold a candle to Fang Yuan, let alone the inexperienced Shang Xin Ci.


 "There is still a distance to Shang Liang mountain. If I manipulate this wholeheartedly, I can at least increase the value of these goods by seven or eight times!"


 This profit margin was terrifying. Any higher and even Fang Yuan could do it. Due to actual circumstances, seven to eight times was the limit of this world.


 "Of course, if I use unorthodox methods, not just seven or eight, I can easily jack it up by seventy or eighty times." Thinking so, Fang Yuan could not help but think of a poem on Earth ——


 Obeying the law and living in constant worry, bandits live in pleasure every night; those who harm others to benefit themselves ride horses, while those were righteous and fair starve in hunger. Those who build bridges and repair roads go blind, while those who murder and cause arson have many offsprings. When I died, I asked Buddha, Buddha said: There was nothing I could do!


 Haha, the so called system and law was to deprive the masses and limit the weak.


 Whichever world it was, the law of the jungle prevailed!


 Thus, even during an era ruled by law, countless rich and influential people found loopholes and avoided the judgement of the law. Not to mention this Gu world, where strength was everything one needed to exert influence!


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he once did business with all his heart, having millions of assets and countless properties. But later, some experts casually usurped them, causing him to go bankrupt and living in the streets.


 For the next four hundred years of his life, whenever he thought back to it, he was extremely glad he had such an experience.


 Only through pain can one learn about the truth!


 Precisely because of this experience, he woke up from his delusions and broke free of the restraints that bound him while living in the lawful society of Earth.


 Humans were often blinded not by the sight before them, but by the chains in their hearts.


 To Fang Yuan, if he abided by morals of business and be a proper businessman, he could only earn seven to eight times the profit.


 But if he used some illegal methods, becoming an unscrupulous merchant, he could make over tenfold worth of profits.


 If he abandoned his position, and lied and scammed, becoming a dishonest trader, he could make tens of times of profits.


 If he directly murdered and robbed, he would not even need a capital. Business without investing capital, was always the most profitable!


 But Fang Yuan had other objectives doing business now. Thus, methods that broke the rules could not be used and this caused him to have some feeling of restraint.


 However, the night before the caravan set off, a Jin clan Gu Master secretly approached him.


 "There is a secret deal we want to make, are you interested?" This Gu Master was one of those who traded with Fang Yuan earlier.


 Fang Yuan did not mind it, but after a few minutes, he changed his ideas.


 "You are saying, someone wants to sell Jinzan grass?" He was extremely surprised, almost suspecting that he had heard wrongly.


 To Jin clan, Jinzan grass could not be replaced with other materials, it was an important war resource. It was exactly because it could be used as a refinement material that Jin clan could produce large numbers of golden silkworm Gu. But now someone wanted to sell it?


 In Fang Yuan’s memories, it was because Jin clan had large numbers of the rank three golden silkworm Gu that their battle strength rose rapidly, thus eliminating Huang clan and becoming the controller of the area.


 "Wait a minute, Huang clan still exists now. This means Jin clan has not fully manufactured the recipe for the golden silkworm Gu? That shouldn’t be it, by this time they should have some ideas already, otherwise why would they mass plant Jinzan grass?" Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like lightning.


 He probed: "I’m about done with trading goods. The Jinzan grass is an unpopular material, although it is rare, little people need it..."


 Seeing Fang Yuan reject, the Gu Master panicked: "The price can be further discussed, why don’t we have a good talk about it."


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, seeing the other party was very anxious, he started to lower the price.


 After an intense bargaining, the Jinzan grass’ price had been lowered to a horrifying degree.


 The Gu Master’s face paled, his expression turned ugly and his tone became irritated: "You win, we’ll go with this price, can we complete the deal now?"


 This price was very low, even lower than the cost of nurturing the Jinzan grass. If they sold it, it truly was making a loss.


 The Jin clan Gu Master knew this, and so his heart bled.


 Fang Yuan also knew this was the limit, but he still shook his head: "This price is too low, to speak the truth your attitude makes me feel uncertain."


 The Jin clan Gu Master instantly exploded: "You were the one who lowered the price, now you’re finding it too low?!"


 Fang Yuan shrugged: "You said it earlier, this is a private transaction, there is no hard evidence. What if you sell me fake goods, who would I find then? You see, the caravan is leaving tomorrow, by then even if I made a loss, I have no choice but to leave."


 "Your suspicions are valid..." Jin Clan Gu Master’s anger subsided: "Don’t worry about the goods, they are definitely real. To tell you the truth, this is secretly sold by our young master."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly, he had finally received some useful information.


 He pretended to be shocked: "Your young master stole it?"


 "These Jinzan grass is a vegetation loved by the clan leader, purposely growing three acres of it. But we can’t do anything about it since our clan leader has a unique interest. So do not worry, the Jinzan grass is nothing important, the son taking his father’s things to sell, even if it is discovered, he will only be scolded." The Gu Master said.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood everything.


 So it was like this!


 Jin clan had already been trying to fix the recipe for the golden silkworm Gu. At this point, they had a rough idea already and were thus growing three acres of Jinzan grass..


 But to prevent unwanted attention from Huang clan, this information was kept among the higher ups of the clan, even the young master did not know, only thinking that this grass was planted out of interest.


 The Jinzan grass’ growth period was very long, needing four years to mature.


 In his memory, Jin clan launched their attack a year later. They used the rank three golden silkworm Gu which had sharp offensive strength to eliminate Huang clan and dominate Huang Jin mountain.


 If this three acres of Jinzan grass was gone, they won’t be able to find that much on the market either. Then to eliminate Huang clan, Jin clan would need to waste a few more years.


 Evidently, this Jinzan grass was a dangerous item!


 If he really bought it, it would be provoking this large Jin clan.


 An ordinary person would avoid it like the plague, but Fang Yuan saw a huge opportunity from it.


 This profit, although dangerous, since it was delivered to him with both hands, how could he reject it?


 To speak the truth, although Fang Yuan possessed the heavenly essence treasure lotus, he still had a need for primeval stones, and it wasn’t a small amount he needed.


 When they reached the Shang Clan City, he needed to purchase Gu worms, and that required a lot of primeval stones. Relying on the heavenly essence treasure lotus’s daily production was troublesome and insufficient.


 "That young master is definitely a wastrel, he is probably doted by the clan leader, but is in need of money recently, thus he set his eyes on the Jinzan grass. Hehehe..."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but laugh.


 If he took this profit, not only would it help in purchasing Gu worms, it would also leave a deep impression on Shang Xin Ci. It was simply killing two birds with one stone.


 Jin clan Gu Master saw Fang Yuan’s smile, and laughed: "So, you agree?"


 "Of course." Fang Yuan looked at him; once this deal went through, this guy would definitely be in trouble.


 "But what does his trouble have to do with me?" What Fang Yuan was considering now, was how to swallow this profit without choking himself.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Last day of 2 chapters.



***
Chapter 244: Almost blackmail


***





 Chapter 244: Almost blackmail


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Dawn was breaking in the east, revealing the first rays of light.


 The cold air of the night had condensed into dewdrops on the grass and leaves. The temporary market in the Jin clan was currently being dismantled; the tents were packed up, the carpets on the streets stalls were rolled up and the goods were packed in bags.


 After having stayed in the Jin village for many days, the caravan was preparing to set off.


 As for the merchants, no matter how many goods they sold or bought, they would be making profits eventually. Thus, though they were exhausted, they were wearing cheerful smiles on their faces.


 Xiao Die’s expression, however, was horrible.


 "Missy, I just checked, that Hei Tu has exchanged almost all the goods. And in the goods he exchanged for, I saw three carts filled with Jinzan grass!"


 "Jinzan grass?" Shang Xin Ci’s long brows slightly furrowed.


 Xiao Die was extremely angry, as she pulled Shang Xin Ci by her hand: "Even a layman like me knows how worthless Jinzan grass is, but he has exchanged for so many of them. Missy, this Hei Tu is simply making a trouble!"


 "Xiao Die, calm down first." Shang Xin Ci patted Xiao Die’s hand, "He should have exchanged for this Jinzan grass yesterday night, I don’t know why he did that but he must have a reason for exchanging other goods. Just think, it is already pretty good that he could accomplish this as a mortal."


 "Missy, why are you standing up for him? I am only thinking for you. These goods were originally ours, why would you let others squander it for nothing? Most importantly, he can’t compensate us at all! Lord Zhang Zhu, please persuade Missy..." Xiao Die pouted.


 Zhang Zhu who was looking on from the side, sighed: "Miss, Xiao Die is right. We lent the goods to him to test him, but now that we can already see the results, why are we still letting him squander them? We believe in your ability Miss, but if we can decrease our losses, why are we not doing so? It will also decrease our struggles when we reach Shang Clan City."


 "This..." Shang Xin Ci mumbled. She was young, her eyes started showing signs of hesitation.


 Previously, she had felt the goods exchanged by Fang Yuan was alright. However, this Jinzan grass... it was a great loss to exchange for so much Jinzan grass.


 Jinzan grass was easy to preserve, but it simply couldn’t be sold as the demand for it was almost non-existent. Such a large stockpile would rot sooner or later, and finally, they would have no choice but to cut down the price and dump sell the stock - it was destined to make a loss.


 "Excuse me, are you Lady Zhang Xin Ci?" Just then, a middle-aged gu master who was sweating profusely, anxiously ran towards Shang Xin Ci.


 The iron plate on his belt was carved with number ’two’ showing the rank of this gu master.


 Shang Xin Ci gave a slight smile: "Yes I am, may I enquire who you are?"


 The middle-aged man cupped his fists: "I am the personal guard of lord clan leader, here on his command to ask for a favor."


 "Oh? Please speak."


 "Lady Zhang should have bought a large batch of Jinzan grass yesterday night. The whole story is like this, our clan leader is very passionate for Jinzan grass and so he personally raised some for pleasure. But the young master secretly dug them out and sold them behind the clan leader’s back. Now, clan leader has placed the young master in confinement, and also wishes to buy back the Jinzan grass. I sincerely request you to sell them back to us."


 This gu master was polite, but that politeness carried his firm attitude.


 "Miss..." Zhang Zhu’s expression turned solemn as he reminded Shang Xin Ci.


 This personal guard represented the clan leader of the Jin clan, this matter could be both big or small, and it could turn serious if it was handled improperly.


 Shang Xin Ci glanced at Zhang Zhu and nodded her head to indicate she understood: "Actually, I am also someone who loves flowers and I can understand honorable clan leader’s passion. We will hand over the Jinzan grass to your honorable clan with not even a stem missing."


 "It makes one happy to see such a reasonable Lady." The personal guard gu master’s expression relaxed and revealed a slight smile.


 Shang Xin Ci continued: "A subordinate of mine was in charge of this transaction. I will call him over."


 Fang Yuan had already been paying attention to the activity here.


 "Hei Tu, you are in trouble. Missy has called you." Xiao Die had come to summon him.


 Fang Yuan soon appeared in front of the personal guard, and cupped his fists: "I am the one who was responsible for the transaction of Jinzan grass. I heard the honorable clan leader wants to buy them back?"


 The personal guard was surprised to see the newcomer was actually a mortal, his face immediately revealed a slight disdain and arrogance.


 He snorted: "That’s right. Mortal, you can relax. Lord clan leader is benevolent and is willing to use three thousand primeval stones to buy back the three carts of Jinzan grass on you."


 "So much?" Xiao Die was speechless and her gaze revealed her joy.


 Zhang Zhu frowned before gradually relaxing. Three thousand primeval stones should be the maximum market price for the Jinzan grass, and this showed Jin clan leader’s sincerity.


 However, Fang Yuan shook his head: "Jinzan grass is very precious, only three thousand primeval stones to buy them back, this doesn’t seem to be sincere, right?"


 The personal guard immediately frowned: "What? The price I am giving is much higher than the maximum market price of the Jinzan grass. Mortal, what price did you buy it for?"


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: "Let’s not discuss about the purchase price, we are all businessmen, naturally we will buy low and sell high. Three thousand primeval stones are too less, I am not selling!"


 "You!" The personal guard clenched his teeth, before eventually showing five fingers, "Alright, then I will rise it by two thousand, five thousand primeval stones!"


 Xiao Die’s eyes widened in shock, her face started to flush with excitement as she looked at the five stretched fingers of the personal guard.


 "Five thousand primeval stones? This is what you said, you can’t go back on it!" She was almost jumping in excitement, she hadn’t thought the situation would develop like this; Fang Yuan had profited huge!


 However, Fang Yuan still shook his head.


 The personal guard’s expression turned cold as he threatened: "Mortal, don’t you think you are being greedy? These Jinzan grass were originally our clan’s goods. You privately exchanged for them which is already not permitted. You don’t even have any evidence of transaction, I can even say you secretly stole them!!"


 Zhang Zhu was taken aback by the personal guard’s anger, he looked at Fang Yuan: "Just sell it."


 Fang Yuan laughed: "You sold them, I bought, this was mutual consent. What more, it was your young master who sold them to me. I can’t do anything if you are determined to say I stole them. Jin clan is so rich and powerful that it can bully the weak and rob our goods. Hmph, the goods are just there, why don’t you go take them. It is just that as far as I know, it is not just me who bought the Jinzan grass. Many others have a share of it, is Jin clan going to snatch all of theirs too?"


 Fang Yuan had already expected this situation, thus he only bought a large majority yesterday night. The remaining Jinjan grass were sold to others by that gu master.


 "You!" The personal guard was furious, but he could only clench his teeth at Fang Yuan’s blatant extortion.


 He pointed at Fang Yuan: "Your clan bought the most, you little brat, you want to make it hard for me?"


 "Of course not, I am only trying to make a transaction." Fang Yuan cupped his hands.


 "Hmph, forget it! I will put two thousand more, seven thousand primeval stones! Mortal, bring all the Jinzan grass you bought." The personal guard shouted.


 "Hei Tu, just sell it. We need to pay attention to amiability while doing business." Shang Xin Ci couldn’t endure this pressure.


 "Since Miss has spoken..." Fang Yuan nodded his head before immediately changing the subject, "Then I will take back a step. Eight thousand primeval stones and all the Jinzan grass I have is yours."


 The moment these words came out, Shang Xin Ci and the rest all became dazed.


 The personal guard came back to his senses, unable to contain his anger: "What? You bastard!!"


 Fang Yuan, however, had a smile on his face: "Business is business, please don’t get angry lord gu master. Actually, I was thinking of selling them for ten thousand primeval stones, if lord gu master can’t decide it, how about letting me discuss with your honorable clan’s clan leader?"


 "No need!" The personal guard swung his arm as he looked at Fang Yuan with extreme disgust, "You, a mortal, what qualifications do you have to meet lord clan leader? Bring the goods quickly, taking advantage of others when they are down, I will remember you. Hmph!"


 His words, no doubt, meant he acceded to Fang Yuan’s raised price.


 The two finished the transaction in moments.


 Fang Yuan hadn’t even used five hundred primeval stones to buy them, but in just one night, the Jinzan grass changed hands for eight thousand primeval stones!


 "Miss, there are two trunks filled to the brim with primeval stones!" Xiao Die was beaming with joy. She had witnessed the whole transaction process in fear, but now that she looked at these primeval stones, she felt that it was all worth it. Even her gaze towards Fang Yuan changed.


 "Did you already know? That can’t be it, this should just be the case of a blind cat coming across a dead mouse !" She looked at Fang Yuan from top to bottom and remarked.


 "Offending the Jin clan for just eight thousand primeval stones is not worth it." Zhang Zhu had been frowning from the start, he looked at Fang Yuan with some discontent and warned, "Never take such a risk again."


 Fang Yuan only smiled and turned towards Shang Xin Ci: "According to our previous contract, Miss will get half of this eight thousand primeval stones, and I request Miss to safeguard my half of the share too."


 ...


 "Has it been settled?" Jin clan leader stood on a hill, watching the leaving caravan.


 An elder was standing to his side and reported: "Yes, clan leader. We have bought back all the Jinzan grass. It is just that Zhang Clan is truly hateful for taking advantage of the situation to extort us."


 Jin Clan’s clan leader’s brows furrowed: "Oh? Speak."


 The elder elaborated on the details.


 Jin clan’s clan leader smiled: "It is just eight thousand primeval stones, no need to care. That Zhang clan’s Lady, however, is intelligent, she pushed out a mortal servant to sound out the situation and earned herself this money."


 "Lord clan leader, what if this Zhang clan already knows our clan’s secret and thus took advantage to extort us?"


 "Hahaha, don’t be overly suspicious. If they knew the importance of the Jinzan grass to my clan, why would they only extort mere eight thousand primeval stones? They would buy them all or even not agree to sell them. But just in case, send some gu masters to watch them till they completely leave Huang Jin mountain’s region. Make sure to watch if there are anyone who tries to secretly go to Huang clan. If there are, kill them on the spot!"


 The clan leader’s killing intent overflowed all around him as he said this.


 The elder’s mind trembled: "As you command, lord clan leader!"


 Fang Yuan glanced back at the Huang Jin mountain, his lips curled up in a smiled.


 Not far away in a carriage, Shang Xin Ci lifted open the curtains and gazed at Fang Yuan’s back. Her beautiful eyes flashed with light, having fallen into deep thought.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Lesson of the day: Don’t do business with Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 245: Rank Two Upper Stage


***





 Chapter 245: Rank Two Upper Stage


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The caravan crossed mountains and valleys as they traveled west.


 Half a month later, the caravan arrived at Hun Mu mountain which had a lot of weird looking trees; Fang Yuan sold half of his goods to buy a lot of these special wood.


 Twenty days later, they arrived at Ju Yu mountain.


 The mountain was full of bumps and craters, these bumps were all made by the falling raindrops.


 At this place, once it rained, raindrops as large as wine vats fell and formed huge craters in the ground. Thus, the Tong clan of Ju Yu mountain was built in the empty caves inside the mountain. If it was an open construct, it would be easily devastated by the rain.


 In Tong clan village, the golden lamp oil that Fang Yuan bought on Huang Jin mountain was very popular.


 During their stay, it rained three times. Fang Yuan thus acquired many blue oil raindrops. These raindrops were a type of material for many different purposes.


 These giant raindrops were the Tong clan village’s misfortune that forced them to live inside the mountain caves. But, it was also their source of income.


 After leaving Ju Yu mountain, the caravan arrived at Fang Zhuan mountain.


 The rocks on this mountain were peculiar. Each were cube shaped, varying in size and thickness.


 Da Fang clan was a large scale clan that had been living on Fang Zhuan mountain for over thousand years.


 Their residences were made of tiles; much better than the condition at Tong clan village. Tall large walls were constructed around the village, and within the walls were defense towers, while outside the walls were pillboxes.


 Fang Yuan remembered that at Da Fang clan, there was an eccentric elder that liked wood carvings.


 After contacting him, all the weird and creepy soul wood he collected on Hun Mu mountain were sold to this clan elder.


 Just like this, on this journey, with Fang Yuan’s manipulation, his goods increased and decreased at times, but each time there was a change, he earned a ton of profit.


 Once he did this many times, it naturally attracted people’s attention.


 Fang Yuan pushed everything to Shang Xin Ci, and rumors of her business talent started to circulate.


 Time flew by quickly, after another four villages, the caravan gradually got close to Xiao Yue mountain.


 This night, the caravan made a temporary camp near a cliff.


 "We have entered Xiao Yue mountain’s territory, the remaining journey is all uninhabited mountains and valleys. Gu worms and beasts roam free, and not even a hamlet exist. From tonight onwards, everyone has to place their full attention on the surroundings." Jia clan’s leader instructed.


 In the tent, many vice-leaders nodded in agreement.


 Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone with bright light.


 This was the most dangerous segment of the caravan’s route. Once they passed this, they would reach Xue Lei mountain, and after that, they would have to travel past a few more clan villages, before reaching Shang Liang mountain’s Shang Clan City.


 "Alright, next we will establish our defensive measures." Jia clan’s leader continued.


 An hour later, the discussion ended and everyone left the tent.


 Zhang Zhu came up immediately: "Miss, dinner has been prepared. Do we invite Hei Tu and Bai Yun to dine together again?"


 "Of course." Shang Xin Ci nodded: "I have to ask him about his experiences in trading during the banquet."


 These few days, Fang Yuan’s revenue greatly exceeded his losses, earning five to six times the profits after few trades. This caused Shang Xin Ci, Zhang Zhu and Xiao Die - who knew the truth - to look at him in a different light.


 According to the agreement, Fang Yuan gave half the earnings to Shang Xin Ci, but to her, these primeval stones could not compare to his business experience and understanding.


 She did not have any cultivation talent, and as a mortal, engaging in business was her proudest ability.


 But, in this aspect where she could be proud of herself, Fang Yuan displayed a strength which she could not help but admit was far superior to her!


 Many seemingly absurd decisions gave surprising results after the deal was completed.


 Shang Xin Ci was not someone who would give up on herself, and after knowing this difference in ability, she invited him to the dinner banquet daily.


 A few words of advice from Fang Yuan could benefit her greatly.


 Her talent in business was outstanding and she absorbed the knowledge like a sponge, growing rapidly.


 The more she interacted with Fang Yuan, the more she admired him.


 "Sigh, Miss, you have to be careful. These two obviously have their own stories, they are not ordinary people." Zhang Zhu sighed with worry, he was afraid Shang Xin Ci was sinking deeper into this.


 "Don’t worry, Uncle Zhang Zhu, I know what I am doing." Shang Xin Ci was indeed intelligent and smart, she never spoke to Fang Yuan about matters outside of business. She knew what could be said and what could not, never trying to probe further than she was supposed to.


 She felt that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing might be mysterious, but they were not dangerous.


 Fang Yuan used proper techniques in his business trading, and he didn’t go back on his words, splitting half the profits with Shang Xin Ci. Unknowingly, such behaviour gave Shang Xin Ci much feeling of assurance.


 However, Fang Yuan did not accept the invitation to banquet this time.


 "I am feeling a little tired today, I will not be going." He waved his hand at Xiao Die who came to invite him.


 Fang Yuan did not accept every single invitation from Shang Xin Ci, normally only accepting one out of three invitations.


 Xiao Die pouted as she looked at Fang Yuan begrudgingly, muttering under her breath and leaving.


 Previously when Fang Yuan rejected the invitation, Xiao Die made a scene several times, feeling indignant for her Miss. But the more Fang Yuan earned, the more Xiao Die’s attitude changed, from indignant to accomodating and helplessness.


 No matter which world it was, at whatever level of society, strength was what gained respect.


 Fang Yuan shut the tent; Bai Ning Bing had already sat on one of the beds.


 In the darkness, her blue eyes shone slightly.


 When Fang Yuan first rejected Xiao Die, she was still a little surprised, but after a few times, Bai Ning Bing found out the brilliance of this action.


 As the saying went, one who is unaccountably solicitous is hiding evil intentions 1 . Fang Yuan rejecting this invitation and not accommodating to Shang Xin Ci gave the young girl the feeling that he had nothing to gain from her.


 "Let’s start." Fang Yuan sat down on the bed as well with his back facing Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing spread out both palms and placed them on Fang Yuan’s back. Ten percent of her snow silver primeval essence flowed through her palms into Fang Yuan’s body.


 Bone flesh unity Gu shone with green and red light respectively, converting the primeval essence; six percent of snow silver primeval essence entered Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 Splash splash splash...


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts entered his aperture and used these primeval essence to nurture his aperture walls.


 When he was rank one, his aperture could not take the impact of the snow silver primeval essence, but now that he was rank two middle stage, his aperture walls had a stronger foundation now and could endure it.


 Only that this could not last for a long time, and he needed to rest every once in a while.


 The light waves on the aperture walls flowed constantly. The white light grew stronger as some areas started to condense. Evidently, Fang Yuan was a step away from rank two upper stage.


 With his rich cultivating experience, Fang Yuan had something like a gauge in his mind. He planned to breakthrough to rank two upper stage in one go!


 Time passed and it was already late at night.


 Howl—— !


 Suddenly, howling of the Grey Wolf King could be heard.


 The howl broke the silence of the camp, and soon after, numerous wolf howled in response to their king.


 "Wolf assault, wolf assault!"


 "Damn it, get up, the wolf pack is attacking camp!"


 "So many grey wolves, I can’t even count how many there are!"


 ...


 Many people screamed in shock, waking up everyone else in the camp; everyone was riled up.


 "Hey hearing this volume, it seems the wolf pack is quite large." Bai Ning Bing listened and laughed.


 In the caravan’s journey, they met many beast groups’ attack, and now she wasn’t shocked anymore.


 "This is Xiao Yue mountain, some people say the entire southern border wolves live here. During a full moon, the wolf packs will gaze at the round moon, and the wolf howls can cause the entire mountain to tremble and shake. This is only our first night, and we already encountered a grey wolf pack, our luck is terrible." Fang Yuan opened his eyes slightly, but multitasked and did not stop the cultivating in his aperture.


 "Damn it, there are too many wolves."


 "Healing Gu Master, where are the healing Gu Masters?! My father is injured, he is bleeding a lot..."


 "The southeast direction’s defense has been broken through, go reinforce them quickly!"


 The situation was more severe than Bai Ning Bing had predicted. After discovering the wolf pack, in just a few minutes, the first line of defense in the camp was broken through, and the wolves broke into the camp.


 "Ah——!"


 "Take up your weapons and fight these beasts!"


 Servants screamed as sounds of battle and shouting continued.


 "Do we go out?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "For what? What can you do? Don’t forget your identity." After a moment of silence, Fang Yuan replied nonchalantly.


 "But the wolves are already charging here, the goods you just purchased might be damaged." Bai Ning Bing laughed, showing glee in her tone.


 "Then let them be damaged." Fang Yuan closed his eyes again.


 After a while, Xiao Die’s voice came from outside the tent: "Hei Tu, Hei Tu! Are you two in there?"


 "What’s the matter?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "Oh my god, you are still here? Such a loud commotion and you didn’t even wake up! Many grey wolves entered the camp, although the situation is under control, there might be some wolves left out. Miss is asking you to go over, with Lord Zhang Zhu to protect us, it will be safer!" Xiao Die shouted.


 "No need, since the situation is under control, we shall not impose on your Miss. I can handle a grey wolf or two with my physical strength." Fang Yuan replied.


 Xiao Die urged some more, but was still rejected. Finally she stomped her feet outside the tent: "Ungrateful bunch, don’t blame me for not reminding you if you die. Hmph!"


 Saying so, she hurriedly left.


 The grey wolves continued to attack for fifteen minutes before retreating.


 This beast group assault brought the greatest loss the caravan had suffered since their establishment.


 Three Gu Masters died in battle, over a dozen injured, countless servants died, and most of the goods were damaged. Especially Zhang clan’s goods, they received the most damage.


 These goods were all borrowed by Fang Yuan, and at first estimation, Fang Yuan lost over a thousand primeval stones in this one night.


 When it was daylight, and they calculated the losses, he showed a bitter smile but did not mind it at all.


 Because last night, he had advanced to rank two upper stage. Only spending just a few months, this cultivation speed was shocking even to Bai Ning Bing who knew the method.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 That’s wife material right there



***
Chapter 246: Exposed


***





 Chapter 246: Exposed


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The bloody night passed and the morning sun shone upon the ruined camp.


 The atmosphere was solemn as everyone cleaned up the battlefield and packed their goods, setting off with a heavy heart.


 However, the wolf pack attack this time was only the beginning.


 Few days later, they were attacked again by grey wolf packs.


 The scale of the attack this time was even larger than the previous time. But the caravan had taken sufficient precautions and were able to limit their losses to less than the previous time.


 They chased away this pack of grey wolves. However, they had yet to regain their breaths, when three days later they were attacked by lighting wolf packs. The pack contained three frenzy lightning wolves and nine bold lightning wolves. Fifteen gu masters were killed while fighting them. The battle ended with wolf corpses all around the ground, and a wounded frenzy lightning wolf escaped with the remaining injured wolves.


 There were many gu masters who chased them for revenge, but couldn’t catch up to them and they didn’t dare to enter deep into Xiao Yue mountain. They could only stared fixedly at the retreating wolf packs.


 The attack this time made the caravan’s leader and vice leaders realize the danger they were in. On that very evening, they decided to speed up and leave Xiao Yue mountain as quickly as possible.


 Even so, for the next fifteen days, they were met with frequent attacks by the wolf packs.


 Grey wolves, lightning wolves, snow wolves, two-headed wolves and even blood fang wolves...


 Everyone in the caravan let out a breath of relief after they got out of Xiao Yue mountain.


 The caravan’s next few days passed peacefully and smoothly, until they entered Bai Hu mountain and were attacked by beast groups again.


 This time, it was old turtle carapace apes. These white apes were enormous with a carapace armor on their back - the carapace armor was covered with turtle shell patterns. There weren’t many casualties from the attacks of these ape groups, but the huge damage to the goods caused many to feel heartache.


 Fang Yuan’s goods also met with hardship, the dozen carts of goods he had was decreased to less than half.


 The morale in caravan fell greatly, these people were merchants trying their best to earn money. However, these losses made this trip worthless to them.


 "We have made a fruitless trip."


 "I checked my accounts yesterday, my earnings amounted to less than two thousand primeval stones!"


 "My situation is even worse, I have already lost thirty percent of the goods."


 "Even if it is worse, can it be as worse as the Zhang Clan’s? They have already lost most of their goods!"


 "Sigh, if I had known earlier, I would have just curled up in the clan; why would I bother to take risk and only earn this much!"


 ...


 The caravan moved in such an atmosphere. Five days later, they were attacked by a group of white tigers.


 There were losses again.


 Seven days later, a group of flame tigers ambushed them; fire spread over the camp and a large amount of goods were burned down.


 The morale had reached an all-time low, many of the merchants had lost all their investment.


 Ten days later, when they were about to cheer as they left the border of the Bai Hu mountain region, a Biao 1 appeared.


 Five tigers and one Biao . A Biao was a tiger that had grown wings, and was at least a thousand beast king. And because it had the ability to fly, it was even more troublesome.


 Some vice leaders of the caravan lost their lives while resisting this Biao.


 The Biao tailed the caravan for almost a hundred miles, constantly harassing them. Finally the caravan higher ups decided to make minor sacrifices, quickly deciding to give up close to a hundred servants.


 Most of these servants were injured or crippled, they rained curses and cried for their lives, but could do nothing to change their fate.


 Finally, the Biao had its fill and left, satisfied.


 The caravan was only able to rest properly after leaving the Bai Hu mountain far behind. The leaders of each clans didn’t stint on rewards, gradually raising the morale.


 The scale of the caravan was now already thinned by half of their original size.


 But after going through this cruel elimination and sharpening, the caravan now showed signs of an elite group.


 " I have been a travelling merchant for so many years and this was the most challenging of them all."


 "Who knows what possessed these wild beasts, attacking so frequently!"


 "After this trip ends, I will retire and enjoy my life."


 "No matter what, the risk of this trade route needs to be reevaluated..."


 "The main reason is still because these great mountains don’t have any human inhabitations. With no clans and garrisons to purge these beasts, they have grown without check."


 Some sighed, some were downhearted, whereas some still retained some hope.


 However, the caravan seemed to be jinxed; on the road ahead, they were not only attacked by all kinds of beast groups, but also by many swarms of insects and wild gu worms.


 The size of the caravan was decreasing continuously, the merchants no longer cared about profits and loss; they were starting to sense their lives were on the line.


 They even abandoned a lot of goods willingly to speed up their travelling speed.


 The setting sun dyed the clouds in blood red.


 The caravan was crossing a mountain woods in silence. Everyone was exhausted and numb, their morale very low.


 Many had bandages on their body, covering light and heavy injuries. They moved step by step in the bumpy mountain passageway.


 It had rained yesterday, causing the mountain passage to be muddy and slippery.


 A handcart filled with goods got stuck in the mud. The ostrich that was dragging the cart raised its neck and made shrill crackling noises before using all its strength to pull the cart, but to no avail.


 Right at this time, two hands came from behind the cart and lifted it, pulling the stuck wheel out of the mud pit.


 It was Fang Yuan.


 He casually clapped his hands. The thousands of kilos worth of goods didn’t seem to be that heavy in his hands.


 However, although the cart broke away from the mud pit, its wheels were somehow jammed and didn’t move.


 Bai Ning Bing who was at the side, bent down to take a look at the wheel.


 After being in caravan for so long, she had learned many things with her disguised identity, and had already completely blended in.


 "What is this?" She rubbed the axle of the wheel, her eyes filled with doubt.


 There was some kind of stuff hidden in the axle of the wheel, and it was continuously grinded down into fine gray powder as the wheels moved.


 The fine powder was unnoticeable when they fell down to the ground.


 Bai Ning Bing picked some of this powder and rubbed them with her fingers; the powder turned into grease.


 "Ah, I put these oil powder in the wheels to lubricate them and make the handcart move more smoothly." Fang Yuan walked over while taking out a cotton handkerchief from his pocket; he grabbed Bai Ning Bing’s hands and cleaned the grease off.


 After that, he crouched down and felt around the wheels - the wheels regained their mobility.


 "Let’s go." He wiped off the oil powder from his hands and patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder.


 The two continued to walk.


 Bai Ning Bing’s pace continued to become slower as the doubts in her hearts intensified and formed into a dense fog that couldn’t be dispelled.


 She sensed something was amiss.


 "When did Fang Yuan get this oil powder? How come I had no idea... was it since the beginning, or at Huang Jin mountain or at Xiao Yue mountain? Strange... he doesn’t seem to give a damn about the caravan; he hasn’t even frowned seeing such large losses to the caravan. But why would he care about oiling the handcart? Strange, strange!"


 "Wait a second!"


 Suddenly, a quick light seemed to flash past Bai Ning Bing’s mind.


 At that instant, her whole body shivered and her pupils suddenly shrunk down to pin-sized.


 A possibility echoed out from deep within her mind.


 She stopped at the spot, her mind filled with shock!


 After a long while, the ostrich which had been walking beside her suddenly screeched and woke her up.


 Fang Yuan’s figure was already far away now, gradually merging into the crowd in front.


 "This guy...." Bai Ning Bing lowered her head, covering the cold light flashing past her blue eyes under the cover of the straw hat.


 Sun was slowly setting down in the west and the many stars began to appear in the sky.


 The caravan stopped near a beach, they had decided to camp here for the night.


 However, just when they were half finished with setting up the camp, a group of cold jade owlcats appeared in the vicinity.


 "Beast group, it is the owlcat!"


 "Stop your work, make defensive formations!"


 "These damn animals, I just had my dinner..."


 People cursed and ran, but with the previous bitter suffering and tempering, they soon formed three tight defensive lines.


 Cold Jade Owlcat’s body was like that of a leopard’s and was extremely quick. Its face, though, was similar to an owl, its enormous eyes covered almost half of its face and shone with eerie green light in the dark.


 The owlcat king gave a loud cry; the owlcat groups charged towards the camp like a tide.


 "Kill!" The gu masters who were in the frontlines shouted.


 Momentarily, all kinds of colors flashed, fire blazed, rocks and soils flew, lightning rumbled...


 Countless owlcats collapsed, but more waves of owlcats rushed forth.


 "Heavens, this is a large scale cold jade owlcat groups." Someone shouted.


 "Ahh, save...." A part of the defensive lines couldn’t resist the attacks anymore, and a gu master was pounced upon by three owlcats, his tragic scream stopped mid-way, flesh and blood splattered in the air.


 "Quick, cover up that gap." Two gu masters were sent as reinforcements.


 However, it was of no use, the gap continued to increase, slowly destroying the whole defensive line.


 "Retreat, retreat!" In the end, they had no choice but to retreat to second defensive line.


 "Link the handcarts and carriages, and pile up the goods into high walls!"


 After the second defensive line, the third defensive line hurriedly set up a barricade.


 Many servants were busy moving the goods, their bodies soaked with sweat. No one could goof off at this time.


 Fang Yuan was moving a large trunk, when Bai Ning Bing suddenly walked over and lifted a side of the trunk.


 On the surface, she seemed to be helping Fang Yuan, but actually she moved closer to Fang Yuan and whispered to his ears while gritting her teeth: "You bastard, you attracted these cold jade owlcats, right?"


 Fang Yuan looked surprised: "Why do you say such a thing?"


 "Stop pretending. There was definitely something wrong with those powder, I don’t believe a guy like you will kindly consider these minor details!" Bai Ning Bing whispered.


 "Hahaha, you finally discovered it." Fang Yuan didn’t deny.


 Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help gritting her teeth, all the frequent attacks the caravan suffered on the way was all due to Fang Yuan’s ’contribution’!


 The two lifted the wooden trunk and moved slowly, the people around them were all busy shouting and moving, their concentration all on the battlefield. Who could have the time to listen to Fang and Bai’s whisperings?


 "Why are you doing this?" After a moment of silence, Bai Ning Bing asked.


 "Haha." Fang Yuan laughed, "Guess."


 Immediately, Bai Ning Bing felt a violent impulse to beat Fang Yuan up.



***
Chapter 247: White Feather Flying Elephant


***





 Chapter 247: White Feather Flying Elephant


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Ning Bing controlled her urge as her eyes squinted.


 She was after all an icy genius, easily able to understand things: "What does Shang Xin Ci have that makes Fang Yuan put in so much effort?"


 Firstly, she had assumed that Fang Yuan was after Shang Xin Ci’s beauty, but now she had overruled that assumption. She understood Fang Yuan, only a huge amount of benefit could make him exert himself like this.


 But after so many days, Bai Ning Bing had already understood Shang Xin Ci’s background, she was ostracised by Zhang clan, and was only a mortal with no cultivating talent.


 Shang Xin Ci was indeed beautiful as a flower, but this appearance was not a strength of hers, but a weakness.


 This appearance would invite the demonic claws of lust and crime. Most importantly, she did not have the power to protect herself, if not for the loyal rank three Gu Master serving her, she would’ve been caught and turned into a plaything long ago.


 Such a person, what value does she hold? Her business talent? It was nothing compared to Fang Yuan’s.


 Bai Ning Bing could not comprehend it at all.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, and did not reply Bai Ning Bing.


 "Those two over there, move faster, stop wasting time!" Not far away, a Gu Master pointed at Fang and Bai, shouting.


 Fang and Bai moved more quickly, as Bai Ning Bing suppressed her voice: "You’re messing around like this, aren’t you afraid of getting exposed? If anyone finds out, heheh, these people will fight you to the death!"


 "Then did they find out?" Fang Yuan rebuked.


 "Tsk..."


 The two put down their wooden boxes and walked back.


 To eliminate his own suspicion, Fang Yuan sacrificed most of his goods during the first beast group attack. After a few assaults, Zhang clan’s losses were the most severe. Many people felt pity for Shang Xin Ci, and even Shang Xin Ci herself approached Fang Yuan and consoled him.


 But now that Bai Ning Bing thought about it, she realized, although Fang Yuan seemed to have lost a lot of goods, his truly valuable goods were still kept till today. These goods were more than half the value of his entire fortune, thus his real losses were not as much as it seems!


 His concealment methods were truly divine, if she did not discover it by accident, she would still be in the dark.


 Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing felt indignant ——"This guy, he even hid the truth from me!"


 The two carried another box.


 Fang Yuan seemed to know Bai Ning Bing’s inner thoughts, laughing lightly: "To deceive the enemy, we have to deceive ourselves first. After all, I was not intentionally keeping it from you, you have your purpose to serve."


 "Oh, what purpose?" Bai Ning Bing naturally asked.


 "To alert myself. You are the person closest to me, if you find anything amiss, the others will do so soon."


 "But, it was coincidence today that I..."


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "Chance is represented by a certain trend, regardless, it is about time already."


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone: "What are you going to do?"


 Cold jade owlcat did not manage to break the third line of defense, as the second line of defense still held on, eliminating these attackers.


 After the battle, the survivors tallied the results, and cleaned up the battlefield.


 "How many times have we been attacked already?"


 "I wanna go home!"


 "Damn it, our luck is too terrible this time."


 "Should we continue forward? Maybe if we stay here and wait for the other caravan’s help, it might be a good idea."


 ...


 Everyone’s morale was low, some people grumbled, while most felt that the future was uncertain, and did not want to proceed further. Fear towards death, frustration and dread of the unknown emanated throughout the camp.


 "Jia caravan leader, why do you assign our Chen clan to guard the first line of defense every time? What motive do you have?!"


 "Chen vice leader, I have been fair and impartial the entire time. Your Chen clan has the greatest strength, now that we are in this together, we have to help each other. Those who are stronger put in more effort, of course you have more responsibilities as well.


 As the argument was sudden, many people’s attention was attracted.


 Jia Long and Chen vice leader Chen Shuang Jin stared at each other in a tense atmosphere.


 "My Chen clan is the strongest? Haha, Jia caravan leader you are truly speaking b*llshit, everyone knows how much fighting force you have left!" Chen Shuang Jin laughed coldly.


 "Ridiculous! From my clan, such a good person like Jia Ping had been sacrificed! What about your Chen clan?" Jia Long chided.


 "Both of you, now is not the time for arguments." Lin clan vice leader walked over and advised.


 Eventually, Jia and Chen left without coming to an agreement.


 "Even Lord Jia Long and Lord Chen Shuang Jin have argued. I thought Jia and Chen clan were very close?"


 "Sigh, at this crucial moment, it is everyone for themselves. Thinking of how to preserve their own strength, the relationship no longer matters."


 "According to the newest information, Jia clan’s two young masters have a huge disagreement, and Chen clan seem to have gone to rely on Jia Gui."


 "So that’s it. Lord Jia Long is Jia Fu’s subordinate, no wonder Chen clan did not give them face."


 The few Gu Masters discussed softly, as Fang Yuan’s heart stirred.


 Few days later, the caravan whose morale is rock bottom reached Xiang Ya mountain.


 Xiang Ya mountain reached into the clouds as large groups of elephants lived in it. The climate on the mountain was unique, from the mountain foot to mountain belt, it was moist and tropical, with lots of rainforests. From the mountain belt to mountain peak, it was snowy, dry and cold as cedar trees grew there.


 Everyone was cautious, but good news was that after entering Xiang Ya mountain for a few days, they did not encounter any beast group attacks.


 "Are we finally lucky for once?"


 "Naturally, after our luck hit rock bottom, it can only go up after that."


 "What a pity, our goods were almost all destroyed. We will have loss a lot of profits this time."


 "Hmph, be content you can keep your life, that’s good enough already!"


 "After Xiang Ya mountain, we have to get by Mu Bei mountain, Shuang Jiang mountain, then we will reach Zhao clan village. At that place I must sleep at least three days straight."


 ...


 Everyone were in a conversation as they commented on the future, as morale rose slightly.


 "Eh, snowing?" Someone looked up, seeing spots of white particles floating down from the air.


 "Rubbish, this is the foot of Xiang Ya mountain, how can there be snow?" Someone did not believe it, but once he raised his head, his expression froze.


 "It really is snowing..."


 "Damn it, this isn’t snow, it’s feathers!" Someone shouted.


 Many Gu masters in the caravan heard this and shuddered.


 White feathers, could it be —— White feather flying elephant?


 At this moment, intense winds flew as white feathers floated everywhere, like the advent of a snowstorm.


 Angggggg...... 1


 Hundreds of elephants cried out at once, stepping in the air as they charged towards the caravan on the ground.


 "Damn it, it really is the white feather flying elephants!"


 "How did we attract them, they should be living above the mountain belt."


 "Get into formation, faster get into formation!"


 But it was too late, under the rampage of the elephant group, anywhere they went, people were flipped off their horses.


 These white feather flying elephants, their bodies were covered in white feathers. With two three-meter long curved tusks, thick and sharp. With the huge impact of their charging, they were near unstoppable.


 The moving caravan were caught off guard. Under just one attack, hundreds of lives were taken away. Many servants were stomped into meat paste, and the carriages were pierced by the tusks. Three black skin fat beetles were killed, and winged snakes and ostriches ran about in panic, causing stomping incidents.


 At once, the scene was in utter chaos.


 "Gu Masters, all of the Gu Masters, gather here!" Jia Long shouted from among the people.


 But once he gathered over ten men, the elephant groups rushed down again, scattering the Gu Masters.


 The elephant group flew in the sky, preparing their third attack.


 "Sigh..." Jia Long sighed, knowing there was little hope of counter attacking, he could only shout: "Everyone, quickly escape, run into the surrounding rainforests!"


 Even without him mentioning it, many people had already rushed into the rainforests.


 But the white feather flying elephants’ charge were insanely powerful, after they got into the rainforests, trees were instantly fell as numerous people were stomped by the elephants.


 These flying elephants looked sacred and elegant, but their nature were bloodthirsty.


 Angggg!


 A flying elephant aimed at Shang Xin Ci and descended like a comet.


 "Miss, run! I’ll divert their attention!" At the crucial moment, Zhang Zhu stood out and shot a flash of red light at the flying elephant.


 The flying elephant was enraged, changing direction and aimed at Zhang Zhu.


 Zhang Zhu was a healing Gu Master, his attack and defense was not outstanding, thus escaping pitifully in the rainforest.


 The flying elephant came flying, bringing with it a ferocious roar of the wind.


 Zhang Zhu sprinted and managed to leap in front of him, as the flying elephant landed right behind him, breaking several trees and feathers dropped to the ground.


 "So close!" Zhang Zhu wiped the sweat off his forehead, just as he got up, his vision went dark.


 Bam!


 A thick tree branch was swung over by the white feather flying elephant, hitting Zhang Zhu’s body directly.


 At the moment of life and death, Zhang Zhu activated his defensive Gu, covering his body in a golden light.


 Splat!


 The golden light dispersed and he vomited out a mouthful of blood, as he was sent flying far away.


 His eyes were spinning with stars, as he felt extremely dizzy, lying on the ground unable to move.


 Somehow, he could hear the sound of elephant feet stomping, and it was getting louder.


 A cold chill went down his spine, his rich battle experience was telling him —— his life was in danger!


 He could not think further, quickly rolling on the ground.


 At almost the same time, the white feather flying elephant slammed down right beside him.


 Bam!


 Another thunderous impact, as the white feather flying elephant crashed on the mountain walls, its two tusks stabbing deep into the mountain rocks.


 The flying elephant cried loudly, trying to move its head and trying to move backwards with its four legs.


 Zhang Zhu’s vision finally started to clear up, and he stood up weakly. Seeing this scene, he could not help but sweat. If he was slightly slower earlier, he would’ve been torn to pieces.


 He checked his aperture, and there was still fifty percent of his primeval essence left. His defensive Gu was in a bad shape, close to dying.


 "I have to get back to Miss!" He was anxious in his heart, as a Gu Master, he already faced such dangers. Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die were mortals, their lives were in much greater danger and peril.


 That white feather flying elephant was still pulling out its tusks, as Zhang Zhu ran away rapidly, running in the direction his memories told him.


 At the area where they split, Shang Xin Ci was already missing.


 Zhang Zhu was hesitant on where to go, when a Gu Master ran over with three white feather flying elephants chasing him.


 "Save me!" He shouted.


 "Damn it." Zhang Zhu cursed, he could tell this was Chen clan’s young Gu Master, called Chen Xin.


 Zhang Zhu was worried about his lady’s safety, how could he care about Chen Xin, thus rapidly escaping.


 Chen Xin saw Zhang Zhu, and like a drowning person seeing a floating log, he chased after him immediately.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 "It is about time already" - Guess what Fang Yuan is planning.



***
Chapter 248: A peace of mind as long as one does what he can


***





 Chapter 248: A peace of mind as long as one does what he can


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Zhang Zhu cursed but was eventually dragged into the mess. It was a dangerous game of cat and mouse, while barely surviving, the two managed to shrug off the flying elephant but eventually got into a dead end at the cliff, their paths blocked by two flying elephants.


 The earth rumbled as a flying elephant came crashing.


 "Lad, split up!" Zhang Zhu shouted, sprinting towards the left.


 "God damn it!" Chen Xin shouted, before he could react, a flying elephant came crashing, and made a huge hole in the cliff behind him, as the tusks stabbed deeply into the mountain rocks.


 Both flying elephants were restricted in a way for now.


 "The heavens blessed me, my life is not fated to end yet!" Zhang Zhu breathed roughly, as he sprawled on the ground...


 The mountain wall was vibrating, as the two flying elephants growled loudly. They continued to shrug their heads, and caused shrapnels to fly all over the place as the holes that their tusks stabbed into enlarged.


 Zhang Zhu was shocked when he saw this, knowing the two elephants would quickly get loose, he propped himself and tried desperately to get up.


 He had just stood up, when he heard the wind blow towards him, and he shuddered!


 Pew!


 A white bone spear, with a spiral design, stabbed him from his back, penetrating his chest and stabbing firmly on the ground.


 Blood flowed along the bone spear, dripping on the ground.


 Zhang Zhu’s movements halted, opening his mouth slightly as blood oozed out of the corner of his lips.


 He gradually lowered his head, looking at this fatal spiral bone spear.


 Initially he had thought it was the white feather flying elephants’ tusks, but soon, he realized this was the attack of a Gu Master.


 "Who is it?" He wanted to turn his head, to see who had backstabbed him.


 But the next second.


 Pew , another bone spear was fired!


 This spear, flew directly into his brain, and came out of his mouth, as the tip stabbed on the ground.


 Zhang Zhu was firmly kept in place, his eyes widening in futile, while his pupils shrunk.


 He was dead.


 Dying with grievance.


 At a hidden corner, Fang Yuan observed from afar.


 These few days, he had obtained Zhang Zhu’s information, this person was an obstacle that had to be removed.


 The two white bone spears gradually dissipated into white light, dispersing into the air.


 Zhang Zhu lost his support, and crashed onto the ground.


 A white feather flying elephant pulled out its tusks, and charged towards Zhang Zhu’s corpse, stomping on it, easily turning it into meat paste, and crushing all his bones.


 The white feathers scattered and the flying elephant took off, flying into mid air again.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, Zhang Zhu was confirmed to be dead. After the flying elephant stomped on the corpse, Fang Yuan did not even need to clear up the crime scene.


 He left stealthily.


 After he left, the other flying elephant took off as well.


 Its tusks penetrated the mountain walls, and left two bowl-sized holes. The wall caved in as it was surrounded by debris.


 Suddenly under the pile of rocks, a head emerged.


 "My god, I was scared to death! Thankfully I had the bury Gu and avoided this crisis..." Chen Xin dug his way out, breathing raggedly as cold sweat poured down his spine, experiencing after fear.


 This bury Gu allowed Gu Masters to dig into the ground and hide. The weakness was, once used, the Gu Master can only be buried at one spot, and cannot move. After activating, the Gu Master also has to consume a lot of primeval essence to sustain it.


 Chen Xin was chased as he ran, only at the final moment, did he have the opportunity to use it.


 "The situation is getting more chaotic, there is actually a Gu Master assassinating Zhang Zhu." Seeing Zhang Zhu corpse, turned into meat paste, completely unrecognisable, Chen Xin gulped and escaped frantically.


 The elephant group continued rampaging for two hours before leaving.


 Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die supported each other as the walked out of the rainforest.


 Their bodies were full of mud and soil, looking battered and exhausted, and Xiao Die’s face was even blue-black. Evidently, when escaping, she had knocked into something and gotten a bruise.


 "Missy..." She was scared out of her wits, death was so close to her, even trembling as she walked.


 Shang Xin Ci patted her hand, trying to give her assurance. However, she herself was pale.


 Along the way, corpses lined the road as blood flowed into the wilderness. Broken carriage wheels, dead ostriches, and the corpses of black skin fat beetles and winged snakes laid on the pavements.


 As the survivors gathered together, anguished cries, sniffing and painful growls mixed into one.


 As the leader of the caravan, Jia Long’s face was as black as charcoal. The fatalities were too severe this time, the entire caravan lost majority of its members, less than a-tenth remained, most were crippled.


 After gathering the people, only a hundred were left. Majority were Gu Masters, and few were mortals.


 The strongest Jia clan and Chen clan were deep in losses, not to mention the others. Lin clan had only three Gu Masters left, and some unfortunate clans’ groups were completely wiped out.


 The rainforest also had its danger, many people did not die from the white feather flying elephants’ rampage, but were attacked by the wild beasts and poisonous worms in the rainforest.


 "Bai Yun, it is great to see you. Earlier in the rainforest, thanks for drawing a white feather flying elephant away from us." Among the people, Shang Xin Ci found Bai Ning Bing and thanked her.


 Fang Yuan did not trust Bai Ning Bing, afraid she would collude with Zhang Zhu, thus he went to kill Zhang Zhu personally. As a result, Bai Ning Bing followed Shang Xin Ci in secret to protect her life.


 "This is nothing, I always return kindness. Zhang clan lady, what saved you is not me, but your kind actions in the past." Bai Ning Bing said.


 She was always quiet and solemn, almost never speaking. Even if she spoke, she suppressed and changed her voice intentionally.


 But now she no longer concealed it, using her normal voice to speak, her tone was cold and indifferent, but clear and evidently female, causing Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die’s face to turn slightly shocked.


 "That’s right, Bai Yun, did you see Uncle Zhang Zhu?" Shang Xin Ci asked anxiously: "I’ve looked around but did not manage to find him."


 Bai Ning Bing sighed, since Fang Yuan returned, she knew Zhang Zhu was definitely dead.


 "No worries lady, Zhang Zhu is a Gu Master, having the ability to protect himself. He might be on the way back." She consoled.


 "Hopefully so." Shang Xin Ci’s eyebrows were tightly knit, as the uneasiness in her heart intensified.


 At the other side, Leader Jia Long stood at a high ground, shouting: "Everyone, listen up. The smell here will soon attract other beast groups. We have to leave quickly. Everyone move quickly, bring along all the goods that you can salvage. Those that are too heavy, we will have to discard them. In thirty minutes, we must leave this area."


 The danger was not over yet, everyone could only force themselves to work under the intense grief.


 "Save me, someone please save me! I am still bleeding..."


 "Bring me along, I am only crippled in one leg, I can still walk."


 "I’m begging you, I’ll pay with primeval stones. Two, three? Even four will do!"


 Those family servants who were severely injured and could not move all begged earnestly.


 Very few people received help, those who were injured or crippled could not help out in manual labor and were a burden. Many were heartlessly left behind.


 Seeing everyone leave, many went into a frenzy and started to curse.


 Many crawled on the ground and tried to catch up to the caravan.


 "Save me, Lady Zhang, you are the kindest person!"


 "Lady Zhang, please show mercy..."


 Shang Xin Ci’s footsteps halted, her lips trembling, her face was pale without any blood circulation as her eyes darted around frantically.


 The mountain winds blew on her green blouse, and her messy hair made her appear like a small grass in the middle of a storm.


 "Lady Zhang, quickly leave. Now is not the time to be kind." Fang Yuan got to her side, and held her arm, forcing her to move ahead.


 Xiao Die who could not stop talking normally kept her mouth shut, moving along silently, her legs trembling.


 "Trust me, everything will get better." Fang Yuan said in a gentle tone.


 Shang Xin Ci grabbed her chest, breathing in deeply. It was as if oxygen was thin and she could not breathe properly.


 At the start, she used her nose to breathe, but soon she opened her mouth and swallowed mouthfuls of air.


 Her footsteps became more unsteady, as her limbs grew weak, if not for Fang Yuan supporting her, she might have collapsed on the ground already.


 The smell of blood assaulted her nose as her entire body was drenched from sweat. When the mountain winds blew, she shuddered from the cold.


 But after this shiver, her breathing gradually calmed down.


 After a few more steps, she no longer needed to breathe heavily. After thirty steps, she closed her mouth and her nasal breathing slowed. After fifty steps, her footsteps gradually gained strength, and she no longer needed Fang Yuan’s support.


 The mountain path extended up the cliff, she walked to the top of a slope and the mountain winds blew her hair all over the place.


 She stretched out her arm, and began to comb them.


 When she had finally finished arranging her hair, the confusion, fear, and worry in her expression vanished, only a sturdy determined gaze remained.


 "Thank you." She said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded, letting go of her arm.


 On the slope, she gradually stopped her steps, looking back.


 "Do you know? This is the most difficult road I’ve walked on since my birth." She sighed in agony, her face still pale but her voice was extremely gentle and soft.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile, so this is Shang Xin Ci? As expected of the person that impacted the southern borders.


 Even Bai Ning Bing looked twice, seeing Shang Xin Ci in a different light.


 To a mortal young girl, after encountering such a disaster, being able to reorganise herself so quickly was an amazing feat.


 On this road, voices of crying and pleas were constantly heard, this was nothing to Fang and Bai, but to Shang Xin Ci, it was a great torture and interrogation!


 Especially after Zhang Zhu’s disappearance, after losing her greatest reliance, Shang Xin Ci could still bravely face this situation head on, it was truly outstanding.


 On this road, although it was an ordinary mountain path, it was a difficult trial of the heart. Shang Xin Xi gritted her teeth, and did not collapse, walking past with determination.


 At this instant, she matured.


 Fang Yuan suddenly laughed lightly, staring at Shang Xin Ci deeply: "Lady Zhang, since you are so kind, why did you not save those who were abandoned?"


 This attracted Xiao Die’s furious stare.


 Shang Xin Ci laughed bitterly: "If I could save them, I would definitely do it, but unfortunately, no matter what I try, I cannot save these people."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "This is the part where I admire you the most. Irrational kindness is a crime. Although you are a mortal, you have my respect. Lady Zhang, in life, there are many obstacles, sometimes the road might be very dirty and difficult, but as long as you do all that you can, you will have a peace of mind."


 Shang Xin Ci looked at Fang Yuan, light shining in her beautiful eyes.


 She had guessed long ago, that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were not mortals. From his tone earlier, she finally confirmed this.


 In her perspective, she had unknowingly given Fang and Bai some help, these were small acts of kindness, but it won their recognition and admiration.


 Afterwards, Fang and Bai helped her many times, first during Fei Hou mountain, and later earning money for her. And a moment ago, they saved her life.


 She was a weak girl, chased from her clan, and even lost half of her goods, what did she have that they could exploit?


 Nothing!


 Under such circumstances, they still stood by her side. Just this action, she could tell that although they were mysterious, their nature were pure and righteous, as true beauty and kindness hid in their hearts.


 Meeting them, was her fortune.


 Thinking so, Shang Xin Ci’s heart was palpitating with gratitude, as she stared at Fang Yuan deeply, saying sincerely.


 "Thank you."


 Just two words, expressed the immense gratitude in her heart.


 Bai Ning Bing could not help but roll her eyes.


 If Shang Xin Ci found out that the entire misfortune was caused by Fang Yuan singlehandedly, who knows how she would react to that?


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 “The heavens blessed me, my life is not fated to end yet!” This is why you don’t raise flags...



***
Chapter 249: A droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring!


***





 Chapter 249: A droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "The report on casualties have come out; right now, we are left with a hundred and thirty seven people, among which seventy eight are Gu Masters and fifty nine are mortals." A vice leader reported to everyone.


 At this time, in this tattered tent, the surviving leaders of the caravan were all gathered together, discussing their options.


 The mood was heavy and oppressive.


 The caravan leader Jia Long was frowning and his brows almost tightened into a knot when he heard the report.


 Their caravan had originally been a large-sized caravan with over a thousand people, but now it was down to this pathetic number. One might think seventy eight Gu Masters were quite a high number, but only twelve were rank three Gu Masters, twenty eight were rank two and remaining thirty eight were all rank one Gu Masters.


 This number included all the injured and disabled Gu Masters. In truth, the amount of Gu Masters who still retained their strength did not amount to even half.


 Mortal lives were cheap, they could abandon these servants, but Gu Masters were different.


 Every Gu Master was a precious resource to their clans, they couldn’t be abandoned.


 Jia Long knew these disabled Gu Masters were a huge burden to the caravan, and were just adding more problems to the already crumbling logistics department of the caravan to preserve their lives and treat their injuries.


 However, Jia Long didn’t dare to abandon them, if he abandoned the Gu Masters, the morale would completely break down and all the remaining Gu Masters would feel insecure; the whole caravan would collapse. Their end result would be food for the beast groups.


 At this time, the vice leader who had reported the statistics, changed the subject: "The only fortunate thing is there are still a lot of goods remaining in the caravan. If we distribute these ownerless goods, then the primeval stones we distribute will be enough to make up for most of our losses."


 In the calamity just before, there were many deaths but the loss to goods was instead few.


 If the goods were equally distributed, the survivors could instead profit from this.


 Almost everyone present in the tent had shining eyes now.


 Merchants chased after profits, even if they were in danger, this innate nature did not change.


 The group of people began looking at each other before vice leader Chen Shuang Jin coughed: "I feel that equal distribution isn’t quite proper. In the battle just before, my Chen Clan has sacrificed the most and has also killed the most white feather flying elephants. I want at least thirty percent of these ownerless goods!"


 "Thirty percent?"


 "Impossible!"


 "How much did your Chen Clan sacrifice? What about my Wei Chi Clan that had to sacrifice a young rank two peak stage genius?"


 "No matter what, our Zhi Clan demands twenty percent."


 ...


 The commotion in the tent began to turn into disputes. Everyone felt greed in front of benefits.


 Only Shang Xin Ci was sitting silently in the group.


 The stronger groups demanded more; the weaker groups demanded equal distribution.


 The dispute was turning fiercer and even attracted many inquiring gazes from outside the tent.


 Shang Xin Ci suddenly stood up.


 The tent suddenly quietened down.


 "Everyone," Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes swept over everyone, "the urgent matter is not the distribution of these goods but how we should continue forward. Maybe there will be more beast groups at the next moment! We are in the same boat and are tied together by fate. However, our individual strength is limited, so we need to collaborate together to have a chance at survival."


 She paused for a moment and continued, "I suggest that we will all contribute our goods and take out the things which can be helpful to us. As I proposed it, my Zhang Clan shall act as the example; I am willing to contribute all of the goods in my possession without seeking compensation."


 "What?"


 "Free contribution?!"


 Momentarily, many became tongue-tied; Chen Shuang Jin, Jia Long and others all showed different expressions.


 "I am tired, I hope everyone can agree on an effective method soon. I will take my leave." Saying this, Shang Xin Ci nodded her head and opened the tent flap.


 She hadn’t even walked five steps out of the tent, when a huge commotion broke out in the tent.


 Now that Zhang Clan’s goods were also added on the list, the benefits had become even higher, making everyone frantic.


 Shang Xin Ci’s steps slowed, but she just clenched her fists and heaved a deep sigh.


 She was also a merchant and naturally wanted to chase after profits. Her so-called ’voluntary contribution’ just before was of course not heartfelt.


 It was just that the current situation had forced her. She was like a child who was carrying a large sum of money and had no choice but to protect herself as she walked among the adults.


 When she walked back to her tent, she saw Xiao Die curling up and weeping at the corner, her eyes bloodshot.


 She had grown up and lived together with Shang Xin Ci almost all her life. The horror from white feather flying elephants was bursting out right now.


 "Xiao Die." Shang Xin Ci sighed and sat beside her, consoling.


 "Missy, I am scared. Weep weep.... Lord Zhang Zhu hasn’t returned yet, it can’t be, it can’t be..." Xiao Die buried her head in Shang Xin Ci’s chest as she wept bitter tears.


 Shang Xin Ci patted her back and spoke words of comfort, but Xiao Die still continued to cry.


 "Xiao Die, Uncle Zhang Zhu might not return ever again." Shang Xin Ci said in a heavy tone.


 The moment these words were said, she clearly felt Xiao Die’s body shiver.


 "Missy... that’s not true, that can’t be!" Xiao Die raised her head, her eyes were bloodshot and she was repeatedly shaking her head.


 "Accept the truth, Xiao Die!" Shang Xin Ci suddenly said in a strict voice, "From now on, we can only rely on ourselves. Don’t cry, don’t cry, crying won’t solve any problems!"


 "Rely on ourselves? But we are both mortals, if not for Lord Zhang Zhu, we couldn’t have even embarked on this expedition." Xiao Die said with eyes filled with tears, her morale low.


 "You are right. If it was not for Uncle Zhang Zhu’s identity, how could these people let me become on of the vice leaders. Xiao Die, you are right, we are mortals; but mortals also have their strengths!" Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flashed with a resolute light.


 She looked at Xiao Die with her bright gaze and shook Xiao Die’s arm: "Xiao Die, do you believe in me?"


 As Xiao Die looked at the current Shang Xin Ci, she felt an unknown strength filling her.


 This strength came from Shang Xin Ci and then pervaded her body, influencing her heart and making her feel like she was being illuminated by light.


 "Missy..." Xiao Die’s gaze flashed, she had never seen this form of her lady; at this instant, she felt that her lady looked more beautiful than ever before.


 "I believe you!" She answered softly but resolutely.


 "Good. Listen properly, we are in a dangerous situation now, sometimes people can be more dreadful than wild beasts. Bring all our savings and let’s go find Hei Tu and Bai Yun."


 "Okay. I will do as you say missy!"


 ...


 After about five minutes.


 In the tent, Fang Yuan and Shang Xin Ci was sitting cross-legged opposite each other.


 Fang Yuan stared ruminatingly at the beautiful girl in front of him: "You are telling me, you’ve already contributed all of our goods for free? To those insatiable hyenas?"


 "Yes, that is so." Shang Xin Ci calmly admitted.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, his gaze towards Shang Xin Ci was filled with admiration.


 She was truly smart, having the resolution to let go!


 Zhang Zhu was dead, Shang Xin Ci was only a mortal and even if she represented Zhang Clan, her position was not equal to the other vice leaders.


 It would be easy for these Gu Masters to swallow Shang Xin Ci’s properties.


 They would kill Shang Xin Ci and put the blame on the beast groups, no one could say anything at that time. Zhang Clan also wouldn’t investigate thoroughly for a mere Shang Xin Ci.


 To Shang Xin Ci, these goods on her hands had become incomparably hot and could court disaster towards her. Hence, she wisely chose to give up these cause of disaster to others, and guarantee her safety.


 However, she was very aware that this type of safety wasn’t reliable at all and thus came here.


 "I came here to apologize to you, I am really sorry." Shang Xin Ci bowed towards Fang Yuan, "You borrowed these goods, so these goods should have been yours, but I rudely took the matters into my own hands. As an apology, I ask you to please accept these."


 Shang Xin Ci brought forward the two wooden trunks.


 Without even opening them, Fang Yuan knew these trunks were filled with primeval stones.


 Most of it was what he earned himself and the fifty-fifty percentage shares of Shang Xin Ci as well.


 Fang Yuan couldn’t help but observe Shang Xin Ci.


 Their gazes met each other in the air, gradually coming to a tacit understanding.


 They were both smart and understood many things without them having been said.


 In Shang Xin Ci’s perception, Fang Yuan was deliberately hiding his identity and could very possibly be a Gu Master. From all his behaviors till now, Shang Xin Ci felt he was a reliable person. If there was someone who could still help her, Fang Yuan was no doubt the best choice because she felt at ease towards him.


 However, she also had some misgivings. First, she didn’t know what strength Fang Yuan truly possessed; there was a huge difference between rank one, rank two or rank three. Secondly, there was definitely some painful backstory for Fang Yuan to hide his identity, so he might not necessarily reveal his identity to help her.


 Shang Xin Ci had offered up all the goods without getting Fang Yuan’s consent, and after getting the most basic guarantee for safety, she brought out all her savings to find Fang Yuan. She was saying it was her apology, but this action was actually inviting Fang Yuan to her side, hoping to obtain his help.


 She knew Fang Yuan and her were the same type of people, and could come to a tacit understanding of smart people.


 The two gazed at each other for a long while before Fang Yuan smiled and broke the silence: "These primeval stones, it is better for Lady Zhang to take them back."


 Shang Xin Ci’s expression slightly paled as her heart sank.


 From her understanding, Fang Yuan refusing these primeval stones meant he was refusing to help her.


 However, what could she do about this?


 Even if she talked of it, Fang Yuan had already repaid her many times over; there were very few people in the world who would do this. Shang Xin Ci couldn’t demand anything.


 However, if Hei Tu didn’t help her, who else was there? Bai Yun? That wasn’t like to work, they seemed to have very intimate relationship; advancing or retreating together.


 Shang Xin Ci couldn’t think of any other person, a bitter smile appeared in her beautiful appearance: "I understand. But these primeval stones are my gift to you. Ordinary people holding treasures will court calamity, if you don’t accept them, I might have to contribute them too."


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Lady Zhang, you misunderstood me. When I and Bai Yun had just entered the caravan, we were severely wounded and were barely hanging by a thread. Our strength had fallen to an all-time low and our goods were even coveted by some strong servants. Truly, when you are low and down, even scums come to bully you . It was you who sheltered us and gave us enough time to recuperate. It won’t be wrong to see this favor as saving our lives."


 "And I am someone who repays kindness and takes revenge for enmity. Although you are a mortal, I acknowledge you and even admire you. It is fate we met each other among such a vast population. A droplet of water received in need will be repaid with a whole spring , let alone the favor of saving life. Take back the primeval stones, I will definitely protect you with all my strength!"


 "Ah...." Shang Xin Ci couldn’t help giving a soft cry.


 Her eyelashes shook and her eyes reddened, turning tearful.


 Because of her tears, Fang Yuan appeared blurry in her vision. However, in her heart, Fang Yuan’s image became incomparably clear.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Moral of the story: Kindness begets kindness.



***
Chapter 250: Truly Demonic Gu Masters!


***





 Chapter 250: Truly Demonic Gu Masters!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 As the saying goes, adding icing on the cake cannot compare to offering help in times of need .


 Troubled times and turbulence revealed people’s true colors.


 Fang Yuan, however, wasn’t concerned with Shang Xin Ci’s expression; next was the truly important thing.


 He continued: "There is something I must tell you."


 "Please speak." Shang Xin Ci wiped the corners of her eyes with her jade-like fingers, and adjusted her mood.


 "Bai Yun and I are demonic path Gu Masters." Fang Yuan said.


 Shang Xin Ci wasn’t surprised and instead nodded her head. She had already anticipated this. Previously, Zhang Zhu had also guessed this and had reminded her to be on guard against Fang and Bai.


 She was thus mentally prepared and could calmly accept this shocking statement.


 She didn’t have the aptitude to cultivate and was, moreover, an illegitimate child; her different life experience made her mature fast and have a deep understanding of the world’s nature.


 What’s more, right now, she didn’t have any other better options.


 Fang Yuan’s voice turned cold: "Those from the demonic path are vicious and merciless. Bai Yun and I are no exception; we have taken lives."


 Shang Xin Ci subconsciously puckered her lips.


 "You have to trust me, for me to be able to help you. But rest assured, after I feel that I have repaid your favor in full, I will quietly leave. Others will not associate you with demonic Gu Masters. But before that, Bai Yun and I will show up as Zhang Clan’s Gu Masters, I hope that you can clarify our identities." Fang Yuan indifferently said.


 Shang Xin Ci revealed a resolute gaze: "Lord Hei Tu, just address me as Xin Ci. You are of demonic path, but you are frank and someone of principles. Xin Ci is not pedantic, those righteous Gu Masters are mostly just hypocrites, being able to receive your protection is my fortune."


 "Hahaha." Fang Yuan laughed loudly and looked deeply at Shang Xin Ci, "As long as you don’t regret it later."


 Shang Xin Ci was just about to speak when there came a sound from outside the tent.


 "Zhang Xin Ci is in this tent?" It was an arrogant and youthful male voice.


 "Lord Gu Master, please stay where you are. Missy is having an important discussion inside." Xiao Die blocked the man.


 "Important discussion? Haha, all of your Zhang Clan’s goods have been donated, what important matters could there be to discuss?" The man sneered.


 "Lord Gu Master... aahhh!" Xiao Die suddenly screamed, and then there was the sound of her falling to the ground.


 "Get lost, you lowly slave dare to block my, Ou Fei’s, path?!"


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes immediately flashed with panic and worry; she was about to stand up, but was blocked by Fang Yuan.


 The tent flap was suddenly lifted and a devious looking young Gu Master appeared in front of the two.


 "Zhang Xin Ci!" The young Gu Master’s gaze immediately landed on Shang Xin Ci’s body, without bothering to conceal the lustful desire within.


 "Haha, you were here, I have been looking all over for you." He curled up his lips and raised his head, looking at Shang Xin Ci as if everything was under his control.


 Shang Xin Ci was wearing green clothings, and looked like a delicate lotus; there seemed to be nothing more beautiful than her.


 This beautiful figure was already ingrained into many hearts in the caravan. Ou Fei was one of them; he had always yearned for her and wooed after her several times, but was always rejected by Shang Xin Ci. He had thought of using force, but had to control himself because of Zhang Zhu’s presence.


 Now, the only Gu Master from Zhang Clan in the caravan, Zhang Zhu, was dead. Shang Xin Ci was just a mere mortal but was so beautiful; Ou Fei had been coveting her in his heart and now he had this chance.


 Ou Fei’s lustful and invading gaze made Shang Xin Ci’s heart twinge, her mood turning dismal.


 She had given up the goods of her own accord, but was still not able to obtain safety. Her appearance had become a curse. These righteous Gu Masters who normally appeared dignified had now torn their masks.


 Shang Xin Ci was clear that this Ou Fei was only the most impatient one and there were still many other wolves like him.


 "I am not sure for what matters has Lord Ou Fei come for?" Shang Xin Ci stood up and asked in greeting.


 "Hahaha!" Ou Fei threw his head back and laughed, "I came to help you, Xin Ci. Darling, the Gu Master protecting you has still not returned, he is definitely dead. You are only a weak woman, and as long as you rely on me, you can live safely. Pitiful girl, you don’t need to thank me, this is how kind I am, just follow me."


 Saying so, he walked forward to grab Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci’s face was pale, she was a young girl after all and couldn’t help taking a step back.


 This delicate and pitiful look, instead ignited the lust in Ou Fei.


 "Missy, you can’t go with him!" Xiao Die ran into the tent and opened her arms to block in front of Ou Fei.


 Ou Fei became furious, and immediately slapped Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die tumbled onto the ground, her cheek was already swollen up. She felt dizzy and her ears were ringing from the slap.


 "Xiao Die!" Shang Xin Ci quickly crouched down and supported her.


 "Missy, leave quickly. Even if I die, I won’t let you take Missy!" Xiao Die slowly stood up and stared fiercely at Ou Fei; her gaze carried fear, anger and also decisiveness.


 "You lowly servant, you want to die, I will fulfill your wish!" Ou Fei was going crazy with anger, he raised his hand and slapped down.


 However, the next moment, a sturdy hand stretched out from seemingly nothingness, and fiercely grabbed his arm.


 "Who is it?!" Ou Fei was startled, but when he looked at the person that was grabbing his arm, he only saw an ugly servant.


 "Such audacity!" Ou Fei’s expression twisted into one full of anger.


 He tried taking back his arm, but Fang Yuan’s arm was like iron pincers and didn’t even move a bit.


 "Dog slave, you are still not releasing your hand?!" Ou Fei’s anger had reached the peak, turning into huge killing intent. He was going to activate his primeval essence when Fang Yuan suddenly smiled.


 His whole face was full of burn injuries and he was also one ear short; right now as he smiled, he appeared extremely terrifying.


 Ou Fei’s heart immediately palpitated; Fang Yuan had already released his hand.


 Then.


 He raised his leg and gave a strong kick at Ou Fei’s stomach.


 Bang.


 Ou Fei only felt an enormous strength - that he had no way to resist - attack him. With the intense pain that followed, his whole body flew out of the tent like tattered rags, stopping only after twenty to thirty feet.


 For a person to shoot out from a tent was a rather big commotion.


 The surrounding people stopped to watch the show.


 The tent flap was torn when Ou Fei flew out. From the torn hole, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die saw Ou Fei lying motionless on the ground.


 The two were dumbfounded.


 Merchants always paid particular attention to amiability with others, even putting on smiles when they were wronged. Shang Xin Ci’s came from a poor background, she had already learned to endure and was used to lowering her head. Although she had rank three Zhang Zhu before, he was after all a healing Gu Master and couldn’t do much by himself; most of the conflicting views had to be resolved warmly. Peacefully like the flow of water or the thawing of snow.


 However, Fang Yuan’s sudden kick was like a crash of thunder, a steep cliff; with no hints of moderation and restraint, it carried a dominating tyranny.


 This intense violence far surpassed the two girl’s imagination.


 Ou Fei laid on the ground, stupefied for several seconds. Then the intense pain in his stomach aroused strong hatred and anger in him.


 Someone had kicked him and that someone was even a servant!


 "Bastard, you actually dared to kick me! How dare you kick me? You lowly mortal, you are asking for death! I will cut your corpse into thousand pieces!!" Ou Fei growled in fury and stood up from the ground.


 The anger made his whole face red, he was gritting his teeth and his eyes clearly showed his anger; he looked just like a wild beast that was about to devour a human.


 "Go and die!" He crazily charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took a steady step forward, and blocked in front of the two girls with his head high and chest out.


 Ou Fei suddenly jumped when he reached close, he reached the heights of twenty feet before diving down at Fang Yuan.


 "I will swat you into meat paste!" He shouted and stretched out his two palms.


 Under the influence of his Gu, his palms increased in size by over three times, and as it ruthlessly came down on Fang Yuan, even the wind seemed to scream indicating at its violent strength.


 If Fang Yuan was truly a mortal, he would definitely be swatted into meat paste by Ou Fei’s palms, dying a terrible death.


 However, he was no mortal.


 Not only that, he was a rank two upper stage Gu Master.


 And not only was he a rank two upper stage Gu Master, he even had a portion of rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence in his aperture.


 Since his advancement to rank two, Fang Yuan’s aperture had been able to contain some snow silver primeval essence. Especially during the frequent attacks by the beast groups, Fang Yuan had stored a portion of snow silver primeval essence to avoid any mishaps. Hence, Fang Yuan might be at rank two upper stage, but his fighting prowess wasn’t limited to that.


 And this Ou Fei - was no more than a rank two initial stage trash.


 Whoosh!


 The strong wind brought forth by Ou Fei’s attack, was blowing at the two girls’ bunned hair.


 Xiao Die’s face was deathly pale upon seeing Ou Fei descending like a deity, his two hands swatting down with an extreme power.


 Shang Xin Ci’s heart was also palpitating, and couldn’t help but shout: "Careful!"


 Fang Yuan only scoffed, before lightly flicking his forefinger.


 Spiral bone spear Gu!


 A spiral bone spear suddenly shot out towards the sky.


 "What?!" Ou Fei was shocked, his mind was in chaos as he tried to immediately dodge.


 The bone spear pierced through his defense and skewered his shoulder, before stopping at the scapula; fresh blood spewed out of the wound.


 The pain immediately stopped the momentum of Ou Fei’s dive and he fell down on the ground in a sorry state.


 "You are actually a Gu Master!" He cried out in panic and surprise.


 Fang Yuan didn’t reply, he just rushed forward and smashed his right fist at Ou Fei.


 Ou Fei was dazed as he looked at the fist rapidly expanding towards him.


 "Damn it!" He cursed and promptly activated his Gu worm as well as subconsciously raising his fan sized palm to block the attack.


 Bang!


 The strength of two boars and a crocodile burst forth.


 The enormous strength tore through Ou Fei’s palms, breaking his defense and then struck his face.


 His nose bone fractured and his whole face caved in by the attack. The attack sent him flying, blood spurting out wildly all along the way. And as he fell on the ground like tattered rags, he was already as dead as a corpse could be.


 "Oh my god, he killed him!"


 "A Gu Master was killed!"


 The spectators were horrified; some cried in fear and some screamed.


 Fang Yuan’s body was covered by a layer of white light. This was the effect of the canopy Gu. He couldn’t have used his strength as he much as he liked without this layer of defense.


 "Gu... he is a Gu Master!!" Xiao Die’s eyes widened into the size of saucers.


 Shang Xin Ci was also dumbfounded with shock, she suddenly recalled Fang Yuan’s words as she looked at his back.


 "Those from the demonic path are vicious and merciless. Bai Yun and I are no exception; we have taken lives."


 They were truly demonic Gu Masters!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan saved the day :)



***
Chapter 251: The son’s wrongdoings is the father’s failure to teach!


***





 Chapter 251: The son’s wrongdoings is the father’s failure to teach!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Dead, he is truly dead!"


 "What happened?"


 "What the heck is happening here?"


 Ou Fei’s corpse was on the ground like a dead dog. How could it not attract attention?


 In just a short period of time, the commotion here had become so big that it spread throughout the whole camp.


 More and more people started gathering. Most of them cried out in surprise when they saw Ou Fei’s corpse, as they would start inquiring about the events.


 In moments, the scene was surrounded by layers of human walls; whisperings and discussions could be heard everywhere.


 "Two people suddenly fought and one died immediately after. It’s terrible!"


 "He is the killer!" Someone cautiously pointed at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was holding his arms crossed at his chest and his head held high. He was standing indifferently at the same spot, and ignored the discussions in the surroundings as if they didn’t exist.


 "Hey, he is only a servant, how could he kill a Gu Master?" There were naturally people who were doubtful.


 "He is not a servant, I personally saw him shooting out a white spear and also killing Ou Fei in one punch, it frightened the soul out of me!" A Gu Master who had seen the whole event, said.


 "A white spear?!" Chen Xin’s heart suddenly jumped when he heard this.


 He had accidentally witnessed the death of Zhang Zhu and the image of Fang Yuan’s spiral bone spear was deeply ingrained in his mind. Thus, when he heard this sensitive term ’white spear’, he immediately linked both scenes.


 "What is happening? What the hell happened here!?" Jia Long’s displeased voice travelled over.


 "Ah, it is the caravan leader and the vice leaders too." The crowd quickly made a way.


 "Someone is dead!"


 "Alright, someone was killed... eh, isn’t this vice leader Ou’s son?"


 The vice leader who looked at this scene commented in a low voice.


 Just after he finished speaking, a mournful scream resounded in everyone’s ears.


 "Ahh! My son!! What happened to you, what happened to you?!" A figure rapidly ran to Ou Fei’s corpse, then his movement slowed down all of a sudden.


 This person was Ou Clan’s Ou Yang Gong; he was short and thin, with an aquiline nose.


 Ou Fei’s face was completely smashed, his brains and blood mixed together to form a small puddle on the ground. It was clear his life force was already completely extinguished.


 Ou Yang Gong fixed his eyes at his son’s corpse, tears rolling down his face: "My son, you died such a terrible death. Who was it!? Who was the one that killed my son so viciously!? I am going to rip him into pieces!!"


 He was ballistic with anger and his scream was like the ravings of a madman.


 Seemingly as a reply to his question, every gazes gathered on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sneered and calmly said: "Of course it is me. Are you blind? I have been standing here for so long and you couldn’t see me?"


 Such an arrogant reply caused the crowd to immediately fall into a clamor.


 Jia Long and other vice leaders also couldn’t help frowning.


 Fang Yuan’s fearless appearance was causing them to hesitate. In particular, Fang Yuan’s servant clothings made them unable to see the ins and outs of this situation, thus they cautiously chose to stay on the sidelines.


 "You are the killer!" Ou Yang Gong stared intently at Fang Yuan with gaze as sharp as a knife, but despite being almost crazed with hatred, he didn’t make a move.


 Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 His own son was lying dead in front of him, but this Ou Yang Gong was actually restraining his killing intent and didn’t rush at him.


 Actually, who among those who travelled outside to trade weren’t observant? Ou Yang Gong had lived for so long and was habituated to life or death in his travels. He was an elder and being able to stand in such a high position in Ou Clan was a proof of his ability.


 However, him not making a move didn’t mean Fang Yuan wouldn’t.


 In all honesty, Ou Fei’s appearance had made Fang Yuan extremely happy — he would make an example out of him as a warning to others, and his strong presence could then awe the crowd.


 But just an Ou Fei wasn’t enough for it. But what if he added in this Ou Yang Gong....


 Hahaha, that would be perfect!


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into an evil smile as he thought of this: "Old man, you appeared just in time. Your son dared to be disrespectful to my clan’s lady, the anger in my heart has yet to dissipate! Your son commited a crime because you didn’t discipline him properly. You are the main cause of this, now pay with your life!"


 After saying this, he ran forward and, in a blink of an eye, he was almost about to collide against Ou Yang Gong.


 Ou Yang Gong’s beard flew with rage.


 What was this nonsense? What twisted reasoning was this!?


 This guy was clearly the killer but was framing him as the main culprit!!


 He was no longer able to restrain his anger and fiercely struck back at Fang Yuan.


 Bang , the two collided against each other.


 There was a muffled sound and wind surged around them.


 Fang Yuan continuously took five to six steps back before he was able to mitigate the impact. The light armor on him flashed weakly several times and then stabilized; in his aperture, canopy Gu had already become listless.


 In contrast, Ou Yang Gong was sent flying like a puppet with its strings cut. He puffed out blood in mid-air, and could barely stand up when he fell on the ground, his face already pale as paper.


 Anyone could see who was stronger!


 "How could this be?"


 "That ugly guy is clearly showing an aura of a rank two Gu Master!"


 "Ou Yang Gong is disadvantaged, he is old and has become weak. In contrast, that guy is using his advantage to the fullest..."


 The vice leaders quickly analyzed the situation.


 "You are courting death!" Ou Yang Gong managed to recover after their initial confrontation, his anger flourished even more, wishing he could immediately rip Fang Yuan into pieces.


 Just before, he hadn’t expected Fang Yuan to make the first move and not having any information on Fang Yuan, under the urgency of the situation, he couldn’t think properly and chose to meet Fang Yuan head on.


 "Rascal, I will let you know the difference between rank two and rank three!" Ou Yang Gong roared in rage and charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was fearless as he maintained the canopy Gu; with a spiral bone spear in one hand, blood moon gu in another and jumping grass on his feet, he also rushed towards Ou Yang Gong.


 The crowd quickly retreated, opening up a huge empty space.


 Ou Yang Gong was at rank three initial stage, and Fang Yuan was at rank two upper stage; the difference between their cultivation bases was extremely far, with the separation of a small realm and a big realm on top of that.


 However, Fang Yuan’s situation was very unusual.


 He possessed snow silver primeval essence borrowed from Bai Ning Bing and mostly used rank three Gu worms. His total fighting strength was even higher than Ou Yang Gong.


 The two fought for five rounds, but Fang Yuan was still at the dominating end.


 The crowd were aghast at this situation.


 "Thi.. this.. what the hell is going on?"


 "A rank three Gu Master is actually being pressured by a rank two Gu Master?!"


 "This is ridiculous!"


 The crowd couldn’t believe this scene and many had even dazed expressions.


 After several more rounds, Fang Yuan completely maintained the upper hand and was firmly suppressing Ou Yang Gong.


 A small portion of the crowd realized something.


 "This ugly guy is showing rank two aura, but his true cultivation is definitely above this!"


 "Right, he must be using a Gu worm to conceal his aura. We didn’t discover it when he was pretending to be a servant before."


 "This guy is really vicious, he has been targeting Ou Yang Gong’s vital parts. It doesn’t seem to bode well for Ou Yang Gong."


 Right now, Ou Yang Gong was having incessant grievances in his heart, he had thought he could easily beat Fang Yuan, but to think this guy was actually a wolf in sheep’s clothing!


 It was no wonder he took the initiative to attack and looked fearless; it was because his cultivation base was not inferior to him.


 This guy really was too despicable and shameless!


 After several more rounds, the result was clear for all to see, most of the crowd could see how terrible Ou Yang Gong’s situation would be.


 "Ou Yang Gong is sure to lose, he will be killed if this continues on!"


 "Ou Yang Gong is weaker than the other guy and has been slowly losing since the start of the battle. He won’t be able to avenge his son’s death."


 "This ugly guy is really powerful with such great strength and vicious methods, where in the world did this guy pop out from?"


 "I know this guy, he is that servant who won against numerous bandit monkey kings in Fei Hou mountain!"


 The crowd commented one after another; they were worried, curious, afraid and shocked.


 "Both of you, please stop. There has to be some misunderstandings here!" Seeing Ou Yang Gong about to be killed by Fang Yuan, Jia Long - as the caravan leader - couldn’t just sit back anymore, he quickly moved to the battlefield and interrupted the battle.


 Right now, Ou Yang Gong was already soaked with sweat, his heart throbbed rapidly in fear of death and his face was deadly pale; hearing Jia Long’s words, he immediately felt joyous and saw a light of hope.


 He immediately got away from Fang Yuan and moved closer to Jia Long.


 Fang Yuan quickly swept his eyes and realized he would not be able to reach Ou Yang Fei in time; he gave a loud laugh and his momentum stopped: "Brother Jia Long came in time, let’s use the bone spear to kill him together!"


 The moment these words came out, the whole crowd was stumped.


 This ugly guy knew Leader Jia Long?


 This was the first thought the crowd had.


 Greeting in such an affectionate way, their relation looked pretty good.


 This was the second thought the crowd had.


 No, he might be intentionally saying this to mislead them.


 This was the third thought the crowd had.


 As the proverb goes, people involved in the situation are baffled while the spectators observe clearly . The spectators weren’t battling, naturally they could think more clearly.


 At this moment, Jia Long was feeling bewildered, because he had never even exchanged a word with Fang Yuan before.


 Ou Yang Gong was even more bewildered, he couldn’t come to a judgement as to what relation Jia Long and Fang Yuan had. He knew Fang Yuan could just be bluffing, but what if it was true?


 If it were to be true, then he would be pincer attacked by Fang Yuan and Jia Long.


 It was a matter concerning his own life, Ou Yang Gong naturally wouldn’t dare to take the risk, thus he changed the direction and escaped towards southeast direction, away from Fang Yuan and Jia Long.


 "Calm down." Jia Long immediately stopped to avoid arousing any suspicions.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly and chased.


 Ou Yang Gong immediately realized he had fallen in Fang Yuan’s trap, he was just about to speak up when suddenly someone charged out from the crowd - Bai Ning Bing attacked ruthlessly.


 In that instant, three spiral bone spears shot out in a row.


 "There was actually another person?!" Ou Yang Gong was horrified and subconsciously activated his defensive Gu without even turning around.


 However, this Gu was like a spent arrow, it blocked two spiral bone spears, but the third bone spear directly pierced through Ou Yang Fei’s head from the back and penetrated his front skull.


 Ou Yang Gong died!


 His death caused everyone to turn pale in fright, a huge uproar occurred among all those present.


 This was a vice leader of the caravan, a rank three Gu Master!


 Ou Yang Gong’s death caused the caravan leader and vice leaders to turn pale, feeling a dense threat.


 "Brazen lunatics!"


 "They really dared to kill a vice leader!"


 "Let’s combine our strength and capture them!!"


 "Who dares to capture me?!" Bai Ning Bing threw away her straw hat; her silver hair floated in the air and her cold eyes swept through everyone as she fully released her snow silver primeval essence.


 "Ahh, it is snow silver primeval essence!"


 "She is actually a rank three peak stage Gu Master!"


 In the caravan, only Jia Long was in rank three upper stage, rest of the leaders were either in initial stage or middle stage.


 The group that were just about to make their moves, suddenly halted.


 "Come if you want to die, hahaha." Fang Yuan stood side by side with Bai Ning Bing, and willed a thread of snow silver primeval essence from his aperture, playing with it in his hand.


 Oh god! Another rank three peak stage!


 The crowd trembled in fear, their momentum completely stopped.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gazed at everyone with cold, indifferent eyes. The camp was silent, completely silent...



***
Chapter 252: The only thing that matters is strength


***





 Chapter 252: The only thing that matters is strength


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Whoosh...


 Mountain winds blew through the camp, enhancing the quietness of the camp even more.


 The hundred over people formed a circle; inside the circle were two dead bodies and two standing people.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s gaze slowly swept through everyone, many did not even dare to match their cold gaze.


 At the end, Fang and Bai’s gaze landed on Jia Long and other caravan leaders.


 These people had charged out aggressively, but were immediately taken aback by the cultivation levels Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing revealed. Right now, they were in a situation where they could neither retreat nor advance.


 With the loss of Ou Yang Gong and Ou Fei, the caravan now had eleven rank three, twenty-seven rank two and thirty-eight rank one Gu Masters.


 Their combined strength was naturally greater than Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing by a lot.


 However!


 The caravan was only a temporary mix-match of different groups. These Gu Masters were from their respective clans and were normally engaged in scheming and guarding against each other. They would only cooperate if it was under a favorable situation.


 They had their own interests and were not a united block; and had their own ways of doing things.


 They were of different minds and would not be easy to lead.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing displayed rank three peak stage cultivation, no doubt they were two tough figures. No single clan could take them down alone, and even if they combined their strength, there would definitely be severe damage to the caravan.


 Momentarily, Jia Long, Chen Shuang Jin and other leaders looked at Fang and Bai, before quietly sizing up each other. None of them wanted to be cannon fodder and benefit others instead.


 Moreover, the current situation was one where the beast groups frequently attacked, everyone in the caravan were having trouble protecting themselves, let alone care about others.


 External pressure and the worries in their heart made them hesitate.


 The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into an indistinct smile, their reactions were all within his expectations. Now, it is all up to her.


 Although things had escalated quickly and he hadn’t communicated with Shang Xin Ci, Fang Yuan believed she should be able to sense this opportunity with her intelligence.


 Sure enough, the next moment, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die walked out of the tent.


 "Caravan leaders, these two are my Zhang Clan’s hidden elders: Lord Hei Tu and Lord Bai Yun." Shang Xin Ci took this chance to introduce them.


 Her voice wasn’t loud, but she was the only one speaking among everyone present, thus everyone could clearly hear her.


 The caravan leaders all had different expressions, whereas the crowd began to think over the two names - Hei Tu and Bai Yun.


 Shang Xin Ci faintly smiled: "The two lords were on a secret clan mission and coincidentally entered this caravan on the way."


 The caravan leaders looked at each other, all falling into silence.


 Since they were hidden elders, even Zhang Clan’s clan leader might not necessarily know of their existences. Moreover, the secret clan mission meant it was inappropriate to inquire about their motives.


 Shang Xin Ci’s two sentences blocked any questions they wanted to ask.


 Of course, although these words were reasonable, it was only a one-sided statement by Shang Xin Ci.


 The caravan leaders were all astute, each of them had made their own contemplations in their minds. Nobody was thoroughly convinced and suspicious ones were still suspicious.


 But whether suspicious or believing, Fang and Bai’s strength were already displayed before them, so there could only be one way to end this.


 Thereupon...


 "Hahahah, so it was like that. Everything was a misunderstanding!" Jia Long suddenly laughed, his face revealing a warm smile.


 He cupped his hands towards Fang and Bai; and sincerely praised them: "I had never expected such great heroes to be hidden in our midst. This father and son from Ou Clan were indeed too unreasonable and their way of doing things were also questionable. I have already persuaded them many times before but a pity they didn’t take it to heart. Their execution today can be said to be their just deserts."


 These words had immediately concluded this matter.


 The other vice leaders also responded at this moment, cupping their hands at Fang and bai while cursing Jia Long inwardly for being shameless.


 "Zhang Clan is well known and is worthy of being one of the top clans of our Southern Border!"


 "I am Lei Gong Cheng of Lei Clan, it is my good fortune to be able to meet both of you."


 "It is our great fortune that both of you have exterminated evil for us!"


 The vice leaders were all full of smiles as they said nonsense, twisting logic as they pleased.


 The killers became the righteous representative while the Ou clan’s father and son became evildoers. As for Ou clan’s other Gu Masters, there were only three of them remaining, who cared about their unsightly expressions? In any case, Ou Yang Gong was dead, without a rank three Gu Master, who would dare to be bold? Who could stand up for them?


 "You scoundrels, still not greeting the two lords!?" One of the vice leaders shouted while pretending to be displeased.


 "We pay respects to Lord Hei Tu and Lord Bai Yun." Over twenty people immediately bowed and greeted Fang and Bai.


 The whole camp was again sent into a clamor.


 "The caravan has suffered heavy losses and is on the brink of crisis, it is our fortune to have met both of you. Please, I invite you into the tent to further discuss our situation." Jia Long walked closer and invited them sincerely.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing glanced at each other, before Fang Yuan walked towards Shang Xin Ci and consulted: "Xin Ci, what is your opinion?"


 Seeing this scene, Jia Long immediately raised the status of Shang Xin Ci in his mind.


 Shang Xin Ci slightly shook her head and spoke with a delicate tone: "I am tired, it is better for the caravan leaders to discuss together."


 Fang Yuan inwardly praised her intelligence, this was just the time to take a step back to make an opportunity for greater advances later.


 He nodded and said in agreement: "Our Zhang Clan’s goods have all been donated, we have no interest towards these and will not interfere."


 "This..." Jia Long hesitated and was about to persuade but Shang Xin Ci had already turned around.


 Fang and Bai also left in an impressive way without giving any opportunity to Jia Long, leaving behind this crime scene for others to deal with.


 "Alright, everyone get back to your work now. The camp still needs to be strengthened. It is a good thing two rank three peak stage Gu Masters appeared. And the Ou Clan’s people, clean up these two corpses."


 The only three remaining Gu Masters of the Ou Clan ran over. One rank two middle stage and two rank one Gu Masters; tears flowed down their faces as they held in their hatred, lowered their heads and carried the father and son’s corpses.


 The crowd slowly dispersed. The high-spirited caravan leaders couldn’t maintain their composure any longer when they were back at the tent, their expressions fluctuating - as the hypocritical smiles disappeared from their faces - into solemness, bewilderment, indifference and worry.


 Jia Long slowly sat down on the main seat and spoke with a gloomy voice: "The sudden appearance of two Gu Masters, what do you make of it?"


 "Hmph, these are two lawless lunatics, publicly killing people!"


 "That pitiful Ou Yang Gong, we were just here sitting with him a moment ago."


 "I feel like these two’s origins are highly suspicious!"


 "What hidden elders, that is only that Zhang Clan girl’s one-sided statement. From these two’s behaviors, they are very likely to be demonic Gu Masters."


 "That’s right, occasions like demonic path’s Gu Masters entering the caravan are common. I bet that Zhang Clan girl was threatened by them."


 Jia Long nodded: "My thoughts are also about the same as yours. Zhang Clan’s proud personality and their strengths are all known to us, how could there be any hidden elders? But, these two are vicious and also rank three peak stage...."


 "Yes, this is troublesome."


 "These two don’t look to be old, but have already reached rank three peak stage. Such talent...."


 "Hahaha, everything has merits and demerits. The way I see it, this is also good. Their strengths will greatly increase our power." A vice leader spoke.


 "The crucial thing is how can we use them for our benefits? Just now, I took the initiative to invite them to discuss these matters and make them work for us, but it ended up in failure." Jia Long heaved a sigh.


 "Hmph, not lending their strength? When the beast groups attack, who can do nothing? By then, it’s not up to them." A vice leader spoke in a displeased tone.


 "This matter needs to be considered properly. Demonic Gu Masters are arrogant and unyielding, trying to force them with only external pressure won’t work, they need to be pressured from both inside and outside."


 "Hmm? I am not sure what Brother Gong Sun is suggesting?"


 "My suggestion is simple but I am afraid you might not like it; it is to give a portion of the goods to those two. They will naturally step forward to protect their goods when the time comes."


 The camp fell into silence immediately.


 Jia Long looked around before speaking: "This suggestion is good! Humans die for wealth and birds die for food ; without any clan’s backing, demonic Gu Masters have an intense thirst towards cultivation resources. Moreover, you don’t need to be worried about incurring losses, did you forget Ou Clan?"


 The pondering gazes of the group immediately started brightening.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s sudden appearance had made Zhang Clan into an influential force in the caravan, while Ou Clan was thrown by them into the weakest position.


 Ou Clan’s father and son were dead, the remaining two to three small fry in the Ou Clan group were nothing to worry about. The goods held by Ou Clan seemed quite substantial...


 ...


 "Uncle... I have an important matter to inform you!" Chen Xin had constantly been paying attention to the tent, and once the discussion inside was over, he approached the Chen Clan’s caravan leader Chen Shuang Jin.


 Chen Shuang Jin grabbed his hand: "I know what you want to say. This is not the right place, let’s go."


 The two returned to their own tent and after confirming no one was eavesdropping, Chen Xin spoke: "Uncle, do you remember I reported to you about how Zhang Zhu was murdered?"


 Chen Shuang Jin’s face was grave as he nodded his head: "Zhang Zhu was killed by someone with bone spears. And today, that Hei Tu and Bai Yun also used bone spears!"


 "That is it! Uncle, those two are harboring some unfathomable motives, are very ruthless. We need to make their crime known and combine our strength to kill off this danger early." Chen Xin was agitated.


 Chen Shuang Jin slowly shook his head and sighed.


 Chen Xin was puzzled: "Uncle, you don’t approve?"


 "It is not that I don’t approve, but that it is not feasible."


 "I saw with my own eyes, we have evidence. As long as we announce the matter about them killing Zhang Zhu, no one will tolerate these backstabbing traitors!"


 "Hmph, evidence? There is witness testimony but what about material evidence?" Chen Shuang Jin scoffed, "Even if we have material evidence, what good it would do? My nephew, only evidence is of no use. The main thing is whether you have the strength! Just before, they killed the Ou Clan’s father and son, you also saw that and others also saw it. We are all witnesses, but is it any use? We are all from different clans, but with us having different motives, how could we deal against these two foes?"


 "Uncle, are we going to just ignore them? They are too dangerous, I can’t even sleep properly. What if they find out that I know..." The more Chen Xin spoke, the more fearful he became.


 "Hmph, you think too greatly of yourself. You think they don’t know about you? Maybe they already know or maybe they already saw you but didn’t make a move. Why is that? Because you are nothing to worry about! Chen Xin, stop being naive. In this cold world, the only thing that matters is strength!" Chen Shuang Jin heaved a deep sigh.


 Chen Xin remained dazed at the spot; he clenched his fists, his uncle’s words struck his young heart and he couldn’t say anything for a long while.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan: I’ll have you know I buried a few hundred exploding potatoes once just for caution...



***
Chapter 253: Only the dead are clean


***





 Chapter 253: Only the dead are clean


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Dark clouds filled the sky bringing forth a heavy atmosphere and signs of heavy rain.


 The caravan moved along the mountain path with a solemn atmosphere.


 All the large black skin fat beetles in the caravan were dead; two winged snakes remained but in a crippled state; instead it was the baggage toads that survived mostly, all because they were small in size and moved pretty fast, easily hiding from the wild beasts’ attacks. As for the ostriches, they were similar in size to the backpack toads, but they had a habit of burying their heads in the ground once they sensed any threats, so this caused their casualty to be the highest.


 Shang Xin Ci was mixed in the crowd, her gaze somewhat complex as she looked at the dozen of baggage toads beside her.


 The goods these baggage toads were carrying were all Zhang Clan’s.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing didn’t participate in the discussion, but the caravan leaders still sent large quantities of goods to her.


 "All of this because of strength..." Shang Xin Ci sighed.


 Previously, when Zhang Zhu was here, these caravan leaders showed an indifferent attitude; but now, they were polite to the extent that they even seemed to currying favor with her.


 Moreover, when these Gu Masters and the servants looked at her now, their gazes carried reverence and fear.


 "All these changes are due to them." Shang Xin Ci gave a complex gaze towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing who were not that far away.


 On one hand, she received a feeling of security from Fang and Bai; while on the other hand, the kindhearted her felt fear from how they were able to easily kill people.


 "Hahaha, it seems we have really frightened that girl." Bai Ning Bing was walking side by side with Fang Yuan and feeling Shang Xin Ci’s gaze, she laughed softly.


 Seven to eight days had passed since they killed Ou Clan’s father and son.


 This had affected the whole caravan, including Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die did not even dare to breath loudly in front of Fang and Bai, while Shang Xin Ci also didn’t dare to match Fang Yuan’s gaze anymore.


 Such reactions were all within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 This master and servant pair grew up in Zhang Clan since young, the righteous path ideology was ingrained into them. It was inevitable for them to be aware of the differences when Fang and Bai displayed their demonic nature. They would have to change their thought process to accept these two demonic path figures.


 Fang Yuan wasn’t worried.


 They would have no choice but to accept and compromise when they face external pressure. After all, humans wanted to keep on living. After few beast group attacks, the estrangement in their hearts would gradually disappear.


 "The problem now is him." Fang Yuan looked at Chen Xin.


 This young Gu Master was the guy that fled together with Zhang Zhu. Fang Yuan had thought he was already smashed into meat paste by white feather flying elephant, but to think he was actually alive.


 Gu Masters that possessed unusual Gu worms, even if their cultivations were not high, could not be looked down upon.


 Fang Yuan had lost the earth hearing ear grass and had no other scouting methods, causing him to overlook Chen Xin. He also did not know how much the latter had found out. But regardless, he had countermeasures for everything.


 He was cautious in nature and always considered failures first. At that time, he already had measures prepared if someone found out.


 Thus, after he killed Zhang Zhu, he intentionally displayed formidable strength. If someone had really found out, they would thus be scared by Fang and Bai’s vicious strength; and would keep themselves hidden.


 Ou Clan’s father and son ran themselves into the line of fire; had it not been for Ou Fei coming to find trouble, Fang Yuan would have looked for trouble himself or display his formidable methods during beast group attacks.


 Naturally Fang Yuan had many methods to strike back even if he was exposed. The caravan leader Jia Long was one such chess piece.


 He was Jia Fu’s subordinate and Fang Yuan had received a token from Jia Fu back at Gu Yue village. As long as he showed the command token, he could obtain Jia Long’s trust for several actions.


 However, for every single plan, no matter how perfect it appeared, accidents could always occur when they were implemented.


 Also known as: Man proposes but God disposes 1 .


 Even if Fang Yuan had plentiful experience, was astute and had deep foresight, he also had the possibility to fail. But it was because of this, that life could be so brilliant and full of uncertainty.


 Fang Yuan’s first consideration was the worst outcome.


 If his luck was extremely bad and someone saw him or he left behind ironclad evidence when he killed Zhang Zhu; and it led to Shang Xin Ci realizing the truth, she would feel deep hatred towards him; someone who bit the hands that fed him.


 What to do then?


 Simple, kill Shang Xin Ci.


 She was only a mortal now and killing her was very simple. Shang Clan’s clan leader also didn’t know she was his own daughter; there would be no repercussions from Shang Clan if he killed her secretly.


 Looking at the outcome now, Zhang Zhu was dead but Fang Yuan’s luck wasn’t the best as he left behind a trail. But it was also not the worst, at least Shang Xin Ci was still in the dark.


 Fang Yuan was sure of this because Shang Xin Ci was still young and her emotions were completely exposed in his eyes.


 "There is a crocodile-elephant 2 group ahead!"


 "A crocodile-elephant group is charging towards us!!"


 "Be on guard, be on guard!"


 An investigative Gu Master hurried towards the caravan from ahead, bringing bad news.


 A disturbance occurred in the caravan before quickly turning calm.


 "It is just crocodile-elephants, no need to panic."


 "We don’t have enough manpower to defend ourselves here."


 "Correct. Everyone disperse, enter the rainforests!"


 Gu Masters gave forth the most sensible command; people were already in a very strained state and were able to quickly disperse in all directions.


 If they had encountered such situation before Fei Hou mountain, they might be worried about their goods and keep on hesitating. Now however, they firmly gave up the goods without taking another glance at them, concentrating on fleeing.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing directly charged straight into the rainforest while protecting Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die.


 He was not surprised at the crocodile-elephant group’s arrival because it was his plan.


 Rumble...


 The crocodile-elephant group stomped its way through, soon there were blood-curdling screams and sound of trees falling down.


 Fang Yuan carefully led Shang Xin Ci and others through the rainforest, but there were too many crocodile-elephants; they still ran into one.


 Crocodile-elephants were small in size, about the same size as yaks, which allowed them to be more agile. Their whole body were covered in scales like that of a crocodile with defense that far surpassed white feather flying elephants. Their tails that was similar to that of crocodiles, trailing along the ground.


 "Ahh!" Xiao Die let out a scream upon the sight of this hill-like crocodile-elephant charging at them.


 Shang Xin Ci was also pale.


 "No need to worry." Fang Yuan indifferently said, before charging towards the crocodile-elephant.


 One human and one elephant collided midway; their collision producing a loud sound.


 Fang Yuan took two steps back, and the white light armor on his body flickered thrice. But that crocodile-elephant, its skull directly shattered and blood spurted out as it fell on the ground, pushed back by a dozen steps before colliding against the trunk of a large tree and stopped.


 "Amazing!" Xiao Die’s eyes were wide open with shock.


 This was an ordinary crocodile-elephant and not a hundred beast king, while Fang Yuan possessed snow silver primeval essence along with the strength of two boars and a crocodile; handling it was naturally very easy.


 However, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die had never seen such fierce scene.


 Zhang Zhu did not have great physical strength and was also a healing Gu Master, so he relied mainly on dodging and assisting during a battle.


 Fang Yuan, however, met the attack head on, fighting without restraint; this naturally left a deep impression on the master and servant pair.


 About two hours later, the crocodile-elephant group gradually left and the caravan group started walking out of the rainforest.


 After the casualties were counted, they had only lost a Gu Master and a dozen servants; it was not a big loss.


 The caravan set on their journey again after reorganising all the goods.


 Several days later, they were out of Xiang Ya mountain region, and began their journey to Mu Bei mountain.


 Within the next half a month, the caravan was attacked by black rock bears, iron crown deers and other beast groups.


 And because Fang and Bai acted as inseparable bodyguards, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die suffered no harm. This close contact all the time started to change the master and servant’s attitude.


 Shang Xin Ci started to get much closer to Fang Yuan, cheerfully talking with him and no longer evading his gaze. Xiao Die had completely changed into a worshipper of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 Worshipping the strong was the character of all living beings, because strength meant higher probability of survival.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were people with principles even though they were of demonic path. In the two girls’ perspective, those two did not ask for anything nor took advantage of them, only returning a favor. This conduct was full of heroic aura, and even among righteous path, how many people had such character?


 No matter how ugly Fang Yuan looked, in the master and servant’s heart, he was much more likeable than the many hypocritical and crafty righteous path people.


 Several days later, the caravan entered Mu Bei mountain region.


 Zombies started appearing.


 Mu Bei mountain hadn’t always had the same name. Over hundred years ago, there was a large clan on this mountain.


 A demonic Gu Master changed everything.


 He used to be a servant of this clan. At the day of his wedding, his beautiful wife had been seized by a Gu Master of the clan and humiliated to death.


 He buried this hatred deep into his heart and as luck would have it, he obtained the inheritance of ’Zombie King’, a demonic head.


 After enduring hardships for nearly hundred years, with rank five cultivation, he commanded an army of zombies and attacked the clan, slaughtering everyone. He did not spare their corpses, turning them into zombies.


 After finishing all this, he erected a huge tombstone in the ruins of the clan.


 On the tombstone, he carved his wife’s name.


 This event shook the whole Southern Border.


 This mountain has been called Mu Bei mountain ever since then. Zombies roamed free on the mountain, killing wild beasts or passerbys, absorbing blood as their food. And the ptomaine on them would infect the corpses, producing new zombies.


 Like this, there were endless amount of zombies on Mu Bei mountain.


 To protect the safety of the trade route, clans organized zombie hunting squadrons every year to clean up these zombies.


 But no matter how much they cleaned up, they could not kill all the zombies due to their endless numbers.


 After all, the zombie hunting squadrons were limited in size, with so many mountains in Southern Border and dangers in the way, they had to make considerable expenditures for this long expedition. It was a situation where they had to invest a lot but gained less, and even then it was impossible to overturn Mu Bei mountain. As long as a zombie escaped, a zombie army would appear again after a short while. After failing several times even after large scale expeditions, the enthusiasm of the people started to disappear.


 The caravan decided to camp at the base of Mu Bei mountain for the night.


 The stars were shining brightly in the sky. Fang Yuan looked at the dark Mo Bei mountain, a thoughtful look flashing through his eyes.


 "It is time, these people are no longer valuable. It is time to settle all these troubles."


 Chen Xin must die, but just disposing of him alone could make the situation even more troublesome. How much did he know, who had he revealed to, and were there anyone else who had seen the murder? Fang Yuan didn’t know any of this.


 However, Fang Yuan had no intention to find out. Because in his plan, Chen Xin would die and others would also die.


 Only the dead are clean 3 .


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Last chapter until I return. Estimated date is 17-18th. Will try to upload 2chap/day when I’m back. So sorry!



***
Chapter 254: Assault of the zombie army


***





 Chapter 254: Assault of the zombie army


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ding Hao looked down at the caravan from the base of the mountain as he hid behind some bushes, licking his lips excitedly.


 "According to the information in the cave, as long as I kill a thousand people and amass a zombie army, I can leave this place and go to Zhao Ze mountain to become a formal disciple of master!"


 Ding Hao was originally a villager but was recruited to be a laborer by a passing caravan.


 However, the caravan was attacked by a large number of zombies when they were passing through Mu Bei mountain. He was abandoned along with dozens of other servants, as cannon fodder.


 While all the other servants died one after another, he ran deep into the mountain in panic. Just when he was driven into a corner, he discovered a cave; none of the zombies dared to approach this cave.


 He entered this cave and discovered a demonic inheritance.


 As it turns out, this was the hidden inheritance of that demonic Gu Master who killed the whole clan and erected the tombstone in the ruins.


 This inheritance was deeply hidden and only mortals were allowed to inherit it.


 Ding Hao awakened his aperture in this cave and began to cultivate, passing each test one by one.


 He only had C grade aptitude originally, but with the use of a rare Gu in the cave, his aptitude upgraded to B grade.


 He concentrated fully on cultivating, and after spending over eight years, he reached rank three realm which was the criteria to enter the final secret chamber.


 The final secret chamber contained a stone slab which had an inscription left by that demonic Gu Master: I profess myself as the Second Zombie King. If a fated individual truly arrives here, if you so wish, you can go to Zhao Ze mountain to be my official disciple and follow me to roam the Southern Border.


 As the final test, the Second Zombie King required the inheritor to kill thousand people and also raise a large zombie army. There were detailed standards to the test, such as how many white-hair zombies, black-hair zombies and green-hair zombies should be in the zombie army. However, if there was a blue-hair zombie, just one would suffice to meet the condition.


 Ding Hao was an honest man and honest people usually had a strong point; they were steadfast.


 He cultivated on Mu Bei mountain alone for over eight years. He had to endure the silence and loneliness, having only the zombies as his companions as he cultivated bit by bit to rank three.


 He had been a servant who could only be a spectator to the world of Gu Masters, thus he did not understand many things.


 During the time of his bewilderment, this inscription on the stone slab no doubt gave him a whole new direction and a goal to strive.


 The fact that the Second Zombie King had also been a servant and their backgrounds were similar, resonated even more with Ding Hao’s heart.


 After reading the inscription, Ding Hao started killing people and amassing his zombie army.


 Ding Hao soon realized these two missions actually complemented each other; he could use the corpses of the people he killed to obtain new zombies and the new zombies could thereby increase his strength to kill more people.


 Mu Bei mountain was located by one of the three most important trade routes of Southern Border with caravans passing through it every month.


 Ding Hao spent another three years of time to reach this point where he was close to accomplishing the mission.


 The caravan at the base of this mountain would be his final stepping stone to success! And it was a perfect prey!


 There were caravans of all sizes, some big and some small; Ding Hao could do nothing more than hide far away every time a large scale caravan passed by. He did not dare to attack the mid-scale caravan as well. Only against these small scale caravans, could Ding Hao make his move and secretly command the zombies to attack.


 When his luck was good, these caravans would abandon some livestock or servants to flee; when his luck was bad and ran into some tough nuts, the zombies would be slaughtered and inflict great losses to him. At those times, he could only slowly amass more zombies again.


 However, this caravan was smaller than even small scale caravans and seemed to have already suffered huge damage. It was like an old man struggling at death’s door who could fall over with a light push.


 Ding Hao had confidence he could deal with this caravan.


 He even felt this was a gift sent by the heavens.


 It was night time, dark clouds flitted past in the sky, hiding the moon.


 The light was dim around the camp.


 "Kill." Ding Hao’s eyes suddenly brightened as he willed. The zombie army which was already arranged properly moved stealthily towards the camp from all directions.


 "What sound is this?" A very vigilant investigative Gu Master positioned outside the camp seemed to have heard something.


 "What is it?!" The few Gu Masters beside him were tensed.


 The five Gu Masters motionlessly stared at the darkness ahead of them.


 Although the moon was covered by the dark clouds, there was a huge bonfire burning in the camp.


 The bonfire produced crackling sounds as the wind brushed past.


 In the midst of the flickering flames, a zombie covered with white hair hopped into the investigative Gu Master’s vision.


 The few Gu Masters looked at each other before laughing out loud.


 "Haha, a white-hair zombie."


 "Tsk, getting worried over nothing, scared the hell out of me."


 "Xiao San, go take care of this unlucky zombie..." The leader of this group of Gu Masters said indifferently.


 White-hair zombies were very weak, weaker than even the common wild beasts.


 "Yes, boss." A young Gu Master laughed and walked towards the zombie.


 "Be careful of its corpse poison, it will be troublesome if you are infected as I do not have an antidote type Gu." The healing master in the group reminded.


 "Understood, understood. Do you take me as a three-year-old child?" The young Gu Master impatiently waved his hand.


 If he was really infected with corpse poison, he could ask other Gu Masters to heal him but it would cost half a primeval stone at minimum.


 However, white-hair zombies attacked in a set pattern and was easy to dodge. The young Gu Master had already killed many of them since entering Mu Bei mountain.


 "There is no need to worry about this thing as long as I pay attention to dodging... ugh!" The young Gu Master was mumbling to himself when he suddenly stopped on the spot, his voice stuck at his throat.


 His pupils shrunk rapidly and his mouth opened wide; his face revealing an extremely frightened expression.


 "What is it?" The four Gu Masters at the rear felt something amiss and immediately asked.


 The young Gu Master came to his senses, his whole body shook as if it was electrocuted before he immediately turned around and began running.


 "Quick, sound the alarm. There are zombies!" He screamed, his face filled with extreme fear.


 "It is only a white-hair zombie, why are you freaking out... wha, what the fu-!"


 The four Gu Masters all screamed.


 There were a few hundred white-hair zombies hopping towards the camp. There were also the stronger black-hair zombies mixed within the horde.


 Under the illumination of the bonfire, one could make out the overlapping figures in the darkness but no one knew how many zombies were pressing forward.


 Clang Clang Clang...


 In the quiet camp, the sound of the bells suddenly rang.


 "There is a zombie group moving towards the camp!"


 "They have surrounded the whole camp!"


 "Quick, quick, everyone prepare to defend..."


 Jia Long and some vice leaders climbed up a wooden wall and observed the situation, their expressions extremely grave.


 "Damn it, which deity did this caravan offend, such incredibly bad luck!"


 "I have been to Mu Bei mountain dozen of times but have never seen such a large scale zombie group..."


 "There is no use in complaining. Since we can’t change this situation, we have to fight with our lives on the line if we want to live!"


 "We should combine our strength and defeat this zombie group!"


 Everyone in the camp felt their morale increasing as they growled in anger. In contrast, the zombie army was completely silent, other than the constant sound of the jumping and landing.


 The troop arrangement in the two sides formed a strange and clear contrast.


 The battle unfolded completely.


 Gu Masters relied on the defense of wooden walls and launched all kinds of long range attacks. All kinds of color flashed around the camp; icicles, fireballs, vines, rolling boulders and so on struck collided right into the vanguard of the zombies.


 Large numbers of white-hair zombies fell; cut into pieces, burnt to ashes, froze into ice cubes or stone-rolled into meat paste.


 "Kill, slaughter them all. Hahaha..." Ding Hao was observing all this from up the mountain with a cold smile on his face.


 He was no longer the inexperienced guy he once was. These white-hair zombies were cannon fodder meant to waste the Gu Masters’ primeval essence.


 Sure enough, after some time, the Gu Masters’ attacks became less frequent and weak.


 "I am out of steam, I don’t have much primeval essence left."


 "I also need to recover my primeval essence!"


 "Can anyone take my place? Damn it, why are these white-hair zombies not decreasing?"


 There were too few Gu Masters in the caravan while the white-hair zombies seemed to be endless; finally, they were able to resist the pressure and reach the wooden wall.


 Under the attack of the zombie group, these temporarily constructed crude wooden walls immediately let out dangerous creaking sounds.


 "Damn it, block them, block them!"


 "Call in the reserve forces."


 Both sides entered a deadlock around the wooden wall. One side charged forward while the other side guarded this barrier. The huge losses to the white-hair zombies caused Ding Hao’s heart to ache.


 "It is your turn, my babies." With a thought in his mind, a batch of black-hair zombies charged forward from the rear and entered the battlefield.


 White haired zombies were slow and could be harmed by sunlight, so they couldn’t move around in daytime. If they fed on blood for years, they could evolve into black-hair zombies. Black-hair zombies were covered with black hair, their strength and defensive ability were stronger than the white-hair zombies, and their hopping speed was much faster. Although they still received damage from sunlight, they didn’t fear it like the white-hair zombies.


 Black-hair zombies had the strength of a hundred beast king!


 Ding Hao sent over fifty black-hair zombies in this batch; all of them charging forward in a group. They looked for a gap in the camp’s defensive wall and immediately destroyed a part of it like dried twigs.


 Despite the camp sending more manpower to reinforce this gap, several black-hair zombies were still able to charge into the inner camp.


 A black-hair zombie swept around its arms and sent a rank one Gu Master flying.


 The Gu Master fell on the ground and was unable to stand up immediately. The black-hair zombie pounced at him.


 "I am finished!" The Gu Master closed his eyes in despair but suddenly he heard a loud sound.


 He opened his eyes; a strong figure was blocking in front of him, while that black-hair zombie collapsed far away.


 "It is Lord Hei Tu of Zhang Clan!" The Gu Master’s heart shook.


 Grrr!


 That black-hair zombie’s chest had caved in from Fang Yuan’s punch but it wasn’t dead, instead it hopped up and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was covered with a layer of white light armor. He slightly frowned and waited for it to come near him, then he grabbed its two arms and pulled them fiercely.


 The black-hair zombie was immediately torn apart into two halves.


 Foul blood that carried corpse poison splattered but was completely repelled by the white light armor.


 Fang Yuan casually threw the two halves of the corpse. Even a myriad beast king level blue-hair zombie would die from such injuries.


 "Thank you Lord Hei Tu for saving my life!" The rescued Gu Master was completely absorbed in Fang Yuan’s momentum and said with a voice filled with joy and reverence.


 Fang Yuan ignored him but directed his gaze towards the chaotic battlefield.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Our Hero has arrived!! \o/ Also it seems that this is tower defense instead of PvZ.



***
Chapter 255: Ding Hao, get out here!


***





 Chapter 255: Ding Hao, get out here!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 By now, the wooden walls were already mostly collapsed, as hordes of zombies charged into the camp and fought with the Gu Masters.


 Upon seeing this, Fang Yuan was already certain this zombie army was manipulated by Ding Hao.


 If it was an ordinary zombie group, they would all swarm in like bees or the black-hair zombies would attack after the white-hair zombies died. Where would there be battle tactics like shown here, someone was clearly controlling them from behind!


 And no doubt, the one controlling these zombies was Ding Hao.


 Fang Yuan remembered the Second Zombie King left behind an inheritance after exterminating the clan on Mu Bei mountain. The inheritor of this inheritance was Ding Hao. He later went on to become Second Zombie King’s eldest disciple, and although he was of demonic path, he was very loyal. Later in the battle between Righteous and Demonic on Yi Tian mountain, he took the place of Second Zombie King of his own choice and died in the battle.


 "I had thought of looking for you but to think you would deliver yourself to me, that saves me a lot of time."


 Fang Yuan’s plan had been to use this Ding Hao to eradicate the caravan and kill everyone. Although he had methods to attract the beast groups, it wasn’t easy to control the size of it.


 The caravan strength had already decreased to a very low level and if large amounts of beast groups were attracted, it would instead cause his own life to be in danger. It would be even more troublesome to protect Shang Xin Ci on top of that.


 Under such circumstances, Ding Hao was the perfect chess piece.


 "But where is this guy hiding?" Fire blazed all around. Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and observed his surroundings.


 "He needs to be at a high ground if he wants to observe the battlefield and command the zombie army. Of course, he might have other Gu worms which could give him a bird’s eye view of the camp. Regardless, the place he is hiding in should be convenient to escape..."


 Fang Yuan lost the earth hearing ear grass and possessed no other investigative methods, thus he had to rely on speculations.


 The battles were becoming more desperate; while hundreds of zombies were scattered all over the ground, there were also catastrophic losses to the Gu Masters. Under the endless flood of the zombies, the Gu Masters retreated bit by bit and soon reached the central area of the camp.


 There, a bunker was made by piling up goods and some rank one Gu Masters were using many methods to reinforce it.


 "There are too many zombies, the defense here will fall sooner or later."


 "We need to break the siege!"


 "Break the siege, how will we break through? There are dozens of black-hair zombies!"


 "It would be better to reinforce our defense and wait for dawn. The zombies would receive a huge decrease in strength under the sunlight. We won’t even need to make a move and they will retreat by themselves."


 Arguments arose, and people were divided into two sides; one wanted to break through while the other wanted to defend their positions.


 The two sides kept on arguing while the zombie horde was already pressing closer.


 This temporarily formed caravan showed its biggest weakness right now; being unable to truly unite and lacking a strong figure to take control of the situation.


 Fang Yuan had been observing the situation as a spectator; now, he suddenly stood up: "Stop shouting!"


 The noisy scene quieted down almost instantly.


 In everyone’s eyes, he was a rank three peak stage Gu Master, one of the strongest experts in the caravan. Especially now at this critical life and death juncture, Fang Yuan had even more authority.


 Fang Yuan swept his cold and sharp gaze at everyone. His ugly face, under the illumination of the fire, was menacing and ruthless.


 "All those that wants to stay and defend are idiots! Why should we stay here if we can break through?" He fiercely scolded, giving off a strong impression.


 The Gu Masters who were shouting about staying and defending showed indignant expressions but they didn’t dare to retort; while the Gu Masters who insisted on breaking the siege were joyous.


 "Lord Hei Tu is wise!"


 "Lord Hei Tu, we will follow you."


 "Right now, only Lord Hei Tu can save us from this desperate crisis!"


 They continued to praise Fang Yuan to the high heavens, wanting to make him take charge of the dangerous assault.


 However, Fang Yuan sneered and cursed: "Shut up! You bunch thinking of breaking through are even greater fools!"


 "Ugh..." The Gu Masters that were praising Fang Yuan stiffened, their expressions fluctuating rapidly; while those who insisted on defending their positions showed ridicule and mocking expressions.


 "Then, Sir Hei Tu, what do you suggest?" Jia Long’s expression was dark as he spoke in a heavy voice with an unkind gaze.


 "Hmph, be it defending the position or breaking through the siege, the situation needs to be investigated properly first. Do you know the scale of this zombie horde? What if there is a large group of them hiding in the darkness, wouldn’t breaking through then be walking right into a trap? And if this is just all of them and you guys insist on defending your positions while you could clearly escape, the bloody odor would attract more zombies and you would just be sending yourselves to death." Fang Yuan spoke with such vigor that his saliva went flying out.


 Nobody would show a good expression after being scolded harshly.


 Chen Shuang Jin asked in a gloomy voice: "Then what good suggestion do you have?"


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes wide in anger and pointed at Chen Shuang Jin: "You fools, your brain is filled with shit! I have spoken for so long and no one understands! Of course we are going to break through but first we are going to check our surroundings. Investigative Gu Masters, you need to work hard!"


 Being pointed out by Fang Yuan and reprimanded, Chen Shuang Jin’s expression turned ugly and a fire burned in his heart. However, he still vividly remembered that time when Fang Yuan killed Ou Clan father and son, so he could only suppress his anger.


 Many became dissatisfied with Fang Yuan’s aggressiveness; but at the same time, in this situation, such aggressiveness instead gave them a sense of indescribable security.


 Soon, a group was organized to break through the siege under Fang Yuan’s manipulation.


 "Break through that direction." Fang Yuan said solemnly as he pointed towards southeast direction


 "Yes, Lord Hei Tu!"


 "Remember, scouting is the priority, protect yourselves and retreat if you can’t continue." Fang Yuan smiled and patted the group leader’s shoulder.


 The group leader’s heart immediately relaxed and Fang Yuan’s image in his mind was no longer as repulsive as before.


 The zombie horde reached the final defensive line and battles issued everywhere. Breaking the siege group charged forward three hundred steps before they were forced to retreat.


 "Too terrifying, I discovered at least hundreds of zombies in the darkness at that side." The investigative Gu Master’s heart was still fearful as he made the report.


 Everyone turned slightly pale at these words.


 "No problem, take a rest. Second group, break through that direction!" Fang Yuan commanded.


 This group charged through four to five hundred steps before they had to retreat.


 "There are too many zombies..." The investigative Gu Master was pale.


 Fang Yuan let them rest, and said to the newly formed third group: "Go in that direction."


 "But that side is a valley." The group leader was somewhat puzzled.


 Slap.


 Fang Yuan slapped the man: "If I say go, then go. Don’t give me nonsense!"


 The group leader was stunned by the slap, but he didn’t dare to meet Fang Yuan’s angry gaze so he turned around and led his group to the direction Fang Yuan pointed.


 Fang Yuan had organized three breaking the siege groups, sending them out to probe the situation and finally rule out the possible areas.


 "The only place remaining is that high slope now. If I am not wrong, Ding Hao is definitely hiding there." Fang Yuan sneered inwardly and continued to arrange breaking the siege groups.


 "These people are really not giving up." Ding Hao’s brows furrowed but soon relaxed, "Haha, you guys might have been able to break through if it was an ordinary zombie horde, but too bad for you, this zombie horde is being controlled by me..."


 He mobilized the zombies in the darkness to constantly replenish any gaps. At the same time, he deployed massive forces towards several areas.


 Several rounds later, the casualties in breaking the siege groups increased to a disastrous amount.


 "This is enough, breaking through can’t succeed, we can’t make any more sacrifices in vain!"


 "Sigh, looks like we can only defend our positions...."


 "Everyone persevere, endure till the sun rises, these zombies would be weak as paper then."


 "Stop your nonsense, success is in sight! I will personally lead this time. Bai Yun, you stand guard here." Fang Yuan cursed and aggressively insisted on breaking through.


 Because of his aggressiveness, Gu Masters could only form another group.


 Eight Gu Masters charged out with Fang Yuan in the lead; with enormous strength combined with snow silver primeval essence and Canopy Gu, he was able to easily force his way through the encirclement.


 "Damn, that side is somewhat thin..." Ding Hao also couldn’t prevent Fang Yuan from breaking through.


 He hadn’t thought Fang Yuan would choose this side to break through; this side was a dead end and he had continuously mobilized the zombies to other sides to fill up the gaps caused by the previous break through attempts, causing the zombies in this side to be the least in numbers.


 "They really succeeded!"


 "They broke through!"


 The people in the camp were looking at this scene with wide eyes.


 Although in the process, five Gu Masters died, Fang Yuan and the two other Gu Masters successfully broke through.


 "We are saved, quick, let’s break through that side!" Everyone was joyous in the camp.


 "Don’t even think about succeeding!" Ding Hao gritted his teeth and immediately mobilized zombies to fill the gap.


 The camp was still in the process of organizing while white-hair zombies were already covering the area Fang Yuan broke through. There were also five black-hair zombies pouncing upon Fang Yuan’s group.


 The two Gu Masters were shell-shocked.


 "Follow me!" Fang Yuan shouted and charged towards the direction where Ding Hao was hiding.


 The two Gu Masters couldn’t think properly because of their fear and subconsciously followed Fang Yuan.


 "Hmph, choosing to run towards me, hahaha, it seems even heaven wants you dead..." Ding Hao’s lips curled up as he looked proudly towards two zombies beside him.


 These two zombies were huge, with green hair covering their body. They were green-hair zombies which was stronger than black-hair zombies and could show a power equivalent to that of a thousand beast king during night!


 Ding Hao was only able to raise these two during his many years in the mountain.


 "Go." He willed and these two green-hair zombies immediately charged out.


 Eighty steps later, they met Fang Yuan’s group.


 Fang Yuan met one head-on; even though he had strength of two boars and a crocodile, they were evenly matched and both were sent back several steps from the collision.


 The two remaining Gu Masters battled the other green-hair zombie, but they were being pressured and the situation already looked dangerous.


 "Let me help." Fang Yuan activated jumping grass and lept towards the battle.


 The two Gu Masters were exulted and were about to express their thanks, but without warning, two spiral bone spears shot towards them.


 Psh Psh... two piercing sounds determined the two Gu Masters’ deaths.


 "Eh?" Ding Hao had been observing the battle and seeing this unexpected change raised a huge doubt in his mind.


 This distraction caused the two green-hair zombies to slow down.


 The next words Fang Yuan spoke caused even more shock to Ding Hao.


 Only to hear him shout: "Ding Hao, get out here!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Guess what he’s trying to do. Also, second chapter today in about 6 hours from this.



***
Chapter 256: So you are eldest senior brother


***





 Chapter 256: So you are eldest senior brother


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ding Hao started to get dizzy as if a flashbang went off in his head.


 Who is this guy? He discovered me and even knows my name! Impossible, I have been so careful all these years, never giving myself away. How could he discover me?


 Waves rose in Ding Hao’s heart and his thoughts became a whirlpool; the two green-hair zombies along with the black-hair zombies and white-hair zombies around the camp became still.


 Everyone in the camp were stunned by this unexpected scene.


 However, Ding Hao immediately came to his senses and reacted. The battle in the camp resumed.


 Fang Yuan knew he had already half-succeeded upon seeing these two green-hair zombies remaining still. He shouted: "Ding Hao, you will regret if you don’t come out...."


 Ding Hao was hiding within some bushes, he gritted his teeth and asked while controlling the green-hair zombies to surround Fang Yuan: "Who are you? How do you know my name?"


 Fang Yuan snorted: "Of course it was my master Second Zombie King who told me."


 "Ah?" Ding Hao could not stop but let out a cry of surprise; ’master’ and ’Second Zombie King’, these words were like a boulder descending and creating a huge wave in his heart.


 He stood up and walked out of the bushes, his two eyes staring tightly at Fang Yuan with shock and doubt.


 "Who on earth are you?" Ding Hao anxiously asked.


 Fang Yuan snorted and said in an overbearing tone: "Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear me? I am the Second Zombie King’s eldest disciple, Hei Tu. Ding Hao, I will count to three, if you don’t call back these two green-hair zombies by then, hehe...."


 "You are eldest senior brother? Wait a second, how did lord benefactor know my name?" Ding Hao held suspicions towards this entire issue, but regardless, he still called back the two green-hair zombies to his side.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned stiff as he scolded: "Who is your eldest senior brother? Master has yet to take you in as his disciple, how dare you pose off as one?"


 Ding Hao had no way to retort back.


 Fang Yuan tone softened: "Don’t you talk to the stone slab all day, how could master not know your name?"


 "Ahh!" Ding Hao uttered a cry of surprise.


 All these years, he had lived alone with only the zombies as his companions. When he felt depressed and painful, he would go to the final cave and pour out his heart to the stone slab.


 He had never expected Fang Yuan to expose his secrets with one remark.


 "I... I thought... that was an ordinary stone slab..." Ding Hao stammered.


 "Hmph, what level are you at, of course you cannot understand the profoundness of the stone slab. Master has vast powers, how would you be able to see through it?" Fang Yuan disdainfully sneered.


 In actual fact, even if a rank nine Gu Master were to see the stone slab, they wouldn’t be able to see the ’profoundness’ of it. That was just a common stone slab. However, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Ding Hao himself had personally narrated it in his recollection of his struggles in life after he made a name for himself.


 Ding Hao licked his dry lips, he was almost fully convinced but he still had some doubts.


 He gave a deep bow towards Fang Yuan and cupped his hands: "Lord Hei Tu, since you are master’s disciple, then please show me our unique characteristic, the zombie heart Gu."


 Zombie heart Gu was a Gu specific to the zombie king’s lineage. It resembled a heart, had seven holes and was stiff as stone. It was a rank three Gu, was cold to the touch and seemed to be made of bronze.


 Zombie heart Gu could produce rank two running corpse Gu. It was similar to charred thunder potato mother Gu which could produce charred thunder potato Gu.


 Rank two running corpse gu was also a consumable Gu and was used on corpses to form zombies.


 However, it had an advantage over charred thunder potato Gu; the zombies it created could grow up and advance a stage. For instance, white-hair zombies could become black-hair zombies, black-hair zombies could become green-hair zombies and so on.


 Fang Yuan possessed charred thunder potato mother Gu, but he had no zombie heart Gu.


 However, he was not in the least nervous towards Ding Hao’s request; he opened his mouth and boldly scolded: "Cut your crap, I am on a secret mission assigned by master, I had to disguise my identity to join the caravan, how could I carry zombie heart Gu with me? Zombie heart Gu feeds upon zombies, how could I get zombies in full view of everyone?"


 "Ah, thi-this..." Ding Hao was stumped.


 "What this, do you think I can’t kill you?" Fang Yuan timely revealed his snow silver primeval essence.


 Rank three peak stage cultivation was clearly ’revealed’; Ding Hao’s pupils shrunk, he was only at rank three middle stage.


 Fang Yuan immediately followed: "Although our lineage can control zombies and form an army of them, controlling zombies requires our concentration. If our soul is not strong, our mind will be weak, then our control over the zombie’s quantity and quality will only be ordinary. Although you have two green-hair zombies, there will definitely be gaps when you defend yourself while controlling them; it will be very easy for me to kill you."


 Ding Hao licked his dry lips and retreated a step back with some fear.


 "However..." Fang Yuan immediately changed the topic, "Before I left, master told me about you and wanted me to check if you had the qualifications to enter his tutelage. To think you actually approached me with killing intent when I have not even starting looking for you, hmph."


 "Ahh, th-this... eldest senior brother, it wasn’t intentional." Ding Hao started panicking when he heard Fang Yuan was someone sent by Second Zombie King to inspect him.


 "Who is your eldest senior brother? You have yet to receive master’s approval. Hmph, you are still doubtful now?" Fang Yuan raised his brows.


 Ding Hao quickly cupped his hands and said in a self-mocking tone: "Eldest senior brother, since you are clear on zombie heart Gu’s food and our weakness, no matter how stupid I am, I recognise eldest senior brother’s identity."


 Fang Yuan kept a poker face and did not speak, only looking at the two green-hair zombies.


 Ding Hao was stunned for a while before immediately realizing. With a shift of his mind, he sent the two green-hair zombies away.


 Then he walked before Fang Yuan, bowed and said submissively: "Please forgive me eldest senior brother, I wanted to kill these people to collect enough zombies. I really hadn’t expected eldest senior brother to be here. If I had known, I would have come down the mountain and welcomed you. I really yearn and am determined to follow master, heaven can testify my loyalty."


 Fang Yuan relaxed his tone: "Hmph, master knows of your loyalty. Before I departed, master spoke of it and praised your loyalty when he asked me to inspect you on my journey. Even if you had not reached the standard, as long as there isn’t a huge gap, it’s no problem."


 "So it was like that!" Ding Hao was overjoyed.


 "However!" Fang Yuan’s expression turned heavy and his tone cold, "You had the cheek to attack the caravan, wrecking my secret mission. Do you know how much effort I and your second senior sister had to waste to infiltrate this caravan?"


 "Eldest senior brother, it really was not intentional..." Ding Hao was indignant, his excitement just before sank through the floor due to Fang Yuan’s words, "Second senior sister is also in the caravan? I, I... I will call back the zombie horde!"


 "What?" Fang Yuan was furious as he knocked his fingers on Ding Hao’s head, "Is your brain made of glue? Can’t you think? You moron, wouldn’t they start doubting me if the zombies retreated for no rhyme or reason? Idiot!"


 Ding Hao rubbed his aching head before quickly nodding and apologizing: "Yes, yes, eldest senior brother is right. Then eldest senior brother, I will do whatever you say!"


 Fang Yuan pointed at Ding Hao: "You have already made a serious mistake, but considering it was not intentional, it can’t be helped. Next, do as I say to make up for your mistakes!"


 Ding Hao was like a grandson being admonished as he kept on nodding at Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan didn’t mention his demand immediately and instead asked: "Tell me the truth, how many white-hair, black-hair and green-hair zombies do you have? Also any blue-hair zombies?"


 Ding Hao showed an ashamed expression: "I am stupid, I have been living at Mu Bei mountain for close to ten years but have yet to raise a single blue-hair zombie. As for green-hair zombies, I only have three of them; I left one inside the cave to stand guard and have brought the other two with me. I have over one hundred and twenty black-hair zombies and close to four thousand white-hair zombies."


 Fang Yuan had expected him to not have any blue-hair zombies and was able to be at ease after confirming it.


 He intentionally made a sound of surprise and spoke nonsense: "You are not that far from the target. Having three green-hair zombies is pretty good, and as for blue-hair zombies, even I have only two of them."


 He was clear of Second Zombie King’s requirement to take in disciples.


 Second Zombie King had not just left behind one inheritance; he had taken in seven to eight disciples in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Ding Hao was only one of them.


 Later on, Second Zombie King joined Yi Tian mountain and was besieged by the righteous path. The disciples of Second Zombie King commanded great zombie armies and showed off their talents, causing the righteous path allied army to retreat at one point.


 As Ding Hao listened to Fang Yuan, his heart was cleared of doubt. He looked at Fang Yuan with admiration: "Eldest senior brother, you are amazing, you have two blue-hair zombies. This junior brother is full of admiration!"


 Fang Yuan patted Ding Hao’s shoulder and showed an expression of ’feeling proud inwardly but intentionally suppressing it’: "To raise a blue-hair zombie, if you say it is difficult, it is difficult; if you say it is easy, it is easy . I will explain it to you, you need to first find a rank four Gu Master’s corpse then the rest is up to your luck. It depends on whether this corpse had used a Gu worm in his life to raise his strength. If he did, it will be at least a green-hair. If you use fresh blood to nurture it for a year or two, it will evolve into a blue-hair."


 "I see." Ding Hao knew Fang Yuan spoke the truth after he combined it to his own experiences; he gratefully said, "Thank you eldest senior brother for your pointers!"


 "Mm." Fang Yuan slightly nodded his head and carefully checked Ding Hao’s expression, knowing the latter had complete trust in him now.


 Ding Hao had originally been a servant and then secretly cultivated for close to ten years on Mu Bei mountain. His honest character made him easy to deceive.


 In fact, even those who were very scheming would be moved by Fang Yuan’s words and would at least believe most of it.


 "No use in crying over spilled milk. Act with me and if your performance is good, I will give you a pass from my side." Fang Yuan said.


 Ding Hao’s eyes brightened and immediately replied: "Please speak elder senior brother, I will definitely do my best to accomplish it!"


 Fang Yuan gave detailed instructions before charging back to the camp.


 With Ding Hao’s secret cooperation, Fang Yuan returned beside Shang Xin Ci without any mishaps.


 Seeing an expert like Fang Yuan returning to their sides, everyone in the caravan was surprised, happy and in awe.


 In their perspective, Fang Yuan could have already escaped but he fought his way back to them.


 "I am burdening you, benefactor!" Shang Xin Ci felt ashamed and guilty.


 "No matter. You are only one of the reasons, besides, Bai Yun is also here." Fang Yuan shook his hand and intentionally said this, making Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die feel even more moved.


 Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan with doubt; Fang Yuan vaguely winked at her, she immediately realized he was up to no good.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Winking because he successfully saved the caravan of course!



***
Chapter 257: A spear from behind


***





 Chapter 257: A spear from behind


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The zombie horde’s attacks gradually slowed down and the situation came to a standstill.


 Time passed minutes by minutes; occasionally, some Gu Masters heroically sacrificed themselves or zombies fell down.


 Two hours later, Ding Hao followed Fang Yuan’s instruction and steeply increased the attacks of the zombies, breaking the defensive line that was hanging by a thread.


 There were only thirty or so people in the caravan now.


 They had to break through! They were all of one mind on this as everyone of them could see that there was a chance at survival if they broke through, and if they insisted on defending their positions, their deaths were certain.


 To break through would also be a desperate struggle. Layers upon layers of white-hair zombies had encircled them and there were also black-hair zombies obstructing them.


 "Give up on these mortals, they will only slow down our speed!" Jia Long shouted.


 Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die became pale.


 "Don’t worry, I am here." Fang Yuan defended them.


 All the remaining mortals were ruthlessly abandoned, only the two of them remained.


 Jia Long and other Gu Masters didn’t dare to say anything since they had to rely on Fang and Bai’s strength.


 They were progressing shakily through the siege and just when it looked like they were about to break out, two green-hair zombies appeared.


 "We will go back." Fang Yuan pulled Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die, and said in a soft voice.


 Bai Ning Bing stopped, weren’t they entering into the encirclement again by going back?


 However, Fang Yuan was already retreating towards the back with Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die. Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth as she looked at the empty field in front of her, but she still turned around and followed Fang Yuan.


 The other Gu Masters fell into a chaotic battle against the two green-hair zombies.


 Green-hair zombies were as strong as thousand beast king, and though there were many rank three Gu Masters, they were already exhausted.


 As their battle with the green-hair zombies continued, the surrounding black and white-hair zombies closed in on them.


 This instead caused the pressure on Fang and Bai to decrease greatly.


 Fang Yuan retreated dozens of steps before he started breaking through again.


 Numerous white-hair zombies were blocking their way, but Fang Yuan just plunged and dashed; the power he displayed was extremely high, white-hair zombies died everywhere he passed.


 Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck, was this Fang Yuan’s true strength?


 "Eh, these white-hair zombies are too weak..." She immediately found something amiss when she attacked.


 The white-hair zombies that were blocking them were many times weaker than before. They had dazed expressions and didn’t even attack properly, they were more like punching targets.


 "Did Fang Yuan discover this weakness and is using it now? Strange, these white-hair zombies look the same, how in the world did he discover these weakness?" Bai Ning Bing was bothered and bewildered.


 Fang Yuan, however, was hurling curses inwardly right now.


 Before departing, he had reminded Ding Hao to make the zombies appear strong although actually weak, and make it realistic. So what horrible performance is this?


 Ding Hao was sweating profusely.


 He had never exerted so much concentration to control the zombie army.


 He was extremely nervous, feeling that he had destroyed eldest senior brother’s secret mission. Guilt and worry made him cooperate with Fang Yuan’s act with all his efforts. It was okay when he didn’t know Fang Yuan’s identity, but now that he knew Fang Yuan was his eldest senior brother, how could he dare to truly attack him?


 "Amazing!" Xiao Die exclaimed in surprise.


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes also brightened.


 Fang Yuan was moving unhindered, like an unmatched general maneuvering on the battlefield, giving off a feeling of invincibility!


 Who does not love heroes?


 Which girl did not dream of a prince riding a white horse, a hero saving the beauty?


 Xiao Die did and so did Shang Xin Ci.


 Right now, as the master and servant looked at Fang Yuan’s wide back, there were ripples in their hearts.


 Fang Yuan was ugly, but at this moment, this ugliness gave off a beautiful radiance to them. His bravery and spirit gave an indescribable sense of security to these two girls who were in this dangerous situation; they could not help but want to rely and depend on him.


 "Such terrible acting, this coward!" Fang Yuan really wanted to kick Ding Hao to death. His thoughts moved rapidly and he could make out Ding Hao’s mental state.


 "It seems I have no choice..." Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, then he resolutely deactivated canopy Gu and charged towards an attacking white-hair zombie.


 His flesh was torn open, Fang Yuan got injured.


 "Good, this is how it should be!" Fang Yuan happily thought. This was the best chance to win Shang Xin Ci’s trust, how could he let it go in vain?


 "Damn it!!" Bai Ning Bing cursed and immediately rushed towards Fang Yuan, abandoning Shang Xin Ci. Fang Yuan had the Yang Gu on him, that was the key to her reverting back to a man and it could absolutely not be lost.


 "Oh my heavens!!!" Ding Hao’s whole body shook when he saw Fang Yuan being injured. He was blaming himself; the worry and panic was clear on his face as he mumbled: "It wasn’t intentional, it really wasn’t intentional, eldest senior brother!"


 "Ahh...." Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die both cried out.


 Their hearts ached seeing Fang Yuan injured.


 "What are you doing, go back and protect them!" Fang Yuan shouted in a soft voice when Bai Ning Bing approached him.


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils widened, she immediately realized Fang Yuan had intentionally received the attack; this bastard!


 "Don’t go overboard." Bai Ning Bing’s eyes twitched, she said these words and left.


 With Ding Hao’s control, the white-hair zombies made threatening gestures, but it was all show and little action.


 Bai Ning Bing kicked a white-hair zombie flying and hurried back towards Shang Xin Ci.


 "How is Hei Tu?" Shang Xin Ci grabbed Bai Ning Bing’s arm and asked.


 "He is okay." Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched.


 "Why are you not switching with him, he is injured!" The gentle Shang Xin Ci’s words carried a rarely seen grievance.


 Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched, she couldn’t tell that Fang Yuan intentionally received the attack, right? So, she casually made up a reason: "He has always been like this, he will never stop when he starts an assault, unless he falls."


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes flickered and slightly reddened.


 Xiao Die covered her mouth, her eyes were already moist.


 There were ripples in the master and servant’s hearts again as they looked at Fang Yuan. What kind of man was this! In this horde of zombies, he moved around without fear, constantly pressing forward. No doubt he was a hero, a sorrowful hero!


 Seeing Fang Yuan injured, Ding Hao was shaking with fear and didn’t dare to obstruct the path.


 Fang Yuan charged ahead for some distance and led Shang Xin Ci and the group out of the zombie encirclement.


 "That’s it?" He smacked his lips with dissatisfaction and grudgingly looked at the only injury on his body. It was such a good opportunity to show off but he only received a single injury; the act was really lacking.


 Despite only suffering a single injury, it already made Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die extremely worried.


 "Hei Tu, are you okay? You are injured, the wound is so deep, all because of me!" Shang Xin Ci’s eyes were becoming moist with tears.


 "So much black blood is flowing out, Lord Hei Tu you have been poisoned." Xiao Die said with deep concern.


 Fang Yuan puffed out his chest and said in a deep, fearless voice: "This is just a small injury, the corpse poison is somewhat troublesome but I can detoxify it with clearing heat Gu. You don’t no need to worry. Hahaha..."


 He started laughing.


 The camp was in ruins, flames blazed everywhere. The remaining people in the caravan had set the camp aflame before leaving; it was to burn their bridges and also to have a source of lighting.


 Fang Yuan and the group charged out of the zombie encirclement and reached the outer perimeter of the light from the fire.


 The light shone on Fang Yuan’s face, chest and his injury.


 He laughed, his appearance was ugly but it gave a different kind of heroic charm to the two girls!


 They had dreamt of dreams of hero saving the beauty, dreamt of handsome and unrestrained hero; truthfully, the image of Fang Yuan and their image of heroes were as different as day and night. However, strangely, the two girls felt this was the true hero! He was unrestrained, fearless and had unmatched heroic spirit!


 Many years later, Shang Xin Ci would ask herself how Fang Yuan walked deep into her heart... every time, she would involuntarily think of this night....


 Layers upon layers of zombies to his back, blazing flames shining upon his face, the burn scars on his face, his smile revealing his white teeth. His deep black pupils looked at herself, the normally cold and indifferent eyes - under the orange flames - revealed a hint of warmth.


 "Save us!" The caravan group were deeply encircled by the zombie horde and started shouting for help when they saw the situation in Fang Yuan’s side.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed but he didn’t speak. Shang Xin Ci had already grabbed his arm: "You are injured, don’t go, let’s leave. Do you remember what you said to me? Do only what you are able to."


 A peace of mind as long as one does what he can.


 Fang Yuan laughed and patted Shang Xin Ci’s hand: "Don’t worry, I am not going, there is no kindness or hatred between them and me. Let’s go!"


 However, it wasn’t so appropriate to leave like this. What if someone knew he killed Zhang Zhu and under desperation, shouted it, what would Shang Xin Ci think then? In truth, his worries were unnecessary; Chen Xin and Chen Shuang Jin who knew about the matter had already died in battle.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a bright light as he shouted loudly: "Continue to persevere, wait till I bring them to a safe place, then I will come help you!"


 "Brother Hei Tu is righteous!"


 "We hope Brother Hei Tu returns quickly!"


 "Brother Hei Tu, if you save me, I will give you a huge amount of money!"


 The caravan people shouted one after another.


 Fang Yuan laughed bitterly and looked at the master and servant’s puzzled gaze: "I am giving them some hope so that they might create a miracle. Sigh , I can only do this much."


 Fang Yuan’s image immediately rose to a much greater height in the two girls’ hearts.


 Fang Yuan and the group ran along the mountain passage.


 Under the moonlight, the mountain passage looked like it was covered with snow.


 As per their previous discussion, Ding Hao arranged a batch of zombies around here to block the path.


 The four rushed to the arranged area, Fang Yuan signalled Bai Ning Bing with his eyes then stood at the spot: "You guys leave first, I will stop these zombies and hurry back to you."


 The master and servant’s steps immediately slowed down, but under Bai Ning Bing’s persuasion, they continued to run along the path and soon left Fang Yuan’s sight.


 Fang Yuan laughed, he acted as if he was in a struggle with the zombies and finding an opportune timing, he activated jumping grass and jumped over the zombies, arriving beside Ding Hao.


 The battle with the caravan was still ongoing. There were only three remaining in the caravan side, but what amazed Fang Yuan was a green-hair zombie had actually perished!


 After asking Ding Hao, he realized a Gu Master had used a rare rank three detonation Gu.


 "Eldest senior brother." Ding Hao immediately bowed, his face was pale and his forehead filled with sweat.


 He had never tried splitting his thoughts to control the zombies with such intensity. The main thing was he had to act according to Fang Yuan’s directions, making him more exhausted.


 Previously he would just command the zombies to attack or retreat. How could he have commanded them to only make threatening gestures and attack empty air? And he still had to control these zombies to keep still when attacked by Fang Yuan.


 "Eldest senior brother, how is your injury? It really wasn’t intentional. I have a healing Gu here." Ding Hao started to explain hurriedly.


 Fang Yuan patted his shoulder: "You are good, you have put in a lot of effort. No need to worry about my injury, I suffered it intentionally. Now, you just have to use more strength and eradicate these people!"


 "Yes." Ding Hao immediately let out a breath of relief.


 With his spirits raised, he started maneuvering countless zombies forward.


 The surviving three knew their deaths were certain - one closed his eyes and sighed; another cried out Fang Yuan’s name; and another was crying loudly.


 Under the threat of death, their natural instincts were fully revealed.


 The zombie horde submerged the three. Fang Yuan satisfiedly nodded: "Was there anyone who escaped?"


 "No, absolutely none. I did what eldest senior brother instructed and arranged a large amount of zombies in the perimeter." Ding Hao quickly answered.


 "Good, well done. Clean up the battlefield, remember to not leave behind any tracks."


 "Yes, eldest senior brother."


 Ding Hao had never exposed himself when he attacked the caravans which showed he had certain level of accomplishment in clearing the tracks. He cleaned up the battlefield with ease and disguised the traces as ordinary zombie horde attacking the caravan; Fang Yuan secretly nodded his head in approval.


 However, although he was older than Fang Yuan, his experience couldn’t compare to the veteran Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan pointed out some areas that were overlooked, causing Ding Hao to admire him. For instance, the primeval stones couldn’t be entirely taken, they had to leave some behind, after all the zombies wouldn’t collect them. Another point would be not all the corpses should be changed to zombies; the corpse poison could be deep or shallow and they didn’t have a hundred percent chance to turn corpses into zombies.


 "Eldest senior brother, please take these primeval stones." About five minutes later, Ding Hao sensibly offered the primeval stones he collected.


 Fang Yuan glanced at it, there were approximately thirteen thousand primeval stones. He didn’t hesitate to take it and put them in tusita flower.


 "How are your gains?" Fang Yuan patted Ding Hao’s shoulder and warmly asked.


 Ding Hao’s pale face let out an excited light: "The gains are huge this time. I obtained five complete bodies and they are all rank three Gu Masters. There are also dozen Gu Master corpses, they are all strength Gu Masters. I will get at least black-hair zombies once they are turned into zombies."


 "Hahaha, you have obtained a good harvest. Raise these black-hair zombies properly and you will definitely have new green-hair zombies."


 Ding Hao repeatedly nodded his head, his face filled with admiration: "This is the first time I have devoured a whole caravan. It is all thanks to eldest senior brother for attracting beast groups along the way and constantly reducing their forces. All these gains I made is because of eldest senior brother."


 "You are not too shabby either, your commanding ability is quite good. But looking at your face, you have used your brain too much, your mind is haggard and your soul is wounded. You need to recuperate for a while. Taking good care of our soul is very important to our lineage. If our soul is not strong, our mind will be weak and commanding the zombies will be more difficult." Fang Yuan smiled, speaking gently.


 "Thank you eldest senior brother for your concern!" Ding Hao had lived alone for close to ten years, this was the first time someone showed concern for him, so he couldn’t help being moved.


 This emotional spike immediately caused him to have an intense dizziness, his body shook and if not for Fang Yuan supporting him, he might have fallen head-first into the ground.


 "I am ashamed! My cultivation is still not enough, I am feeling dizzy and my mind is not working properly." Ding Hao was able to barely stand up.


 "There is no need to worry, return to the cave and rest properly. Although you will still feel headaches tomorrow, your mind will have mostly recovered and can smoothly command these zombies." Fang Yuan smiled.


 "Yes. I have experienced this before when I tried to control too many zombies, I almost fainted on the spot, hahaha." Ding Hao laughed.


 "Okay... I need to leave now, I give you my approval. Rest properly and wait for me to come back, I will bring you to pay respects to master. Right, where is your cave?"


 "It is halfway up the mountain beside a dark pond. It is easy to find, that dark pond is very unique, it is shaped like a pentagram." Ding Hao was very happy and immediately answered, "Eldest senior brother, you really won’t come visit my cave with me?"


 "I can’t, time is pressing, I need to hand over the secret mission to master. Not good, someone actually feigned death, there is still someone who escaped!"


 "Where!" Ding Hao’s mind shook and immediately turned around to look.


 Pew!


 Next instant, a bone spear pierced his skull.


 Plop


 Ding Hao collapsed on the ground, a thick spiral bone spear pierced through his skull; blood and brains slowly flowed out the spiral hole.


 His eyes were wide open, a look of utter disbelief.


 The smile on Fang Yuan’s face disappeared, changing into an indifferent expression. He slowly bent down and grabbed Ding Hao’s leg, dragging him towards the ruined camp.


 The flames were still blazing. The zombies - having lost their master - started hopping aimlessly.


 The corpses on the ground drew their attention, enticing them.


 They hopped towards the corpses, biting and tearing them.


 Fang Yuan dragged Ding Hao’s corpse past the corpses strewn battlefield, sounds of zombies eating the corpses kept on reverberating in his ears.


 He threw Ding Hao towards the blazing fire and quietly looked on as the corpse slowly changed to ash. The Gu worms on the corpse also mournfully wailed before gradually burning to death.


 Once Shang Xin Ci was recognized by Shang clan leader, she would definitely be strictly investigated by the Shang clan. This battle was sure to be of utmost importance.


 If Ding Hao was captured by them and interrogated, Fang Yuan could be in danger.


 Despite Ding Hao being an honest person, easy to deceive and a very good chess piece, his worth could never match with Shang Xin Ci. And if there were risks, it was better to abandon them. This including giving up the Gu worms on his body. As long as Fang Yuan carried them on him, Second Zombie King could find him. Moreover, it was not convenient for Fang Yuan to feed zombie heart Gu and it might only leave behind traces which could be discovered in Shang Clan’s investigation.


 As for these zombies, they had turned back to being common zombie horde after losing their master. Once they finished eating these corpses, a part of them would stay here and another part would leave, wandering about Mu Bei mountain and searching for food.


 Once they were done with this, the whole scene would become even more natural.


 Only after Ding Hao’s corpse was burned to ashes did Fang Yuan slowly leave.


 The zombies were eating the corpses, these mindless things were of no threat now.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 What a hero!



***
Chapter 258: Separation as planned


***





 Chapter 258: Separation as planned


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The crescent moon hangs high in the night sky, as moonlight flowed down like water.


 Shang Xin Ci stood on a boulder and gazed far away, her face filled with worry: "Why has Brother Hei Tu still not returned?"


 "Did something happen?" Xiao Die added.


 "How could anything happen to him, don’t worry." Bai Ning Bing leaned on a withered tree, wondering what Fang Yuan was up to again.


 Minutes and minutes passed, as Shang Xin Ci’s brows furrowed while her worry kept increasing.


 Bai Ning Bing also started feeling something amiss, almost eight minutes had passed, did something really happen to Fang Yuan?


 She didn’t care about Fang Yuan’s death, what she cared about was the Yang Gu on Fang Yuan.


 Anxiety grew in her heart. Half of this was because of Fang Yuan’s disappearance, the other half was because of her own helplessness. As Fang Yuan’s cultivation continued to advance, she found it incredibly difficult to deal with him and get the Yang Gu. This meant that if Fang Yuan reneged on his promise, she had no way to deal with him.


 Bai Ning Bing knew what kind of personality Fang Yuan had after travelling with him for so long. Fang Yuan’s cultivation was nearing rank three; the promised time was coming and her heart was becoming increasingly fretful.


 The three discussed and just when they decided to return to assist Fang Yuan, he appeared in their sights on the mountain passage.


 Shang Xin Ci let out a breath of relief, but her heart pounded again when Fang Yuan walked in front of them: "Brother Hei Tu, you are injured again!"


 Fang Yuan had intentionally made some more injuries on his body. He drew in a breath of cold air: "When you guys had just left, a green-hair zombie appeared. Fortunately, I ran quickly, we should leave immediately, it might still be chasing me."


 The three naturally didn’t dare to stay any longer when they heard that and hastened their journey that very night.


 So far, Fang Yuan’s objectives were achieved and he behaved appropriately along the way.


 After crossing Mu Bei mountain, they arrived at Shuang Jiang mountain.


 This mountain had two peaks separated by a deep ravine, the peaks were similar to each other and gave off a majestic aura.


 The four no longer had the caravan’s protection now, so it seemed to take a lot more effort when they moved through the mountain.


 Fortunately, after crossing Shuang Jiang mountain, it was Xue Lei mountain.


 Xue Lei mountain had Zhao Clan and could not be considered to be a wild area since there were human inhabitants on it.


 The most dangerous part of the trade route was already over, so the danger had greatly decreased.


 Fang and Bai were wanted by Bai Clan, so they didn’t go to Zhao Clan. The four moved on relentlessly; after passing through Xue Lei mountain, they continued to cross Qian Ku mountain, Ju Ren mountain, Lu Zao mountain... crossing over six great mountains.


 During this time, Fang Yuan’s cultivation advanced from rank two middle stage to peak stage.


 On the whole journey, they only stopped by some remote hamlets to replenish their supplies.


 As they neared Shang Liang mountain, the mountain path became wider and there were more people moving through the path.


 And finally, on this day, Shang Liang mountain finally appeared in their sights.


 "Puff, that is Shang Liang mountain?" Shang Xin Ci put her hand on her forehead to shield her from the sunlight and looked at the horizon before letting out a breath of turbid air.


 "Missy, we are almost there!" Xiao Die laughed happily, and excitedly shook Shang Xin Ci’s arm.


 Bai Ning Bing only looked and did not speak.


 "We will go our separate ways when we arrive at Shang Liang mountain. Lady Zhang, I have paid your favor." Fang Yuan suddenly said.


 "What?" Xiao Die gasped, not having expected Fang Yuan to say that, she stood on the spot at a loss.


 Shang Xin Ci’s expression changed, her eyelashes slightly trembled as she looked at Fang Yuan.


 These days, while Fang Yuan remained silent, he had already become a pillar of support for her. Now that he is leaving, Shang Xin Ci immediately felt a sense of emptiness and loss.


 "All things must come to an end." Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.


 "True..." Shang Xin Ci pursed up her lips, her breathing was becoming heavy. After being in contact with Fang Yuan all the time these days, she knew his character; he was a someone acts upon his decisions, a resolute man.


 "Let’s go, it isn’t quite safe yet, we will part our ways when we reach the city gate." Fang Yuan started walking in front.


 The atmosphere of the group had decreased to a freezing point, even the incessantly chattering Xiao Die was silent.


 The closer they were to Shang clan city, the nearer their parting; Shang clan city unconsciously slowed down Shang Xin Ci’s steps. Shang clan city was her destination for this trip and she should have been happy as she neared her target, but right now, she didn’t want to reach Shang clan city.


 However, the path was after all limited; they eventually arrived at the foot of Shang Liang mountain.


 Shang clan city’s huge gate was right in front of their eyes.


 It was time to part ways.


 Fang Yuan gazed deeply at Shang Xin Ci and nodded his head, only saying two words.


 "Take care."


 It was simply two words, but it made Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful body tremble.


 Fang Yuan turned around and left.


 "Wait." Shang Xin Ci summoned her courage and suddenly spoke.


 It was a sea of buzz and commotions around the city gate with people moving to and fro.


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful pupils gazed at Fang Yuan as the crowds moved rapidly around them.


 "We will meet again some day. Benefactor, you might have repaid my favor in your heart, but you have saved me over and over again, this favor you have given to me is as deep as the sea and as heavy as the mountain. Benefactor, you said a drop received in need will be repaid with whole river. I will definitely repay you!" The young girl’s tone was firm and revealed her resolute heart.


 Fang Yuan smiled towards her, then turned around and left, gradually disappearing within the crowd.


 Shang Xin Ci stood on the spot for a long while.


 "Miss, they are really heartless, leaving just like that." Xiao Die walked over and held her hand.


 "They do not want to implicate us, their demonic path identity cannot be exposed even on Shang Liang mountain." Shang Xin Ci’s nature was kind, always thinking of people positively.


 "Oh, it was like that!" Xiao Die realized.


 "They might be demonic Gu Masters but they are good people. I have decided, I will make it big on Shang clan city. There is definitely a place for my talent. I might just be a mortal who can’t cultivate, but I can hire Gu Masters to work for me. I will definitely repay their favor in future!"


 "Yes! I believe in you Missy."


 ...


 "Strange, you have protected Shang Xin Ci all the way, why are you intentionally parting ways now that we reached Shang Liang mountain? I have to remind you that there is a huge flow of people in Shang clan city and you don’t have an investigative Gu; if you are just playing hard to get, make sure you don’t lose track of her. If not, you will just be shooting yourself in the foot, it would really be a great joke."


 Bai Ning Bing coldly reminded Fang Yuan from the side.


 Fang Yuan ignored her, his gaze followed Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die till they walked through the city gate and only then did he retrieve his gaze.


 As per his previous life’s memories, Shang clan leader should detect his bloodline in Shang Xin Ci once she entered Shang clan city. However, for confirmation, the tyrannical Shang clan leader would round up all the people of the caravan, which Shang Xin Ci joined at that time, and keep them in house arrest as he interrogated and investigated them.


 When the truth was cleared up and Shang Xin Ci’s identity was confirmed, Shang clan leader generously compensated all the caravan members by twice the amount of their goods.


 Shang Xin Ci directly jump from being a mortal girl to being Shang clan leader’s beloved daughter. This event caused a sensation and became a popular conversation topic.


 This is why Fang Yuan needed to part ways with Shang Xin Ci.


 Fang Yuan had many Gu in his aperture which could never be exposed to others; especially the Spring Autumn Cicada. If he was investigated and his aperture searched, it would become a huge trouble.


 If it was an ordinary clan, Fang Yuan would have no worries because the clan leaders who usually had the highest cultivation would only be at rank four stage in such clans. However, Shang clan leader had rank five cultivation and that wasn’t even the highest cultivation here. There were supreme elders in the Shang clan possessing rank six cultivation; if they were to search Fang Yuan’s aperture, the Spring Autumn Cicada would be discovered even if it hid deep within.


 Saying his farewell had another advantage; he would appear to have no desire or need anything from Shang Xin Ci, this would deepen the impression of ’only repaying favor’ in her heart. Later, when he meets Shang Xin Ci, he would definitely obtain her trust.


 Actually, the quickest way to form an inseparable relation to Shang Xin Ci is through sexual relation.


 Fang Yuan could sense Shang Xin Ci had good feelings towards him. If he took her chastity, the future Shang clan leader would fall deeply in love with him.


 Fang Yuan might appear ugly, but the charisma he released already moved Shang Xin Ci’s heart.


 He knew Shang Xin Ci would not refuse him if he wanted it.


 But this way absolutely could not be carried out!


 If he did it, he would become Shang clan’s son-in-law and would be bound to the chariot called Shang clan. Then Fang Yuan would no longer be able to do things his own way, his every movement would be watched by others, his hands and feet bound, even his cultivation would have to be purposely suppressed.


 As his cultivation increased rapidly, it would expose bone flesh unity Gu which was sure to cause an upheaval and attract all kinds of attention. Fang Yuan understood how much bone flesh unity Gu was worth, even Shang clan could not keep it for themselves.


 And if Spring Autumn Cicada was revealed on top of that, hehe, those reclusive rank six Gu Masters, even rank seven Gu Masters would jump out one after another. After reaching rank six, the Gu Master would experience a qualitative change in their strength, each of them able to contend against the strength of a whole clan.


 Once he had sexual relations with Shang Xin Ci, after Shang Xin Ci confirmed his identity, even if she was Shang clan leader, they would all come looking for Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was moreover a demonic Gu Master with unknown origins, it was unavoidable for him to be investigated and interrogated.


 If he escaped, he would have to face Shang clan’s pursuit and arrest warrant. This was a completely different concept from Bai Clan’s arrest warrant.


 Bai Clan was in dire straits and didn’t have enough strength, but Shang Clan was one of the overlords of Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan would only have one way out if that happened, that was to escape from the Southern Border.


 ...


 Shang Yan Fei was sitting cross legged in the air, his whole body bathing in flames.


 The flames were scarlet like blood and were burning silently in the dark void.


 As the leader of Shang clan, he is occupied with clan affairs everyday and does not have much time to cultivate. Even so, with his domineering aptitude and comprehension, he was able to cultivate to rank five upper stage and was only a step away from peak stage.


 Today’s cultivation was about to end...


 The scarlet flames slowly dispersed and shrunk, finally changing back to long crimson hair on Shang Yan Fei’s head.


 Without the illumination from fire, darkness spread, becoming the sole master of the area.


 Suddenly! Shang Yan Fei opened his eyes, his pupils were dyed color of blood and his gaze shone like lightning as it pierced through the darkness.


 "A new bloodline that originates from mine... how did this appear out of nowhere?"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Or just impregnate her like every other MC...



***
Chapter 259: Reunion of Father and Daughter


***





 Chapter 259: Reunion of Father and Daughter


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Yan Fei’s thoughts stirred and immediately disappeared from within the darkness.


 When he reappeared, he was already at the outer area of Shang clan city.


 All kinds of noise entered his ears. There were various stalls located on both sides of the street. The people in the surrounding only saw a flash of bloody flame, then a black robed, crimson haired handsome man appeared in their midst.


 "Whoa, scared the soul out of me!"


 "Who is this man? He actually dares to use his Gu in Shang clan city?"


 Many people cast bewildered gazes, only few recognized Shang Yan Fei but they were not sure.


 Shang Yan Fei ignored these gazes and followed the bloodline reaction; his sharp senses landed on Shang Xin Ci.


 Two girls stopped in front of a stall.


 "Missy, this hairpin is really beautiful!" Xiao Die picked up a jade hairpin from the stall and matched it with Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful hair.


 Shang Xin Ci forced out a smile, her mood had been down since parting with Fang Yuan.


 Xiao Die was instead lively, fascinated by the flourishing scene in the city.


 Suddenly, Shang Xin Ci felt something in her heart and turned around. Her gaze immediately landed on Shang Yan Fei.


 The black robed, crimson haired Shang Yan Fei was very conspicuous in the crowd, like a crane in a flock of chickens.


 However, what attracted Shang Xin Ci was not his appearance but rather a mysterious familial connection and calling from her bloodline.


 Without any word being said, the moment Shang Xin Ci saw Shang Yan Fei, she knew this middle-aged man’s identity.


 He was her father!


 Father... to Shang Xin Ci, this word was mysterious and distant, containing sorrow and sadness.


 Since young, she had asked her mother countless times about her father, but her mother always remained silent. And now, she finally met her father.


 "So this was the reason mother told me to go to Shang clan city before her death!" Realization dawned upon her and tears uncontrollably fell down her eyes.


 The moment Shang Yan Fei saw Shang Xin Ci, he connected it to her mother and realized her identity.


 Similar, they were really similar!


 This child’s gentle appearance was no different from hers!


 Shang Yan Fei suddenly felt pain in his heart, he was vaguely able to see her again.


 In that distant afternoon when spring rain was drizzling down, when willow trees were carefreely swaying beside the lotus pool; under a shabby hut, Shang clan’s young master Shang Yan Fei met the young lady of Zhang Clan who was running from rain.


 A meeting of a scholar and beauty. It was love at first sight, they poured their hearts out to each other and pledged to be married...


 However, one could only be helpless in the affairs of the world. Power and beauty was just like fish and bear paw, who could have both?


 The young Shang Yan Fei was someone with blazing fire in his heart, this fire was the natural ambition of men towards power and influence.


 Ambition or love, duty or freedom, oppressing his enemies or his promise to the beauty; Shang Yan Fei chose the former in the end and abandoned the latter.


 He later defeated his brothers and sisters, ascended to the position of Shang clan leader and sat on the glorious throne. He became a rank five Gu Master, married countless beauties and now had many sons and daughters. And because Zhang Clan and Shang Clan had been enemies for generations, he could no longer look for her.


 One cannot control everything in the world.


 Clan leader’s identity became his symbol of success but also the shackles that binds him.


 The king’s every movement could bring about upheavals and was closely watched by everyone. As the clan leader of Shang clan, how could he let his love affair affect the clan?


 All these years, he tried hard to convince himself and hide his guilt and worries deep within by using the reasons of righteousness and duty. He thought he had forgotten it all, but now when he saw Shang Xin Ci, those warm memories hidden deep within him instantly enveloped his soul like the sound of spring rain.


 Right now, waves were surging in his heart!


 The blood of kinship that is thicker than water had turned into a river; now, his guilt overflowed into this river and became a sea, instantly submerging him.


 He took a light step and disappeared, reappearing in front of Shang Xin Ci the next moment.


 Xiao Die gasped, the surrounding people all looked astonished and shocked.


 But the two people involved did not sense anything.


 "You... what is your name?" Shang Yan Fei opened his mouth with great effort, his voice carried a magnetic quality and was filled with strong warmth.


 Shang Xin Ci did not reply.


 Tears streamed down from her beautiful eyes.


 She took a step back and tightly pursed her lips, she then firmly looked at Shang Yan Fei, her gaze carrying stubbornness...


 It was this man who hurt her mother’s heart.


 It was this man who caused her to suffer discrimination and bullying since young.


 It was this man who enchanted her mother, making her think about him even at death.


 It was this man and yet he... he is... my father.


 Her mood surged and raged, countless feelings mixed together to form a berserk whirlpool, threatening to swallow her mind.


 She fainted.


 "Missy!" Xiao Die who had been absorbed in Shang Yan Fei’s aura, regained her senses and screamed.


 However, Shang Yan Fei was a step faster and held Shang Xin Ci on his hands.


 "Who dares to openly violate the city rules and use Gu, do you want to end up in prison?" A group of city guards sensed the abnormal change and came over, swearing.


 "Ah, Lord clan leader!" Their expressions instantly changed the moment they saw Shang Yan Fei, and all of them kneeled down.


 The whole street was in commotion.


 "You... you are... Shang clan’s..." Xiao Die stammered, and was speechless.


 Shang Yan Fei grabbed Xiao Die’s arm; a blood colored flame burst forth and the three disappeared.


 ...


 "Line up in a queue, enter one by one. Everyone needs to pay ten primeval stones as the toll to enter the city. Once you enter the city, you are not allowed to misuse your Gu, the violators will be sent to prison for at least seven days!" The guards at the city gate shouted loudly.


 There were many arrest warrants posted on the city walls. Some had already yellowed from age and was covered by other warrants, revealing only a corner of them; and some were completely new posted carelessly on the walls.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved with the queue and slowly neared the city gate. Sure enough, they saw an arrest warrant for them from Bai Clan.


 "Bai Clan..." Fang Yuan inwardly snorted.


 "Two sirs, please stop." The gate guards approached Fang and Bai.


 The two were wearing common clothings and looked just like ordinary people. Bai Ning Bing lowered her straw hat further down.


 "Here is twenty primeval stones." Fang Yuan was not nervous, he simply handed over a bag.


 The guards confirmed the amount, and immediately let them pass.


 Despite there being arrest warrants packed all over the city walls beside him which he could easily look at, he didn’t give them a single glance from start to end.


 These arrest warrants were nothing more than superficial show.


 Shang clan prioritized profits, as long as one handed over primeval stones, they could enter the city. Everyday, numerous demonic Gu Masters passed under the eyes of these guards; both sides had reached a tacit mutual understanding.


 Demonic Gu Masters would sell their loots in Shang clan city, and they would also need to replenish any lacking Gu worms; Shang clan city was the best option for them.


 One could even say, one of the huge pillars for Shang clan city’s development was the demonic Gu Masters.


 Of course, the demonic Gu Masters couldn’t enter the city too brazenly and aggressively. After all, Shang clan city represented righteous path and they would also need to consider some consequences of their actions.


 A wide street appeared in front of the two after they walked through the city gates.


 There were people moving to and fro on the street. Large tall trees were planted on both sides of the street and under its shade were all kinds of stalls; some sold food like sesame breads, soft bean curd, meat and vegetable dishes; while others sold jewellery and all kinds of other stuff.


 The two walked past the stalls, then they saw buildings; tall bamboo buildings, mud buildings and white-grey tiled houses.


 Shops, hotels, inns, smithies and so on appeared one after another.


 "This brother, do you need a room? Our price is very cheap, just half a primeval stone for a night." A middle-aged woman approached Fang and Bai with a smile on her face.


 Fang Yuan glared at her and left without saying a word.


 His appearance was really terrifying and gave the middle-aged woman a great shock; she did not dare to bother him anymore, instead changing her target to Bai Ning Bing who was behind him.


 "This brother, being away from home is not easy. Our inn is quite good, there will even be a pretty girl at night. It won’t be cheap for you to visit the red-light street. Mortals like us who travel outside to sell goods are using our lives to earn money, yet spending our hard earned money on those places would not even cause a ripple. Our inn’s girls are still the best, extremely cheap too! We have mature girls and even fresh, cute and adorable ones. What is your pick, brother?"


 The middle-aged woman said in a soft voice, with a vague expression. She misunderstood Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing as mortals from their clothings.


 A dark frown appeared on Bai Ning Bing’s face.


 "Get lost." She coldly snorted, her tone bone-chilling.


 The middle-aged woman’s face rapidly changed, her whole body stiffened as she remained stunned on the spot.


 "So she was a female."


 "Hahaha, Big Sister Zhang you made an error this time..."


 The nearby workers who were of the same profession and were soliciting customers, roared with laughter and ridiculed the middle-aged woman.


 Along the way, Bai Ning Bing had made great progress in disguising as a man, so even the experienced brokers made an error.


 Four Seasons Restaurant.


 One hour later, Fang Yuan stopped in front of a five storey tall building.


 The building was made of white-black tiles, with vermillion gate and huge pillars. There was an aroma of wine and fragrance of dishes floating around the place. It was a famous restaurant in Shang clan city.


 "Sirs, please come in." A smart waiter saw Fang and Bai, and quickly came out to invite them.


 The two had walked for a long while and the journey had been tough, they were also hungry, so they stepped into the restaurant.


 "Sirs, please take a seat here." The waiter showed the way.


 Fang Yuan slightly frowned: "This hall is too noisy, we will go upstairs."


 The waiter immediately revealed an awkward expression: "I won’t keep it from sirs, we indeed have private rooms upstairs, but they are only opened to Gu Masters."


 Fang Yuan snorted and revealed a portion of snow-silver primeval essence.


 The waiter quickly bent down: "I had failed to recognize Mount Tai, please come upstairs!"


 When they reached the stairs, the waiter stopped, a young and sweet looking girl walked over and spoke softly: "Lords, could I ask which floor you want to go? Four Seasons Restaurant has five floors, first floor hall is for mortals; second floor provides for rank one Gu Masters; third floor provides for rank two Gu Masters, there is a twenty percent discount for them; fourth floor provides for rank three Gu Masters and has fifty percent discount; fifth floor provides for rank four Gu Masters and the services are free of charge."


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Fourth floor then."


 The girl’s expression immediately became a bit more respectful. She bowed in greeting: "Please demonstrate your primeval essence."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Feed our hero some good food!



***
Chapter 260: Each with their own schemes


***





 Chapter 260: Each with their own schemes


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Steamed lamb, braised duck, steamed eight treasure pork, glutinous rice stuffed duck, stir-fried carp, assorted stuffed intestines, spicy oil crispy roll, honey yam, sliced fresh peach, eight treasure ding, steamed bamboo shoots, ape lips, camel humps, antlers, bear paws, three fresh osmanthus soup, beeswax pork trotters, fresh sharks’ fin soup...


 A moment later, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing sat at elegant seats on the fourth floor, as a spread of delicacies were presented before them, each possessing visual appeal, fragrant smell, and flavor.


 Fang Yuan picked up a pair of bamboo chopsticks, and casually ate a few mouthful, he first tried the steamed bamboo shoots, they tasted refreshing, raising one’s concentration. He next took a piece of the fresh peach, its sweetness was perfection. Next he took the bear paw, it was plump and tender, just like the steamed lamb, tasting divine with just a bit of flavoring.


 Bai Ning Bing drank a mouthful of the three fresh osmanthus soup, flavor spreading in her mouth as fragrance remained on her lips and teeth, causing her appetite to awaken.


 "After spending so much time with you, this is the first time you are so generous." As she ate, she did not forget her sarcastic comments to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed, not giving a reply, he knew Bai Ning Bing’s suspicion and impatience.


 He got closer to Shang Xin Ci, using all his effort to protect her laboriously. And yet at their destination, he purposely split away from them; this action was something Bai Ning Bing could not comprehend.


 Fang Yuan was now rank two peak stage, only a step away from rank three. The agreement he set with Bai Ning Bing back then regarding rank three, was approaching its end too.


 But Fang Yuan would definitely not keep his word! In his eyes, such a thing like integrity, was only a compromise made out of necessity, or a beautiful cover-up, like a convincing mask.


 Fang Yuan knew this, so did Bai Ning Bing.


 Thus, she was starting to feel hasty.


 Because she had already sensed that Fang Yuan would break his word. Yet, there was nothing she could do to Fang Yuan, the Yang Gu was in his possession, her hands were tied.


 Right now, without Bai clan’s hunting, and without beast hordes, Fang and Bai ate at the same table, giving off a sense of amiability, but their relationship was extremely tense, if they progressed one more step, they would fall apart and turn against one another.


 And this step, is Fang Yuan advancing to rank three.


 Once he advances, he and Bai Ning Bing would no longer had any hopes of reconciling, the two would have to face each other directly.


 How to deal with Bai Ning Bing?


 Throughout the meal, Fang Yuan considered this.


 His cultivation could not stay stagnant, one day, the conflict will escalate.


 The situation now was very delicate.


 Fang Yuan had the upper hand because he controlled the Yang Gu, but in fact, Bai Ning Bing also held Fang Yuan’s handle.


 She travelled along with Fang Yuan, experiencing Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance herself, while also saw how Fang Yuan attracted all those beast hordes to attack the caravan.


 She knew too much.


 Compared to the potential threat Ding Hao was, Bai Ning Bing’s threat towards Fang Yuan was far greater.


 "If I finish off Bai Ning Bing, I will not have to worry about Shang Xin Ci, but because my cultivation is insufficient, I missed the best chance to kill off Bai Ning Bing during the caravan journey. Back then I needed her strength to ensure my survival. Moreover, with Shang Xin Ci nearby, I could not strike easily. This Bai Ning Bing had always been wary of me secretly, and she has the ice muscles jade bones to defend her, I cannot finish her in one hit. Furthermore, her battle instinct is outstanding, with her recently gained experience, she is even harder to deal with now..."


 Fang Yuan considered all possibilities as his thoughts flowed, but at the same time Bai Ning Bing was also deeply considering her situation.


 "Since leaving Qing Mao mountain, there’s finally a time to rest and recover. I have to take back the Yang Gu and regain my male body! I have little chance of succeeding if I directly snatch it, unless I can kill Fang Yuan in an instant. But this scoundrel, even though he is rank two, his fighting strength is much greater than that, such a weirdo, with extremely experienced fighting techniques. Together with that scheming devious mind of his, capable of commiting all heinous crimes, no morals can restraint him, he is somebody who can truly commit any sin."


 "Most importantly, I have not discovered his true trump card yet. But I have my advantages, his current cultivation is still dependant on me, and I know too many secrets, maybe I can use these things to force him to compromise. Using the poison vow Gu, and make an agreement with him that cannot be broken, other than that, I can use plunder Gu, seize Gu, petty thief Gu and others to steal the Yang Gu..."


 Bai Ning Bing was not stupid, she had been observing along the way, and considering her options.


 As the two ate on the same table, not even three steps away from each other, they looked like good friends, but were scheming against each other in their minds.


 The disappearance of external pressure caused their internal conflicts to surface. In this relatively safe environment in Shang clan city, they had the time to consider such problems.


 But the more they thought about it, the more troublesome they felt the other party was!


 Fang Yuan did things without restraints, but Bai Ning Bing was just the same. In her ideology, as long as life is exciting, anything goes. Morals and principles? What are that?


 They were very similar, looking at the world with disdain, and were strong willed individuals, with an extremely thirst for power, only trusting themselves.


 From others’ perspectives, they were accursed demons, scum that harmed society, their death would benefit the world.


 But because they were so similar, the two could feel each other’s danger.


 The most difficult enemy to deal with, was often oneself.


 Most importantly, they held each other’s weaknesses. If they could not win in one strike, and allowed the other party to escape and recover, then both of them would go down in flames!


 The two got a headache the more they thought about it.


 "This Bai Ning Bing is not easy to deal with." Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he had too little resources to manipulate.


 "This Fang Yuan has almost no weaknesses..." Bai Ning Bing squinted, her eyes shining with cold light.


 The two could not think of anything, thus looking up at the same time, staring at each other.


 Their gaze met for an instant, before turning away.


 The delicacy before them, although delicious, had barely any flavor to the two who were deep in thoughts.


 Even though there was a fifty percent discount, Fang Yuan still paid fifteen primeval stones.


 Shang clan city indeed, commodities were expensive here.


 The two filled their stomachs, and left the restaurant.


 On the streets, Fang Yuan heard people discussing.


 "Do you know? At the southern gate, Shang clan leader appeared!"


 "How is this possible?"


 "It’s true, he came and left like a flash, the entire street was thrown into chaos...’


 "Bullshit! What kind of person is the Shang clan leader, why would he appear on the streets for no reason?"


 Rumors spread as some claimed it was Shang Yan Fei, while others denied it.


 Fang Yuan chose to enter from the eastern gate, while Shang Xin Ci came in from the south. By the time the rumors got to the eastern gate, the truth had already been distorted beyond recognition.


 Bai Ning Bing heard this, and thought of it as just a passing rumor, not paying attention to it. Soon, people started a new conversation.


 But to Fang Yuan, it was a clear indication of events.


 He laughed secretly, it seems that Shang Xin Ci’s situation did not exceed what he had expected from his memories.


 Next, he would wait for the fruits to mature, and land on himself.


 "Quickly look, its the flying blue whale, Yi clan’s caravan is here!" Suddenly, someone pointed to the sky, shouting in shock.


 At once, people on the streets stopped, and looked up in the sky.


 A giant shadow engulfed everyone.


 In the sky, a giant blue whale slowly emerged.


 Well, compared to "flying", one might as well say they are "swimming".


 Flying blue whale, was a huge beast capable of moving freely in the air.


 They lived above the nine heavens of the eastern seas, having a peaceful and mild temperament. Often Gu Masters used the whale enslavement Gu to control them and used them in the caravan.


 Flying blue whale was huge, like a small mountain, and the entire caravan hid within its body, as it flew in the sky. Compared to the caravan moving through the forests, the danger was much less and the speed was much faster.


 But the flying blue whale consumed up to five hundred kilograms of food a day, only a large-sized clan could afford to feed them.


 In the entire southern border, only Yi clan owned flying blue whales.


 Yi clan is one of the overlords of the southern border, almost the same status as Shang clan, and had a close relationship with the forces in the eastern seas.


 "What a grand sight." Bai Ning Bing sighed.


 She thought about the former Bai clan village, this blue whale just had to land on Bai clan village, and the entire village would be in ruins.


 The huge figure moved towards Shang Liang mountain, as the flying blue whale gradually landed on one of the mountain peak.


 Fang Yuan could see from afar, it opened its huge mouth and a large number of black dots emerged from its mouth.


 These dots were the Yi clan caravan members, but because of the distance, they could not be seen clearly.


 "Yi clan caravan is here, the market is going to fluctuate again."


 "I heard Yi clan brought a rank five Gu this time to auction on Shang Liang mountain."


 "Yi clan and the eastern seas have a deep connection, they definitely brought many specialties from the eastern seas this time, there is value in purchasing them."


 The topic quickly shifted to the Yi clan caravan.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing walked up the path together.


 Gu Yue clan village was only a portion of Qing Mao mountain, but Shang clan city covered the entire Shang Liang mountain.


 In the southern borders, even the number one clan Wu clan, did not have such a massive mountain city.


 The entire Shang clan city had all sorts of buildings; bamboo buildings, dried mud houses, brick houses, shacks, treehouses, and even mushroom houses, caves, towers, castles, and much more.


 These structures blended together, covering Shang Liang mountain in a beautiful garb with assorted colors.


 As the trading hub of the entire southern border, Shang clan city occupied the most space among all forces.


 But if one thinks this is all Shang clan city has to offer, then they cannot be more wrong.


 This is only the outer city of Shang clan city.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing came to a huge cave.


 "Would both guests like to enter the inner city? It will be a hundred primeval stones per person." The guarding Gu Master requested.


 "Just entering requires a hundred?" Bai Ning Bing expressed her shock.


 "The inner city has a smaller space, this is to prevent irrelevant people from entering, and also to maintain social order." The Gu Master replied respectfully.


 Shang Liang mountain had been modelled by Shang clan for thousands of years, not only did they use up the surface of the mountain, but even deeper into the mountain’s interior, they built an inner city.



***
Chapter 261: Shang Clan Inner City


***





 Chapter 261: Shang Clan Inner City


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan paid two hundred primeval stones, and entered the inner city with Bai Ning Bing.


 Inner city, although built in the mountain, had wide walking paths that could accommodate ten horse carts travelling in a line.


 Once they entered, the crowds became much smaller, less than half of the outer city.


 But Gu Masters became littered everywhere, rank ones were all over the place, rank two mixed in among them, and occasionally one or two rank threes.


 There were few to no mortals, after all, a hundred primeval stones were needed to enter. Most Gu Master had servants to attend to them, but did not want to waste their money like this.


 The illumination of the inner city was through a type of charcoal.


 The charcoal stone could burn for a long time, and did not produce smoke. Every hundred steps, Fang and Bai would see a hole dug in the walls, as a bunch of charcoal stones burnt within.


 Even though the charcoal stone did not emit much heat, with so many of them burning at once, it still caused the inner city’s temperature to be higher than outside, and the air to be much dryer.


 Unlike outer city, which had all sorts of buildings, being a complete mix, the buildings here were all of one structure, and looked the same, made through a heat-resistant red lava stone.


 All sorts of paths extended out from the main street.


 At the same time, every five hundred steps, a huge round pillar would appear.


 There was a spiral stone stairs on the surface of the pillar, as it extended upwards, with railings along the stone stairs.


 Through the stone pillars, people could go up one floor, or get to the street one floor lower.


 The inner city was not flat, but was more spherical. From up to down, numerous paths and buildings existed, linking together and allowing one to travel anywhere they wanted easily.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved towards the deeper part of the mountain, this was still not their destination.


 At a certain location, a sentry appeared.


 The Gu Master at work had higher cultivation, as the security of the place was heightened.


 "Do both of you have a token?" The guard stopped Fang and Bai.


 Shang clan gave tokens of varied authority to people of different statuses.


 "This is our first visit." Fang Yuan said.


 Obviously, he had no such thing.


 "In that case, it will be two hundred primeval stones per person." The guard said.


 Fang Yuan paid the primeval stones, and the guard let them through.


 The two arrived at the fourth inner city as a result.


 Shang Liang mountain had been through a few thousand years of development by Shang clan, the entire mountain was remodelled by Shang clan, digging paths and constructing new buildings, classifying the place into regions.


 Thus, the inner city was huge, from inner to outer, there was five regions.


 The first inner city was called the central inner city, the political heart of Shang clan, and also their military base.


 The second inner city was also known as the clan city, only Shang clansmen could stay here.


 The third inner city had an elegant environment, with clean and fresh air, it was the high-class zone.


 Fourth inner city was the middle-class zone. Fifth inner city was the low-class zone.


 Any further and we get to the outer city, having high traffic flow, and all sorts of goods transportation. Compared to the inner city, it was much more chaotic.


 This construction structure, was somewhat like a termite hill on Earth.


 Termite hills were four to ten meters long, with the termites living within, in small interconnected tunnels, complex and exquisite.


 Once the two entered the fourth inner city, they could feel more moisture in the air as the temperature dropped slightly.


 Compared to fifth inner city, fourth inner city was a grade higher, not only was the entrance fee twice as high, it also had much better facilities.


 Firstly, light was not provided by charcoal, but by a large number of a specific rank one grass Gu.


 The name is — Moonlight crawling mountain tiger.


 This was a type of vine, growing on the walls of both sides of the street, as it spread out, it could be seen everywhere.


 The roots were deep blue, and the leaves were wide and large, emitting a small blue moonlight. Just one segment of the path had thousands of leaves, as the gentle blue light merged into one.


 Because of the large numbers of leaves, the air is more humid and water vapor filled the air. Near the ground, there was mist from the condensed vapor.


 The moonlight refracted in the mist, turning into an aurora. As one walked on the streets, they had a feeling of walking in a spiritual realm.


 The buildings here were mostly full of carvings and decorations. Some residents created grass fields, and placed flower vats, while others made artificial mountains, and pavilions.


 There was even less people on the streets here.


 Rank two Gu Masters were now the common group, after all, two hundred primeval stones was a huge sum to rank one Gu Masters.


 Most evidently, the streets were still noisy in fifth inner city, but here, it was much more quiet.


 The two continued deeper, and got to the city gate.


 "Without a token, to enter the third inner city, both of you would need to pay six hundred primeval stones." The guard’s cultivation was already rank three.


 Fang Yuan gave the primeval stones, and arrived at the third area.


 This place was different from fourth inner city yet again.


 All infrastructure were made using star stones.


 This type of rock, was a widely used material in Gu refinement, able to emit starlight in the darkness.


 The entire third inner city used star stones. Not only buildings, but even the walking paths were made of star stones.


 At one glance, starlight filled the air as vision is clear, without any mist as obstruction.


 The air was fresh and clear. Looking around, there were pavilions, red walls and green bricks, and even transplanted bamboo forests, famous trees, making an artificial mountain, with spring water flowing as well.


 The streets had little people, quiet and serene, like a star palace.


 "Truly rich and extravagant..." Bai Ning Bing slightly assessed, just the cost of the buildings she could see, was an astronomical figure.


 As the most wealthy clan in the southern border, even Shang clan’s leg hair was thicker than normal people’s waists . Although an exaggeration, the rumors were not baseless.


 Shang clan’s wealth was like a mountain, in fact, the entire Shang clan city was a literal mountain. Shang clan mainly traded and that involved the entire southern border.


 Shang clan’s true wealth and asset, no one could make clear of it.


 But Fang Yuan knew, just this third inner city’s construction, could match with tens of Gu Yue clan’s total wealth.


 At this place, even rank two Gu Masters became rare.


 Once in a while, they saw Gu Masters, but there were almost all rank three.


 This was Fang Yuan’s destination.


 Any deeper, and it is the second inner city.


 But to enter, it is no longer a problem of primeval stones, Shang clan city’s token is required. And this token’s authority has to reach a certain level.


 "Tong Ou shop." Fang Yuan looked at the plaque before walking in.


 This was a shop that sold Gu worms.


 "Two esteemed guests, please enter." The attendant was a young girl, walking over and spoke in a soft volume.


 Her aura was not concealed, showing off her rank one Gu Master cultivation.


 Although Fang and Bai wore mortal clothing, one was ugly while the other was down and out, this Gu Master girl still showed a respectful attitude, displaying her superior service attitude.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were brought into an elegant room.


 This is a private room, with wooden tables and chairs, with sculptures and paintings hanging on the white walls. The brush strokes resembled dragons and phoenixes dancing as the strokes were written with precise strength.


 Through the window lattice, the garden could be seen; green trees and red flowers along with the chirping of birds.


 The Gu Master young girl brought over two cups of fragrant tea and left.


 Just as she left, an elderly man entered.


 "May I inquire if our two esteemed guests are here to buy or sell?" The elderly was a rank two Gu Master, smiling as he cupped his fists and asked.


 "Both buying, and also selling." Fang Yuan raised his cup as he answered.


 The elderly laughed, and two flashes of light flew out of his body, floating in front of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 It was two bookworms.


 Bookworm was a rank one Gu worm, but was precious, as rare as the liquor worm.


 Once one appears on the market, it would be sold instantly, there was often demand but no supply for it.


 It was like a silkworm, although it had a head, body and stomach, three distinct parts, its body looked like a cocoon overall, round and cute.


 Its body was white, but the surface had a layer of enamel, giving off an oily glow.


 Holding it in one’s hand, it was round and smooth, like a high grade porcelain vase.


 The bookworm was a storage type Gu, similar to the tusita flower.


 The difference was, tusita flower stored physical items, while bookworm stored knowledge and information. Even if it was destroyed, it would only explode into a flash of harmless white light.


 "Please browse through." The elderly Gu Master said.


 The two bookworms were refined by him, thus he could easily lend them to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang and Bai both used a trace of snow silver primeval essence, and injected it into the bookworm.


 The bookworms turned into a flash of white light, entering the two’s forehead, in between their eyebrows.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gained a wave of information in their heads.


 The information was like content they memorised, deeply entrenched in their minds.


 Bai Ning Bing bit her tongue secretly, Tong Ou shop sold almost tens of thousands of Gu worms! Gu worms of all kinds, causing one to get dizzy from observing the selection alone.


 Among them, there was bookworm, liquor worm, all sorts of precious Gu worms, from low to high, rank one to five.


 Of course, there was definitely no rank six Gu.


 Each Gu worm had their specialized introduction to state their uses. There was even accurate prices, some were priced highly, while rare and precious Gu worms even had all sorts of token requirements.


 This means, only Gu Masters with specific Shang clan tokens had the qualifications to buy these Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan needed to purchase large numbers of Gu worms, after browsing through casually, he came back to reality and returned the bookworm to the elderly.


 Although he had over ten thousand primeval stones now, to purchase all the Gu worms he needed, there was still some way to go.


 Money was not the problem, because some of the Gu worms had token requirements.


 "Esteemed guest, what are you interested in? If you purchase in bulk, we can give an appropriate discount." The elderly smiled and said.


 Seeing Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s snow silver primeval essence, his tone became even more respectful.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: "No rush, I have Gu worms to sell."


 Saying so, he summoned a bone spear Gu.


 The elderly was not surprised, there was many who came to Tong Ou shop to buy, but also many who came to sell.


 He held the bone spear Gu, took a look, and showed a trace of surprise on his face.


 He had never seen the bone spear Gu.


 Of course he has not.


 This was a special Gu worms made by Grey Bone Scholar, it had never entered the market.


 "Please enlighten me, esteemed guest." The elderly showed a solemn expression as he cupped his fists.


 Fang Yuan nodded, drinking some tea: "Of course. This is the bone spear Gu, a specific lineage of Gu worms. I’ll lend it to you now, you’ll know when you try it."


 The elderly wielded it at once, remarking: "This Gu, although rank one, is not easy to raise. But its attack power is high and is rather unique, it is worth this price."


 The elderly stretched out his palm, showing a number.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 The elderly stretched out his palm, showing a word: Cliffhanger.



***
Chapter 262: Unable to sell


***





 Chapter 262: Unable to sell


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Three hundred ten?


 Seeing the amount shown by the elderly, Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows.


 Liquor worm’s price was five hundred eighty, bookworm was slightly higher, at six hundred. Black and white boar Gu were also six hundred, but all these Gu worms were rank one rare Gu, with little numbers, thus their price was steep.


 Ordinary rank one Gu were around two hundred fifty primeval stones.


 One time expenditure Gu like vitality grass were priced at fifty a piece.


 Setting the bone spear Gu at three hundred ten was already quite good. This elderly working at Tong Ou shop did not suppress the price purposely.


 But even so, Fang Yuan tried to raise the prices as much as he could.


 Bargaining was already mastered by him to the limits in his previous life.


 In just a few sentences, the elderly had no choice but to raise the price by ten primeval stones.


 One bone spear Gu, three hundred and twenty primeval stones.


 "Alright, we shall deal at this price." Fang Yuan waved his hand, and a wave of light flew out of his aperture.


 Fifty-six bone spear Gu, floated in front of the elderly, causing him to jump from shock.


 "So many..." He instantly regretted it. Each raised by ten primeval stones, this is nearly a six hundred primeval stone increment.


 The truth is, Fang Yuan took almost two hundred bone spear Gu from Bai Gu mountain.


 But as he traded along the way, without sufficient food, most of them had died already, only so little remain.


 "Fifty-six Gu, that is seventeen thousand nine hundred and twenty (17920) primeval stones, I will ask the servants to bring over the primeval stones over now." The elderly kept the bone spear Gu into his aperture.


 "No rush, look at this." Fang Yuan smiled, taking out a spiral bone spear Gu.


 "This rank two Gu resembles the bone spear Gu..." The elderly showed astonishment on his face.


 "Indeed, successfully refining the bone spear Gu will create this spiral bone spear Gu. It has a spiral force, thus its penetration ability is very strong." Fang Yuan explained at an appropriate timing.


 The elderly tested, and verified what Fang Yuan had mentioned, giving a price of seven hundred eighty primeval stones.


 After a few rounds of bargaining, Fang Yuan raised the price to eight hundred per Gu.


 These spiral bone spear Gu were well kept by him, there were twenty in his aperture.


 This way, he sold them all for sixteen thousand primeval stones.


 "Now look at this Gu, seven thousand primeval stones." Fang Yuan gave a price, and took out the bone spike Gu, introducing once again.


 The elderly held the bone spike Gu, but did not dare to test it, laughing bitterly: "This Gu is rank three, but it hurts both enemies and user. The pain of bone spikes penetrating the skin must hurt greatly. To use it, a healing Gu has to be used as well, this price is too high, I will consider six thousand five hundred, it is just the right price..."


 "Let’s not bargain anymore, I’ll give in a little, six thousand seven hundred." Fang Yuan said.


 After two rounds, the elderly found Fang Yuan extremely hard to deal with, he wiped the sweat off his forehead and gritted his teeth: "Deal."


 "Then that is forty thousand six hundred and twenty (40620) primeval stones in total." Fang Yuan’s eyeballs moved as he gave an accurate amount.


 The elderly suddenly bowed, paying respects to Fang Yuan: "Esteemed guest, these Gu worms that you are selling, I have never seen them in my years of dealing in business. They are all interconnected, with a clear advancement path, they seem to be of one family tree. May I ask you, are these Gu from the same inheritance?"


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Any intelligent person can tell, indeed, this was obtained through a lucky opportunity, and I inherited an inheritance, getting these Gu worms.


 The elderly was joyful: "In that case, you must have the relevant Gu refinement recipe. Esteemed guest’s luck truly is amazing, even an outsider would be envious, is it possible to sell these recipes together to my shop?"


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 Goods were expensive when rare, bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu, bone spike Gu, not only he possessed them, Bai clan had them too. No issue if he sold them.


 But the complete refinement recipe, he obtained it from the flesh sac secret room, there was only one in the world. Such a thing could not be easily sold.


 "Anything that is below rank six, both Gu and recipes, can have a price. But, how much primeval stones can you offer?" Fang Yuan thought, and asked.


 As long as the price is appropriate, this recipe could be sold.


 He needed money.


 After selling the bone spear Gu and others, the forty thousand primeval stones was insufficient for his plans.


 The elderly raised two fingers: "Two hundred thousand!"


 After selling so many Gu worms, he only got forty thousand. But the formless recipe, could gain him two hundred thousand.


 Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.


 The method to catching fish far surpasses the value of the fish itself.


 Because the method implies a continuous source of fish.


 To Tong Ou shop, with a recipe, it means they can produce bone spear Gu and the others themselves, endlessly.


 That means a long term transaction item, only sold at a single place, thus the white bone recipe is definitely priced much more highly.


 But Fang Yuan smirked: "Two hundred thousand. You dare report this price?"


 The elderly’s face turned red, this price was low indeed, he quickly said: "Three hundred thousand!"


 Fang Yuan did not speak, but turned to leave.


 The elderly gritted his teeth: "Five hundred thousand!"


 "This price is finally looking bearable, I’ll sell it for six hundred and eighty thousand." Fang Yuan sipped his tea.


 The elderly’s face was bitter: "Five hundred thousand is the limit of my authority. Esteemed guest, you sold so many bone spear Gu, we can hire a recipe master to reverse engineer your recipe. It is really not bad to sell it for five hundred thousand already."


 Fang Yuan shook his head, his attitude firm: "The recipe in my hands is unique to this world, there is only one in the entire world! At least six hundred and fifty thousand, otherwise I will not sell it. Within this Shang clan city, I’m sure there are other shops, right?"


 "You do not know this esteemed guest, Shang clan city has many shops, but most are under the control of my clan’s young master. If you cannot sell it here, no other places would buy it either. If you do not sell the recipe, I’m afraid you won’t be able to sell these Gu worms too." The elderly cupped his fist, his words being both firm and compromising, with a hint of threat.


 "Oh? Then we’ll see about that." Fang Yuan kept all these Gu worms, and left.


 "Esteemed guests, I am sincerely advising you, please stay and sell it." The elderly gave his last attempt.


 Fang Yuan did not pay him any attention, walking out of the room immediately. Bai Ning Bing could only follow closely behind.


 "Esteemed guest, you will come here again." The elderly laughed coldly, sending the two off with his gaze.


 After Fang and Bai left, the elderly came to the secret room, and activated his primeval essence, summoning a Gu.


 This Gu turned into a flash of light and entered a bronze mirror.


 Ripples appeared on the mirror surface, as a young man’s face showed up.


 "This subordinate greets young master." Seeing the young Gu Master, the elderly quickly kneeled on the floor.


 "What business do you have?" This young man was one of the young masters of Shang clan, called Shang Ya Zi. He was only eighteen, at the peak of his life, but he was an alcoholic, causing his face to be skinny, and his skin to be pale, and giving off a dazed expression.


 The elderly spoke about Fang Yuan’s matter.


 In Shang Ya Zi’s eyes, a devious but excited light shone.


 He shouted loudly: "Excellent. Heaven really leaves a path for the desperate. I was worrying about how to keep my young master position, and now heaven sends me this gift. I have to obtain this inheritance, with this deal, I would be able to pass the evaluation this year!"


 "This subordinate will do his best, but I am only in charge of Tong Ou shop, as for the others..."


 "I will arrange it, hmph, these two wants to sell Gu worms, they can only bow to me!" Shang Ya Zi snorted in disdain.


 Ba Bao shop...


 "Sorry guests, there are instructions from the higher-ups, if the two of you wants to sell Gu, you should go to Tong Ou shop."


 Yuan Fang 1 building...


 "So it is the two esteemed guests, if you sell the recipe, all can be discussed."


 Bu Dao store...


 "You two are esteemed guests, I am a businesswoman, why would I chase you away, but I am left with no choice either..."


 After three shops, Fang Yuan did not manage to sell his Gu worms.


 "Haha, to think you would have this day. The old man was not wrong, this is indeed their territory." Bai Ning Bing struck a blow to Fang Yuan relentlessly.


 After several rejections, Fang Yuan’s face was still calm: "Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei has many children, but there is only one position for young clan leader, and ten young masters. Every year there would be an evaluation to choose the young clan leader, and remove the worst performing young master to make room for his other children."


 A bright light flashed across Bai Ning Bing’s brain: "So that’s it, that means this Shang clan young master is either vying for the young clan leader position, or to defend his young master title. Otherwise, he would not create such a commotion."


 Fang Yuan laughed as he clapped his hands together: "This is Shang clan’s third inner city, no fighting is allowed. Even if Bai clan came here, they cannot do anything here. For the Shang clan young masters, their restrictions is even greater. With the impending evaluation, every movement from them will be strictly observed. We are in no hurry, let’s find a place to sit down first."


 At Shang clan, there is no worry about lack of food.


 Let’s just stall it out, and wait a few more days with these bone spear Gu, let’s see who outlasts the other!


 At the same time, in the first inner city.


 "Did you investigate clearly?" Shang Yan Fei stood at the window, staring at the garden.


 "This lady is indeed your flesh and blood, clan leader. Moreover, her soul is intact, her body had not been taken over by another person. I’ve already contacted Zhang clan, and clarified her identity. But there is something strange, she was part of a caravan heading towards Shang Liang mountain, but we cannot find anyone who travelled with her in the caravan." The external clan elder Wei Yang lowered his head and reported.


 Shang Yan Fei listened quietly, sighing in his heart: "Oh heavens, thank you for giving me a chance to make amendments. I have already let down a girl, I cannot disappoint this daughter of mine anymore!"


 ...


 Shang Xin Ci sat before the table, seeing the hot steam rise from her tea, her eyes were out of focus.


 From Xiao Die’s words, she knew of Shang Yan Fei’s identity.


 She did not expect her father to be the Shang clan leader, a man with immense authority, whose every action can impact the entire southern border!


 Then why did he not find her mother?


 Shang Xin Ci was intelligent after all, quickly understanding the reason why Shang Yan Fei abandoned her mother.


 But even on her deathbed, her mother missed him greatly.


 Shang Xin Ci felt pain in her heart, but also hatred, but mostly emptiness.


 She did not know how to face this father who appeared all of a sudden.


 But running away was impossible, outside the door there was knocking: " Ci Er 2 , can I come in?"


 Xiao Die instantly became nervous.


 It was Shang Yan Fei.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Remember the last guy who threatened our righteous MC.



***
Chapter 263: Meeting


***





 Chapter 263: Meeting


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Yan Fei showed a sincere smile as he walked into the house.


 Xiao Die hurriedly paid respects, while Shang Xin Ci sat beside the table, motionless as she continued to stare at the same spot.


 Shang Yan Fei also sat beside the table, speaking in an extremely gentle voice: "Ci Er, how do you feel now?"


 Shang Xin Ci had good upbringing after all, she stood up, took a few steps back and bowed: "Lord Shang clan leader does not have to worry, I only fainted because my emotions were too intense, I have recovered now, I can hear and see well, there is no problem."


 Shang Yan Fei quickly waved his hand: "Hehehe, as long as you are fine Ci Er, come sit, sit down and talk."


 Shang Xin Ci only addressed him as Shang clan leader, purposely using such a distant term, it caused his heart to ache.


 Shang Xin Ci sat down once again, as Xiao Die finally reacted and poured tea for Shang Yan Fei.


 "Tell me, how were your past few years?" Shang Yan Fei looked at Shang Xin Ci gently.


 "It was rather alright." Shang Xin Ci answered curtly, not wishing to converse deeply into it.


 But Xiao Die started to grumble: "From young, Missy has been isolated by the clansmen. After Madam passed away, they got even harsher and wanted to snatch our family fortune. They are too evil, Sir, you have to help Missy!"


 "Xiao Die, pour your tea." Shang Xin Ci rolled her eyes at Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die instantly shut up, not speaking anymore.


 Facing this, Shang Yan Fei did not get anxious, instead the pity and pain in his heart grew.


 He laughed: "Right, how did you get here? Coming here from Zhang clan, it is a huge distance away."


 "Sir, you almost failed to see Missy. We barely made it out alive in this journey. The entire caravan of a thousand was reduced to us four. Luckily we met Lord Hei Tu and Bai Yun and gained their assistance, if not..." Xiao Die could not control herself and blabbered.


 "Xiao Die!" Shang Xin Ci glared at Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die had to shut up once again.


 Shang Yan Fei memorised the two names, "Hei Tu and Bai Yun", as he smiled: "From now on, you two will stay here. It is extremely safe, when you are bored you can take a walk in the garden, or go outside for shopping. You have just arrived here, and are not familiar with the estate yet, it is easy to get lost. I will send a servant over to you, she is familiar with the environment. I shall leave first, take a good rest for now."


 Shang Yan Fei could tell Shang Xin Ci still needed time to adjust her mindset.


 At this point, he needed to give her time and space to adapt.


 "Master is such a good person, although he is the Shang clan leader, he is so amiable. Missy, he is your birth father after all..." Seeing Shang Yan Fei leave, Xiao Die urged.


 "I know, I understood mother’s intentions when I first saw him. Sigh , she instructed me to come to Shang Liang mountain before she died, yet not telling me the reason. That is because she was not certain if he would acknowledge me as his daughter... Although he has accepted me, I do not feel good about it. This is all too sudden..."


 "Missy, no matter what, no matter where you go, I will stay by your side." Xiao Die stood before the table, grabbing Shang Xin Ci’s hand and encouraging.


 "Mm." Shang Xin Ci was moved and nodded, placing her palm on top of Xiao Die’s.


 "Of course, if Missy can stay here, that would be the best. You know, this is Shang clan! Oh god, glory and wealth are all within arm’s reach. Zhang clan can’t even hold a candle to Shang clan, Missy!" Xiao Die made a wry face as she said.


 "Oh you." Shang Xin Ci laughing speechlessly, feeling helpless against Xiao Die.


 Xiao Die snickered. As her laughter infected Shang Xin Ci, it resolved the remaining grudge in her heart.


 Shang Yan Fei walked out of the room, and his smile vanished completely.


 He wore a black robe and had blood colored hair; a handsome face with eyes shining with cold light, he habitually tightened his lips together, showing off his determined and decisive personality.


 He is Shang Yan Fei, this generation’s Shang clan leader!


 He was cruel and ruthless. For the clan leader position, he forced two brothers and a sister to commit suicide.


 He was resolute in killing, when he first got into power, a far away clan village thought that they were at a safe distance and attacked Shang clan’s caravan. He ignored all objections and expended much resources, to murder every single person in that village. He murdered all those who surrendered, and their skulls piled into a mountain, in front of those elders who first objected his decision to retaliate.


 He held an iron rule, since he got into power, he consolidated his political strength, and practised nepotism , suppressing his competition. Quickly adding over a dozen external clan elders, he used only three years to transform the entire Shang clan higher up into his personal voice.


 He had great vision, and talent for business. During his years in power, Shang clan’s caravan grew three times in size. Up to a hundred clans became Shang clan’s subordinates, and formed into a great hidden force.


 He appointed people based on merits, even for his own children. There was fifteen Shang clan young master positions originally, but after his rule, he reduced it to ten.


 What’s more rare, is his talent, having A grade aptitude, at the same time as he ruled the clan, his cultivation also rose as quickly, ahead of his peers, causing many to admire, hate and be jealous of him.


 This is Shang Yan Fei, the man standing on top of the southern border’s mortal realm.


 "This subordinate greets lord clan leader." A young female Gu Master bowed and paid respects.


 "Tian Lan, from today onwards, you will take care of Missy Ci Er to the best of your efforts." Shang Yan Fei said coldly.


 "This subordinate understands." The young girl nodded.


 "When you are near her, pay great attention, and find out some information. Missy Ci Er might not like to speak, but her servants speaks without thinking, she is your easiest break through point, I want you to find out how exactly did they manage to come to Shang Liang mountain."


 "Yes, this subordinates understands."


 "Mm, go now."


 "This subordinate takes her leave."


 Tian Lan was an orphan adopted by Shang Yan Fei, she was loyal and could be trusted to use. Her ability to perform was great too, in just three days, she completed her mission.


 "Hei Tu Bai Yun? Demonic Gu Masters..." Shang Yan Fei rubbed his chin: "If this is real, I have to thank the two of them well. But to prevent other possibilities, I have to investigate them more clearly."


 Thinking of this, Shang Yan Fei summoned Wei Yang: "Go find these two, one is called Hei Tu, the other Bai Yun, one male and one female, both demonic Gu Masters, their facial features are as such..."


 ............


 In third inner city.


 "It has already been three days, have those two stayed in Nan Qiu garden the entire time?"


 "Yes young master, from that day on, they stayed deep within. The most they did was to come out and buy some milk. This subordinate thinks those milk are for feeding the Gu worms."


 "Damn it..." Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, his gaze was like a dagger that wanted to cut those two people into pieces.


 The assessment was impending, among the ten young masters, he was at last place, if he does not get any business done, he would definitely be eliminated.


 Shang Yan Fei had many children, but there are only ten young master positions.


 Comparing ordinary children and young masters, their treatment were a world apart from each other. Young masters gathered attention, and could control one of Shang clan’s business, with unlimited glamor and fortune awaiting. Young clan leader was even more outstanding.


 But if it were just ordinary children, then their treatment was no different than other clansmen.


 Shang Ya Zi had already experienced the authority of a young master, asking him to go back to the ordinary lifestyle of the clansmen is akin to asking him to die!


 Thus, he needed that inheritance.


 Not just obtaining it, but also getting it at a low price.


 Only when the price is low, will his profit be high.


 But these two, Fang and Bai, were as stubborn as rocks, refusing to bow to him.


 If this was the fourth or fifth inner city, he could use some extreme methods, and force them to submit. But now that they stayed in third inner city, Shang Ya Zi would not even dare to think of using force here.


 "This cannot go on, they have time to waste, but I do not. It seems I have to go myself, hmph!"


 Shang Ya Zi could not take it anymore, bringing his subordinates and arriving at Nan Qiu garden.


 Nan Qiu garden was a residential area for esteemed guests to stay in.


 In third inner city, there was no inns, only these small-sized gardens.


 Staying here for a day requires thirty primeval stones, that is, three hundred for ten days, and nearly a thousand a month.


 Nan Qiu garden’s price was still cheap among third inner city estates. Some large-sized gardens require a hundred primeval stones a day. For some special grade gardens, you cannot stay with just primeval stones, you needed the Shang clan token.


 In Shang clan city, every acre of land is as valuable as gold, especially in third inner city where commodity prices are sky high.


 Shang Ya Zi brought his people over to visit, as Fang and Bai were playing chess beside the lotus pond.


 Shang Ya Zi snorted, saying in a taunting tone: "You two sure have great interests, why didn’t you go to other shops to ask these days?"


 "What’s there to ask. Those who want to buy, will find their way here, am I right?" Fang Yuan laughed lightly.


 "You!" Shang Ya Zi flew into a rage, Fang Yuan’s attitude was angering him.


 He gritted his teeth, forcefully suppressing his emotions, raising his head and saying arrogantly: "I’m looking at the fact that you have it tough, I’ll make it five hundred thousand, are you happy now?"


 "Five hundred thousand primeval stones? No deal. At least six hundred fifty." Fang Yuan glanced at Shang Ya Zi before turning back to the chessboard.


 Shang Ya Zi’s eyes squinted into a thin line as he took a few steps towards Fang Yuan and threatened: "You two demonic Gu Masters, how dare you pretend! I’ve checked up on your backgrounds, you snatched this inheritance from Bai clan right? I heard you even killed Bai clan’s two young masters? You had better take the chance now and sell it quickly. I’ll tell you, these few days, a Tie clan group has already reached Shang Liang mountain, and are looking for your traces. What do you think will happen if I expose your information to them?"


 "Oh? Go tell them then." Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 "You!" Shang Ya Zi pointed at Fang Yuan, unable to endure it anymore: "I’ll tell you, five hundred thousand is my greatest sincerity, other than selling it to me, what other choices do you have? None! This is my terrority, you had better understand your circumstances."


 At this time, a light descended from the sky, and turned into a Gu Master.


 This Gu Master looked around, before bowing slightly, saying towards Fang and Bai: "Sir Hei Tu and Lady Bai Yun, I am Wei Yang, as with clan leader’s orders, I am inviting both of you to the second inner city for a talk."


 "Wh- what? Father wants to meet these two personally?!" Shang Ya Zi felt lightning strike him as his eyes stared widely, expressing his utter fear.


 This is really bad!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Bad? Hehe...



***
Chapter 264: Absolutely terrible!


***





 Chapter 264: Absolutely terrible!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Ya Zi turned pale with fright.


 His action of suppressing the price was against the rules. He would receive severe punishment were it to be discovered.


 This was an organization.


 Once you were in a high position, you needed to comply with the rules. The rules of a system was to ensure the benefits of the higher ups; despite many of the organizations advertising they represented the benefits of the majority, it was, for the most part, just a joke.


 So the higher your position is, the more you needed to comply with the rules.


 On the contrary, there was more corruption in the low-mid level positions.


 After you reached a higher position, individual benefits had already become inseparably linked with the benefits of the organization; often, the benefits the organization received would represent your own benefits.


 Shang Ya Zi could only be said to be a temporary higher up, many paid attention to him as one of the young masters of Shang Clan, but his real authority came from his father; he was just like rootless weed.


 This also signified his punishment would be more harsh when he violated the rules because many people were watching him.


 "This is not possible, I have already carefully investigated before I came, I even spent a large amount of primeval stones to buy information on these two from Feng Yu Manor. These two are clearly demonic Gu Masters and are also listed as wanted, they are stray dogs, why would lord father invite them?"


 Shang Ya Zi felt this situation was incredibly unbelievable.


 It was like the case of a rich person making things difficult for two beggars, when suddenly an imperial edict comes declaring that the emperor wanted to see these two beggars!


 Shang Ya Zi was pressuring Fang Yuan because they were lone forces; oppressing them and finishing this affair in secrecy should have been absolutely safe and no one would know.


 Naturally, there was bound to be some risks but Shang Ya Zi could only take that risk to protect his position as a young master.


 "How could they have any relation to father when they don’t have any background? Damn it, has the world gone crazy? What do I do? If they disclose this matter, my young master position is finished! Should I kill them? No, this is just courting my own death. I don’t have any chance of doing anything in this third inner city, especially now that they have received father’s attention. The main thing is these two bastards, they are at rank three peak stage. How am I supposed to do anything in this situation?"


 In a split second, thoughts processed like lightning in Shang Ya Zi’s mind, trying to think of countermeasures.


 His eyes kept on moving about, and sweat was already starting to seep out of his forehead.


 He had played with fire this time!


 "Damn it, what do I do, what else is there?!" He was roaring with worry in his mind.


 "Shang clan leader wants to see us? What for?" Fang Yuan timely showed his doubt.


 Bai Ning Bing was even more puzzled.


 What is going on?


 She suspected this was Fang Yuan’s trick at first, and so glanced at Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan also showed a puzzled expression which baffled her.


 She couldn’t help but think: I have been with him all the time, he shouldn’t be able to conceal anything from me if he was up to something.


 Moreover, what kind of person was Shang clan leader, he was high and above, standing at the peak of the mortals. No matter how proud Bai Ning Bing was, even she acknowledged Shang Yan Fei’s authority and power.


 "Then why do I feel something amiss, as if I neglected something?"


 Wei Yang laughed: "Rest assured, if Shang clan wanted to harm you guys, why would we make it so complicated? This is a friendly invitation, lord clan leader is very interested in you two."


 "It is our honor to be able to receive the clan leader’s invitation. We will immediately go see him then." Fang Yuan threw the chess piece on his hand and stood up.


 Shang Ya Zi felt even more worried and promptly said: "Six hundred fifty thousand primeval stones, let’s complete the deal!"


 Fang Yuan glanced at him and smiled: "Sorry, I don’t intend to sell the secret recipe!"


 Shang Ya Zi’s face turned deathly pale, his mouth felt parched and his gaze towards Fang Yuan even contained some vague imploring: "I was anxious and behaved rudely, please don’t take it to heart, esteemed guests. The price can be discussed, we can properly discuss it after you are back!"


 Fang Yuan gave a shallow smile. He didn’t reply.


 Who would discuss with you? But temporarily stabilizing this man could prevent him from taking desperate actions and reduce some trouble.


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan nodded: "If young master is sincere, then I will look forward to it."


 Shang Ya Zi’s expression immediately relaxed and showed a grateful expression; it was like a person that was about to fall from a cliff suddenly found a tree to grab on to.


 "Okay, I will wait for you." He promptly said.


 "Esteemed guests, please." Wei Yang showed the way.


 "Lead the way."


 Following Wei Yang, Fang and Bai entered second inner city.


 Bai Ning Bing had been anticipating the extravagant second inner city, but when she reached there, she was astonished and disappointed.


 In the second inner city, buildings were made of stones and were very simple, even the fourth inner city was better than this.


 But her expression soon turned grave as she realized the reason.


 It is easy for the frugal to become extravagant, but very difficult for the extravagant to become frugal.


 Shang clan’s riches were as high as a mountain but they scrupulously abided by living in a simple way. This was not because they were miserly, but to maintain the vigor of the clan.


 Wei Yang led Fang and Bai to a private residence.


 "Esteemed guests, you can have some fruits while you wait. Lord clan leader has just recently come out of closed door cultivation and is handling some matters. He will come here soon. This is clan leader’s private residence, please stay here and don’t casually move outside. I will take my leave now."


 There was no one else in the house, Fang and Bai were left alone after Wei Yang’s departure.


 The two waited for a whole six hours but did not see even a shadow. Wei Yang said they could eat fruits, but where were the fruits? Not even tea could be found!


 During the first two hours, Fang Yuan calmly sat on a wide backed wooden chair.


 During the next two hours, he could no longer sit calmly and started mumbling to himself, revealing his impatience.


 By the sixth hour, he clearly revealed impatience and unease as he began to move to and fro in the house.


 "Hmph, what the hell is this Shang clan leader doing? He wants us to wait for him, but where is he? He is too arrogant." Fang Yuan’s tone was angry as he paced around.


 "Can you just sit down? My eyes are getting dizzy. Why not just cultivate peacefully?" Bai Ning Bing slightly frowned, this was not like Fang Yuan’s usual behavior.


 "There is something fishy here, do you think it was really Shang clan leader who invited us?" Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly knitted together.


 "How would I know? I was going to ask you that!" Bai Ning Bing rolled her eyes and puzzledly said, "Did you do something wrong and offended Shang clan?"


 Fang Yuan snorted: "You have been with me all the time and you still can’t understand me? There is no one in this private residence, I am not able to be at ease here. Let’s go out and take a look at the situation!"


 Bai Ning Bing thought for a little while and stood up: "Alright."


 Fang and Bai walked out of the house, the courtyard wasn’t big and there was also nothing strange.


 At the same time, in first inner city.


 Inside a study, colorful smoke curled up and rose in front of Shang Yan Fei, showing the real time view of Fang and Bai.


 "Wei Yang, what do you think of these two?" Shang Yan Fei asked his trusted aide.


 Wei Yang mumbled: "The way I see it, these two are indeed demonic Gu Masters. From the information we collected, they are young but have rank three peak stage cultivation, their innate talents should be extraordinary. Among those two, Hei Tu is rather frank and is kind of rash; Bai Yun seems to have deep thoughts and should be very shrewd. Hei Tu, Bai Yun... these names should be fake."


 "Mm, your analysis isn’t bad. In that case, you will be in charge of interacting with them for these few days. Test their abilities and closely follow them." Shang Yan Fei finished speaking and put away the colorful smoke.


 He was only worried about Shang Xin Ci and showed little interest towards Fang and Bai.


 The small test just now gave him a basic understanding towards the temperament of these two. And combining it with the intelligence he received, he more or less had a general impression.


 Not all demonic Gu Masters were demented people.


 These two guys could be considered decent, and maybe it was because they were young, he could clearly sense their lofty character.


 People who had principles were often lofty and unyielding.


 First impression was important, Shang Yan Fei honestly felt Fang and Bai were quite good. But he was a prudent person, anyone who could sit stably at a position like his were all prudent.


 He was waiting, waiting for the people he sent to investigate the truth to come back and confirm everything, then he could rest easy.


 "Alright, handle this properly, you can leave now." Shang Yan Fei waved his hands, then he took out the top document from the tall pile of documents in the study.


 He had only been in closed cultivation for half a month, and the work had piled up so much already.


 ...


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing made a round in the private residence, there really was no one else.


 The two were hesitating whether to go out to check the situation when Wei Yang appeared before them.


 "Two esteemed guests, lord clan leader is very busy with work and is not able to leave right now. We can only cancel this meeting." He looked like he was sincerely apologizing.


 "What? We come and leave according to your whims?" Fang Yuan was indignant.


 Bai Ning Bing was silent and expressionless.


 Wei Yang smiled: "You two are our esteemed guests, why would Shang clan chase away their esteemed guests? Lord clan leader especially had asked me to attend to you as an apology. I have already arranged for a banquet in Shi Tian restaurant, please give me the honor of hosting."


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing glanced at each other, then Fang Yuan said: "Just in time, we are also hungry, let’s go fill our stomachs first."


 Shi Tian restaurant was one of the best restaurants in Shang clan city and occupied a great amount of space in the third inner city. The decorations were elegant, and its dishes sumptuous. Its chefs were specialized Gu Masters who used special Gu worms to help in cooking delicacies that couldn’t be matched by ordinary methods.


 A typical meal here would last over four hours and more; there were over a hundred type of dishes, each with their own characteristics. Their top quality wine also left a rich aftertaste.


 Bai Ning Bing didn’t eat much and kept on worrying about Shang clan leader’s invitation. She tried to get answers from Wei Yang indirectly at the banquet, but Wei Yang was a cautious guy too and kept his mouth closed.


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan ate with gusto, with oil marks around his mouth. He also drank heavily and began to kick up a racket, his resentment and indignance from just before seemed to have completely disappeared.


 Wei Yang looked at Fang Yuan who was drinking directly from the wine jar and then looked at Bai Ning Bing who was only drinking water; he instantly felt Fang Yuan, this ugly guy, was much more adorable.


 After the banquet was over, Wei Yang dropped the two off at Nan Qiu garden.


 Wei Yang left his parting words: "Take a good rest tonight, I will come look for you tomorrow and take you sightseeing around the Shang clan city."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Our adorable MC is expanding his harem... in the opposite direction :) (I’m joking)



***
Chapter 265: Broadsword of Light vs Bone Spear


***





 Chapter 265: Broadsword of Light vs Bone Spear


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On the second day.


 As expected, Wei Yang came to Nan Qiu garden and brought Fang and Bai to tour Shang clan city.


 "Our Shang clan city is number one in the southern border in terms of size. Shang clan has operated here for thousands of years, transforming the entire Shang Liang mountain. Here, there are over ten thousand shops, and hundreds of thousands of people."


 "Both of you have not eaten yet, I’ll bring you to a famous breakfast shop, please follow me."


 Fang and Bai followed Wei Yang, along the stone pillar and descended.


 After three layers, they came to a shop, called Early Spring.


 Thousand layer agate cake, crab roe bun, golden field pancake, snow porridge...


 "Shang clan city, from inner to outer, has first, second, third, fourth, fifth and outer city. If they were classified even more clearly, there are many zones as well, food zone, gambling rocks zone, caretaking zone, red-light zone and others." Wei Yang introduced.


 ...


 "This is the culinary zone, with many restaurants mostly owned by Gu Master chefs. The delicacies are endless."


 ...


 "This is the caretaking zone, most Gu Masters have excessive Gu worms, so they place them here for caretaking. The price is determined by situations, but ordinarily, a rank one Gu costs eighty primeval stones a month.


 ...


 "This is the Gu fighting zone, this place is solely for Gu fights, Gu Masters cannot interfere, and can only control their Gu. If you two have appropriate Gu worms, you can give it a try."


 ...


 "This is the red-light zone, having the most number of brothels in the entire Shang clan city. Many Gu Masters come here to relax. You two have come here through the caravan, you must know the immense pressure during the journey. Here you can find women, men, and even Gu Masters. Are the two of you interested?"


 ...


 As Wei Yang brought them around, Bai Ning Bing gained much insight to this world.


 Shang clan city is bustling and flourishing, causing many to have lingering memories even after they leave.


 A day’s time is too short, while Shang clan city is too huge, even if the three used horse carriages to travel, they cannot even cover one percent of the entire city.


 On the third day, Wei Yang came over again to attend to Fang and Bai.


 "This is the substitute refinement zone. You are both Gu Masters, you naturally understand the difficulties in refining Gu. To us, what we fear most is encountering a strong-willed wild Gu worm during refinement, or a Gu that an expert had left behind. The higher the rank of the Gu, the harder it is to refine. Back in the day, Empress Wu Ji spent eleven years just to refine a rank five dragon strength Gu. Thus, substitute refinement is a necessity, and has always been in the market."


 ...


 "This is the auction zone, every day there will be a small scale auction held here, every two weeks there will be a mid scale auction, and at the end of every month, there will be a large scale auction. Most items that appear on the auction are rare and coveted."


 ...


 "This is the battle zone, with over eighty battle stages. This place is always the most popular! There are single battle stages, for Gu Masters to experiment and practise using their Gu worms. There are dual battle stages for Gu Masters to exchange pointers, and even multi-battle stages, to experience multiple enemies at once."


 Just as Wei Yang had said, the battle stages were the most popular place in Shang clan city.


 The place was chaotic and noisy, as human traffic stayed high, rank three Gu Masters could be seen everywhere.


 "Big brother Wei, why are you here?" From among the crowd, a young man saw Wei Yang and immediately called out, walking briskly towards him.


 This man was about twenty seven or eight years old, having a common face but gave off a strong aura.


 "Little Xiao, I heard you fought your way into third inner city. Good job!" Wei Yang patted the young man’s shoulders, encouraging.


 "Yes, I recently advanced to rank three middle stage, and my fighting strength improved as well. Come to think of it, I have to thank you for all your guidance, or I would have never made it this far." The young man earnestly thanked.


 "You have good talent lad, you could do it even without me, You are not thirty yet, but you have already reached rank three middle stage, that is much more impressive than me back then, haha." Wei Yang laughed and said.


 The young man gave Wei Yang an admiring gaze: "Big brother Wei Yang, how can I compare to you. You were only rank three middle stage back then, and already dominated the third inner city. At twenty five, you got the attention of the lord clan leader and was recruited. Now, you are already a clan elder, just look at Shang clan, how many external clan elders are there in total?"


 "As long as you work hard, you can do it too." Wei Yang encouraged the young man.


 Soon after, he turned around, and explained to Fang and Bai: "The battle zone is one of the ways Shang clan recruit outside talents. Back then, I fought my way from the fifth inner city’s battle zone all the way to third inner city, and stayed on the stage for eighteen consecutive rounds before being recruited by lord clan leader."


 Back then, Shang Yan Fei was still not the clan leader.


 After becoming his trusted aide, Wei Yang was also successfully promoted to an external clan elder after Shang Yan Fei got into power.


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly realized.


 No wonder the battle zone was so popular.


 Shang clan’s enterprise was huge, and they needed manpower in many areas. Just relying on their clansmen would be difficult to handle the entire situation. The many generations of Shang clan young masters would definitely recruit a number of demonic Gu Masters for their own use.


 If the young master that supported these demonic Gu Masters became the clan leader, then the demonic Gu Masters under them would likely become an external clan elder, enjoying the treatment of a clan elder.


 Gu Master’s cultivation required lots of resources. Many demonic Gu Masters did not have a stable source of resources from their clans, and were often poor. Only by relying on a clan could they better survive.


 Wei Yang was a successful example.


 In Shang clan city’s battle zone, there are large numbers of demonic Gu Masters. In order to join the Shang clan, and become part of the righteous path, to become someone like Wei Yang, they had to compete as they fought their way up to the top.


 "Battle stage, this place is filled with memories, guests, would you like to have a spar with me?" Wei Yang suddenly suggested.


 "Big brother Wei is going on the stage?" Little Xiao suddenly became excited, his eyes gleaming.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other.


 "Alright, then let me experience it." Fang Yuan had expected Shang clan to probe into this, thus he went with the flow.


 "Big brother Wei, you don’t come here often, this place has been remodelled many times, let me lead the way." Little Xiao volunteered.


 Wei Yang nodded: "Okay."


 Little Xiao asked: "Brother Wei, what field do you want, forest, mountain, wilderness, or desert, lake?"


 Wei Yang turned around, asking for Fang and Bai’s opinion: "Let our two esteemed guests choose."


 Some Gu Masters specialized in mountain battles, some specialized in desert battles, the battle environment was an important element in affecting battle results.


 "We can choose different stages here? What fields do you have?" Bai Ning Bing asked curiously.


 Little Xiao heard Wei Yang address Fang and Bai as esteemed guests, and did not dare to drag on, quickly explaining to them.


 The battle stages in the third inner city had around tens of different environments, almost encompassing all kinds of terrain that one could possible be in.


 After hearing so, Bai Ning Bing could not help but have an urge to try: "Then let’s choose the flagstone stage."


 Flagstone stage, the most common battle stage, without any wind, snow, rain or sand as natural elements.


 The specialized black flagstone, covered over a hundred meters of land.


 "Quickly look, it seems to be elder Wei Yang."


 "It is elder Wei Yang, that’s him."


 "Although he has B grade aptitude, he was a successful story that left the battle stage, back then, I even competed with him."


 ...


 Wei Yang seemed to be popular as his appearance on the battle stage attracted many people’s attention.


 But Wei Yang kept a low profile, using his clan elder authority to seal this battle stage, preventing outsiders from watching.


 Only Little Xiao was left.


 Wei Yang walked to the center of the stage: "According to normal rules, both sides of the competitors have to announce their cultivation, before assessing it fairly. But since we are just having a casual spar, we shall skip that. Please, have the first move."


 What he meant was he wanted to challenge both Fang and Bai single handedly.


 Little Xiao stood outside the stage, gripping his fist in excitement: "Big brother Wei won as the weaker side back then, using his rank three middle stage cultivation to dominate the stage, and guarding eighteen rounds of battle. Almost every fight was a classic, now that he is rank three peak stage, I have to observe this battle carefully!"


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gave each other a look, before suddenly attacking, moving towards Wei Yang from the left and right respectively.


 "Going for close combat?" Wei Yang stood at the center, not moving as his body glowed in a golden light, forming a battle armor, protecting his entire body.


 Pew pew pew


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing activated their spiral bone spear Gu as they charged towards Wei Yang.


 Multiple bone spears spun as they penetrated the air, shooting towards Wei Yang.


 "What Gu is this?" Wei Yang was confused in his mind, this was the first time he saw the bone spear Gu.


 He did not dodge, intending to test out the power of the spiral bone spear Gu, and took three hits.


 The light golden armor flickered, but managed to endure the hits.


 "This Gu is not bad, having a spiral force and is good at penetrating defenses." Wei Yang did not fluster, utilizing his primeval essence and causing the light armor to regain its toughness.


 "My turn!" He lightly shouted, grabbing the air with both hands, as two broadswords of light formed from this air, shining brilliantly.


 "It appeared, big brother Wei’s broadsword light Gu!" Little Xiao saw this, and spoke out in excitement.


 Wei Yang grabbed the two broadswords, sweeping his gaze and choosing to charge at Fang Yuan.


 "Broadsword light Gu and sword shadow Gu are known as the strongest attacking Gu among the rank three Gu worms..." Seeing Wei Yang approaching, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a sharp flash.


 Even though the broadsword light Gu was strong, he was not afraid.


 Jumping grass.


 Two spring-like grass appeared on his feet, as he stepped on the ground and after gathering energy, Fang Yuan’s speed increased drastically.


 Canopy Gu, flying bone shield.


 Fang Yuan’s body shone with a white armor, and three white bone shields surrounded his body, circling continuously around his front, left, back and right.


 "Good timing." Wei Yang shouted, as he rushed to Fang Yuan, slamming both of his broadswords from above, intending to strike.


 Fang Yuan did not dodge or avoid, raising his right fist and smashing right at it.


 Wei Yang’s eyes shone with surprise, not expecting Fang Yuan to fight so bravely.


 Two broadswords of light slammed down, as the white bone shields automatically blocked it.


 The broadswords cut the white bone shields into halves, before landing on the white armor of the canopy Gu, giving off a strong white light.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan’s fist his Wei Yang’s stomach.


 Although he did not break the light golden armor, the huge force sent Wei Yang flying.


 Bai Ning Bing rushed up at the crucial moment, waving her hand as multiple spiral bone spear Gu shot towards Wei Yang.


 The attack was ruthless and decisive, with the intention of sending Wei Yang to his grave.


 "Ah, danger!" Seeing this, Little Xiao screamed out.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Here, there’s a choice between sabre/saber, broadsword, and chinese dao. For those curious, just google chinese broadsword, it’s that kind of sword. If you know a perfect translation for it, do let me know in the comments. Thanks.



***
Chapter 266: My name is Fang Zheng


***





 Chapter 266: My name is Fang Zheng


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Wei Yang was sent flying by Fang Yuan’s fist, and before he stabilized himself, spiral bone spears came flying from above.


 The spiral bone spears penetrated the air, shooting like lightning with a crisp sound.


 At such a distance, Wei Yang could even see the spiral carvings on the bone spear tip.


 "These spiral bone spear Gu, although strong and are able to penetrate defenses, are only rank two Gu worms, there is no threat in them." At that instant, Wei Yang’s thoughts moved like lightning.


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes were cold as ice, Wei Yang challenging both of them at the same time triggered the arrogance in her heart.


 "Spiral bone spear can only restrict him, I don’t have enough Gu, if I want to finish him, i’ll need to use my fists and legs!"


 She was a genius.


 When Fang Yuan sent Wei Yang flying, although it was just one hit, it showed Bai Ning Bing his weakness.


 Wei Yang had never received a permanent strength boost from any Gu worms, he only had the strength of a normal human.


 This was a major weakness that could be exploited.


 Bai Ning Bing took many steps ahead, following after the bone spears and raising her leg to kick harshly.


 "Brother Wei..." Little Xiao who was watching the match saw this scene and started to worry.


 If Wei Yang’s movements were restricted by the bone spears, it would give Bai Ning Bing a chance to strike. At the same time, if Fang Yuan cornered him, Wei Yang would be in a disadvantage!


 "Hehehe." At the final moment, Wei Yang laughed.


 As the spiral bone spear was about to hit him, suddenly, his body shone in a white light, and he turned into a flash and vanished.


 "He had this Gu indeed..." Fang Yuan squinted.


 "What quick speed!" Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk, feeling astonished.


 At the next second, the spiral bone spears pierced through the flagstone, stabbing into the ground.


 Bai Ning Bing could not stop her momentum, with a ’bang’, her leg crushed the flagstone. The spider web-like cracks enveloped the ground.


 "Big brother Wei’s rainbow light Gu! I thought he might not use it in time, but to think he was waiting for that moment to escape, causing his enemies to hit nothing. Superb, this is a strong blow against the enemy’s psychology." Little Xiao could tell the intentions of his actions.


 Seeing that they were about to gravely injure their enemy, an escape at the last moment would turn hope into disappointment, anyone would experience this change of emotion.


 Rainbow light tore through the air, as the light dispersed, Wei Yang’s body appeared again.


 In the blink of an eye, he flew over fifty meters, more than half the battle stage, pulling great distance from Fang and Bai.


 Seeing such speed, Bai Ning Bing’s footsteps came to a halt.


 With the rainbow light Gu, Wei Yang could come and go as he pleases, fighting whenever he wants to, at this point, it was impossible for him to lose.


 Rainbow light Gu was a rank three Gu, capable of allowing a Gu Master to turn into light and escape, it was the fastest among the rank three movement Gu!


 In contrast, Fang Yuan only had the jumping grass, while the other had no movement Gu. With Wei Yang’s speed, they had no chance of hitting him.


 In terms of movement, the rainbow light Gu gave Wei Yang a huge advantage, once this Gu was used, Fang and Bai could work together but still fall into a passive state.


 "Guests, this is the rainbow light Gu, although it is rank three, its speed far surpasses many rank four Gu. The speed is so fast even the Gu Master cannot react in time, that is the first weakness. To use it, one has to use the lightning thoughts Gu or a flash of inspiration Gu, or others. Otherwise, by the time the Gu Master reacts, they would’ve flown too far and even crashed into a wall."


 Wei Yang spoke, admitting the flaws of the rainbow light Gu.


 "Its second weakness, is that it expends too much primeval essence. Among rank three Gu, this expenditure is already middle-high tier consumption. There is a third weakness, but I shall not mention it, you can guess for yourselves."


 "Is that the fact that you cannot use a strength Gu to raise your physical strength?" Bai Ning Bing immediately answered.


 This time, it was Wei Yang’s turn to express shock.


 He gave a look of amazement: "Miss Bai Yun really has great cognitive abilities, indeed, if a Gu Master uses a Gu worm to alter their body, and increase their strength, it will be difficult to utilize the rainbow light Gu. Their primeval essence expenditure will increase drastically, or worse, the light transformation might fail and the rainbow light Gu would be destroyed."


 But to think, after Bai Ning Bing heard his praise, her expression turned cold as her gaze was like ice, staring at Wei Yang with killing intent: "Hey, let me warn you, do not call me Miss!"


 "Eh?" Wei Yang’s expression froze: What did I say wrong? Is it wrong to use the word ’Miss’? What a strange taboo.


 Wei Yang thought in his heart, as he apologised: "I’m sorry for the offense, Lady Bai Yun..."


 Veins popped on Bai Ning Bing’s forehead, as she gritted her teeth: "Do not use that either!"


 "Oh, then... Sir Bai Yun?" Wei Yang observed her expression as he carefully chose his vocabulary.


 Bai Ning Bing’s face finally returned to normal.


 Wei Yang’s lips curled into a smile, continuing: "Then two sirs, it is my turn to attack."


 "Give me all you’ve got!" Fang Yuan patted his chest, screaming and scaring Bai Ning Bing who was right beside him.


 "Sir Hei Tu is truly brave and admirable, then take my hit." Wei Yang praised, as he spoke, he turned into a white light and crashed towards Fang and Bai.


 Facing such speed, Fang and Bai could not even blink before this rainbow went through the gap between them and arrived behind them.


 The white light dispersed, and turned back into Wei Yang.


 He held two broadswords, and slashed them towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing respectively.


 Before this broadsword hit, Bai Ning Bing felt her skin tighten. She immediately knew that the ice muscles’ protection could not endure this blade, and she quickly retreated.


 Fang Yuan growled lightly, not dodging but activating the canopy Gu and flying bone shield Gu, sending his fist over.


 The light broadsword first split the white bone shield into half.


 Wei Yang turned into light and fled again.


 Seeing his fist about to land on Wei Yang’s chest, Fang Yuan was just an inch away before missing entirely.


 The rainbow light flew away, and stopped far away.


 The entire exchange of blows was done at lightning speed.


 In less than a few seconds, Wei Yang had moved from a side of the battle stage to another, over a hundred meters long.


 "Again!" Fang Yuan howled, battle intent burning in his eyes.


 Wei Yang turned into light again, appearing before Fang and Bai in an instant.


 Bai Ning Bing could not endure it head-on, she could only use the spiral bone spear but Wei Yang’s speed was too fast, causing her bone spears to hit air.


 Fang Yuan could only endure the hits passively, other than the first time, his fist never hit Wei Yang again.


 At once, light flashed across the battle stage continuously, like a bouncing ball trapped in a box. Meanwhile, Fang and Bai could barely take the hits, having completely lost their momentum.


 "Is this big brother Wei’s true power? Too impressive..." Little Xiao observed the chaotic sight before him.


 Wei Yang’s speed was terrific, like a specter moving in the shadows.


 After a few more minutes, he stopped his movements: "If both guests want to compete in terms of expenditure, and are trying to exploit the weakness of my rainbow light Gu which consumes massive amounts of primeval essence, I am afraid you are going to be disappointed. I have a light source Gu in my hand, it is an assistance type Gu whose only use is to allow a Gu Master’s primeval essence expenditure to be halved when using a light type Gu."


 "Damn it..." Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth in anger.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand about: "No more, I can’t win. Brother Wei, we concede."


 Wei Yang laughed heartily, cupping his fists: "It has been an honor."


 Little Xiao seeing the battle ended, immediately came over, with excitement still lingering on his face: "Big brother Wei is truly impressive, but both sirs managing to endure so long is equally impressive. You may not know, but brother Wei has superior battle skills even though he is rank three peak stage. He is Lord Shang Yan Fei’s third general, called the White Light Swordsman. If it was me, I would not even be able to exchange twenty blows with him."


 "A loss is a loss, there is no big deal. Wei Yang, after I get my hands on suitable Gu worms, i will challenge you once again." Bai Ning Bing’s expression was icy cold, from young, the arrogant her had never lost so badly, her mood was obviously terrible.


 Little Xiao seeing Bai Ning Bing address Wei Yang by his name, showed displeasure on his face.


 Fang Yuan stood at the side: "Brother Wei Yang held back already, I can feel it. Heh, after I buy some useful Gu, I will spar with you again. Although I lost this time, I am still indignant! Next time, please use your full strength, do not worry about the consequences."


 "Hahaha, brother Hei Tu speaks his mind. It is my fault this time, next time I will definitely use my full ability." Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 "That’s the way. Brother Wei Yang, I accept my loss completely, let me treat you to some wine. Brother Xiao, you can come along too, and tell me about brother Wei’s heroic tales. I can only beat him after learning all about him right." Fang Yuan laughed.


 Little Xiao felt that this person, although ugly and lacked a ear, was very pleasant to look at.


 Compared to that freak "Bai Yun’, his temper was way better.


 "Alright!" Little Xiao laughed: "Fighting made us closer, I know a restaurant, newly opened, cheap, and also serves good food. We cannot make our guests pay, let me treat tonight, I hope big brother Wei can come too!"


 Fang Yuan stared: "How can we do that?"


 "Little Xiao is a local, while you two are guests, let him treat." Wei Yang came in to advice.


 Fang Yuan thought about it: "Okay, this time you will treat, but let me do it next time! I don’t have money with me anyway, after I sell my recipe and get money, I will treat you two to a good meal. To speak the truth, after coming here, I have been shocked by the commodity prices."


 His words were a little cheeky, and also admitted that he was poor, causing Wei Yang and Little Xiao to laugh, thinking that Fang Yuan was a clear and upright man.


 Only Bai Ning Bing knew Fang Yuan’s acting skills, seeing this, she was used to it already.


 In the room, the three drank wine and spoke, announcing their names, pulling their relationships closer together.


 Only Bai Ning Bing drank water, being alone and enjoying her peace.


 Little Xiao was called Xiao Yan, twenty seven years old, specializing in fire type Gu worms. Recently his cultivation rose by a small realm, to rank three middle stage, thus finally breaking through the fourth inner city’s battle zone and reaching third inner city.


 "Hei Tu Bai Yun are just fake names, my real name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, she is Bai Ning Bing." Fang Yuan pretended to be drunk and exposed some information.


 They had the Bai clan arrest warrant, as long as Shang clan investigated, the matter could not be kept secret. Fang Yuan gave it away on purpose, to give off the impression of having a clear conscience.


 Xiao Yan was a little moved.


 He and Wei Yang were demonic Gu Masters, Fang Yuan telling them his "real name" , was an act of "true friendship".


 "Surname Gu Yue..." Light flashed across Wei Yang’s eyes, this was an important information. It seems that the mission given by the clan leader has been successfully completed.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Or has it?



***
Chapter 267: Greatly underestimated Fang Yuan’s shamelessness


***





 Chapter 267: Greatly underestimated Fang Yuan’s shamelessness


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng?" Listening to Wei Yang’s report, Shang Yan Fei frowned slightly.


 Gu Yue was a distinct surname, Shang Yan Fei searched through his memories and soon found it.


 "Gu Yue Clan, one of the three clans of Qing Mao mountain, having hundreds of years of history. Qing Mao mountain..." Shang Yan Fei’s gaze brightened as he recalled an intel he got over half a year ago.


 Qing Mao mountain was mysteriously attacked and within a night, changed from a green and lively mountain to a deadly domain of ice and snow.


 Even till now, the ice and snow on Qing Mao mountain had yet to completely melt. No one knew what happened at Qing Mao mountain, but from all kinds of traces found there, people knew there had been a huge battle between Gu Masters.


 Now, Qing Mao mountain’s destruction was classified as a mysterious event and was already spread all over the southern border. As to what caused this, opinions differed from people to people.


 However, to certain people, the traces left on Qing Mao mountain made it obvious. The secret of the ten extreme physiques was more or less known to the higher ups of the Gu Master world.


 The moment he got this intel, Shang Yan Fei had also immediately guessed this was brought upon by one of the ten extreme physiques, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.


 "If that is the case, Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s origins can be explained. The group sent to investigate the incident on Mu Bei mountain also sent a letter saying there was no suspicious point."


 Shang Yan Fei drew up an approximate outline of the whole affairs in his mind.


 "Now, there is only one doubt remaining. Why did they conceal their identities and hide in the caravan?"


 Shang Yan Fei already had many conjectures, but it still needed to be investigated.


 "Right, you sparred with them, how were their skills?" Shang Yan Fei asked.


 Wei Yang’s expression was solemn as he respectfully reported: "Geniuses! Given time, these two will definitely surpass me."


 "Oh, you have such a high opinion of them?" Shang Yan Fei was slightly amazed.


 We Yang nodded and continued: "They might be concealing their cultivation with some Gu worms, but being able to last so long in battle, they should at least be rank three. Considering their young age, these two should both have A grade aptitude."


 Shang Yan Fei smiled: "But Wei Yang, A grade aptitude only represents talent and not everything. You, yourself, are the best proof of this. You have only B grade aptitude but have become one of my external elders. Furthermore, how many A grade talents have died in your hands over these years?"


 In ordinary clans, A grade aptitude was an extraordinary matter.


 However, to Shang Clan, they were rather common.


 One reason was because it was a large clan and there were many clansmen. Another was because they recruited demonic Gu Masters, those demonic Gu Masters who distinguished themselves in battle arena definitely had extraordinary aptitudes. And the third reason was because Shang Clan’s riches were as high as a mountain, they had the ability to purchase aptitude changing Gu worms.


 "You praise me too much, lord clan leader." Wei Yang modestly said and continued, "I also understand this logic, thus I am even more sure these two are extraordinary."


 "They have rich combat talents and have a sort of innate sense towards the battle situation, as if they were born to fight. They also did not have a complete set of Gu worms, but they were able to last for so long just with two to three Gu, it truly was amazing."


 "As to their disposition, they were tough and were not discouraged when disadvantaged. When I exerted pressure on them, they were able to make a breakthrough and constantly adjust themselves, they also have tacit and great teamwork. As the battle continued, they were able to hold their ground even more stably, their improvement was extremely clear."


 "Individually, the two have some differences. Gu Yue Fang Zheng is straightforward, charging forward with incomparable bravery and has a lofty disposition. As for that Bai Ning Bing, she is quick-witted with a sharp gaze and only moves when she is sure of it, she had been constantly trying to find my weakness during the battle. In particular, Gu Yue Fang Zheng admitted his loss calmly when I said I possessed a light source Gu, he is broad-minded and absolutely has a larger heart than any ordinary man."


 "Lord clan leader, these two; one is a young tiger of the lands while the other is a dragon whelp of the seas . One Yang and one Yin, one domineering and another scheming; a perfect combination, the brilliance of twin stars, each enhancing the other’s strength. If we can recruit them, it will be a huge asset to Shang Clan!"


 Shang Yan Fei was moved.


 Before, he did not put Fang and Bai in his eyes, now his interest was greatly aroused as he listened to Wei Yang.


 "Wei Yang, you have followed me for many years, I trust in your foresight. But there is no need to undervalue yourself, they might not necessarily be able to top you even after they grow up. You are hindered by lacking aptitude, otherwise with your talent, you would be even more outstanding than now. There is no need to worry, if a reform Gu appear, I will definitely help you get it."


 Reform Gu could raise a Gu Master’s aptitude; it was extremely rare and expensive.


 Wei Yang’s eyes turned red with emotions: "I won’t forget this kindness for as long as I live!"


 "I, Shang Yan Fei, will never treat my loyal followers unfairly. Leave now, continue attending to them for a few days and see what they think about Shang Clan and whether we can recruit them or not."


 "Yes, clan leader!"


 ...


 In a blink of an eye, three days passed.


 Nan Qiu garden.


 In the lounge, Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi was sitting opposite each other.


 Fang Yuan leisurely tasted the tea while Shang Ya Zi’s expression looked rather unsightly.


 "These few days, I have been sincerely coming to look for sir, but you have been raising your price again and again. First it was six hundred and fifty thousand, but you have raised it by tens of thousand every day and now sir actually wants eight hundred thousand! Is sir possibly playing with me to pass time?" Shang Ya Zi was feeling stifled and talked with clenched teeth.


 If it was before, he would have already burst out in anger and smashed the tea cup on Fang Yuan’s face.


 But now, he could not do that.


 Why?


 Because this guy could directly complain to the clan leader!


 I still don’t know what relation they have with lord father! These days, Wei Yang has been accompanying them around the city. What kind of person was Wei Yang? He is known as the third general and is lord father’s trusted aide! His actions don’t usually represent himself, but rather lord father’s will! But why is lord father giving such deferential treatment to these two guys that appeared out of nowhere?


 Shang Ya Zi was bothered and bewildered.


 Since that day, he had been crazily investigating the two.


 But it was in vain.


 He was merely a young master, his authority was limited to Shang clan city. He was far from having the huge capability of Shang Yan Fei.


 The investigations bore no fruits, so he was forced to make guesses.


 Why is lord father expressing his goodwill? Is it because of the inheritance in their hands? No, an inheritance might interest an ordinary clan, but not ours. Unless it is the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, it would just be icing on the cake.


 Or is it because they were talents? No way, there are so many loyal demonic Gu Masters in the battle stage, they would die to join Shang clan, and are extremely skilled in fighting. If father is not interested in those people, why would he want these two?


 No matter how he thought about it, Shang Ya Zi could not think of an answer.


 When these two guesses were rejected, a thought emerged in Shang Ya Zi’s mind.


 Are these two father’s illegitimate child? Isn’t Shang Tuo Hai, the current young clan leader, father’s illegitimate child?


 Shang Ya Zi pondered it again and felt that it couldn’t be.


 The implication of being father’s bloodline is too great; when Shang Tuo Hai was discovered, he was firmly protected and safeguarded, unlike the these two.


 Shang Ya Zi kept on agonizing over this but could not make progress.


 And it was because of this, he was even more afraid of Fang and Bai. The most terrifying things were often the unknown.


 Fang Yuan could tell this young master Shang Ya Zi was becoming more and more restless and impatient over these few days.


 This was what he wanted to see.


 This was also one of the reasons he was intentionally raising the prices every day.


 If he directly raised six hundred and fifty thousand to eight hundred thousand, the negotiations would definitely collapse. But by raising the price by tens of thousands time and again, it would instead wear down Shang Ya Zi’s resistance in his firm resolute heart.


 The time was ripe.


 Fang Yuan placed the teacup down and smiled: "Everything has their worth. This might only be a Gu Master’s inheritance to others, but to you, esteemed young master, it is the final hope to protect your young master status."


 "As such, the price should be a little higher, and as the evaluation date draws closer, the price for this inheritance will naturally keep on getting higher. Thus, I have been increasing the price every other day, isn’t this something natural?"


 "Hehe, if the price is lowered, how could it be worthy of your final hope? How could it be worthy of such an important position as Shang Clan’s young master? After all, only Shang Clan young masters can compete for young clan leader’s position."


 Shang Ya Zi’s eyes shook with anger.


 This was blatant blackmailing, this guy was raising the price as he pleased!


 How could he be so shameless?


 Shang Ya Zi wished he could chop Fang Yuan into pieces. But he thought of the position of young master and was able to barely restrain himself: "You are really scheming. If I spend eight hundred thousand, it will be a complete loss and will instead lower my evaluation. Those elders in charge of evaluation are not stupid! Thus, I simply can’t buy it at this price."


 Fang Yuan had already expected this answer; the corner of his lips slightly curled up into a smile: "Therefore, I have a good solution. I will be openly selling it to you in six hundred and fifty thousand, but you will actually be giving me eight hundred thousand. You will maintain your young master’s position and I will be getting a reasonable price, it is a complete win-win situation."


 Shang Ya Zi’s expression immediately changed and stared at Fang Yuan with wide eyes:"You want me to make a false account? This is impossible! If I am found out, no matter when, my young master’s status will be revoked and moreover, I will receive a severe punishment."


 Fang Yuan gave a frivolous look: "You can’t say that. Who said anything about false account? I am only selling the secret recipe to you, and you feeling that I am an upright man, kindly gave me some primeval stones as a gift. There is simply no relation between the two!"


 At that instance, Shang Ya Zi could only look at Fang Yuan, stupefied and speechless.


 He had previously thought Fang Yuan was shameless, but now saw that he had greatly underestimated this guy’s shamelessness!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 He is so righteous and inspirational that you are giving him primeval stones as a gift. No issues there.



***
Chapter 268: Sudden wealth


***





 Chapter 268: Sudden wealth


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Ya Zi left worriedly.


 Before he left, he told Fang Yuan, that this matter was important and he needed more time to consider it.


 But, the fact that he was considering it meant that success was near.


 Fang Yuan had seen through this person, knowing that the matter is as good as decided. In fact, he could even raise the prices again when the time comes.


 Right now, he was hesitant, so Fang Yuan could not use prices to agitate him.


 Once he is determined, hehe, then the prices will soar again, that is simply too easy.


 Two days later, Shang Ya Zi carried a haggard expression as he visited Fang Yuan again.


 "I agree, let’s deal according to what you have requested!" He gritted his teeth, after showing a hesitant expression for a long time, he finally relented.


 "Trust me, you will definitely remember this decision! Come, drink." Fang Yuan smiled lightly, pouring a glass of wine for Shang Ya Zi.


 Shang Ya Zi raised his cup, drinking the wine in one mouthful.


 "What sort of shitty wine is this!" After drinking it, he frowned and scolded.


 "This is the cheapest rice wine. Lord young master, I have no money to purchase good wine." Fang Yuan laughed lightly.


 "You will have it soon enough. Puff ..." Shang Ya Zi breathed out heavily.


 He had first thought about it, and as he concentrated on making a decision, it was a painful process. But now that he has decided, he felt relaxed.


 "Alright, I have prepared the agreement, take a look." Fang Yuan brought over a proposal.


 Shang Ya Zi glanced at it, and stared in anger, his eyes wide with rage as he slammed the table and screamed: "Nine hundred and fifty thousand? You raised the prices again! Last time, you said eight hundred thousand, but it has only been a few days and you raised it by a hundred and fifty thousand?! Do you think I’m made of gold? Scoundrel! You think my primeval stones fall from the sky?!"


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he said calmly: "It has already been three days, of course the prices increased, you know it yourself."


 Shang Ya Zi’s forehead was popping with veins, as he jumped from his seat: "Do you think I am easy to bully? I do not have so much money! This tiny little inheritance, you want nine hundred and fifty? You are like a lion opening its huge mouth 1 !"


 "Calm down, anger will harm your health, lord young master, this is not a tiny inheritance, it concerns your young master position. Think about it, every year, one young master will be eliminated. How many people are craving for this spot?" Fang Yuan said casually.


 Once he heard the young master position, the furious Shang Ya Zi lost his rage.


 Fang Yuan looked at his expression, knowing that nine hundred and fifty was over his limit, and relented: "Alright, alright, then how about nine hundred thousand primeval stones. I concede to you."


 Shang Ya Zi slowly sat down.


 He had only gotten into the young master position for a year, and had to deal with the evaluations, the actual amount of primeval stones he managed to pocket was only around four hundred thousand.


 No doubt, after this transaction, his one year of savings will be depleted. The assets that he had managed to save would be gone.


 But concerning the young master position, he had to relent.


 He was solemn for a moment, before nodding: "Then nine hundred thousand it is, but I do not trust a paper agreement, we need to swear, let’s use the poison vow Gu!"


 Fang Yuan showed hesitation.


 "Why, are you afraid? How would I know if you would not run away if we do not use the poison vow Gu? We have to do this, there is no way I’m giving in on this!" Shang Ya Zi’s attitude was firm.


 Fang Yuan had expected this to happen anyway.


 "In that case, let me do it first." Fang Yuan stretched out his left hand.


 Only then did Shang Ya Zi let out a smile, calling out the poison vow Gu.


 Poison vow Gu is a purple red worm, only finger size and has a dangerous looking mouth; it was a rank three consumable Gu.


 It flew to Fang Yuan’s left index finger, and bit on it.


 At once, a heart burning pain assaulted Fang Yuan’s nerves.


 Fang Yuan endured the pain as he started to read the details on the proposal. After he finished, the poison vow Gu nearly doubled in size, as it absorbed Fang Yuan’s heart blood.


 Soon after, the poison vow Gu flew to Shang Ya Zi’s finger and started to suck blood.


 Shang Ya Zi gripped the paper, and used a trembling voice to read the details, and the poison vow Gu doubled in size again.


 His face turned pale from pain, as he clenched his teeth and drew in a deep breath: "This goddamn agreement, why is it so lengthy! Can’t you write less words? Is there anything to add?"


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Shang Ya Zi’s lips curled, revealing a smile. But his face was twisted, and his smile was a little hideous.


 Bam.


 The poison vow Gu stuffed with blood, suddenly exploded.


 But no blood splattered but instead turned into numerous red light spots.


 The light spots flew towards Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi, like rain falling into a pond, and fused into their bodies.


 This shows that the poison vow Gu has taken effect.


 If both sides read the details and it did not fulfill their true inner intentions, after the poison vow Gu explodes, it would turn into a puddle of stale blood. This situation, means that one side or both had violated the vow, causing it to fail.


 Seeing this, Shang Ya Zi’s smile became even deeper.


 He looked at Fang Yuan: "Hehe, we have vowed already, if you change your mind in the future, or violate the agreement, you will turn into a puddle of blood and die."


 Fang Yuan’s expression remained the same, only saying: "Where are my primeval stones?"


 Shang Ya Zi shrugged: "Don’t worry, why would I violate the agreement, here!"


 He tossed out a Gu.


 This Gu was like a ball, as exquisite as a crystal, half transparent and palm-sized. There was a cloudy figure in the ball, as if it has sealed numerous clouds.


 This white cloud figure looked like a hunchback old man carrying a walking stick.


 The old man had long white hair, having an immortal feeling as the wrinkles on his face looked extremely realistic, and he was smiling sincerely.


 This is the primeval elder Gu.


 A Gu specifically used to store primeval stones.


 As the saying goes, professionals have their domain of expertise , the primeval elder Gu is only a rank three, but it can seal up to a million primeval stones.


 "There is eight hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones here, the remaining thirty thousand, I will pass them to you when I finish gathering them." Shang Ya Zi passed the primeval elder Gu to Fang Yuan with much reluctance.


 Inside, six hundred thousand was the trade credit of Shang clan, the remaining two hundred and seventy was Shang Ya Zi’s personal savings.


 After Fang Yuan received it, he cooperated with Fang Yuan in refining it.


 Primeval elder Gu changed owners, and change occurred within the clouds, the old man was originally looking at Shang Ya Zi, but now he started to smile towards Fang Yuan instead.


 Fang Yuan moved the primeval elder Gu around, but no matter which direction he moved, the clouds would transform and the old man would smile towards Fang Yuan regardless.


 Actually, this Gu is quite interesting.


 If the primeval stones inside are little, the old man would frown and show a bitter expression. If the amount was just nice, the old man would be expressionless. And finally, the more the number of primeval stones towards the limit, the more the old man would smile.


 Shang Ya Zi saw Fang Yuan manipulate the primeval elder Gu and knew he was clear on how the Gu worked.


 He snorted: "This primeval elder Gu is quite valuable, I cannot give it to you for free. I bought this on the auction and it cost me six thousand six hundred primeval stones."


 Fang Yuan nodded, rank three Gu were sold by thousands of primeval stones, and the primeval elder Gu was a rare one, it was definitely worth that amount.


 He immediately took out primeval stones to give Shang Ya Zi.


 Shang Ya Zi used an ordinary storage Gu and kept these primeval stones, feeling horrible on the inside.


 These were originally his primeval stones!


 "Nevermind, as long as I can keep my young master position, all is possible, i can earn my primeval stones back, and for this guy who extorted me, he will die a horrible death!"


 Shang Ya Zi was not a big hearted person, Fang Yuan robbed him of all his fortune, and he even had to borrow around for the final thirty thousand.


 White bone recipe was normally six hundred thousand, but Fang Yuan sold it for nine hundred.


 Shang Ya Zi rubbed his nose, after suffering such a loss, he felt extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan.


 "The final thirty thousand, I will pass it to you in three days. This matter is known by the two of us only, no third party is allowed to know. Not even your companion. Don’t think of finding a loophole, it is useless." Shang Ya Zi got up and left, he could no longer stand being there.


 Every extra second he looked at Fang Yuan’s hideous face, the anger in his heart would accumulate a bit more.


 "There are no loopholes in the agreement, you looked through didn’t you?" Fang Yuan showed a plain expression.


 Shang Ya Zi snorted, he was born of Shang clan, being influenced from young, and also having managed this shop for a year, there were no loopholes that could avoid his notice.


 "I bet you wouldn’t dare to break the agreement." He laughed in disdain, quickly leaving.


 Fang Yuan did not take it to heart, he knew that Shang Ya Zi’s current mood was very understandable.


 As for the poison vow, he was not going to obey it.


 Poison vow Gu’s restriction is very strong, otherwise, no Gu Masters would use it.


 No way of exposing it to a third party, that is absolute. Any curveballs were risking one’s own life.


 Like earlier, Fang Yuan passed six thousand six hundred primeval stones to Shang Ya Zi.


 This was an extra action; he could have just deducted it from the thirty thousand primeval stones.


 But no.


 In the poison vow, they stated nine hundred thousand, thus Shang Ya Zi had to fork out nine hundred thousand primeval stones to Fang Yuan.


 This was the cold hard rules.


 Three days later, Shang Ya Zi gathered thirty thousand primeval stones, and handed it to Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan passed the recipe to him, of course, the most valuable bone flesh unity Gu was not sold.


 Shang Ya Zi only knew of the bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu etc, after looking at the recipe, he found many other recipes that uses the bone spear Gu as the base, and felt pleased by it, his mood turning better.


 Fang Yuan then sold the bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu as well as the bone spike Gu to him.


 As with their original agreement, it was forty thousand six hundred and twenty primeval stones.


 As a result, after this transaction, Fang Yuan’s assets rose to nine hundred thirty four thousand and twenty primeval stones 2 . With his savings, the total is about nine hundred and forty five thousand 3 .


 Fang Yuan placed most of his primeval stones into the primeval elder Gu. To prevent accidents, he also placed some on his body, and some into the tusita flower.


 "In my previous life at this time, I was still slogging in the caravan, with only fifty to sixty primeval stones on me. But right now I am nearly a millionaire."


 Fang Yuan compared this with his memories, and the advantages of his rebirth can be easily seen.


 Of course, he took huge risks as well.


 The larger the risk, the greater the benefits. There is no free lunch in this world. Effort might not reap reward, but to gain reward, one has to invest first.


 In a flash, three days passed.


 Shang clan’s investigations ended, and Wei Yang brought Shang Yan Fei’s invitation over: "Two esteemed guests, my lord clan leader has set up a clan banquet, specifically ordering me to invite both of you over."


 "Clan banquet? The moment is finally here." Fang Yuan thought.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 It’s time for his Oscars award ceremony!



***
Chapter 269: Clan Banquet


***





 Chapter 269: Clan Banquet


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A roomy courtyard was where Shang Yan Fei set up the clan banquet.


 It was an outdoor feast, because within the mountain, there was no need to worry about storm or rain.


 The courtyard was neither luxurious nor elegant, it was even rather old.


 There were a dozen or so tables arranged in a circle in the courtyard, which was already looking crowded from that.


 There were some fruits and snacks arranged on the tables and also labels indicating which seat belonged to who.


 Three seats were already occupied.


 "Big brother, do you know why lord father called us this time?" Shang Chao Feng asked vaguely while popping a red fruit into his mouth.


 The eldest Shang Qiu Niu was sitting upright, his eyes closed as he rested. Hearing the question, he opened his eyes by a sliver and spoke in a deep voice: "Lord father has recently come out of closed cultivation, he is holding this clan banquet because he misses us, what’s so strange about it?"


 "Big brother might be right, but when has lord father ever held a casual banquet? Look, don’t you think there are a few more seats today?" From the side, Shang Pu Lao interjected.


 Shang Chao Feng snickered, and Shang Qiu Niu closed his eyes again.


 Shang Pu Lao’s gaze flickered, he was in charge of the red light zone and managed brothels of all sizes; he would be the fastest person to get any news. In truth, he had already heard some talks, he was just about to continue when suddenly his ears twitched: "Someone has arrived."


 All three’s gazes turned towards the gate.


 Creak, the gate was pushed open and three people walked in.


 Wei Yang was at the front followed by Fang and Bai.


 Fang and Bai had already been here before; it was that private residence they had been called to before.


 "This private residence is the place where lord clan leader, when he was a young master, was suppressed by the alliance of other young masters. Lord clan leader took a step back and abandoned the position of young master of his own accord, becoming an ordinary clansman. During that fallen period, he stayed here. Later when he became the clan leader, he maintained this place as a reminder to himself and later generations. The clan banquets are always held here."


 Wei Yang opened the gate and introduced.


 Immediately after, he saw the three people in the courtyard: "Oh, three young masters are already here."


 Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Chao Feng and Shang Pu Lao stood up one after another and cupped their hands to Wei Yang: "Our greetings, Elder Wei Yang."


 Wei Yang was one of the five great generals under Shang Yan Fei and a major figure in Shang clan. Every single young master competing for the position of young clan leader has to go through his evaluation.


 "My greetings to all three young masters, these two are esteemed guests invited by lord clan leader." Wei Yang also cupped his hands in greeting, his expression calm. He was an elder, his status was higher than the young master positions and as an important figure in the clan, he would not fawn on these young masters.


 "Sirs, please take a seat." Wei Yang led Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing to their seats.


 The three young masters looked at each other, they could see bewilderment, surprise and curiosity in each other’s eyes.


 This was a clan banquet, why would any strangers be invited?


 Who are these two? Their seats are actually closer to lord father’s than ours!


 Wei Yang also sat down and continued on with a smile: "Let me make the introductions. This is Shang Qiu Niu, lord clan leader’s eldest son, he manages the caretaking zone. This is clan leader’s fourth son Shang Chao Feng, he manages all the Gu fighting arenas in the city. This is Shang Pu Lao, he manages all the brothels in red light zone."


 Shang Qiu Niu was robust and his voice was deep, one could tell he was a calm person from one look. He was the oldest, already nearing thirty.


 Shang Chao Feng had a messy hair and high nose bridge. He was giving off a wild aura.


 Shang Pu Lao looked the most delicate; a thin physique, white face, beautiful eyes and a loose bearing showing that he loitered around with women all year round.


 "Qiu Niu greets both esteemed guests." Shang Qiu Niu took the lead to cup his hands as a greeting.


 Wei Yang didn’t introduce Fang and Bai, the three were smart and naturally wouldn’t stupidly pursue it.


 "The three young masters are too polite. I am Hei Tu and this is my companion Bai Yun." Fang Yuan introduced.


 The names were clearly fake.


 This made the three young masters more confused about Fang and Bai’s origins. They could only laugh and go through the motion.


 As the time for evening banquet came closer, more young masters appeared.


 Shang Pi Xiu who managed rock gambling dens; Shang Suan Ni who managed restaurants and silk stores; Shang Fu Xi who managed auctions; Shang Bi Xi who managed substitute refinement zone; and Shang Ya Zi who Fang Yuan was already familiar with.


 Wei Yang introduced them to Fang and Bai; all these young masters more or less revealed strange looks as they saw Fang and Bai.


 They sat down as talks commenced with the increased number of people, the small courtyard gradually became lively.


 Just before the banquet started, the gate suddenly opened and a young master hurriedly rushed in.


 He was tall and thin, thick eyebrows and fierce gaze; he was young master Shang Bi An who was in charge of Shang clan city’s city guards.


 The city guards handled all sorts of disputes and contradictions, maintaining the law and order in the city, so it was the busiest.


 After greeting Fang and Bai, Shang Bi An was just sitting down, when a blood colored flame flickered on the main seat as Shang Yan Fei appeared.


 Shang Yan Fei was wearing a white robe with gold inlaid cuffs. Scarlet hair flew around wildly before resting on his waist; combined with his extremely handsome face, it formed into an aura and charisma that was unique to him.


 "Your children greet lord father." The many young masters stood up one after another before half kneeling down on the ground and greeting Shang Yan Fei unitedly.


 "Lord clan leader." Wei Yang stood up.


 At the same time, Fang and Bai also stood up to greet him.


 "Take your seats." Shang Yan Fei laid back against the wide backed chair and casually waved his hand.


 Immediately, seven colored beautiful lights sprinkled down like rain.


 The beautiful lights landed on the tables and turned into all kinds of fine dishes, their fragrance immediately spreading in the small courtyard.


 Fang Yuan instantly recognized the Gu as gourmet food box Gu.


 It was a rank five Gu, especially used to store delicacies and maintain their state.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan tried hard to make a living in the caravan, he had no one to rely on after the destruction of Gu Yue clan.


 The sudden emergence of an alliance of demonic Gu Masters on Yi Tian mountain overstepped the bottomline of the righteous paths.


 All great clans formed an alliance and besieged Yi Tian mountain.


 One of the heads of the allied forces, Shang Yan Fei used this gourmet food box Gu to provide for the armies.


 With just a wave of his sleeve, tens of thousands of soldiers were provided with gourmet food, becoming an enormous help in raising their morale.


 Since then, gourmet food box Gu became a symbol of Shang Yan Fei and was a conversation topic for many people.


 At that time, Fang Yuan was able to become a small boss of the lowest level with his advantages as a transmigrator; he joined a sub-branch of a caravan which was in charge of transporting supplies to the righteous path allied forces.


 He had personally be able to see the grandeur of Shang Yan Fei using gourmet food box Gu. Dazzling seven colored lights filled the sky and shone down upon the world; it was a magnificent and grand atmosphere.


 "Never expected that I would see this gourmet food box Gu years in advance and also become an esteemed guest of Shang clan!" Fang Yuan heaved a sigh inwardly.


 There was clear difference between his previous life and this life, this was the enormous advantage of rebirth.


 And this advantage was from Spring Autumn Cicada which was the accumulation and accomplishment of his previous life’s struggles.


 Shang Yan Fei spread the dishes and immediately addressed his sons: "We have two esteemed guests with us today, you all need to toast them. Qiu Niu, you are the eldest, set an example."


 With Shang Yan Fei personally telling them, Shang clan young masters did not dare to act slowly even though they were bewildered.


 Shang Qiu Niu immediately stood up and raised a wine glass, saying with his deep voice: "Qiu Niu toasts the two esteemed guests."


 With that, he swigged down the glass of wine.


 Fang Yuan also drank down a glass of wine while Bai Ning Bing still drank water.


 Qiu Niu was the oldest among these young masters; he was almost thirty but his appearance looked quite mature as if he was forty.


 By contrast, his father Shang Yan Fei looked like he was a youth in his twenties. The contrast between father and son was quite an interesting sight.


 "I had a good talk with the two esteemed guests before. Esteemed guests, if you have time later, you could come to my zone to have fun, Gu battles are truly interesting." Shang Chao Feng also stood up.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile, he knew quite a bit about Shang Chao Feng though this was the first time they met.


 This man was very aggressive about winning and was ruthless and cunning. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, at one time, he had been the biggest hindrance to Shang Xin Ci’s position as Shang clan young master.


 "Fourth brother’s Gu battles are too bloody, the best is still the delight of beauties singing and dancing for you." Shang Pu Lao retorted Shang Chao Feng before proposing a toast to Fang and Bai, his beautiful eyes flashing with light, "I wish to talk about romance and love with the two esteemed guests."


 "If we have time, definitely." Fang Yuan said with a smile and chugged down the wine.


 This banquet looked like those for celebrities in his eyes.


 Most of these Shang clan young masters would have their own story that would spread throughout the southern border in future.


 Shang Yan Fei had many children but these people here were able to distinguish themselves in such an intense competition, clearly showing their abilities that surpassed others. One could call them a giant among men or unpolished jade stones.


 Moreover, they each had their own ways and styles of doing things; right now as they converged together in the same place, it was like a pearl shining off with light and darkness.


 For the time being, there was not much to say about eldest son Shang Qiu Niu, second son Shang Ya Zi, fourth son Shang Chao Feng and eight son Shang Pu Lao.


 Ninth son Shang Suan Ni had a lion-like mouth and broad nose. He seemed to be using some type of Gu, as every time he breathed, light yellow smoke came out from his nose and curled around him.


 Tenth son Shang Bi Xi was short and stout, looked honest and did not seem to have anything remarkable about him. But Fang Yuan knew Shang Bi Xi was hiding enormous strength that was higher than his by several times.


 Twelfth son Shang Bi An would have a marriage alliance with Tie Clan, and come to become southern border’s second divine detective after Tie Xue Leng.


 Thirteenth son Shang Fu Xi was very intelligent, his advice when the righteous path allied forces attacked Yi Tian mountain caused huge damage to demonic Gu Masters time and again.


 And the twenty-first son Shang Pi Xiu, he was the youngest and was a late bloomer. Many years later, when Shang clan fell into ruins, he threw himself into the demonic path and became a devil whose evil reputation spread far and wide over the southern border.


 "Father, I am sorry I am late." As the toasts continued, the courtyard gate was opened and a girl walked in.


 She was Shang Chi Wen, sixteenth daughter of Shang Yan Fei and held control over battle arenas. She had a fair face and her two eyes shone with a smart gaze. She was a lively and charming person.


 After everyone finished toasting the wine, Shang Yan Fei raised his wine cup and faced Fang and Bai: "Thank you for protecting Xin Ci all the way, that was the only reason I could gain a new daughter."


 Once he said so, everyone present was stunned.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 I’ll give a cookie to anyone who still remembers all their names after ten chapters.



***
Chapter 270: Reward by Shang Yan Fei


***





 Chapter 270: Reward by Shang Yan Fei


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Daughter?"


 The gang of young masters showed an astonished expression, looking towards one another.


 Shang Ya Zi realized at once, patting his own forehead.


 So this was it! This was why father met the two with courtesy!


 The mysterious veil was lifted, and Shang Ya Zi looked towards Fang Yuan, great hatred hidden in his gaze.


 He was no longer afraid.


 Now that he knew the reason, after the evaluation when he regains his footing, he would slowly deal with those two scoundrels!


 At once, the place fell into silence.


 Shang Yan Fei smiled as he observed the people, giving them time to absorb the new information.


 Fang Yuan "cooperatively" expressed shock, as he was a little stunned, and muttered with a suspicious gaze: "Don’t tell me?"


 "That’s right." Shang Yan Fei looked towards him, nodding: "It is that Lady Zhang both of you escorted and protected in the caravan. She is my daughter, once she stepped into Shang clan city, I detected her bloodline and have already reunited with her."


 "Zhang Xin Ci!" Bai Ning Bing immediately followed.


 Shang Yan Fei laughed heartily: "Hehehe, she is no longer Zhang now, but Shang. Both of you saved the life of my precious daughter, you are the benefactor of my Shang clan, thus you deserve a toast from us."


 Saying so, the door was opened by someone lightly.


 The young female Gu Master Tian Lan wore a servant attire as she pushed the door open, returning to Shang Xin Ci’s side.


 "Missy..." Xiao Die looked at the courtyard full of people, and felt nervous.


 "Let’s go in." Shang Xin Ci breathed out calmly, under everyone’s watchful gaze, walked into the courtyard.


 Suddenly, her steps halted, showing surprise and joy on her face.


 She saw Fang and Bai.


 "It really is her!" Seeing Shang Xin Ci, Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk to pin-size as she was completely and utterly stunned!


 In the entire courtyard, no one could understand the shock in her heart.


 Bai Ning Bing’s shock was not from Shang Xin Ci, but Fang Yuan instead.


 She was an intelligent person, the moment she saw Shang Xin Ci, she understood at once, what Fang Yuan’s true motive was!


 Zhang Xin Ci is Shang Xin Ci, thus he protected her.


 How did he know her identity? Was this all part of his scheme?!


 At that moment, Bai Ning Bing’s thoughts whirled as a storm brew in her heart.


 "Brother Hei Tu, sister Bai Yun, why are you here?" Shang Xin Ci stared at Fang Yuan without blinking, her eyes shining brightly.


 "Ci Er, father said I would give you a surprise, didn’t I?" Shang Yan Fei laughed gently.


 Shang Xin Ci bowed and paid respects: "Thank you father, this is the happiest day I’ve had since coming to Shang clan city."


 After the initial chaos, she had already accepted Shang Yan Fei as her birth father.


 No matter how much her father had let down her mother, he was still her family!


 Even if Shang Xin Ci had grudge and hatred towards Shang Yan Fei, the kinship that tied them together could not be severed, especially for a kind lady like her.


 Shang Yan Fei heard her call him father for the first time, and his lips curled up, showing a radiant smile.


 Shang Xin Ci turned around again, showing anxiety, as she explained to Fang Yuan: "Brother Hei Tu, I was not intentionally lying to you. After mother passed away, she instructed me to come to Shang clan city. I only understood her efforts and the truth after meeting father."


 The words were like lightning bolts striking Bai Ning Bing’s heart.


 Her blue eyes squinted into a line, as her heart was filled with surprise and confusion: Even Shang Xin Ci did not know her identity? Why? Why does Fang Yuan know everything?


 Originally, Fang Yuan was shrouded in a mist in her heart, unable to observe him clearly.


 But now, the mist thickened, and Fang Yuan became even more mysterious and unpredictable!


 "So that’s it, I was wondering why Shang clan was treating me so well. So this is the reason..." Fang Yuan sighed as he raised his head, then slowly shook his head, exclaiming: "To think, to think that you are Shang clan leader’s daughter!"


 "Brother Hei Tu, can you forgive me?" Shang Xin Ci gripped her hand, asking nervously.


 Shang Yan Fei frowned lightly, seeing his daughter’s attitude, he knew that she held him in high regard.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "No matter, why would I blame you. The unknowing party is innocent, in fact, I have lied to you too."


 "What?" Shang Xin Ci froze.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: "Hei Tu, Bai Yun are just fake names."


 Shang Xin Ci smiled gently, lightly saying: "I guessed that long ago."


 Fang Yuan hesitated deliberately, then gritted his teeth and cupped his fist: "I am ashamed, my real name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, this is my companion Bai Ning Bing."


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Fang Zheng..." Shang Xin Ci repeated this name several times, memorising it to heart.


 Shang Yan Fei’s smiled also widened, he appreciated Fang Yuan’s honesty.


 The truth is, he had investigated long ago.


 Although Gu Yue clan was wiped out, Shang clan had its ways to find out information from Jia clan.


 Gu Yue village had this person called Gu Yue Fang Zheng, and this person had A grade aptitude, and was the young clan leader candidate.


 At the same time, Bai Ning Bing was the Bai clan’s young clan leader candidate.


 The two were hailed as geniuses.


 As for why they had to hide themselves and sneak into the caravan, this was easier to investigate.


 Because of Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance, Bai clan’s two young masters died in their hands. At the same time, they took over half of the inheritance away.


 Bai clan issued an arrest warrant which was the best proof.


 "So that’s why my heart was palpitating earlier." Shang Pu Lao laughed.


 "This child congratulates lord father." Shang Bi Xi said.


 "If you face any problems, tell big brother." Shang Qiu Niu looked at Shang Xin Ci and said.


 "This is awesome, I have a new sister. This banquet was worth coming." Shang Chi Wen laughed.


 ...


 The young masters recovered from their shock, and quickly showed their affection.


 "This is a joyful occasion for us all, because you have all gotten a new blood related sister." Shang Yan Fei looked at his children, extremely clear of their mental state.


 "Shang Xin Ci’s appearance is no doubt a threat."


 "From now on, there would be one more person vying for the young master position."


 "Back then, wasn’t Shang Tuo Hai father’s illegitimate child? Right now he is the Shang clan young clan leader!"


 "Actually there is no need to worry, Zhang clan is a subsidiary of Wu clan, and have enmity with Shang clan. Shang Xin Ci has no foundation here, she is easy to deal with."


 The young masters showed a smiling face, but their hearts were weighing the situation.


 The imperial family has no place for kinship.


 The emperor’s throne is crucial for the greatest benefits, not even kinship can complete.


 Shang clan is the southern border overlord, whoever rises to the position of clan leader in the future would be one of the parties that had a say in the entire southern border. High and mighty, ascending to the peak of the mortal realm, the benefits were unbelievable.


 Which generation of Shang clan leader did not undergo a ferocious battle, before they ascended to the position painstakingly?


 Shang Yan Fei had gone through this before, so he was clear of the situation right now.


 Thus, his heart went out to Shang Xin Ci even more.


 Right now, by announcing her identity, although it was to protect her, it also threw her into this spiral of competition.


 "Come, Ci Er, sit here." Shang Yan Fei patted the seat below him, saying.


 "Yes." Shang Xin Ci replied, looking deeply at Fang Yuan as Fang Yuan nodded at her with a smile.


 Shang Xin Ci walked over, sitting beside Shang Yan Fei.


 Xiao Lan, Xiao Die, these two servants were close behind her.


 Seeing this, everyone’s expression was strange.


 Since they were born, they had never seen father love one of his children to this extent.


 Even his illegitimate son Shang Tuo Hai did not receive such treatment!


 "Alright, all of you, take a seat." Shang Yan Fei waved his hand, looking towards Fang and Bai again.


 He spoke: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Bai Ning Bing, the two of you saved my precious daughter, and escorted her here. Our family is deeply indebted to you, if you have any requests, you may say it now. As the Shang clan leader, I will do my best to satisfy your needs."


 The young masters turned to look at Fang and Bai, with a look of envy.


 This was the gratitude of Shang clan leader, a promise by the southern border overlord, his words were as heavy as a mountain!


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: "Lord clan leader, the reason we protected Lady Shang Xin Ci is due to her previous kindness. Our debt has already been repaid, we do not owe each other anything."


 As he said so, everyone showed a shocked expression.


 Shang Fu Xi quickly reacted, squinting, praising the ingenuity of the answer.


 Fang and Bai saved the Shang Yan Fei’s daughter, he had to reward them handsomely. If he does not, how would outsiders look at Shang clan? If any Shang clan young master encountered danger in the future, who would help them?


 Shang Xin Ci saw Fang Yuan rejecting the reward, and quickly got anxious, saying to Shang Yan Fei: "Father, during the caravan trip, brother Hei Tu lost much of his assets too."


 Shang Yan Fei was a brilliant man, before Shang Xin Ci finished her words, he understood her intentions. This was to sought money for Fang and Bai.


 He nodded: "Since both of you are Gu Masters, I shall gift a million primeval stones to express my thanks."


 Hearing this, many young masters almost drooled.


 Although they controlled much of Shang clan’s assets, but it was under everyone’s supervision and there was a yearly evaluation, they could hardly line their own pockets.


 Shang Ya Zi had talent, but was too greedy, causing his business results to be in jeopardy.


 Fang Yuan shook his head again: "To speak the truth, I had gone through a peril situation to snatch an inheritance. After selling the recipe, I no longer lack primeval stones."


 "Oh, is that so." Shang Yan Fei looked at Shang Ya Zi with deep meaning.


 Shang Ya Zi was so scared his heart nearly jumped out, his mouth went dry and cold sweat gathered on his forehead.


 Regarding Shang Ya Zi’s matter, how could Shang Yan Fei not know? Even if he faked the accounting, what happened could be easily guessed.


 But Shang Ya Zi was still his own son, even if he violated the Shang clan rules, as long as it was not exposed, that counts as his skill too.


 Being at this position, he had learnt long ago: Obeying the rules was not an ability, true ability lies in breaking the rules to gain benefits, yet not receiving punishment. Those with true capabilities demolish the old order, while establishing new rules and enjoying the benefits along the way.


 Shang Yan Fei used this chance to remind Shang Ya Zi, before he gave another reward for them to consider.


 Shang Xin Ci only heard half of it, before her eyes glowed intensely.


 This was exactly what Fang and Bai needed the most!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Let’s see who guesses it right.



***
Chapter 271: Purple Thorn Token (Two-in-one chapter)


***





 Chapter 271: Purple Thorn Token (Two-in-one chapter)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Yan Fei saw Fang Yuan reject the primeval stones, and gave another solution: "You are now under Bai clan’s arrest warrant, this is evidently a misunderstanding. I shall explain for you and remove this arrest warrant, what do you think?"


 Fang and Bai were wanted, Shang Xin Ci knew this.


 "Why didn’t I think of it, to get rid of the arrest warrant for brother Hei Tu, this is undoubtedly what he needs the most." Shang Xin Ci supported this wholeheartedly.


 Shang clan was the southern border overlord, while Bai clan was an ordinary clan village. Moreover, their spirit spring was running dry, the clan was gradually getting weaker. Shang Yan Fei’s ’explanation’ will definitely be accepted by Bai clan.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Although this was enticing, he had other plans in his heart.


 If Shang clan cleared up the matter, it would cause him to be branded as one of them. This would be a great obstacle in his future plans of getting close to the demonic Gu Masters and joining Yi Tian mountain. Short terms benefits in exchange for long term harm.


 This arrest warrant may seem troublesome, but it was no harm to Fang Yuan.


 Which demonic lord did not have tens of arrest warrants on them? Fang Yuan had over a hundred in his previous life!


 So what if the arrest warrants pile up?


 The most ironic thing was, after he established the blood wing demonic sect in his previous life, and dominated a region, many clans took the initiative to remove the arrest warrant for him.


 This was the truth of the world, eventually, only strength matters!


 According to Fang Yuan’s plans, he wanted to stay in Shang clan city for two to three years, during this period Bai clan had no way to arrest him.


 After that, he would gather a set of Gu worms and gain a boost in strength, then he would have no fear towards Bai clan’s arrest warrant.


 In fact, Bai clan itself was in a dangerous situation, unable to fend for themselves, how could they bother about Fang and Bai!


 Thus, Shang Yan Fei’s reward, although it was important in Shang Xin Ci’s eyes, it held zero value to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, he shook his head: "Our conflict with Bai clan originated from an inheritance. Truthfully, we snatched their inheritance and killed the Bai clan young masters, but we have never regretted it. My injury is due to Bai clan, one day, I will find them for revenge. I am such a person, repay kindness with gratitude, and return grudges with revenge. A droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring, a spark of hatred will result in the burning of an entire forest!"


 As he said so, Fang Yuan did not hide his overwhelming killing intent.


 Immediately, many of the young masters had differing feelings.


 "He has an extremely demonic nature..." Some were disgusted.


 "A person exacting revenge on a clan, this person is truly naive." Some looked with disdain.


 "Hehehe, being so honest in front of father, is this person a fool, or something with great courage?" Some were amused.


 Shang clan was a righteous path overlord, but Fang Yuan declared his intentions for revenge in front of Shang Yan Fei.


 His arrogance and confidence caused Shang Xin Ci to feel inwardly shocked, but not surprised. This was brother Hei Tu true nature, wasn’t it?


 Shang Yan Fei was also unfazed, in his opinion, Fang Yuan was very honest and straightforward. Wei Yang’s evaluation was spot on. Such a person can be easily read, compared to the quiet Bai Ning Bing, he prefered Fang Yuan much more.


 "There is no need for lord clan leader to intervene and remove the arrest warrant for us. I need this to encourage myself, to whip myself and continuously get stronger. Thank you Lord Shang Yan Fei for your kind intentions." Fang Yuan cupped his fists.


 "In that case, tell me what reward you want. Don’t talk about your debt being repaid, if my Shang clan wants to reward someone, they will be rewarded. This is our rules. Even if you throw the reward away, that is none of my business." Shang Yan Fei frowned, acting unhappy.


 Immediately, the relaxed atmosphere in the courtyard became slightly more solemn.


 The young masters became much more careful when they raised their glasses to drink.


 This was the dominating aura of Shang clan leader, Shang Yan Fei, a rank five Gu Master.


 I want to reward you, even if you do not want it, you have to take it! It is not a choice!


 Fang Yuan looked around, and laughed: "But what if I really do not want it?"


 Shang Yan Fei spoke calmly, but his gaze was determined: "That is not an option."


 Many of the young masters saw this conflict and scolded Fang Yuan as an idiot secretly. He must be stupid, pushing away Shang clan leader’s reward, many people would die for this opportunity. Some praised his overwhelming bravery.


 Shang Xin Ci’s hands were sweating, worrying for Fang Yuan.


 Wei Yang laughed, soothing the atmosphere: "I thought about it, brother Fang Zheng was injured and disfigured. Why don’t lord clan leader ask the doctor to restore his appearance?"


 "Hmm, this is a good idea. Wei Yang, call Doctor Su Shou to come here." Shang Yan Fei nodded and said.


 Fang Yuan was silent, as Wei Yang went away.


 Soon, Wei Yang reported: "Doctor Su Shou has been invited here, please come with me brother Fang Zheng."


 Fang Yuan paid no attention to his own appearance, but at this time he could no longer be pushy.


 He looked at Bai Ning Bing: "Come along too, get a full body check up as well."


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, she knew exactly what injuries she has. But then again, she knew Fang Yuan had other plans, thus she agreed.


 The two left the courtyard and entered the house.


 They were familiar with this house, because they had once waited here for Shang Yan Fei for six hours, and did not even get to meet him.


 Doctor Su Shou was a slim woman, wearing a veil on her face and a white shirt and skirt. She was drinking tea at her seat.


 She had a complex relationship with Shang Yan Fei; favor, grudge, love, hatred, all of them. She held a unique position in Shang clan city, she was a rank five healing Gu Master.


 "A rare day where my mood is great today." She placed her cup down, looking at Fang Yuan: "You seek treatment? Go bathe first."


 She then stretched out her finger, pointing at Bai Ning Bing: "Especially you young lady, what did you apply on your face, ugly and dirty, clean it before you come back."


 Bai Ning Bing had concealed her looks on the entire journey, she continued to do so even in Shang clan city. Her face was smothered with cinnabar, pretending it was her birthmark. She even applied special black oil, and her hair covered her forehead, causing her to look unkempt.


 Hearing this, Bai Ning Bing was surprised.


 Fang Yuan had the same expression.


 Wei Yang quickly explained: "This is Lord Doctor Su Shou’s rule. Every patient has to shower and clean their bodies, use fragrance oil and change into a white robe. Otherwise, she will not treat them. But no worry, I have already prepared it in advance, the hot water is ready, please follow me."


 The two entered the inner house, and there were indeed two wooden buckets inside.


 Beside each bucket, there were two mortal servants standing, helping the guests to wash themselves.


 Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned, saying unhappily: "Get out, I will wash myself."


 "This..." Wei Yang was hesitant, these four were Doctor Su Shou’s attendants. Doctor Su Shou was a clean freak, if the servants were chased away, she might not clean herself properly, resulting in her unable to get treatment.


 "I’ll keep mine, brother Wei, please go out first. Her loss if she cannot enjoy it." Fang Yuan laughed.


 Wei Yang told them his worry, but Bai Ning Bing insisted. Wei Yang did not pursue it further, leaving the room and closing the door, after all, the healing target was Fang Yuan anyway.


 Fang Yuan took off his clothing, throwing away his shirt and entering the wooden bucket.


 The temperature of the water was just nice, as the two servants worked, one poured the fragrance oil as the other rubbed Fang Yuan’s back, they moved in perfect harmony, obviously experienced.


 Bai Ning Bing stood before the bucket, not moving as she hesitated.


 Fang Yuan laid in the bucket relaxing, placing his arms at the corner of the bucket, saying lightly: "Bai Ning Bing, our identities have already been exposed, we have no need to hide in Shang clan city, do you really not dare to show your face to people?"


 Bai Ning Bing immediately snorted.


 Fang Yuan continued: "I called you over with good intentions. This Doctor Su Shou, I have long heard of her great fame, in the southern border, she, Roaming Doctor Jiu Zhi, Doctor Sheng Shou, and Doctor Sha Ren are the four great doctors. You can ask her later regarding the Yin Yang rotation Gu."


 Yin Yang rotation Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes squinted into a line, as they shone unsteadily.


 This was Bai Ning Bing’s greatest pain, and the method Fang Yuan used to control Bai Ning Bing. Saying it out loud like this, what was the reason? What schemes does he have now? What is his motive?


 All sorts of suspicions arose in Bai Ning Bing’s head.


 The mental impact that Shang Xin Ci gave her was still lingering, causing Bai Ning Bing to still experience afterfear.


 This Fang Yuan, was like an unknown abyss!


 Even Shang Xin Ci did not know her identity, but he knew, otherwise he would not have approached her.


 How did he do this?


 Bai Ning Bing could not guess the Spring Autumn Cicada, that was a rank six Gu, and too far from her understanding. But she made another guess, that is, a predictive ability Gu.


 "Fang Yuan must have a precognition type Gu, able to see scenes of the future. I thought he was familiar with Bai Gu mountain due to the experiences of past people, but now it seems it must be the effect of this Gu. The problem is, which predictive Gu does he own, and what rank is it?"


 Undoubtedly, Bai Ning Bing’s pressure at this moment was the greatest.


 Even if she understood, that predictive Gu have their own severe weaknesses. Sometimes, the predicted future is either wrong or chaotic.


 But now that she wanted to deal with Fang Yuan, she would be forced to think — Would this plan of mine be forewarned? If I use this method to deal with him, will he just make use of it instead?


 Enemies that can predict the future were too terrifying.


 In the inner house, hot steam rose.


 Bai Ning Bing stood on the spot, but felt her hands and legs freezing.


 In the steam, she could almost see Fang Yuan lying in the bucket, as the servants washed his body.


 She could feel that Fang Yuan was staring at her, using his abyss-like dark eyes, those emotionless and deep eyes, quietly staring at her.


 She could hear Fang Yuan screaming in her heart: What are you going to do? Bai Ning Bing! That’s right, this is my trump card, a precognition Gu. You want to deal with me? Go ahead! I can see the future, you have no chance of winning...


 But the truth was, Fang Yuan was already resting his eyes.


 Whether Bai Ning Bing washed or not, it was part of his probing, killing two birds with one stone. He was testing both Bai Ning Bing and Shang Yan Fei.


 The two servants were really experienced, when the water turned cold slightly, they immediately added hot water.


 The room was not big, after placing two buckets, it was crowded. This portrayed the state Shang Yan Fei faced when he decided to give up the position of young master back in the day to become a commoner.


 But this was normal.


 Heroes often met despair. But that is not to say, the fate of heroes is full of calamities. But because, only despair and desperation can create heroes.


 Shang Yan Fei could be called a hero, but he is more of a schemer, an ambitious person.


 After an hour of washing, the servant stopped.


 Fang Yuan wore the shirt they prepared, and walked out of the room, but Bai Ning Bing was still standing there, thoughts flowing in her head.


 "Get out, I will wash myself." After Fang Yuan left, Bai Ning Bing chased the two servants away.


 Fang Yuan smiled, the more Bai Ning Bing thought, the more pressure she faced. The more she thought, the more her willpower was sucked away.


 Sometimes, strengths might not be strengths.


 If Bai Ning Bing was a straightforward boor, so be it. But she was extremely intelligent, and the more intelligent she was, the more she thought, and the more she would find Fang Yuan unpredictable, and hard to win.


 Bai Ning Bing could have felt nothing wrong with the bath, but Fang Yuan could tell that she had lowered her head to him from this insignificant matter.


 Smart people were suspicious, from another angle, it was Bai Ning Bing who helped Fang Yuan subdue herself.


 Back at the main room, Fang Yuan found Doctor Su Shou.


 She did not waste time, stretching out her palm and placing it at Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 A gush of pure white light burst forth like water and enveloped Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 A refreshing and cool feeling spread throughout Fang Yuan’s body.


 His burnt skin could be seen recovering rapidly, at the same time flesh started to grow at the right side of his head.


 As time passed, the flesh grew and formed into shapes of ear, and cartilage.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, as the numbing feeling assaulted him like waves, continuously challenging his limits.


 Quickly, new skin formed on his body, and from the pores that were burnt, new eyebrows grew.


 In fifteen minutes time, his injuries healed, he not only regained his looks, but his right ear also grew out, matching with his left.


 Doctor Su Shou pulled back her hand, commenting: "Now you look much better. Leave, and bring your companion along, hmph, she chased my servants away, how would I know if she had cleaned herself properly? Eh..."


 At this time, the room door opened, and Bai Ning Bing walked out.


 She wore a white robe, returning to her formal appearance, without any concealment, her blue eyes shone like the blue sky, with ice muscles and jade bones, her face was slightly red, and she carried with her the lingering steam from her bath. Even the woman Doctor Su Shou was moved by her divine appearance.


 Doctor Su Shou’s impression of Bai Ning Bing changed completely, as she said gently: "Little sister looks incredible, I almost got charmed by you."


 This attitude was a hundred and eighty degree turn, Fang Yuan could not help but roll his eyes.


 But he knew, this was Doctor Su Shou, pursuing all things beautiful in her life. Or using Earth’s words, she had an appearance complex!


 Bai Ning Bing shook her head: "I do not need healing, I just want to know about the Yin Yang rotation Gu."


 "I will answer anything little sister wants to know." Doctor Su Shou gently said, then turned coldly at Fang Yuan: "As for you, why are you still here, go out!"


 Completely different attitudes towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, having being chased out.


 The moment he got out, he saw Wei Yang.


 "Brother Fang Zheng?" Wei Yang look at him hesitantly.


 Fang Yuan nodded, showing gratitude in his eyes: "Thank you brother for guarding here the entire time."


 "Haha, to think you look so handsome!" Wei Yang raised his thumb as he praised.


 Actually, Fang Yuan looked extremely plain and ordinary, he could only be considered middle-upper level in terms of looks. But his eyes were dark like the abyss, giving off an unquestionable aura.


 Most importantly, he was way too ugly when he was injured, in contrast, he became much more ’handsome’.


 But Wei Yang quickly laughed bitterly: "Little brother, since you call me brother, I shall lecture you. Why did you refuse clan leader’s reward? I know you have your principles, but Shang clan has their rules, as they say, follow the customs of the place you are in, moreover, lord clan leader is not trying to harm you! This is a good thing."


 "But if you continue insisting, the good thing will turn sour. A wise man submits to circumstances, I’m sure you do not want Lady Xin Ci to be stuck in the middle right?"


 Fang Yuan frowned: "I accepted treatment because I was considering this point."


 Wei Yang’s smile became even more bitter: "Just this treatment alone is no reward. If Shang clan does not produce a proper reward, it will cause outsiders to laugh at us, and ruin Shang clan’s reputation and image. In future, if Shang clan’s young masters encounter trouble, who would help them? Thus, you must accept this reward no matter what."


 Wei Yang spoke as he observed Fang Yuan’s expression, seeing him frown even harder, he continued urging: "You, oh you, I don’t know what to say. Something that people would die for, you are doing your best to refuse it. Little brother Fang Zheng, an arm cannot overpower a leg , if you really do not want it, you can accept it now, and after this is over, give it to Shang Xin Ci. Is that not a good solution?"


 Fang Yuan thought about it, and said solemnly: "Hmm, this is a good idea. First, it does not violate my principles, second, it would not make life difficult for you. But brother Wei, what do I ask for?"


 Wei Yang immediately replied: "Oh course it is a token!"


 Fang Yuan laughed secretly, that was what he wanted to hear all along. He wanted to hear it from Shang Yan Fei, but Shang Yan Fei seemed to have wanted to recruit him, intentionally not mentioning it.


 Now, he shall make use of Wei Yang.


 "Token?" Fang Yuan showed a confused expression.


 "You just got to Shang clan city, although you know there is a need for tokens, you do not know the importance of it. Trust brother Wei, a high class token is very important. Sometimes, even if you have money, it is useless without a token." Wei Yang advised wholeheartedly.


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Although I don’t get it, since brother Wei said so, I shall request for a token."


 Wei Yang instantly felt strongly moved due to being trusted.


 He patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders, sighing: "Little brother, we hit it off so well, why would I cause you to lose out?"


 Back at the courtyard, Fang Yuan immediately said to Shang Yan Fei: "I was rash, after hearing brother Wei Yang’s advice, I realized a token was so important. I would like to ask for two tokens from lord clan leader."


 Shang Yan Fei’s eyes shone, he intentionally kept quiet because he had plans. But to think Wei Yang ruined it, this Wei Yang, he failed while trying to do good, not thinking further into this.


 These two saved his birth daughter, the token given cannot be too low class.


 Nevermind!


 In Shang clan city, what does that little primeval stones they had amount to? In a year or two, it would be finished, even if they had the token, they would still need to rely on Shang clan.


 Thinking so, Shang Yan Fei laughed heartily, waving his hand: "Alright, I shall give both of you a purple thorn token each, as my thanks to you."


 Almost all the young masters gasped at this.


 Even Wei Yang was taken aback.


 Shang clan city had black, white, red, orange, yellow, green, turquoise, blue, purple — a total of nine tokens. Black stone token was the lowest, purple thorn token was the highest, it meant one was a VIP in Shang clan, the authority was almost half a clan elder!


 Even Fang Yuan did not expect that Shang Yan Fei would give out a purple thorn token. He had planned to receive a green, turquoise or blue token, these three colors. He greatly underestimated Shang Yan Fei’s magnanimity.


 Shang Yan Fei took out a token immediately, it was made of cercis chinensis wood, palm sized, the front wrote the two words ’Shang Clan’, while the back was a minimap of Shang Liang mountain.


 But this was not the real purple thorn token.


 Shang Yan Fei called out another Gu: "This is the special token Gu of Shang clan, it needs your blood."


 The Gu worm was like a mosquito, flying to Fang Yuan’s arm, taking a bit of blood, and returned to the surface of the token.


 Splat.


 With a crisp sound, the token Gu exploded, turning into a lump of blood and merging into the token.


 The token seemed to have no changes, but when it got into Fang Yuan’s hands, the surface started to glow with a purple light, like water and shadow.


 Only now, did this become a real purple thorn token.


 Even if outsiders got the token, it was useless. This could only be used by Fang Yuan.


 This was also Shang clan’s protective measure. Making it impossible for outsiders to impersonate. If they used Gu worms as the trust token, other Gu Masters might reverse engineer it and refine the Gu for themselves.


 The genius part was, the purple thorn token was not a Gu worm, it only had the power of the token Gu remaining in it.


 As time passed, the token Gu’s power would decrease, and the purple thorn token would lose effect.


 This was an advantage to Shang clan.


 The depreciation of the token, would cause its usage to be sustained at a certain level.


 If Fang Yuan’s purple thorn token lost effect, he would have to return to Shang clan city and ask them to create a new one. This was a way Shang clan controlled their tokens.


 Fang Yuan obtained the purple thorn token, and the young masters’ gaze towards him changed completely.


 Before, he was still just a demonic Gu Master, many looked down on him, felt disdain towards him, but now they held an equal attitude.


 The purple thorn token could only be given out when the clan leader, or ten elders came to an agreement. There were only two hundred purple thorn tokens in the world now.


 "Your companion?" Shang Yan Fei took out another token.


 "Still with Doctor Su Shou, I will go rush her now." Wei Yang was about to get up, when Bai Ning Bing returned, in front of everyone.


 Her expression was cold, and solemn. She had heard from Doctor Su Shou, that to return to her male body, she needed the corresponding Yang Gu.


 Of course, there was no absolute. If she could get a rank six Gu immortal to help, there was a high chance of success.


 Seeing her appearance, many young masters fell into a daze.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 This is so long... consider this two chapters.



***
Chapter 272: New Alliance Agreements


***





 Chapter 272: New Alliance Agreements


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Ning Bing’s appearance caused the attention on Fang Yuan to divert.


 The contrast was simply too great, causing everyone to focus on her.


 Fang Yuan had an ordinary appearance, but when he first appeared, even Wei Yang praised him. Bai Ning Bing however, looked stunning, the contrast was much more evident.


 Next, Bai Ning Bing also received the purple thorn token.


 During the clan banquet, everyone interacted with each other, portraying a cohesive gathering on the outside, but secretly, there were storms brewing.


 In large clans, young masters often fought openly and secretly. Because large clans had the resources for them to compete.


 On the other hand, normal clans like Gu Yue clan village, Bai clan village, focused on nurturing one successor. It was not a problem of fertility, but because they wanted to avoid internal conflicts between young masters which could cause the clan to decline.


 Fang Yuan displayed his forthright and hotblooded side, these young masters were influential people, nurturing a good relationship with them would greatly aid him in his stay on Shang Liang mountain for the next few years.


 He clarified his past, as the former Gu Yue clan future clan leader, similar to Bai Ning Bing.


 Immediately, he closed the distance he had with the other young masters.


 Obviously, there were people who asked about the reason why Qing Mao mountain turned into an icy hell, but Fang Yuan did not explain it.


 He only mentioned that the past was a nightmare, and showed a painful expression. He had the purple thorn token in his hand, so no one dared to force him.


 A few young masters toasted Bai Ning Bing, but she did not bother responding to them, acting as she pleased.


 If it was before, the young master would definitely be secretly angry, but now that she showed her true beauty, no one got angry about it.


 They only felt that this woman was beautiful like a fairy, resembling a ice fairy, paired with her cold behavior, it fitted her image perfectly.


 The clan banquet lasted for an hour before ending.


 "Can I still call you brother Hei Tu?" As they parted, Shang Xin Ci stared at Fang Yuan with glimmering eyes.


 "Whichever you like." Fang Yuan smiled warmly.


 Shang Xin Ci blinked, saying softly: "Brother Hei Tu’s injuries are healed, it is worth celebrating, but I feel like we are quite far apart. Brother Hei Tu has the purple thorn token now, you can freely leave and enter the second inner city, are you currently staying at Nan Qiu garden?"


 Shang Xin Ci was very chatty, from deep in her heart, she felt that Fang Yuan was very close to her, thus she had many things to say.


 In a foreign environment, people subconsciously found a sense of security from people they know.


 Fang Yuan knew her mental state, initiating: "Yes I am staying at Nan Qiu garden, when you are free, you can come over to visit. Shang clan city is huge, we can go shopping together."


 Shang Xin Ci’s eyes glowed brightly, happily nodding.


 Xiao Die was beside her, happily shouting: "It has been so boring stay at home these days!"


 After Fang Yuan regained his looks, Xiao Die no longer found him so scary.


 Soon after, Shang Yan Fei brought Shang Xin Ci away, being the first to leave the place.


 The young masters lost the restrain on them, and started to show their true colors.


 Many gave invitations to Fang and Bai; Fang Yuan did not reject them but promised to visit when he had time.


 These were all empty promises.


 When everyone started leaving, the two also went back to Nan Qiu garden.


 "Are you happy now?" Bai Ning Bing went to Fang Yuan, laughing coldly.


 "Happy about what?"


 "Hmph, you know the answer, do you really want me to say it?" Being in Shang clan city, some things were not meant to be said, it would hurt both parties.


 Fang Yuan smiled and did not respond.


 Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan with a flickering gaze: "I have to admit, I underestimated you. Even though I want to chop you into pieces, I greatly admire your tactics."


 She paused, then continued: "Let’s not beat about the bush, under what conditions will you return the Yang Gu to me?"


 "Hehe." Fang Yuan laughed lightly, Bai Ning Bing looking for him meant she had lost her bearings. Shang Xin Ci’s matter had a great impact on her, this was no doubt a chance.


 Since she wanted to lay their cards on the table, so be it.


 Thus, Fang Yuan said: "We are both smart people, if you were in my spot, what would you do?"


 Bai Ning Bing immediately gave a cold snort, her eyes closing into a line, as she shot daggers with her gaze: "Let me warn you, do not go overboard. Otherwise, I will disregard the consequences and act, let’s see who loses out more then!"


 Fang Yuan laughed: "You are right, I have been thinking these days, we each hold the other party’s weakness. At this point, how can we struggle among ourselves and let a third party take advantage of our conflict?"


 Bai Ning Bing was silent.


 Fang Yuan continued: "How about this, assist me to rank five peak stage, and I’ll return the Yang Gu to you."


 "F*ck you!" The corner of Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched, immediately snickering: "You think I am an idiot like Shang Ya Zi? Rank five peak stage, I can’t believe you have to face to say that!"


 They agreed upon rank three earlier, but now it seems Fang Yuan was really going to go back on his words!


 Although Bai Ning Bing was ready for it, seeing Fang Yuan’s shameless smile, she felt anger rising in her.


 "Bai Ning Bing, don’t be ungrateful, I saved your life. If I did not use the Yin Gu, you would have perished on Qing Mao mountain long ago." Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold.


 Bai Ning Bing did not relent, immediately retorting: "Hmph, if I did not block first generation Gu Yue’s hit for you, you would have died before me!"


 "On Bai Gu mountain, if I did not..."


 "That time you fell into the swamp, did I not save your life?"


 ...


 The two bickered in the room, exchanging blows against each other until they both went silent.


 Their relationship was a huge mess already. But one thing was sure, they relied on each other’s strength to arrive at Shang Liang mountain. If not for their mutual assistance, they would not have lived until today.


 The two fell into silence, as the atmosphere in the room became less tense.


 "Next, what plans do you have?" A moment later, Bai Ning Bing broke the silence.


 "Stay a few years in Shang clan city, now that we have the token and primeval stones, we can get ourselves a set of complementary Gu worms. You also fought against that Wei Yang, only when we have a set of Gu worms can we display our true power." Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted: "At most, rank four peak stage. My contributions were high on Bai Gu mountain, you have to give me half of the primeval stones."


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Okay, let’s hi-five as a promise."


 Bai Ning Bing’s stared at him, furiously growling: "You think I am a fool, hi-five?! Use the poison vow Gu, poison vow, understand?!"


 Fang Yuan nodded: "No problem, poison vow Gu it is."


 Bai Ning Bing squinted, a dangerous feeling emerging in her heart. Fang Yuan’s quick response caused her to feel that she had been scammed. She seemed to have fallen into Fang Yuan’s trap again.


 "But." Fang Yuan’s words shifted.


 "But what?" Bai Ning Bing was extremely vigilant.


 Fang Yuan continued: "From now on, if we have any gains, it will be split 3:7. You 30%, and me 70%. If we have any Gu, I have choosing priority, I will use primeval stones to compensate you. This is my baseline, you must accept it."


 Bai Ning Bing breathed out in relief, now this is Fang Yuan. If he did not have any terms, it would be too weird.


 She had travelled with him for so long, he had never lost out in a deal!


 This person was too devious, especially today, he caused Bai Ning Bing’s vigilance to surge to an all-time high.


 3:7, this was too much. Especially when Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was much higher than Fang Yuan.


 But if Fang Yuan did not list an overbearing condition, Bai Ning Bing would have felt uneasy. She would think this person was scheming again. Thus, after Fang Yuan gave his terms, Bai Ning Bing felt at ease.


 "So be it." Bai Ning Bing agreed immediately.


 Gains or benefits, she did not care about them. Her only goal was Yang Gu.


 After getting information from Doctor Su Shou, her final hope was crushed.


 The two conversed for an entire night.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the agreement over ten times, finally concluding that Fang Yuan did not have any loopholes left to use.


 Thus on the second day, their first job was to buy the poison vow Gu.


 Poison vow Gu was a rank three Gu, with wide uses, almost every shop in third inner city sold it. One cost forty-five hundred primeval stones, and needed at least a yellow pear token.


 But when Fang Yuan showed the purple thorn token, the shopkeeper immediately cut the price by fifteen hundred. Fang Yuan paid three thousand and obtained the poison vow Gu.


 The nine tokens, held differing discount for different Gu.


 "Let me refine it this time." Bai Ning Bing immediately took the poison vow Gu.


 She was very careful, personally refining the poison vow Gu to prevent Fang Yuan from making sneaky moves.


 This poison vow Gu had originally been refined by the shopkeeper already, with his assistance, Bai Ning Bing spent fifteen minutes to refine the Gu and kept it for her own use.


 "Does this shop sell the primeval elder Gu?" Bai Ning Bing asked again.


 Shopkeeper shook his head, respectfully explaining that the primeval elder Gu was a precious rank three Gu, it would only be sold in auctions. But the two had the purple thorn token, they could easily pre-order it before an auction as long as it isn’t a large size one.


 The auction zone in third inner city, Wei Yang had brought them there long ago. They easily got to the area, and spent sixty-seven hundred primeval stones to purchase the primeval elder Gu.


 "We spent ten thousand just like that. We shall split the cost of the poison vow Gu, but the primeval elder Gu’s cost will come from you." Fang Yuan reminded.


 "Such small details, I’m not going to nitpick." Bai Ning Bing waved her hand, not interested in calculating. She had been used to spending casually, not caring about monetary fortune. In fact, she looked down on Fang Yuan’s stingy behavior.


 Afraid of dragging on, the two returned to Nan Qiu garden and used the poison vow Gu.


 This way, a new agreement was established.


 According to the agreement, Fang Yuan distributed half of the nine hundred thousand over primeval stones to Bai Ning Bing, placing it in her primeval elder Gu.


 Fang Yuan lost half his fortune, but gained an alliance mate Bai Ning Bing. It was a worthwhile trade.


 And Bai Ning Bing also saw hope in regaining the Yang Gu, the two were wary of one another, scheming against each other, it was difficult to get to this stage where both was satisfied.


 "Next, can you finally help and aid me in reaching rank three?" Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed smugly, seeing Fang Yuan’s ugly expression, she felt extremely happy.


 For the last few days, she had not helped Fang Yuan in cultivating. However, with the new agreement in place, it was another story all together.


 "Sure, I’ll help you advance to rank three today." She agreed immediately.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Of course there’s a second chapter... Lesson of the day: If your relationship is facing problems, always talk it out.



***
Chapter 273: Advance to Rank Three


***





 Chapter 273: Advance to Rank Three


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Swish swish swish...


 In the aperture, the primeval sea ebbed and flowed. A gush of primeval essence crashed towards the aperture walls.


 The waves were like snow, shining in a silver light, brilliant beyond comprehension, this was the snow silver primeval essence.


 In the room, Bai Ning Bing’s palms were stuck to Fang Yuan’s back as the bone flesh unity Gu sent primeval essence continuously into Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 Once the primeval essence was converted by the bone flesh unity Gu and became Fang Yuan’s, he could utilize them.


 Fang Yuan used the endless amount of snow silver primeval essence and assaulted his aperture walls.


 He was now rank two peak stage, his primeval essence was deep red, and his aperture walls were of a crystal form, transparent and shiny.


 Initially, in order to breakthrough from rank one peak stage to rank two on Qing Mao mountain, he had to use primeval stones to help him, and after three to four days, he barely succeeded. It was an arduous process.


 When he tried to breakthrough into rank three, because of his talent, he had to use the man-beast life burial Gu, an external force.


 But now, it was completely different.


 Not only because his aptitude had risen to A grade ninety percent, and no longer needed the man-beast life burial Gu, he even had the assistance of Bai Ning Bing.


 Human encounters were really mysterious and unpredictable. Even Fang Yuan did not see this coming.


 The tough crystal walls, under the impact of the snow silver primeval essence, started to develop cracks.


 The cracks grew rapidly, expanding and spreading. A moment later, the entire wall was filled with cracks.


 Crack crack...


 The crystal wall shattered, and numerous crystal fragments fell into the primeval sea, causing waves to splash.


 Soon after, these fragments turned into white spots, dispersing in the primeval sea.


 A brand new white light wall, replaced the crystal wall.


 At the same time, a trace of light silver primeval essence appeared from deep within the sea.


 Light silver primeval essence, it was the symbol of rank three initial stage.


 At this point, Fang Yuan finally broke through rank two peak stage, and achieved rank three.


 Not mentioning rank six Gu immortal, rank three was already in the middle spectrum of strength. Be it righteous or demonic, they were a strong force.


 "After leaving Qing Mao mountain, in less than a year, I regained my rank three cultivation. This speed, is over three times of when I was on Qing Mao mountain, and with my A grade aptitude, my future is bright." Fang Yuan clenched his fist, cheering in his heart.


 Looking at the time, only six hours passed.


 So fast.


 If he used his own effort, he could breakthrough as well, but it would take twenty four hours at least.


 Snow silver primeval essence, it truly was the most effective.


 Checking his aperture once again.


 The sea of bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu had all been sold.


 Over half of the deep red rank two peak stage primeval essence remained.


 Bai Ning Bing’s did not stop injecting her primeval essence.


 A gush of snow silver primeval essence fell from the sky like a waterfall into the primeval sea, and after some turbulence, it sank to the bottom of the sea.


 The higher the realm, the better the quality of the primeval essence. Red steel primeval essence and light silver primeval essence could only be pushed up by the snow silver primeval essence.


 At the bottom of the primeval sea, a bone-like white and blue flower moved along with the sea currents.


 It was the rank three heavenly essence treasure lotus. The "movable primeval spring", able to produce fifty primeval stones a day.


 Beside the pure treasure lotus was the demonic blood skull Gu.


 The blood colored skull had two eye sockets, glowing with a purple flame.


 Near the blood skull Gu, there was a crystal ball, staying motionless.


 Inside the crystal ball, there was a thick mist that formed into an old man that gave off an immortal aura.


 The old man carried a walking cane, with a thick beard on his face, showing a calm expression.


 It was the primeval elder Gu.


 The old man was originally laughing and smiling, but after Fang Yuan took out half his primeval stones, his expression turned plain.


 There was also another jade pendant-like beetle fossil, half transparent and jade green, it gave off cooling air.


 It was the rank two clearing heat Gu, used for curing poison.


 Close to them, there was also the charred thunder potato mother Gu and a rice bag Gu.


 On the surface of the sea, four flavor liquor worm played with the waves. Its fat body shone with red, blue, green and yellow, symbolizing spicy, bitter, sour and sweet; four flavors in total.


 In the air, there was the canopy Gu and Yang Gu, playing around the snow silver waterfall.


 The canopy Gu was like a giant ladybug, its half round white shell having black spots. The Yang Gu however gave off a warm white light.


 His most important vital Gu, was still asleep, drawing the water from the river of time, to recover its body.


 Other than the Gu in his aperture, there was still the bone flesh unity Gu, as a bracelet on his arm, as it formed into a bracelet tattoo.


 In his palm, there was the blood moon Gu.


 On his tongue, there was the tusita flower tattoo.


 On his left ear, the breath concealment Gu.


 On his feet, the jumping grass Gu.


 Flesh-bone Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s, it had been returned to her. Originally, there was a plunder Gu that resembled a black beetle, Fang Yuan had used it to snatch the Gu worms in Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, but it had died from lack of food during the caravan journey.


 These were all the Gu Fang Yuan possessed. 1


 "Heavenly essence treasure lotus has to be kept, but I do not have the recipe to continue refining it. I can still use it now, but when I reach rank four, its use will be negligible."


 "Blood skull Gu is useless to me now, to nurture my descendants, there is too much trouble in terms of time and effort. Back then, first generation Gu Yue had no choice but to do it. I can change out this Gu, after all, it is one of the inheritance of the blood sea ancestor. I might be able to get a good Gu from the treasure realm. But treasure realm is the foundation of Shang clan, even if I had the purple thorn token... I have to plan this carefully."


 "Spring Autumn Cicada, primeval elder Gu, and bone flesh unity Gu are definitely going to be kept, blood moon Gu is easy to raise but does not have enough attack and cannot be used as a set. Tusita flower should be changed too, there are better options available. I have to expose the breath concealment Gu, but jumping grass has to be removed. It was kept as emergency in the first place."


 "Other than this, i have lots of strength Gu to buy, and also investigative, movement type Gu. Now that our situation is stable, and I have gained the trust of Shang clan, I can try to interact with the gambling den."


 Fang Yuan considered his options.


 The Gu on him were all gathered individually, they could not form into a set. And they did not even cover all grounds, severely affecting his battle strength.


 At Shang clan city, they finally had time to develop themselves. He has to use this opportunity, and race against time, to get his Gu worm set in two to three years. Creating his own battle style, as well as trying to raise his cultivation as high as possible.


 After that, the Three Kings Inheritance would start. Next would be the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain, one that affected the entire southern border. It was a grand event, where brave warriors reigned supreme. If one did not have enough strength, they would be cannon fodder. If he had the qualification to join, using Fang Yuan’s rebirth advantage, he would be able to gain great benefits.


 ...


 "This subordinate greets Lord clan leader!" In the study room, Wei Yang kneeled.


 Shang Yan Fei stopped writing, looking up: "Wei Yang, there is only the two of us here, do not be restrained."


 "Thank you for the seat, clan leader." Wei Yang sat at a nearby seat.


 Shang Yan Fei laughed, as he recalled: "You, you are still so rigid. Remember when we first met, before you dominated the battle stage, back when I was still a Shang clan young master. So many years have passed already, it was all thanks to your assistance that I became clan leader."


 "This subordinate does not dare to claim credit!" Wei Yang quickly stood up, cupping his fist: "I am but a boor, only able to assist in terms of fighting. Clan leader is both intelligent and strong, I am merely the icing on the cake."


 "Hehehe. Although I am intelligent and strong, I am still one person. Only with all of you, can I establish a force strong enough to dominate. Two fists cannot rival four palms , a good leader needs his men, am I right?" Shang Yan Fei looked at Wei Yang with deep intentions.


 Wei Yang immediately realized that Shang Yan Fei had a deeper meaning, but could not understand his meaning, only cupping his fists: "This subordinate is ashamed."


 Shang Yan Fei changed the topic: "I had thought at first that Bai Ning Bing was a girl pretending to be a guy, after all, many clans carry a male leader mentality. But today, I heard from Doctor Su Shou, Bai Ning Bing asked her about the Yin Yang rotation Gu, it seems there is a hidden story behind this. But whether she is a guy or a girl, that is a small detail, it is no longer important. What is important, is whether she and that Fang Zheng would work for us Shang clan."


 Wei Yang was enlightened: "This subordinate understands."


 "Mm, as long as you understand, you may leave." Shang Yan Fei waved his hand.


 "This subordinate takes his leave."


 Seeing the study room’s door close lightly, Shang Yan Fei leaned back on his chair and closed his eyes.


 Fang and Bai were able to snatch the inheritance from Bai clan, and were able to escort Shang Xin Ci back, it showed that they had both brains and brawn.


 They even had good aptitude, the report states they were rank three.


 They were not even twenty yet, this truly was great talent!


 Most importantly, they knew how to repay kindness, this showed they had proper character, it made people feel at ease.


 And finally, they were not peasants, but were born as two clan’s successor, they had the symbol of righteousness ingrained in them from birth.


 Shang Yan Fei had been in power for so many years, and had seen many young talents, but very few moved his heart like these two.


 But the reason Shang Yan Fei wanted to recruit them, was not for himself, but for Shang Xin Ci.


 He opened his eyes, and turned into a pillar of flame, disappearing from the study room.


 When he reappeared, he was at a huge walkway.


 At the two sides of the walkway, there were tall stone pillars. The ground was paved with a type of white-silver colored brick. Shang Yan Fei stood beside the stone pillar, like an ant beside a pair of chopsticks.


 He walked slowly in the empty walkway, only the echo of his walking could be heard.


 After a while, he arrived at the end of the walkway.


 A giant red door was in front of him.


 The giant door was as tall as the walkway, over thirty meters tall. There was no handle on the door, instead there was the carving of a huge human face.


 The face protruded out of the door, and was sound asleep. The details of the carving was simply perfection.


 Shang Yan Fei came before the door, and stared at the red door, saying in an annoyed tone: "Living treasure door, stop pretending to be asleep, what’s the point? You’ve done this too many times."


 The face on the giant door immediately opened its eyes, staring at Shang Yan Fei, complaining: "Sigh, Little Fei Fei, you’ve grown up, you are not cute anymore!"


 As it said so, it opened its huge mouth and a strong gust of wind blew, causing Shang Yan Fei’s hair to dance in the wind. Its voice was like thunder, as the echo reverberated in the walkway.


 Shang Yan Fei’s eyes twitched: "Stop your nonsense, I am here to exchange for treasure."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Guess what is Little Fei Fei going to exchange for at the gate of babylon?



***
Chapter 274: Living Treasure Door


***





 Chapter 274: Living Treasure Door


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Exchange treasure?" The face on the huge door made funny faces towards the tiny Shang Yan Fei, teasing: "Little Fei Fei, are you going to take advantage of me again? I know we are old friends, but as the guardian of the treasure realm, I will not help you to steal from the inside. Although we are such old friends..."


 "How many times have I said it, can you change the way you call me?" Black lines appeared on Shang Yan Fei’s forehead.


 "Then what do I call you? Little Yan Yan, Little Yan Fei or Little Yan Zi?"


 Shang Yan Fei quickly waved his hand, helplessly saying: "Nevermind, nevermind, do whatever you want. Let’s get back to business, I am really here for exchanging treasure."


 "Ohhh..." The huge face dragged his words, evidently not satisfied yet: "Getting to business so soon, I wanted to talk more, this place is boring me to death."


 Shang Yan Fei sighed: "I am very busy, living treasure door. You know I am the Shang clan leader, it is no longer like before."


 "Sigh, nevermind, every generation of clan leaders are like that. I thought you would be different. I have no requirements this time, I just want somebody to complain to, the eons of waiting truly makes me empty and lonely..." Living treasure door sighed gloomily.


 "You are a door, what loneliness can you have? Can’t you just sleep? "Shang Yan Fei’s head was full of black lines.


 "Sleep? I can’t fall asleep! You have no idea how hard it is to be alone..." Living treasure door started to blabber again.


 "I am not here to listen to your grudges, let’s talk about business, real business." Shang Yan Fei coughed.


 "Oh, then let’s do that." Living treasure door’s face became solemn: "Sure if you want to exchange treasures, but I have a condition..."


 It dragged its words again.


 Shang Yan Fei had a bad feeling about this.


 He raised his eyebrows: "What condition, don’t tell me...?"


 "Ah, looking at your expression, you’ve guessed it! That’s right, that’s right, I want you to dig my nose, dig my nose!" Living treasure door screamed excitedly.


 Dig my nose...


 Dig my...


 Dig...


 The loud voice continued to echo in the walkway.


 Shang Yan Fei’s forehead was popping with veins: "Scoundrel, you’re trying this again?"


 "My nose is really itchy, really itchy, I can’t breathe properly. I have no hands, I cannot dig my nose myself like you humans, I am so pitiful. Ah... Little Fei Fei, my good friend, please help me, please dig my nose. As a reward, I will give you my treasured booger." Living treasure door sang out in a poetic tone.


 "Hey, enough is enough!" Shang Yan Fei clenched his fists, screaming out after he could control himself no longer.


 Living treasure door snorted, giving a ’what can you do to me’ look.


 Then it started to chant...


 "Dig my nose!"


 "Dig my nose!"


 "Dig my nose!"


 "Dig my nose or no treasure for you. Dig my nose and you are a good boy..."


 The voice shook the air and caused the entire walkway to shake.


 Shang Yan Fei lowered his head, supporting his forehead as the sounds of ’dig my nose’ reverberated the walkway.


 "Alright, alright, stop chanting, I’ll do it okay?" Shang Yan Fei screamed out, completely helpless in his heart.


 Even if he is a rank five Gu Master, the lord of Shang clan, against the living treasure door, there was nothing he could do.


 After all, the treasure realm was left behind by Shang clan’s ancestors, this was the work of a Gu immortal beyond rank five!


 "Oh yay——!" Living treasure door cried out in triumph, then it urged: "Quickly, quickly, I can’t wait anymore."


 Shang Yan Fei’s expression froze, as the corner of his eyes twitched, he stretched out his right hand.


 On the palm of his right hand, there was a tiny tattoo in the shape of a palm, blood red in color.


 He activated his primeval essence, and the blood tattoo flew out, turning into a giant bright red hand.


 Rank five — Blood Handprint Gu!


 Whoever is hit by this palm, be it birds, beasts, worms or fish, as long as they had blood flowing in them, they would turn into a puddle of blood. It had great strength and a threatening effect, Shang Yan Fei used it to dominate the southern border, establishing his fierce name.


 But right now, he used the blood handprint to satisfy living treasure door’s weird request...


 Digging its nose.


 The bright red palm, turned into a fist, then stretched out its index finger, and entered the living treasure door’s nostrils.


 Living treasure door hummed: "Yes, that’s it!"


 "Ahh... it feels so good..."


 "Deeper, that’s right, a little deeper!"


 "More strength please, it feels better if you’re rougher."


 "Ohh... that was too good..."


 "Little Fei Fei, your technique is superb."


 "Ah... ah... ahhh... CHOO!" Living treasure door opened its mouth, sneezing loudly.


 Numerous red, yellow, blue, and green "booger" were blown out.


 If one looked properly, the red one was typhoon mountain pepper, a god-like extinct refinement aiding material. The yellow was worry soil, one of the ingredients used to refine a rank six Gu. The blue was ice heart, only at the center of a ten million year old ice mountain can one of these grow. The green was the grass skirt Gu, rank five without any defensive ability, but once a Gu Master uses it, it can give them a grass skirt that is able to absorb primeval energy from the air, replenishing the primeval essence in the aperture rapidly!


 "Alright, my breathing is smooth again. These booger are your gift. I do not want to eat them again, that is too disgusting." Living treasure door sniffed after sneezing, feeling extremely satisfied.


 Shang Yan Fei kept these items, before sighing: "Can we get to business now?"


 "Of course, of course, what does Little Fei Fei want?" Living treasure door’s mood was much better.


 "I remember that there is still a rank five man triumphing heaven Gu, I want to exchange for it." Shang Yan Fei replied.


 Living treasure door showed a curious gaze: "Man triumphing heaven Gu, it has the ability to defy heaven and change fate, forcefully awakening an aperture for those mortals without cultivating talent. This Gu is extremely precious, Little Fei Fei, although we have a close friendship, and you have dug my nose many times, the treasure realm’s rules cannot be defied. If you want to exchange for this Gu, you will need to offer a Gu with even greater value to the treasure realm."


 "Can you stop mentioning the digging of your nose?" Shang Yan Fei’s veins were popping as he called out a Gu.


 This Gu was like a baby’s palm, tender and plump, while clear as crystal. There were red blood veins within the palm, causing the palm to emit a ghostly aura.


 Living treasure door saw this Gu and exclaimed: "Eh, you are giving up the blood handprint Gu? Little Fei Fei, I remember this is one of your most useful Gu. Weren’t you collecting the blood sea inheritance? Have you given up your aspiration from young?"


 Shang Yan Fei sighed helplessly: "The total number of blood sea inheritances are almost uncountable, yet the true inheritances are hidden among them, the difficulty is simply too high. Even if I use the Shang clan to investigate, after all these years, I have only gotten two of them. I want the man triumphing heaven Gu, but my other precious Gu cannot be given up, I have to temporarily sacrifice the blood handprint Gu. Someday, I might come back to redeem it."


 Shang Yan Fei’s Gu worms were mostly from the blood sea inheritance, causing him to specialize in the bloodline path.


 Because of this, when Shang Xin Ci entered Shang clan city, he could detect it immediately.


 "Okay then, since you’ve made your decision." Living treasure door opened its mouth, and swallowed the blood handprint Gu."


 Gulp.


 With a loud sound, the blood handprint Gu entered the treasure realm.


 Next, it regurgitated, and opened its mouth, throwing up one Gu.


 This Gu was like a thousand year ginseng, with many roots and a yellow body. Its lustre was dim, as the upper part resembled a body, but the lower part diverged, like a pair of legs.


 This was the man triumphing heaven Gu.


 "Quickly refine it, once out of the treasure realm, in three breaths, this Gu will regain its wild nature. It will be too difficult to refine it then." Living treasure door urged.


 Shang Yan Fei nodded, and activated his purple crystal primeval essence, instantly refining this man triumphing heaven Gu.


 "Hehehe, with this Gu, I can awaken Ci Er’s aperture! Now, I just need a few more Gu to raise her aptitude, and assist her to cultivate. Then, I can recruit Fang and Bai, to act as her wings. Ci Er, I will make sure you are happy, but in this world, strength is the prerequisite to all happiness!" Shang Yan Fei kept the man triumphing heaven Gu, as his emotions surged.


 "I am leaving, living treasure door." He said to the door.


 "Hey, hey, hey, so soon? Stay and talk to me, I am really bored to death." Living treasure door anxiously asked.


 But the blood flames flickered, and Shang Yan Fei vanished.


 "Ah, this scoundrel, he left me alone again. I am so pitiful, so bored, so tired..." Living treasure door’s grumblings could be heard echoing in the walkway.


 ...


 Another feast with fine wine and delicious food, as people interacted in a heated atmosphere.


 "Brother Wei, brother Xiao Yan, come, another glass!" Fang Yuan stood up and shouted loudly as he raised his glass, while Bai Ning Bing watched emotionlessly as she ate her food.


 Wei Yang, Xiao Yan raised their glasses at the same time, as the three glasses collided roughly, causing the wine to spill all over the table and dishes.


 Back at the battle zone, Fang Yuan wanted to treat them to dinner, but Xiao Yan took the initiative to do so. This time, he kept his word, inviting these two to a feast at a huge restaurant.


 "To think that brother Fang Zheng would be the one who saved Shang clan leader’s precious daughter. Good people truly get rewarded . Purple thorn token, hehe, I am extremely envious." Xiao Yan was a cheerful and honest person, not hiding his envy at all.


 He had lived in Shang clan city for many years, he knew what the purple thorn token entailed.


 Wei Yang put down his glass: "What are the two of you going to do from now on?"


 Fang Yuan then answered: "We plan to stay in Shang clan city for a while, and sell the useless Gu we have. Next, we will buy a set of complementary Gu worms."


 "Excellent, that is the proper thing to do. If you did not have such plans, I would have reminded you to do so anyway." Wei Yang raised his thumb as he cheered in his heart, Fang and Bai staying here meant that there was a greater chance of recruiting them.


 "If the both of you do not mind, you can tell us your plans. Big brother Wei is very knowledgeable, he can give you good advice. My fire Gu path was also recommended by big brother Wei." Xiao Yan said at the corner.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Hope you guys laughed. Now, it’s time for the knowledgeable big brother to teach Fang Yuan how to cultivate.



***
Chapter 275: Strength Path and Ice Path


***





 Chapter 275: Strength Path and Ice Path


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Nurture, use and refinement, those were the three aspects of a Gu Master’s cultivation.


 No matter which aspect, they were extremely profound, and each contained knowledge that was wide as the sea. Many people spent their entire lives without venturing fully into one of them.


 "Please advise me brother Wei." At the feast, Fang Yuan cupped his fists.


 "We hit it off so well, I shall not beat around the bush." Wei Yang cleared his throat, before officially teaching: "From the general aspect, Gu Masters are split into nine ranks, rank one to five are mortal, while six to nine are immortal. Among ten million Gu Masters, not even one might become an immortal. It is too tough to become one, even recognised geniuses may not reach it. But let’s not talk about immortals, but focus on mortals."


 "The five mortal ranks, rank one and two are beginners, and rank four to five are a high level fighting force. Rank three is in the middle, it is what connects the two. By this point, both of you are already full-fledged Gu Masters, rank three is the most important stage, because here, you will build upon your foundations, and choose the right direction to advance, it will definitely result in a better future for you."


 "By rank three, a Gu Master’s strength is already a force to be reckoned with. In many villages, rank three are clan elders. At this stage, the Gu Master has to determine the direction they want to go, and create a set of Gu worms along that line. If you want to be a support Gu Master, your Gu worms will be mainly storage type. If you want to be an investigative Gu Master, the core of your Gu worms will be investigative types. If you want a future in Gu refinement, you can choose to work on existing recipes to create your own new recipe. If someone likes to plot, they can collect thinking-assist type Gu worms, like the lightning thoughts Gu or the immortal showing the way Gu."


 Wei Yang introduced again.


 The so called direction refers to attack, defense, healing, storage, movement, and investigative, the six aspects.


 Healing Gu Masters were known as doctors, having a grand status. Storage Gu Masters were support Gu masters, every force and clan needed them.


 Wei Yang was a movement type Gu Master, his core Gu worm was the rainbow light Gu.


 Of course, other than these six, there were other smaller branches.


 Like a Gu Master specializing in substitute refinement, they had Gu worms that increased refinement speed or helped to weaken the Gu worm’s will.


 Or maybe those Gu Masters who specialized in catching Gu, they were good at finding and capturing wild Gu worms.


 All in all, by rank three, Gu masters would have started to classify into their specific classes, and they become more specialized, becoming an expert in one domain.


 Saying so, Wei Yang paused, then looked at Fang and Bai, asking: "Have both of you thought about your advancement direction?"


 "Attack." Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing said at the same time with no hesitation.


 The two were focused on attack, they had an inborn fighting nature, and could not be easily subdued.


 Wei Yang nodded, not surprised at all, he had seen many people, and could guess their choices.


 He continued: "Then next, you have to choose Gu worms, and form a set, a group of Gu worms that chains into one system."


 Forming a set of Gu worms had many benefits.


 Firstly, in terms of feeding, similar Gu worms had similar requirement for food, it was easier to collect, store and trade for these food.


 Next, in terms of use, Gu worms could be used together and increase their ability or cover up their weaknesses. For example: Wei Yang’s rainbow light Gu had great expenditure issues, but using the light source Gu, it reduced the weakness.


 Lastly, in terms of refinement, placing similar Gu worms together to refine them into higher ranks, it not only saves money, but also has higher chances of success compared to refining an array of Gu worms.


 "Both of you chose attack, then without doubt, an attack type Gu will have to be your core. Other Gu worms will have to support this core. Take for example Little Xiao, he chose the red fire Gu as his main attack method, then I advised him to use the duplicate Gu, to increase the number of his flames. I next chose the enlarge Gu, causing the flame to enlarge in size and become stronger. After that, I chose the fire source Gu, to reduce his primeval essence expenditure. Lastly, I chose the fire discharge Gu, as his movement type Gu." Wei Yang patted Xiao Yan’s shoulders as he said.


 Xiao Yan purposely showed a bitter expression: "Big brother Wei, you dug up all my secrets."


 Wei Yang did not mind it: "Haha, your secrets are well known to everyone. Among the people in the battle stage now, who does not know what Gu you own?"


 Wei Yang then turned to Fang Yuan: "It is no matter even if your Gu worms are exposed; as long as you pair it well, you can deal with all situations. Your core Gu worm is the foundation of the entire set. Have you thought of what attack type Gu worms you want to use as your core?"


 Fang Yuan clenched his fist: "Before this, i have already used many Gu to raise my strength. Strength is my advantage, I want to continue on it, and crush my foes with overwhelming strength."


 Bai Ning Bing said the name of a Gu: "Frost demon Gu."


 Speaking of which, Bai Ning Bing had a rank three frost demon Gu in the past, it allowed the Gu Master to turn into the frost demon, Bai Ning Bing had a great compatibility with it.


 But during the battle with Gu Yue Qing Shu, it was destroyed.


 This caused Bai Ning Bing to still have lingering emotions towards the Gu.


 Wei Yang heard this and frowned: "You want to go on the strength path and ice path... For ice path, the advantage lies in defense. Frost demon Gu, snow fairy Gu, ice crystal Gu, these are the three most famous transformation type Gu. Frost demon Gu and snow fairy Gu are for women, while ice crystal Gu is more suited for men."


 "As for Fang Zheng’s strength path..." Wei Yang shook his head: "I’m not trying to discourage you, but this would not work. The strength path is the most common route people choose, why is that? Because it is cheap and affordable, most of the Gu related to the strength path are cheap, but because of this, the Gu Masters do not stand out and are very ordinary."


 "I’ll tell you the truth, I tried the strength path in the past, but wasted a lot of primeval stones later to remove the increased strength in my body. Most demonic Gu Masters lack resources, and use the strength path as a stepping stone. But brother Fang Zheng, you have the purple thorn token and hundreds of thousands of primeval stones, you do not have to take this narrow path, the strength path makes it hard to succeed in life!"


 Hearing Wei Yang’s words, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other, nodding.


 Wei Yang smiled, he did not waste his efforts.


 Xiao Yan laughed too: "After hearing brother Wei’s words, I have gained much insight as well."


 "Brother Wei makes sense, but I still want to walk on the strength path." Fang Yuan cupped his fist.


 "Yes, I have decided to give up on the frost demon Gu, and choose the ice crystal Gu!" Beside him, Bai Ning Bing also made her decision.


 "Huh..." Wei Yang’s smile froze on his face.


 "Hey, hey, hey, did you listen to what he said at all." Xiao Yan shouted.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled as determination shone across her eyes.


 Precisely because the ice crystal Gu is suited for males, that is why I chose it, heh.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: "I am thankful to brother Wei for the advice, but I still like the strength path. Others might not achieve success out of it, but if I can, doesn’t that show my superiority? Hahaha, challenges lie in difficulty, and there is only a sense of accomplishment if there is a challenge. I was hesitant before, but now that brother Wei has said it, I am definitely choosing this!"


 Choosing the strength path was part of Fang Yuan’s plans; it involves the three kings inheritance in a few years.


 Of course, he cannot mention that to anyone.


 "You two..." Xiao Yan stared in a daze, unsure of what to say.


 "This... you have to reconsider, this is not a joke!" Wei Yang’s expression was solemn, his tone was anxious, he did not expect his heartfelt advice to work in the opposite direction.


 "No need to say anything else brother Wei, paths are made by men, my decision is final. Hahaha, let’s continue drinking." Fang Yuan said, showing his determination, causing Wei Yang to swallow his words.


 "Sigh..." Wei Yang lifted his glass helplessly, but swore in his heart, that he had to convince them otherwise.


 Especially this Fang Zheng, he was truly messing around! Treating his future as a game, he should not do this. At this rate, it would put his superior aptitude to waste!


 Wei Yang really could not stand it.


 He had to quickly adjust Fang Zheng’s mindset, this was a future star that the clan leader wanted to recruit.


 After the banquet ended, and the nagging Wei Yang left together with Xiao Yan, Fang and Bai arrived at the Gu shop.


 After showing their purple thorn token, Bai Ning Bing spent twenty-eight thousand primeval stones and bought the rank three ice crystal Gu.


 Fang Yuan chose a rank two brown bear innate strength Gu, spending four thousand one hundred primeval stones.


 "You really intend to make the ice crystal Gu your vital Gu?" Out of the shop, Fang Yuan frowned and asked.


 Bai Ning Bing knew what he truly meant, she was rank three peak stage, if she advanced further, it would be rank four realm. She can totally purchase a rank four Gu worm in advance instead.


 But Bai Ning Bing shook her head, her expression grim: "I do not intend to advance to rank four, just yesterday, I found that my aptitude rose by one percent again."


 The northern dark ice soul physique was a curse coiling around Bai Ning Bing.


 As she continued to cultivate, Bai Ning Bing’s aptitude would eventually return to a hundred percent, regaining the ten extreme physique status.


 Thus, she would rather give up on advancing.


 Rank four yellow gold primeval essence had better quality than white silver primeval essence, it could nurture the aperture better and would cause Bai Ning Bing"s aptitude to recover more quickly.


 Fang Yuan’s steps halted: "Is that so, in that case, you can’t live without the Yang Gu in my hands. Hehehe, maybe you can go to Feng Yu Manor and ask them. They specialize in selling information, they might have what you need."


 "You are not going with me?" Bai Ning Bing stopped, looking at Fang Yuan.


 "I am going to walk around the gambling den." Fang Yuan laughed.


 "Alright."


 Seeing Bai Ning Bing walk away, Fang Yuan’s smile vanished.


 He returned to the shop: "Shopkeeper, I forgot to buy some things earlier, do you have them?"


 He gave a list.


 Shopkeeper did not dare to make a purple thorn token owner wait, he quickly looked at the list and nodded: "Yes esteemed guest, we have them all."


 "Good, prepare one portion for me, immediately!"


 "Yes, yes, yes."


 A moment later, he walked out of the backdoor of the shop, and went into another path, going to a lower level and arriving at the gambling den.


 "Now then, let me see that sealed legendary Gu fossil." Moving according to his memories, Fang Yuan entered an extravagant gambling den.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 A truly helpful lesson.



***
Chapter 276: Stellar Stone


***





 Chapter 276: Stellar Stone


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 It was a black rock.


 The size of a person’s face, the black rock’s surface glowed with bits of blue light.


 At one glance, it resembled the stars shining in the night sky.


 This was a stellar stone.


 But different from the surrounding stellar stones, this one was cubic and looked like a brick.


 But this rock, buried in a pile, was that legendary Gu that someone obtained. And that lucky person, from someone unknown, he became a famous strength path Gu Master all due to this Gu, causing everyone to look in envy.


 Fang Yuan stood here, observing the surroundings, instantly understanding why no one cared about this rock.


 This was an extravagant large sized gambling den, and had great business.


 Although it was third inner city, there was human crowd around it.


 Gambling rocks were classified into five categories; scrap, low, medium, high, and super grade.


 At scrap grade, each rock was sold for over ten primeval stones. Low grade rocks were around a hundred primeval stones, medium grade were a thousand, high grade were ten thousand, and super grade were a few hundred thousand per piece.


 And this stellar stone was of scrap grade.


 Scrap grade gambling rocks were the ones most looked down on. Most were solid on the inside, even if there was a Gu, it was mostly dead carcasses.


 Especially after the demonic Gu Master Wei Shen Jing’s appearance, it caused the scrap grade rocks’ market value to be severely affected.


 Wei Shen Jing was skilled at creating counterfeit items, called the Counterfeit Master by people.


 He had once sold large amounts of counterfeit scrap grade gambling rocks, causing almost all large clans to post his arrest warrant. In the southern border, he was hated by everybody.


 This caused the scrap grade gambling rocks to become even more unpopular, but it was not completely ignored.


 Sometimes, when Gu Masters were in the mood when they were shopping, they would engage in small gambles for fun. Buying a few scrap grade gambling rocks, just for entertainment. Other than that, professional gamblers also used them for practice.


 After all, scrap grade gambling rocks were cheap, to some Gu Masters, there was no pain in losing the gamble.


 But the problem was, this is third inner city.


 Here, most Gu Masters were rank three.


 Rank three was clan elder level, at this stage, most had their own assets. Even if they were practising, the would choose low grade rocks which had a much higher chance of winning.


 Scrap grade rocks were an insult to them.


 Despite so, in such a large gambling den, which was overflowing with people, there were certain Gu Masters who had their attention on these scrap rocks.


 But still...


 "Hehehe, how would they guess, that the stellar stone used to support a leg of this counter would hide a legendary Gu worm." Fang Yuan laughed in his heart.


 Indeed, this stellar stone was used to fix a shaky counter, placed below one of its legs.


 People moved about, but who would notice an ordinary counter out of tens of rows of counters at the scrap rock area.


 These counters were filled with scrap grade rocks, one piled on top of another. They were so cheap it was like the rows of vegetables and fruits in a market back on Earth.


 None of the Gu Masters who came here placed their sights on these scrap grade gambling rocks.


 Thus, this stellar stone became unnoticed, and eventually gathered a layer of dust, causing it to be even more unappealing.


 No one knew when this stellar stone started being used as counter support, but during this period, an uncountable number of people walked past it daily.


 Until one day.


 A down-and-out Gu Master, came here, and tripped at this counter.


 To be honest, this Gu Master should be blamed for not looking at where he’s going. The counter was an inanimate object, so many Gu Masters walked past it daily but no one had ever been tripped by it.


 Like a lamp post, it stood straight on the street, being no obstacle to men, but some people tend to knock onto it for no reason. Can you blame the lamp post for that?


 But no matter what world it is, reasons do not resolve arguments, only strength does.


 A farmer raised a rooster, but it was so noisy the farmer could not get his nap. Feeling angered, the farmer slaughtered the rooster, there was seemingly nothing wrong with that.


 No matter which world, the stronger person only had to relent a little to resolve conflicts. But the eventual settlement of the issue would often result in the stronger person not giving in, and the weaker person would pay a heavy price.


 The Gu Master was tripped, even though he did not fall down, he was angry. He vented his anger on this piece of rock.


 Since you dared to trip me, I will slice you open!


 Thus, the Gu Master bought this rock, and dissected it in public.


 And then, the legendary Gu appeared in this world.


 It was a very dramatic incident, but precisely because it was so dramatic that people passed around the story in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 And now, this incident has not happened yet.


 This stellar stone, was still used as a counter support, quietly and silently awaiting its fate.


 And Fang Yuan’s feet, was only two inches from it.


 "Dear customer, is this your first time here?" A clerk walked over seeing Fang Yuan’s dazed expression, he was not aware Fang Yuan was looking at this rock with the corner of his eye.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, saying: "Yeah I guess." If he did not consider his previous life, this was the second time he was at a gambling den.


 Newbie.


 Easy to trick!


 The clerk’s smile became extremely bright: "Please come inside, to speak the truth, the rocks here are the cheapest, but nothing cheap is good. They have poor quality, and are of all shapes and sizes, what can you get out of them? Let me introduce for you, customer."


 "Oh? Then talk." Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised as he followed the clerk into the gambling den.


 "Customer, do you know how gambling rocks are formed?" The clerk walked ahead as he looked back and asked.


 Before Fang Yuan replied, he answered already: "As the saying goes, Man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth . Man has great inspiration and thus are able to innovate. They have the highest intelligence, and can create many things, many new Gu worms that do not originate from nature. Gu is the essence of heaven and earth, they have little intelligence, but their tiny bodies contain the law fragments of the Great Dao."


 "Heaven and earth always leaves a chance of survival, some Gu worms get gravely injured, or run out of food, they might go into hibernation. Through long periods of time, a rock layer would form around their bodies. The rock gets thicker, and thicker, until it gains substantial mass. As time passes, more and more layers form, until a fossil is created. These rocks wrap around the Gu worms, and due to the influence of the law fragments in the Gu worms, they become different from other rocks, and look very different compared to the surrounding soil. People find these fossils, and collect them, this is the truth of the gambling rock that you see before you."


 Fang Yuan nodded, as he walked, he answered: "Hmm, I’ve heard of the story of the gambling rock before."


 The deeper he went into the gambling den, the more Gu Masters he saw.


 Many Gu Masters were picking rocks, or discussing quietly.


 The gambling stage and empty spaces felt even more silent due to the soft discussions.


 The clerk calmly said: "Since customer wants to gamble, you cannot be rash about it. We might be a gambling den, but we do not scam our customers. We have to let you gamble with a peace of mind, and be informed about your decisions. Here, we sell old man stones, pushing cart stones, stellar stones, cold ice stones. Each rock are split into five grades according to quality, and have different prices. It ranges from over a hundred thousand to a few primeval stones."


 "Customer, the area you were at earlier was the cheapest scrap grade area, I did not recommend you to buy from there because the quality there is the worst, let’s take the stellar stone for example."


 "In the stellar stone, starlight type Gu are the most commonly seen. These Gu contain the law of the stars, thus, the fossil develops markings that resembles shining stars. Among star type Gu, the most commonly seen are the rank one star dart Gu, thus the fossil would become the shape of a dart. If it is the star arrow Gu, the fossil would be long and have a pointy tip and a spreading end. There is also the shooting star Gu, the fossil would be round but carries a tail. There is a very high chance of having a Gu within rocks of these shapes."


 "Of course, other than the appearance, there are many other elements, like the number of shining stars, the more there are, the more likely there is a Gu within, and the higher rank it could be. Customer, what you are seeing now, are medium grade rocks. You will discover that better grade rocks are better. Of course, the price is steeper."


 "Yes, that is indeed so." Fang Yuan casually remarked.


 The clerk used a proud tone as he said: "Our shop has the most talented rock dissecting masters, they have at least twenty years of experience. There is a Master Duan, he specializes in using acid to dissect the rocks, having over fifty years of experience."


 "I strongly advise you to dissect the rock in our shop after choosing your gambling rock. The rock dissecting master are professionals, and they have a set of Gu worms specially used to dissect rocks."


 "The method of dissecting has to be appropriate, like for the stellar stone, magnetism should be used. For old man stone, acid should be used."


 "If there is a Gu within the gambling rock, they are extremely weak. If a wrong method is used to excavate them, it can deal a fatal blow to them, it would be too late then."


 "Customer, if you choose rocks from the high and super grade area, we can dissect the rock for you for free. If you choose from low or medium grade, you will have to pay yourself. For scrap grade, hehe, we do not advise you to waste money hiring a dissecting master. The cost of hiring him would greatly exceed the price of the rocks itself."


 Back on Qing Mao mountain, when Jia clan caravan came, Fang Yuan once dissected the purple gold rock for himself.


 But his method, was simply brute force.


 Thankfully, the purple gold rock was softer, the mudskin toad had a strong life force, of course, it also had to do with Fang Yuan’s great experience.


 Rock dissecting cannot be done through brute force, it would easily murder the Gu worm inside.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to dissect rocks, he would need to employ the rock dissecting masters in this shop.


 After one round, Fang Yuan chose a few rocks at the low grade area. Old man stones, pushing cart stones, and stellar stones, a few of each.


 The clerk was disappointed, after spending so much effort in speaking and encouraging, trying to convince Fang Yuan to buy a few high grade rocks, but how could Fang Yuan fall for this.


 Getting this result after such a long time, the clerk spoke listlessly: "Dear customer, do you have a token? If it is a yellow pear token and above, there are discounts available. Please show me your token if you have one."


 Soon after, his expression changed, as he opened his mouth wide, his eyes about to fall off.


 "Purple thorn token? Oh my god!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Something something recognise Mount Tai. Anyway, we rank 50 yesterday so to celebrate... there will be another chapter in 2 hours.



***
Chapter 277: Vigilance and Endurance


***





 Chapter 277: Vigilance and Endurance


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The purple thorn token was letting out a dreamy and illusionary light.


 The clerk stared at this token closely, his expression sluggish as he was lost for words.


 After a long while, he came back to his senses and respectfully said: "Esteemed guest, please forgive me for being blind! Please wait a moment, I will go call the shopkeeper."


 The shopkeeper was a middle-aged white fatty who ran in flustering when he heard a purple thorn token holder appeared.


 He immediately bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan: "Esteemed guest, your presence brings light to this little shop!"


 Fang Yuan pointed at the rocks he chose and said indifferently: "I have chosen some rocks, I will have to trouble you guys to dissect them."


 The shopkeeper was stupefied when he looked at the rocks, how could they all be low grades?


 He could not help quickly glancing at the clerk with a reproachful gaze: ’Those with purple thorn tokens are all important characters, big clients, you actually let him choose these rocks?’


 The clerk stood uneasily at the side, words stuck at his throat.


 The shopkeeper bowed his head towards Fang Yuan: "Esteemed guest, you don’t need to worry about dissecting the rocks. Purple thorn token holders can have rocks dissected free of charge in rock gambling zone. After calculating the discounts for these rocks, it comes down to six hundred and fifty primeval stones."


 "I know the rock gambling rules, pay first before dissecting the rocks." Fang Yuan nodded and took out the primeval stones from primeval elder Gu.


 The shopkeeper swifty received the primeval stones and turned towards the clerk: "Go and call Great Master Duan, Master Huang, Master Zhang, Master Zhao and Master Ma here quickly."


 He then turned towards Fang Yuan: "Esteemed guest, rock dissection counter is inside, let’s wait there."


 The five old masters at dissecting rocks were resting at the small courtyard behind the rock gambling den. At their levels, they couldn’t be bothered with dissecting normal gambling rocks. Those in charge of dissecting normal rocks were their disciples or some young Gu Masters.


 The clerk ran all the way to the courtyard and explained the purpose of his visit.


 "Oh, requesting all five of us to go?" The five old masters’ gaze shone with radiance.


 "Could it be someone bought those few super grade gambling rocks?" The old masters immediately felt their hands itching.


 The clerk shook his head: "It is only some low grade gambling rocks."


 The old masters expressions changed into an unhappy one.


 Great Master Duan snorted coldly.


 Asking them to dissect low grade gambling rocks was simply an insult and contempt towards their identities.


 But the clerk immediately followed: "The person has a very high status and possesses the purple thorn token. So the shopkeeper intentionally asked me to call all five masters!"


 "What, purple thorn token?"


 "Are you sure?"


 "Shang Clan has existed for thousands of years but the number of purple thorn tokens it has given out is mere a few hundred. And now, someone who holds a purple thorn token appears?"


 "Quickly, what are you being dazed for?"


 The five Gu Masters hurriedly ran out of the courtyard and walked up the platform.


 On the work platform, the young rock dissecting masters got a little shock, and quickly greeted them.


 The old masters waved their hands and made these juniors get down from the platform.


 This scene quickly attracted the bystanders’ attention and soon many gazes were casted here.


 The curious nature of people aroused and they began discussing in whispered tones.


 "What is going on here?"


 "All five masters have appeared together, this is a rarely seen sight."


 "Could it be someone bought a batch of super grade gambling rocks?"


 Fang Yuan was accompanied by the shopkeeper and was already before the rock dissection counter with the crowd. However he did not go forward, and just gazed from afar to maintain a low profile. But the five old masters were astute and saw the shopkeeper following a young man like an attendant, how could they still not recognize Fang Yuan’s identity?


 However, Fang Yuan remained gazing from afar and did not walk towards the platform.


 The five old masters thought: ’it seems this young master doesn’t want to show off."


 This was also normal.


 Many people behaved the same before dissecting rocks because they would have no face if they lost the gamble!


 "I have to do this properly and leave behind a deep impression in this esteemed guest, having a connection with someone of higher status would be great." The five old masters were all scheming in their mind and rubbing their hands, eager to try it out at that thought.


 The rocks Fang Yuan chose was delivered by the clerk.


 The spectators couldn’t believe their eyes when they saw these rocks.


 "What? These are only some low grade rocks!"


 "I am not seeing it wrongly, right? These damaged rocks..."


 "Making the old masters dissect low grade gambling rocks, this is simply an insult to them."


 But what made them even more surprised and stare with their eyes wide open was the following scene.


 The five old masters held these gambling rocks and placed them carefully on the stone platform. Their expressions were very serious as they did this, then they summoned their respective Gu worms and began dissecting the rocks.


 Most of the five old masters were at rank two peak stage while great master Duan was the only one in rank three. For a moment, the appearance of different Gu worms stunned the crowd.


 "What in the world is going on!"


 "Could it be these rocks have a long history behind them and aren’t as simple as they look?"


 "I have never seen the five old masters look this cautious and serious."


 ...


 On the platform, Gu worms flew about as the five old masters showed off their unique methods.


 Great master Duan whose cultivation was the highest was known as a great expert in dissecting rocks in the rock gambling den. He specialised in using acid to dissect rocks. He took out a king-sized bowl then summoned a snake Gu which spurted out acidic liquid into the bowl.


 He then carefully put a gambling rock into the acid.


 Bubbles continuously formed and popped in the acid.


 After quite a while, with his hands covered in a layer of light, he took out the gambling rock which had shrunk by half. He then placed it into another type of acid.


 Master Zhang used magnetism to dissect the rocks. His palms faced each other and the gambling rock was put in between them; the gambling rock floated in air and bits of rocks was continually extracted by the power of magnetism.


 As for other masters; one called out a frog Gu which used its tongue to lick the gambling rock. Another used fire to roast the rock, and another controlled a small whirlwind to cut down the gambling rock.


 The group of young rock dissecting Gu Masters watched from behind the old masters with a stunned gaze.


 Why was there a need for such a great fanfare for some low grade gambling rocks? It was simply using an ox-cleaver to carve a chicken or using a talented person for an insignificant task!


 ’Could it be the old masters have some hidden intent for doing doing this? It won’t do, I need to observe it properly.’


 The results, however, made everyone flabbergasted. After the dissection, these low grade gambling rocks didn’t have anything impressive; it was either solid rock or hollow inside, there was not even a dead Gu.


 "What the! I thought there was something special going on."


 "So they were all ordinary low grade rocks."


 "Why were these old masters in such a hurry for? They really wasted my time..."


 The surrounding spectators were greatly disappointed and stormed out.


 The shopkeeper’s face paled as he heard these remarks. In the past, he would have been really happy if the gamblers didn’t get any Gu worms from the gambling rocks they chose. But now, he really wished he could stuff in some Gu worms inside the rocks.


 Purple thorn token holders could not be easily offended!


 He cautiously looked at Fang Yuan thinking of something to say to comfort him.


 However, Fang Yuan was smiling: "No matter, it seems my luck isn’t good today, so I will stop now. I will come again another time."


 The shopkeeper and the clerk respectfully accompanied Fang Yuan towards the door.


 They were even thinking of accompanying him out to the streets, but were stopped by Fang Yuan.


 Only after Fang Yuan’s figure disappeared in the street, did the shopkeeper lift up his bent back. He turned towards the clerk and gave a strong knock on his head, scolding him for neglecting an esteemed guest!


 The clerk rubbed his head in pain, but did not dare to say anything.


 Fang Yuan’s purpose in coming here today was only to probe.


 Now, since he found his target, his visit today was already achieved. But he couldn’t directly take the stellar stone out, he would have to take twists and turns.


 Fang Yuan needed to dissect the stellar stone to get the Gu, but he didn’t have any ways to dissect it by himself. Collecting a set of specialized rock dissecting Gu worms would be too much of a waste, thus he would have to let the old Gu Masters in the rock gambling den take care of it.


 It would only lead to a commotion if the old Gu Masters dissected the rock in front of everybody. And requesting them to secretly dissect the rock by using purple thorn token was also not appropriate and would only create suspicions.


 If Fang Yuan got a legendary Gu worm right off the start, it would mean his luck was way too good.


 Fang Yuan had no doubts of the huge influence of Shang Clan. With the recent investigation on him Shang Yan Fei probably knew about Fang Yuan winning the mudskin toad in rock gambling in Jia Clan’s caravan.


 Winning a mudskin toad on his first gamble and a legendary Gu in his next; a smart man like Shang Yan Fei would definitely be suspicious.


 The profits involved in rock gambling was huge; if Shang Yan Fei doubted Fang Yuan had some ways to check if the rocks had Gu worms in them or not, he was bound to be tempted and even make his move.


 Fang Yuan had no such methods, but no matter what, some Gu worms on him could never be exposed.


 Especially Spring Autumn Cicada.


 And on Shang Liang mountain, Shang Yan Fei was not the main threat. The real main threat were the rank six Gu Masters.


 Almost all the overlord level forces had rank six Gu Masters behind them.


 When a Gu Master reached rank six, they would dwell in deep seclusion and rarely come out; one secluded cultivation could last for dozens of years. It was all because their strength would continue to experience a qualitative change and they had their own problems to take care of.


 But it would all change if Spring Autumn Cicada was exposed; these rank six Gu Masters were bound to come charging in.


 ’A little impatience can spoil great plans.’


 Fang Yuan was cautious by nature, how could he make such big mistakes in these small places?


 He would put an end to all risks that could expose Spring Autumn Cicada, even if that meant there was a risk for the stellar stone to be discovered.


 According to his previous life’s memories, the probability of the legendary Gu being discovered was infinitesimally small. But even if it was discovered, Fang Yuan had already planned for it and it was better than attracting suspicions on himself and risk the exposure of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 "Now, I will stroll around the rock gambling zone for few days and buys some gambling rocks to leave behind an impression on people."


 Fang Yuan continued to scheme while walking back to Nan Qiu garden.


 Bai Ning Bing was already back from Feng Yu Manor.


 "I have been waiting for you." She took out the ice crystal Gu and gave to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used the aura of Spring Autumn Cicada to refine it then threw it back to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing would help him in cultivation and he would help Bai Ning Bing in refining Gu; this was one of the terms in poison vow.


 Bai Ning Bing took the ice crystal Gu and walked to a secret room to refine it.


 Fang Yuan also walked to another secret room and began refining a Gu.


 The name of the Gu — Eating one’s words.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 I think it’s pretty clear what he’s doing now. (For those who said he uses a certain aura of a certain Gu)



***
Chapter 278: What naivety!


***





 Chapter 278: What naivety!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Starlight shone on the secret room.


 Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on his mat and started refining his Gu.


 After he parted with Bai Ning Bing, he went to the shop again and bought all that he needed to refine the eating one’s words Gu. Of course, to prevent his secret recipe from being exposed and hide his true intentions, he bought some unnecessary materials as well.


 He willed, and summoned a Gu.


 This Gu was round like a ball, fist sized and orange in color. The surface was wrinkled and thick, giving an unpleasant feeling at touch.


 This was a rank one smelly fart Gu.


 Its only use was to emit a foul odor and possessed no attacking power.


 However, even though this Gu has little to no use on its own, it was a widely used refinement material.


 Fang Yuan injected light silver primeval essence, causing the smelly fart Gu’s body to expand and float in the air.


 At the same time, he opened an urn in front of him.


 At once, a rotten smell spread on the room.


 In this urn, there was rotting swamp mud - black and gooey. This mud was also a widely used refinement material.


 "Rice bag, go." Fang Yuan willed, and a seed flew out of his aperture.


 The seed was planted into the mud, and as his primeval sea level fell, dark green vines grew out of the rotten mud.


 The vines continued to extend and grow out of the urn; after around 60 centimeters, leaves started to grow on it.


 These leaves were bucket shaped. They were small at first, but grew to the size of a bowl quickly.


 Fang Yuan peeled the leaf from the top of these buckets, revealing the white delicious rice kernels within.


 However, Fang Yuan did not take them out, but poured the rice grains into the rotting mud. He next lowered the smelly fart Gu, and multi-tasked, activating the rice bag grass and smelly fart Gu at the same time.


 The smelly fart Gu glowed in an orange light, while the rice bag grass gave off a green light; the two fused together eventually.


 The fusion light dimmed, as it went deep into the urn.


 The urn vibrated intensely, before finally stopping as a new Gu flew out of it; yellow-brown in color, like a lump of mud, it gave off a slight stench just like faeces.


 This was the defecate Gu.


 It might look unappealing, but it could cause people to suffer from diarrhoea. Many doctors used it to heal illnesses and for detoxification; this gu was very valuable.


 Fang Yuan was calm as always.


 Gu existed in all forms and sizes. It could be the pure and holy heavenly essence treasure lotus, the poetic and mysterious Spring Autumn Cicada, the evil and bizarre blood skull Gu. Without a doubt, one that was disgusting in appearance, smell and touch, such as the defecate Gu or smelly fart Gu existed as well.


 Refining the rank two defecate Gu was the first step.


 Next, Fang Yuan took out the big strength Gu, bought from the shop as well. This could increase a Gu Master’s strength for fifty breaths of time.


 Fang Yuan fused the big strength Gu and defecate Gu, successfully refining the big strength defecate Gu.


 Although the big strength defecate Gu was rank three, its purpose was the same as the defecate Gu, even looking similar but its effect was three times as strong.


 This Gu, however, was much less popular than its rank two counterpart.


 Gu worms were not necessarily better as they get higher in rank.


 Rank three Gu worms consumed much more food than their lower counterparts, although the big strength defecate Gu was more effective, the same effect could be achieved if one used the defecate Gu multiple times. There were also cases of misdiagnosis, where the big strength defecate Gu was used inappropriately and resulted in a person dying from excessive diarrhoea.


 Obtaining the big strength defecate Gu was the second step.


 Next, Fang Yuan took out the lion roar Gu.


 This Gu looked like a lion head, and once used, it summoned an image of a lion’s head, the size of a stone mill, and unleash the mighty lion’s roar. It was often used to send signals or scare away wild beasts. In battle, when used properly, it could cause the opposing Gu Master to lose their concentration.


 Fang Yuan used both the lion roar Gu and big strength defecate Gu.


 As a result, a weird scene appeared in the air; a lion head’s image opened its mouth and started to eat the big strength defecate Gu.


 But after eating a third of it, the lion roar Gu could not eat anymore, and the image was on the verge of collapsing.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan willed, and summoned a paper crane Gu, also bought from the shop.


 This Gu was split into light blue, dark green, pink and several other colors; it was especially used to send letters.


 The light blue color paper crane flew towards the lion roar Gu, and was swallowed by lion image.


 Doing three things at once!


 If outsiders saw this, they would scream out in shock.


 It would be impressive if ordinary Gu Masters could do two things at once. But three, few could do it, this was a display of a Gu Master’s extreme talent in refinement.


 Many ordinary Gu Masters required the use of Gu worms to be able to multitask.


 Fang Yuan used the lion roar Gu, big strength defecate Gu as well as the paper crane Gu using only his own mind.


 But to him, this was not talent, rather it was an accumulated experience.


 Any skills could be improved with practice. Fang Yuan spent five hundred years, slowly gaining experience, and trained for hundreds of years. From doing a single task at one time, it increased to two, then three, sometimes he could even do four things at once!


 Of course, any more and he would need an assistance Gu worm.


 After the lion head image swallowed the paper crane Gu, it no longer fizzled, but went back to original.


 Fang Yuan continued to will it to eat the big strength defecate Gu.


 After another one-third, the same thing happened, as the lion head image fizzled once again.


 Fang Yuan was not flustered and calmly called out the second deep green paper crane Gu.


 As with before, the lion head image started to become unstable again after it swallowed the entire big strength defecate Gu.


 Fang Yuan then used the third pink paper crane Gu.


 After swallowing it, the lion head image suddenly shrunk by more than half, and its white body started to glow in light blue, dark green, and pink. At the same time, the lion image started to chant: "Eat shit, eat shit..."


 The voice echoed in the room, causing Fang Yuan’s ears to buzz.


 He was not afraid of the sound leaking, as it was a special secret room with reinforced walls, isolating any sounds.


 He cheered in his heart, this Gu was finally completed!


 This was the eating one’s words Gu!


 But this eating one’s words Gu could only exist for ten breaths before it destroyed itself.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to waste any time, calling the eating one’s words Gu to his side.


 As the light blue, deep green, and pink color lights shone on him, Fang Yuan’s body started to produce a faint purple smoke.


 "Eat shit, eat shit..."


 The smoke trembled and moved about as the lion roared; in two breath’s time, the smoke gathered into the images of two poison vow Gu.


 Fang Yuan willed, and the lion head image opened its mouth, swallowing it. As it chewed, the poison vow Gu gave out an indignant cry, but it soon came to a stop.


 The lion head image opened its mouth again, swallowing the other poison vow Gu. As it chewed, the poison vow Gu was completely eliminated, not a trace of purple smoke remained on Fang Yuan.


 A few breaths later, the lion head image exploded into a three color rain in the air. The light rained down, causing the entire secret room to shine brilliantly.


 Fang Yuan stood among the light raindrops, revealing a cold smile as his lips curled up.


 Poison vow Gu?


 Hehehe... hahaha...


 Trying to restrict me with a poison vow Gu, how naive!


 However, they could not be blamed. In his previous life, this eating one’s words Gu only appeared two hundred years later.


 It originated from a tribe leader in the west desert, only spreading around the world after another few decades. After ten more years, someone finally invented the black and white paper Gu replacing the poison vow Gu; it could not be broken by the eating one’s words Gu.


 The eating one’s words Gu lost its effects, but in another few hundred years, the distorting black and white Gu appeared which was able to overrule the power of the black and white paper Gu.


 Poison vow Gu, eating one’s words Gu, black and white paper Gu, distorting black and white Gu, this was just a small segment of the struggle between agreements and breaking them. The struggle has been going on since the beginning of time and will continue into the future.


 Fang Yuan possessed five hundred years of experience, it was as if he was ahead of the world by five hundred years! It was not hard to overrule the poison vow Gu.


 Once the restraints were gone, Fang Yuan felt relaxed. Most importantly, he only removed his side of the vow, thus, Shang Ya Zi and Bai Ning Bing still had the restraints of the poison vow Gu on them.


 This way, Fang Yuan held the complete advantage against these two people.


 "Shang Ya Zi is narrow-minded, after I extorted him like this, he will definitely take revenge. But I have already planned for that, I shall let him play around for now. As for Bai Ning Bing, now that you are dancing in the palm of my hands, I will make good use of you in the short run, there is no need to fall out yet."


 "These few days, after I gave away half my primeval stones, and bought many Gu, I spent over tens of thousands of primeval stones. Including the banquet treat, Nan Qiu garden’s rental, the expenses at the gambling den, and the food for Gu worms, I have only four hundred and twenty thousand left."


 If one did not have huge worries, they would worry about small things . Thinking about this, Fang Yuan frowned.


 He wanted to assemble a set of Gu worms, he might seem wealthy now, but it was not enough.


 Rank one Gu worms were around five hundred primeval stones. Rank two were five hundred to a thousand. Rank three ranged from a thousand to ten thousand.


 For rank four, it ranged from ten thousand to a hundred thousand. For rank five, it could range from a hundred thousand to a million.


 Rank six Gu has never been sold before.


 These prices were only for ordinary Gu. Some rare Gu like liquor worm had the price of a rank two Gu although they were rank one.


 The relic Gu was even more expensive. Green copper relic Gu was two thousand, red steel relic Gu was eight thousand, white silver relic Gu was fifty thousand, and the yellow gold relic Gu was close to three hundred thousand!


 Fang Yuan had four hundred and twenty thousand now, he could not even afford two yellow gold relic Gu.


 Relic Gu were natural Gu, they cannot be refined by Gu Masters. In many occasions, not even money could buy them.


 "I want to stay here for two-three years, four hundred and twenty thousand won’t even last me for a year. Gu Masters rely on resources to cultivate, the higher the rank, more the expenses. Next, I still have to spend a ton on the gambling den, I need to find a good way to earn money."


 Shang clan city was bustling and competition was intense, but chances were everywhere.


 As long as you had the ability, earning money was easy, but without ability, you will get eliminated.


 This was another law of nature, filled with cruel competition.


 Fang Yuan combined his previous life’s experiences, and his understanding of this life, already having an idea on how to earn primeval stones.


 That would be the battle stage.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Now THIS is why I called it eating one’s words Gu. Because Fang Yuan’s words are as good as _____.



***
Chapter 279: Attacking just like that?!


***





 Chapter 279: Attacking just like that?!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Wei Yang was distressed, he had been having a headache for the past few days.


 Shang Yan Fei wanted to recruit Fang and Bai, but even after Wei Yang’s probing, the two did not show a hint of interest in joining them.


 This was normal.


 They were youngsters. Hot-blooded and at the peak of their lives, having grand aspirations and did not want to be under anyone, always thinking that effort was the key to success in this world.


 Naive, so very naive.


 Wei Yang could understand, he went through this phase in his youth.


 Thus, he did not directly recruit Fang and Bai.


 Once he made it clear, and got rejected, there would be no way to salvage the situation. Wei Yang was a sly fox, he had already devised a plan to make the two slowly fall into his trap.


 He did not think of anything scheming or devious. For something like recruiting talents, the important thing was willingness. If they were forced, it would ruin the entire result.


 Especially after Wei Yang had interacted with these two for a few days, he knew they were not the type to give in.


 Thus, Wei Yang decided to take it slow as he influenced them gradually, using a righteous method to achieve victory.


 For this, he had great confidence.


 "What does a Gu Master’s cultivation rely on? Resources! It is easy for righteous Gu Masters, but for demonic Gu Masters... hehe."


 Wei Yang was once a demonic Gu Master, fighting his way out of the battle stage.


 He knew the hardships of being a demonic Gu Master.


 Gu Master’s cultivation could not steer away from primeval stones, Gu worms, and food to feed them. The higher the cultivation, the greater the need for them.


 At the start, Gu Masters could still fulfill this need using their own abilities.


 But later, they would find that the resources needed were too huge, and competition got more intense, sometimes they were even unable to procure food for themselves!


 When Wei Yang was rank one, he stepped into the battle stage. From rank one to two, then to three, the stronger he got, the weaker he felt.


 Like a scholar, the more he learned, the more ignorant he felt about himself. The stronger Wei Yang got, the more he knew how weak he was.


 An individual was so weak, only by relying on others, and relying on a clan, could one survive better.


 When he realized this, he accepted Shang Yan Fei’s offer.


 He had gone through this himself.


 "When Fang and Bai learn how weak they are alone, Shang clan’s recruitment will come to fulfilment. But before that, I cannot watch Fang Zheng step into the wrong path, this would expend his youth and effort, and put that great talent he has to waste!"


 In Wei Yang’s perspective, Fang Yuan choosing the strength path was a huge mistake.


 The hot-bloodedness and ignorance of youth.


 Strength path?


 From Shang clan battle stage, among those demonic Gu Masters who managed to make it out, which one used strength to dominate? None!


 Strength path is one for bottom feeders, it cannot help a Gu Master in succeeding.


 Thinking of relying on the strength path to make it big in life? Fat chance!


 Nonetheless, things did not advance as he wished.


 These days, Wei Yang had approached Fang Yuan and advised him many times, but each time, he was rejected as Fang Yuan kept a firm attitude.


 Wei Yang learnt just how stubborn Fang Yuan could be, after failing many times, he went back and considered it carefully, finally deciding on a new method of advising...


 This day, he came again.


 "Brother Wei, you are advising me to enter the battle stage, and participate in battles?" Fang Yuan showed a confused expression.


 "Yes, I relied on the battle stage, cultivating step by step, I will definitely share my good experience with you." Wei Yang gave a sincere gaze.


 Next, he lifted three fingers: "There are three benefits you can gain from entering the battle stage."


 "Firstly, you can earn a fortune. Each battle that you participate in, as long as you win, you can gain primeval stones. The more viewers you get, the more the primeval stones you earn."


 "Secondly, you can gain Gu worms. There is a rule in the battle stage, the winner can choose a Gu from the loser and take it from them."


 "Thirdly, entering the battle stage can train your battle tactics. At the same time, it examines the strength and cooperativeness of your Gu worms. It would help you to make the relevant adjustments."


 Fang Yuan heard Wei Yang’s final sentence, and understood in his heart.


 These days, Wei Yang had advised him to give up on the strength path, and change to another path. After failing, he decided to use an indirect method, using the battle stage to let Fang Yuan experience the weakness of the strength path, forcing him to give up on it.


 "The cultivation of the strength path was decided after a long and thorough analysis, it has great benefits for my future, how could I change it? But, the battle stage is also part of my plans..."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan nodded, agreeing with Wei Yang.


 Wei Yang was joyous: "Back when you fought with me, you only borrowed the use of the battle stage. Shang clan’s battle stage has a refined system, if you want to participate, you will need to sign up for it. Follow me!"


 Thus, the two came to fifth inner city’s battle zone.


 This was far more crowded than third inner city, as people moved about, all sorts of voices entered Fang Yuan’s ears, and an intense atmosphere assaulted him.


 "Did you hear? Li Hao won again, this is this thirteenth consecutive victory, before long, he would be able to rise to fourth inner city."


 "He has rank three cultivation, it is certain that he will enter fourth inner city."


 ...


 "Did you see Wang Da Han and Ma De Quan’s battle? It was so exciting!"


 "Wang Da Han lost to Ma De Quan, losing his most important raindrop Gu, he is nearly crippled."


 ...


 "Zhao Da Xiong and Zhang Niu’s battle is about to start, go see!"


 "These two are both from the strength path, there is nothing nice to watch. We might as well go see the match between Qiao Da and Qiao Er, a battle between brothers."


 ...


 Wei Yang purposely disguised himself, as he led the way for Fang Yuan, as he said: "You need to have thirty net victories in fifth inner city to advance to fourth inner city. There, you will need eighty net victories to advance to third inner city. What do I mean by net victory? For example, if you won ten battles, and lost two, you would have eight net victories."


 "The battle stage is split into three levels, low level in fifth inner city, middle level in fourth inner city, and high level in third inner city. Little brother, you are a newbie at the battle stage, your wins and losses are both zero. According to the rules, you will have to start at fifth inner city."


 "Don’t be anxious yet, the way I look at it, you should be able to quickly rise to middle level. As for high level, it might take quite some effort, but it should still be quite fast. A year or two would do." Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders and said.


 He acknowledged Fang Yuan’s battle talent, but the strength path only dominated the middle and lower levels, once he got to the high level battle stage, where experts roamed, the strength path’s weakness would gradually show, being greatly suppressed by other paths.


 Under Wei Yang’s lead, the two came to a grand hall.


 In the hall, there was a great number of Gu Masters requesting battles or checking battle details.


 Some were here to participate, some were here to watch battles, and there were even some here to set up their betting business.


 Wei Yang did not squeeze with them, but pushed open a small door.


 There was a narrow walkway behind the door, and two Gu Masters guarded it.


 One of the Gu Masters came forward, saying to Wei Yang and Fang Yuan: "This is a special reception, unauthorised people are not allowed to enter."


 Wei Yang displayed his clan elder token, and the two quickly cupped their fists and gave way.


 After crossing the tunnel, it was another hall, with four reception tables.


 Three of the tables had guests already.


 This place was much quieter than the grand hall.


 Fang Yuan used Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s name to sign up. After paying five hundred primeval stones, he obtained a vine information Gu.


 This Gu was like a long vine, having many large jade green leaves.


 It was a rank one Gu, storing some of Fang Yuan’s information inside.


 This Gu was not bought by Fang Yuan but rented to him by Shang clan city. Fang Yuan was in charge of feeding it, but he could not alter the information inside, only Shang clan could.


 Of course, it was not hard to hack the rank one vine information Gu, but Shang clan had a backup copy of the information, and with everyone’s watchful gaze, situations where the information was fake rarely happened.


 "There are not many rules in the battle stage, there is a high degree of freedom. If you wish to battle, come here to sign up, Shang clan will assign you an opponent. They can be stronger or weaker than you, but you can also designate the opponent you want, although they will have to agree. Once a month, an individual has one chance to challenge another person, where they are not allowed to reject."


 "Moreover, there is also a restriction in the number of battles in the battle stage. A person can only issue one challenge a day. Every ten days, you have to participate in at least one battle or we will remove one win from you. If your overall losses reach five, your qualification will be revoked. If you want to participate again, you will need to sign up again. Now, are you interested in taking part, and trying it out?" Wei Yang smiled.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 This was the special reception, the efficiency of the receptionists was high, Fang Yuan was quickly assigned an opponent: "The time is 1:30pm, the location is at number five battle stage, the terrain is grassland."


 There were only about seven minutes till the start of the battle.


 Wei Yang brought Fang Yuan over to number five battle stage, his opponent was already waiting inside.


 He was a young man, tall and skinny, an ordinary appearance and wore a green shirt.


 Seeing Fang Yuan enter the stage, joy flashed across his eyes.


 Looking at Fang Yuan, he was just a youngster, how high could his cultivation be?


 Looking at himself, he had recently advanced to rank two middle stage, this was his first battle since coming out of closed cultivation, it was a good sign.


 Fang Yuan entered the field, number five battle stage was a middle stage battlefield, more than twice as large as the previous flagstone stage they had fought in before.


 The battlefield was covered in grass, Fang Yuan stepped on the ground with his boots, feeling the soft loamy soil underneath.


 There were only two to three people watching, including the disguised Wei Yang.


 Watching battles required primeval stones, Fang Yuan was a nobody. His opponent Tang Qing was slightly famous, but after his closed cultivation, the little attention he received previously vanished completely.


 Clang!


 The bells rang loudly, signifying the start of the battle.


 "My name is Tang Qing." The young man was a gentleman, cupping his fists towards Fang Yuan.


 Jumping grass.


 Fang Yuan willed, stepping hard and bursting forth.


 "What the f*ck, attacking like that?!" Tang Qing was taken aback, not expecting this youngster to be so shameless, sneak attacking in public.


 He completely ignored the formalities!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan is so kind, trying to end his opponent’s misery as soon as possible.



***
Chapter 280: Sword Shadow Gu (Two chapters in one)


***





 Chapter 280: Sword Shadow Gu (Two chapters in one)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 No sooner said than done!


 Fang Yuan moved like lightning, pouncing on Tang Qing.


 Pew!


 A strong wind blew. Tang Qing only saw darkness in front of him, and before he was able to react, Fang Yuan’s fist hit his chest.


 At once, Tang Qing could feel an intense pain assaulting him, almost causing him to faint on the spot.


 His ears could only hear the sound of winds brushing by, as his vision rolled back; he was sent flying by Fang Yuan’s frontal assault.


 When he landed, his head spun. He saw grass, then the railings of the battle stage, then his face rubbed against the dirt. As he flipped and rolled, the grass was uprooted by the friction, causing the black soil to be exposed.


 His body was covered in grass and soil, the smell from the juices of the grass, the soil and fresh blood mixed together and entered his nose.


 He laid on the ground, dazed. After rolling and tumbling for so long, he felt his entire body hurting.


 But this feeling, was nothing compared to the intense pain on his chest!


 He lowered his head to look at his chest, and breathed in cold air.


 Only to see that the left side of his chest had caved in by two inches, his skin was torn and flesh was exposed, his pale rib cage could be seen, broken.


 A stream of fresh blood poured out like a fountain.


 Fang Yuan had great strength, and also attacked suddenly, causing Tang Qing to be severely injured.


 Tang Qing stared with wide opened eyes, after the shock, hatred burst out of his heart like burning magma.


 "This rascal, unscrupulous and shameless, attacking me by surprise! Causing me to be severely injured, I want to kill him, I want to tear him into pieces!"


 "Go die!" Just at this moment, Tang Qing heard Fang Yuan’s growls.


 Fang Yuan took a few steps to arrive before Tang Qing, he raised his leg and stepped harshly at the area between Tang Qing’s legs.


 Tang Qing felt his vision blurring, and squinted. Fang Yuan activated the canopy Gu, and his body was covered by a white armor. Tang Qing’s heart trembled.


 A rank three Gu Master!


 Fang Yuan had first used the breath concealment Gu, but now that he attacked, he could no longer conceal his rank three aura.


 The truth directly sent Tang Qing’s soul flying beyond the horizon. Such a young rank three Gu Master?!


 He subconsciously activated his defense Gu, as a gust of green wind surrounded his body.


 Fang Yuan had stored a lot of energy into this kick, it was supposed to smash Tang Qing’s lower body part into paste. But because of the wind, the impact was greatly reduced.


 "Ah!" Tang Qing opened his mouth, his face contorted as he screamed out in utter anguish.


 Even with a defensive Gu, the damage he suffered was like a lightning strike, his body automatically bounced up as he sat on the ground, using both arms to shield his pants.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, his left hand gathered into a fist and punched.


 He used all his strength for this punch.


 The force tore through the winds!


 Bam!


 A fist covered in white light landed heavily on Tang Qing’s face.


 Tang Qing’s screams came to a stop, as he rapidly fell backwards, his head hitting against the ground.


 Motionless, and not breathing.


 A fatal blow!


 His entire nose caved into his face, his eye bulged out as more than half of his eyeballs were outside the socket, and his skull was completely smashed.


 Blood flowed down slowly, dying the soil and grass red.


 Fang Yuan stood upright and looked down at the corpse, as the scene froze.


 After a few breath’s time, screams erupted from the surroundings.


 "Dead... he died!"


 "Someone was beaten to death!"


 The two to three Gu Masters watching were tongue-tied. Even Wei Yang showed a peculiar expression.


 Although there were many battles in the battle stage, there were few deaths.


 Firstly, the battle stage allowed surrendering. Secondly, the Gu Master overlooking the battle can often stop the fatal attack in time. Thirdly, competitors tend to control themselves, after all, they were all trying to make a living in the battle stage, they would have to interact with one another quite often. Although they might argue over benefits, they would not try to take the other person’s life.


 There was two reasons why Fang Yuan could kill Tang Qing.


 Firstly, he had just come out of cultivation, and his battle instincts were dull. If it was during a normal period, he would have used his defensive Gu from the start, not getting into such a state.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan looked way too young, and used the breath concealment Gu to hide his cultivation, causing Tang Qing to relax. Before he could react, Fang Yuan launched a sneak attack, with the first blow severely injured Tang Qing, and his next two attacks were lightning fast, before the Gu Master taking care of the stage reacted, Tang Qing was already dead.


 The Gu Master hosting the battle rapidly came over.


 But when he saw Tang Qing’s concaved face, and the brain matter and blood oozing out from the cracks of his skull, he gave up on trying to save him.


 "Youngster, you were too much!" He stared at Fang Yuan, speaking with an unhappy tone.


 Although the battle was short, he had observed the entire thing. Fang Yuan had control of the situation, he could have gone easy on Tang Qing and spared his life, but he did not.


 Fang Yuan shrugged: "It is just a life, why are you freaking out. According to the battle stage rules, I killed him, so all his possessions are now mine, right?"


 The battle stage host Gu Master snorted: "All his things are yours, but we have to take back the vine information Gu. Young man, I have to remind you, you do not respect life at all, that is a dangerous thought!"


 "I am really sorry." Wei Yang walked over apologetically, then turned around: "This little brother of mine have been roaming outside, this is the first time he is participating in the battle stage."


 The Gu Master did not recognise Wei Yang, showing disgust on his face: "Hmph, you demonic Gu Masters are all like this, such an aggressive nature and enjoy killing and slaughtering. Nevermind, I can’t get through to you, pass me your vine information Gu."


 Fang Yuan took out the vine information Gu, and the host Gu Master edited the information inside, and returned it to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan inspected the Gu, and his zero wins record had become one.


 He next searched Tang Qing’s corpse, obtaining four Gu. Three rank two and one rank one, they were ordinary Gu worms, the total value was around two thousand primeval stones.


 Tang Qing died very abruptly, causing him to have no time to self-detonate his Gu worms.


 And he had just come out of closed cultivation, there was only twenty to thirty primeval stones on him.


 "Brother Fang Zheng, try to avoid killing in the future." After they left the battle stage, Wei Yang advised Fang Yuan.


 "Even though there is no rules to prevent killing in the battle stage..." Wei Yang shook his head: "There is no need to fight to the death in every round. Although the battle zone might be huge, you are bound to encounter an opponent stronger than you eventually. We interact with each other more than you think, after all, we all live in Shang clan city. When it is possible to spare a life, one should show mercy."


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly: "But if I let someone off, they might not let me off. I have encountered demonic Gu Masters in the past, attacking without a second word. If I do not strike, I will be assaulted. My experiences tell me to kill when I can, otherwise, I am breeding threats for myself, I cannot give my enemies a chance! Precisely because of this, I am able to live till today."


 Wei Yang was caught speechless.


 He suddenly thought, wasn’t this Fang Yuan acting just like him in the past? Ruthless and savage, not trusting anyone, it all boils down to having no sense of security.


 Demonic Gu Masters had little to no sense of security.


 They were different from righteous Gu Masters who had their clans to rely on, clansmen to help them, safely getting resources, it gave them a sense of security and trust in each other.


 Demonic Gu Masters were mostly lone cultivators, receiving no support from anyone, even primeval stones and food have to be acquired by themselves. Many times, they eat one meal without the next, unable to fend for themselves, how could they feel safe?


 To ensure their survival, they could only take risks and attack people to loot them. Demonic Gu Masters were often alone, they did not dare to attack righteous groups, thus they can only lay their claws on other demonic Gu Masters.


 Thus, it leads to a vicious cycle. Demonic Gu Masters do not trust each other, often attacking on sight.


 They had no sense of security, thus their attacks were more ruthless.


 Wei Yang converted from demonic to righteous, his rich life experience gave him a deep understanding of both factions, more than any ordinary person.


 Why is it that the righteous faction flourished, and the demonic faction have to be suppressed?


 It was due to this.


 Fang Yuan’s ruthless acts were completely understandable to Wei Yang. And because he understood, his heart went out to Fang Yuan.


 "Although he is rank three cultivation, and has rich battle senses, he is still a kid. Sigh, looking at his attacks, I can tell how much hardship he has been through. Come to think of it, if he spared his opponent, wouldn’t that be more strange?"


 "He did not spare his opponent, just like other demonic Gu Masters who initially entered the battle stage. I was like that too, wasn’t I? Nevermind, as time passes, he will slowly change. This change is gradual and subtle, I cannot forcefully influence him."


 Thinking so, Wei Yang stopped his nagging, and changed topic to the battle earlier.


 "Little brother Fang Zheng, you said earlier that you have used several Gu to modify your body, and increase your strength. Just how many did you use?"


 "Since brother Wei is asking, I shall answer to the best of my ability. I used three, black and white boar Gu, crocodile strength Gu, and currently, the brown bear innate strength Gu that I just bought." Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 "Hehehe, black and white boar Gu gave you the strength of two boars, crocodile strength Gu gave you the strength of a crocodile. But brother, have you thought about it, if a boar charged at you, what injuries would you sustain?" Wei Yang spoke with an enlightening tone.


 Fang Yuan knew Wei Yang’s intentions, thus he cooperated, saying: "If he does not defend, how can a mortal body take the hit of a wild boar? His stomach will tear and it would be a gruesome sight."


 Wei Yang’s smile widened: "Then if you place that person’s head in a crocodile’s mouth, and the crocodile bites, what would happen?"


 "The head would burst like a watermelon." Fang Yuan replied.


 Wei Yang next asked: "You have the strength of two boars, one crocodile and your own strength. Your first punch however, only made a dent in his chest, and broke a few ribs. Your third punch landed on his face, but only cracked his skull, what does that say?"


 But before Fang Yuan replied, he continued: "Punches and kicks can only unleash a portion of the strength in a person’s body. Although you have two boars and one crocodile’s strength, how many percent can you use? The greatest weakness of the strength path lies here! A person’s strength is like a huge vat, filled with water, but when you battle, you can only use a portion of that water."


 "Black and white boar Gu, crocodile strength Gu, brown bear innate strength Gu, these can permanently increase strength, but are expensive Gu. You invested so much money, yet only getting a portion of the results, sometimes not even ten percent. If you invest your money elsewhere, you can gain much greater effect."


 "I see, brother Wei is saying all these to make me give up on the strength path." Fang Yuan smiled lightly, like he finally understood what was happening.


 "I understand that logic, the human body has a different structure from wild beasts, we can hardly display their true strength. But using Gu also depends on being one with them, I’ve heard of many strength path Gu Masters who managed to unleash the beast phantom, displaying the full power of the Gu worm."


 "Hehehe, there is such a thing indeed. When I was still in the battle stage, I met many strength path Gu Masters. As their proficiency in the Gu increases, sometimes, the beast phantom appears in battle and they can use the full strength of the Gu, it is very threatening. But you do not know, the number of times this happens is too few. Moreover, the attack method is very rigid, only when using a specific attack style can the beast phantom be summoned, it is easy to evade." Wei Yang continued to advise painstakingly.


 Fang Yuan pondered for a moment, he had the exact thought, but that is also why he needed that legendary Gu.


 What came out of his mouth was: "Brother Wei, I appreciate your concern, but the strength path is my choice, I want to see it till the end."


 "Sigh, then go ahead with it." Wei Yang sighed, seeing Fang Yuan being so obstinate, he could not force him.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had already joined the battle stage, Wei Yang thought: What happens next should change Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan had to stay in Shang clan city for a few more years, there was a lot of time left, Wei Yang was not anxious.


 Soon, half a month passed.


 In the gambling den, the shopkeeper bent his back, standing beside Fang Yuan, smiling.


 "Brother Wei, want to pick a few rocks to play? We might get something good. I’ll treat you to a few!" Fang Yuan smiled and said.


 Wei Yang stood beside Fang Yuan, shaking his head: "Today is the day Tang Xiong forcefully challenges you, to think the Tang Qing you killed was his brother. Fang Zheng, you should be vigilant, in order to take revenge, Tang Xiong purposely fell from fourth inner city to fifth. He has a small fame, able to use the strength of three bears, he is coming with vengeance."


 Although he said so, he was not worried, but instead, looking forward to it secretly.


 These days, Fang Yuan won another match, thus this would be his third match.


 Wei Yang was hoping this Tang Xiong would ’awaken’ Fang Yuan, and cause him to abandon the strength path, changing to another style.


 "I will deal with it when it comes, what is there to worry about. If brother Wei is not going to choose, I’m going to. I have already seen several good rocks." Fang Yuan’s eyes glowed as he picked a few gambling rocks.


 The shopkeeper instructed his clerks to carefully select the gambling rocks and bring them out.


 "Eh?" Fang Yuan said, pointing to a leg of the counter: "This rock supporting the leg seems to be a stellar stone?"


 The shopkeeper was stunned, but quickly replied: "Esteemed customer sure has amazing eyes. This rock was placed there a few years ago by me. The counter leg was damaged by a gambler’s kicking, so I picked a squarish stellar stone and used it to fill in the gap."


 Fang Yuan frowned: "Rocks are meant for gambling, how can you use it like that? You’re truly burying the rock’s potential! Today, for my last piece, I shall choose that."


 "Yes, yes, yes, esteemed customer is right!" The shopkeeper nodded rapidly, but he felt indifferent in his heart.


 The grade of the stellar stone was very important, arrow or shooting star shaped ones were the best. This rock was obviously a useless one, no one asked for it when it was on the counter, so the shopkeeper used it to balance the counter instead.


 The clerks worked together, pulling out the stellar stone from the counter leg, then placing it together with the other rocks to send it for dissection.


 At the dissection counter, a few young dissection masters were opening rocks for a middle aged Gu Master, moving delicately and slowly.


 Wei Yang did not approve of Fang Yuan gambling rocks. Seeing him pick this rock, he shook his head secretly. Even if he was not a gambler, he knew the importance of grades. Fang Yuan’s final rock was completely chosen at random, even he could not stand it. Fang Yuan had been spending the last few days at the gambling den, spending primeval stones, but did not get much rewards out of it.


 Sometimes he got a few Gu, but they were rank one or two, or even corpses and carcasses.


 In Wei Yang’s heart, Fang Yuan was purely wasting his money, but he did not say anything against it. The less primeval stones Fang Yuan had, the more he needed to rely on Shang clan, that was something he wanted to see.


 Fang Yuan was excited in his heart but kept a calm expression, staring at the dissection counter in anticipation.


 These days, he had been roaming around the gambling dens, purposely choosing some bad rocks to leave an impression.


 Although he had controlled himself, and only played small, the gambling rocks were like an endless abyss, in less than a month, he lost over a hundred thousand primeval stones.


 But thinking about the legendary Gu he was about to receive, not only a hundred thousand, even five hundred thousand was worth it.


 Although this legendary Gu was rank three, its effect was simply amazing, and it was nearly extinct.


 Most likely, this was the last one in this world.


 Wei Yang frowned: "Mind the time, you have to rush to the battle stage later, shopkeeper, can the dissection be faster?"


 "Of course, of course." The shopkeeper recognised Wei Yang the external clan elder, and quickly nodded.


 He ran to the dissection counter, waving his hand, saying to the young dissection masters: "Go, go, go."


 He sent those dissection masters away, to one side.


 "My rocks..." The middle aged Gu Master cried out.


 Rock dissecting was a meticulous process, once they got interrupted, the young dissection masters flustered and caused a few of the rocks to be destroyed.


 "Li Ran, stop screaming, we will return you your primeval stones." The shopkeeper shouted.


 The middle aged Gu Master with a messy beard stared with wide opened eyes, saying indignantly: "What if there was a Gu inside?"


 The shopkeeper laughed in disdain, waving his hand at the middle aged Gu Master: "Come on Li Ran, you have been gambling for so many years, you only choose low grade rocks, when have you ever gotten anything good? Stop making a din, or you will lose your compensation!"


 " Spit , such a large shops bullying customers, you are looking down on me, one day, I will make it big in life!" The middle aged Gu Master muttered, his tone furious but did not continue making a din.


 "Li Ran..." This name made Fang Yuan recall a certain memory.


 He could not help but show a weird expression.


 This Li Ran, was that person who obtained the legendary Gu. Of course, they might have the same name...


 But no matter what, Li Ran’s one chance at success was snatched by Fang Yuan.


 The five old masters took the stage, starting to dissect the rocks.


 The younger masters were speechless, these seniors were using all sorts of flashy methods. Many rocks were easy to dissect, only requiring little primeval essence, but they had to use their full force, and cause their primeval essence to be greatly expended, using many steps only to raise the success rate by a meagre percent.


 More than ten rocks, including scrap grade, low grade and middle grade were quickly opened.


 "There is a Gu, the sword shadow Gu!"


 "Rank three sword shadow Gu, so rare..."


 "A living Gu, it is definitely alive, congratulations esteemed customer."


 The old masters cupped their fists at Fang Yuan, sighing in relief.


 Fang Yuan had been gambling these few days, but did not get any rewards. It caused these old masters to feel uneasy.


 The shopkeeper ran over, looking joyous: "Esteemed customer, you have earned a lot! The sword shadow Gu can be sold for thirty two thousand primeval stones, but you only spent eight thousand!"


 The surrounding people were envious of Fang Yuan, and that Li Ran even pouted, saying sourly: "Hmph, you just got lucky."


 "That’s good brother, the sword shadow Gu is at the same level as my broadsword light Gu. I advise you not to sell it but use it yourself." Wei Yang congratulated.


 "Hehehe, the light at the end of the tunnel, I said my luck was not so bad." Fang Yuan laughed: "Brother Wei, after today’s match ends, I will treat you to a drink, let’s celebrate."


 Wei Yang nodded, not rejecting it. He did not know that although Fang Yuan was cheerful on the outside, his heart was in complete shock at the moment!


 The sword shadow Gu was an accident, it was not his goal.


 That stellar stone supporting the counter had no Gu inside after dissecting it, it was a useless rock!


 How can this be?


 Where is that legendary Gu?!


 At once, Fang Yuan’s mind was flashing with questions as his heart stirred.


 Numerous suspicions popped up in his mind.


 How can this happen?!


 Wasn’t the legendary Gu hidden in this stellar stone?


 If it is not this stone, where can it be? Or maybe it was not this rock, or not this gambling den?


 Or maybe the rumors were false? Where am I supposed to find that legendary Gu now?


 Things had progressed way out of Fang Yuan’s expectations. The Gu that he thought was easily obtainable had gone missing, and the sword shadow Gu he had obtained out of luck was not enough to recoup his losses these few days.


 "If there is no legendary Gu, my efforts would have been in vain. Damn it, how can this happen? There might be an error in the rumors, but rumors travel far and wide, there has to be a basis for it. Especially when this detail was so specific, there was nothing that deviated from the rumors, but why is it..."


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth secretly.


 Without this legendary Gu, his strength path cultivation would be gone like smoke.


 "Do I really need to change my cultivation direction? But if I do that, the three kings inheritance would be greatly affected!"


 The result of the rock dissection greatly affect Fang Yuan’s plans. But he did not know what the problem was, or what went wrong.


 The rumors had been shrouded in a deep mysterious fog.


 "It is almost time, we should head to the battle stage." At this time, Wei Yang reminded.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Another super long chapter. Doesn’t it feel great to see Fang Yuan’s plans go up in flames? Trials and tribulations plague our kindhearted Fang Yuan. He can’t even gamble in peace!



***
Chapter 281: Bear Strength Phantom


***





 Chapter 281: Bear Strength Phantom


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 When Fang Yuan stepped into the battle stage, all the random thoughts were cast out of his head.


 He calmly sized up the opponent in front of him.


 Tang Xiong.


 He was eight feet tall, wide shoulders and a thick waist. Just his arms alone were as thick as Fang Yuan’s thighs, as he stood on the stage without an upper garment or shoes.


 His chest was filled with black chest hair, giving off a wild and formidable aura.


 "Little scoundrel, you killed my little brother? Today, I shall send you to accompany him in the afterlife!" Tang Xiong looked at Fang Yuan with bloodshot eyes, the flames of hatred could be clearly seen.


 The surrounding temperature was burning as if it was the torrid afternoon heat of July or August.


 The ground was boiling hot; black and red mixed together to form the lava terrain.


 This was a mid-scale battle stage. There were only few spectators about dozens, most of them came to watch how Tang Xiong took revenge.


 As for Fang Yuan, he might have obtained two victories but it still wasn’t enough for him to be famous.


 "Tang brothers grew up relying on each other; now Tang Qing is dead and only Tang Xiong remains."


 "Hehe, I am waiting to see how Tang Xiong tortures this kid to death."


 "Eh, what is this kid’s name?"


 "I think he was called Gu Yue Fang Zheng, a no-name junior."


 "This kid is too thoughtless, he actually dared to break the unsaid rules and kill his first two opponents."


 "He should be a demonic Gu Master who had only recently entered the city..."


 "Alas, the young do not know to conduct themselves. This day wouldn’t have come if he had shown mercy."


 The audience continued talking about the match, but no one was optimistic about Fang Yuan.


 Wei Yang was in a disguise and was looking at the battle stage with a burning gaze. Tang Xiong also walked the strength path, he was a rank two peak stage expert but could unleash with the strength of three bears and even won his way through to fourth inner city. He was a strong opponent for the current Fang Yuan.


 Ding!


 A clear ring of the bell announced the start of the match.


 Tang Xiong roared and charged straight at Fang Yuan like a wild bull.


 The ground of this battle stage was made of dark red lava rocks. Fang Yuan could feel the scalding heat from the ground even though he was wearing boots. While Tang Xiong was barefooted, he did not pay any attention to the heat.


 Tum tum tum.


 Every time Tang Xiong’s feet stepped on the ground, it produced a loud and deep sound. At the same time, his every step shattered the lava rocks and left a deep footprint in the ground.


 Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, his gaze as sharp as a blade’s edge!


 He was at ease despite Tang Xiong’s aggressive momentum; the corner of his lips curled up into a cold smile as he outrageously charged at Tang Xiong head-on.


 "Has he gone crazy?"


 "He dares to face Tang Xiong head-on?"


 "He could have had a chance to survive if he prolonged the match, this is simply charging towards his doom."


 The audience shook their heads as they looked at this scene.


 Fang Yuan was young, his body was not even half as muscular as Tang Xiong’s. The scene of him charging at Tang Xiong was like a lamb colliding with a big ox.


 Bam!


 The two fiercely collided against each other, the enormous strength sent both of them flying.


 Tang Xiong was thrown back six steps, as a clearly shocked expression showed on his face. ’How could this kid have such huge great strength?’


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was thrown back three steps, as the white light armor protecting his body shook.


 The result of the collision amazed the audience.


 Some had their jaws wide open and some repeatedly blinked their eyes, not having expected Fang Yuan to possess such strength.


 "My strength is actually less than his? No wonder little brother died at his hands!" Tang Xiong’s expression changed, and looked at Fang Yuan properly for the first time.


 Fang Yuan shook his numb arm, his expression was still indifferent; this result wasn’t beyond his expectation.


 He possessed the strength of two boars and a crocodile, there was also some increase to his strength due to using brown bear innate strength Gu these days. And Tang Xiong, he only possessed the strength of two bears.


 Grand bear Gu!


 Tang Xiong roared, the muscles on his body expanded visibly and his body size grew by a fold; he temporarily gained the strength of a bear.


 Bear palm Gu!


 A ball of yellow light covered his palms and soles. After the light dispersed, his hands and feet increased in size by over three times; turning into thick and enormous bear palms.
