


***
Chapter 1234 - Rank Ten Immortal Gu!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 “Immortal killer move — Meteor Rain!” Zhao Lian Yun called out, a bright light bursting out of her body.


 This light flew out of her body, in the blink of an eye, it entered the sky, vanishing.


 At the next moment, the pale white space created by a Gu formation seemed to be covered in blue ink, turning deep blue.


 Swish swish swish...


 Countless meteors were falling from the sky, raining down like a storm of arrows, it was a majestic sight!


 The meteors rained down on a hill-like desolate beast tortoise.


 The tortoise’s four limbs and head retracted into its shell.


 Meteors landed on the desolate beast tortoise’s back, fragments were created in large numbers, but the remaining meteor rain landed around the desolate beast tortoise, creating huge pits encircling the tortoise.


 The meteor rain lasted twenty breaths of time until it stopped.


 Zhao Lian Yun was covered in sweat, she was breathing roughly.


 A voice came from within the Gu formation: “Not bad, Zhao Lian Yun, you are very proficient in meteor rain already. Next, go train your defensive killer move.”


 As this was said, the desolate beast tortoise broke apart and turned into black crows.


 There were tens of thousands of crows.


 They were like black arrows, flying around as they shot towards Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes shone, she gritted her teeth as she used her defensive Immortal Gu before the crows hit her.


 Suddenly, her body was covered in a layer of silver light.


 The layer of thin silvery light successfully protected her from the impact and beaks of the countless crows.


 Splat splat splat...


 Zhao Lian Yun’s tiny little body was soon covered entirely by the black crows.


 Large numbers of crows were attacking the silver shield, loud crisp sound were resounding endlessly.


 Zhao Lian Yun had a heavy expression.


 She could feel her immortal essence expending rapidly.


 “I have to think of a plan!” Zhao Lian Yun had an idea as she started using a defensive killer move.


 At her first try, she successfully activated the defensive killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Life Locking Silver Chain.


 From the silver shield around her body, six silvery chains flew out.


 The chains moved like dragons, they were extraordinary as they flew around in the crow group, stabbing and killing endlessly.


 Many crows died, soon, in the ten li of space around Zhao Lian Yun, no crows were alive.


 The silver chains also turned into a round cylinder, protecting Zhao Lian Yun, forming a tight defense. Any attacking crow would be ripped to shreds.


 “This immortal killer move is amazing, it can attack and defend at once.” It had incredible effect in this first battle, Zhao Lian Yun was extremely pleased.


 The Gu Immortal controlling the Gu formation sighed internally: “This Zhao Lian Yun is an otherworldly demon indeed, her cultivation level was raised to rank five peak stage using relic Gu. After being given a phantom aperture, Immortal Gu, and immortal essence by Heavenly Court, she immediately showed her talent. Her battle talent is not weak at all, after so little practice with her immortal killer moves, she became proficient already.”


 Of course, these immortal killer moves were specially chosen for Zhao Lian Yun by Heavenly Court. They were very powerful and easy to control, they also used few Gu worms, the steps for activating them were simple.


 “Alright, next, we will train your healing methods. you will get injured, but don’t worry or panic, as long as you perform normally and use your immortal killer move, you will recover.” The Gu Immortal controlling the Gu formation said.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded, seeing the crows vanish around her.


 There was worry in her expression as she asked: “I have already trained for half a year in this Gu formation, when can I set off to Northern Plains for the rescue mission?”


 The Gu Immortal controlling the Gu formation explained: “Don’t worry, this is a time path Gu formation, a day outside is a year in here. Your time is very tight, battles between Gu Immortals are not just affected by training, there are also many situations that can occur in actual combat.”


 “Then give me some actual combat training!” Zhao Lian Yun shouted.


 This time path super Gu formation was placed in Spirit Affinity House.


 But everything inside was observed by Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei watched Zhao Lian Yun start her combat training as worry appeared on her face: “Lord Duke Long, do you really think that such training will allow Zhao Lian Yun to adapt to the battlefield? This is too rushed, her battle strength cannot be relied on.”


 Even though he drank half a kilogram of true dragon heavenly water, it only managed to save Duke Long’s life, barely.


 He was still very old and weak.


 Right now, he was sitting in front of Fairy Zi Wei, there was a chessboard between them.


 This chessboard had a huge origin, it was an Immortal Gu House personally created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable — Star Constellation Chessboard, it most excelled in wisdom path deductions, it was the number one wisdom path Immortal Gu House!


 Fairy Zi Wei was not qualified enough, but after Duke Long woke up, he immediately took out this legendary Immortal Gu House from Heavenly Court’s treasury and gave it to Fairy Zi Wei, allowing her deduction capability to reach a terrifying level.


 Hearing Fairy Zi Wei’s doubts, Duke Long smiled lightly: “We cannot depend on Zhao Lian Yun, but I am not depending on her anyway.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze shined: “Lord Duke Long is counting on love Gu.”


 “That’s right.” Duke Long nodded: “Love Gu is very unique, even among rank nine Immortal Gu, it is extremely special. Most Immortal Gu have only one effect, one type of ability. But love Gu is the opposite, it can unleash all sorts of effects and expend a variety of resources beyond immortal essence. Most importantly, the power of love can resist fate and luck.”


 “Resist fate and luck?” Fairy Zi Wei muttered, slightly shocked.


 “That’s right, love can resist fate to an extent. If not for that, how could Red Lotus Demon Venerable damage fate Immortal Gu back then?” Duke Long exposed some shocking secrets, when he mentioned Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he had a solemn tone and complex expression.


 Fairy Zi Wei was slightly shocked: “What? Back then, did Red, Red Lotus Demon Venerable obtain the acknowledgement of love Gu as well?”


 “Precisely.” Duke Long confirmed this: “Red Lotus was not an otherworldly demon, how could he have damaged Fate. It was because love Immortal Gu was with him, allowing him to damage fate Immortal Gu in the end.”


 “After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Zombie Alliance was wiped out, only a few Shadow Sect members are left, and Spectral Soul is trapped inside the giant dream realm. So many fate escapees have been destroyed, this allowed the repairing of fate Immortal Gu to be much easier than before.”


 Speaking until this point, Duke Long needed to catch his breath, after resting for a while, he continued: “However, even if fate Immortal Gu is repaired completely, our Heavenly Court cannot regain its former glory.”


 “This... is because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?” Fairy Zi Wei deduced and got an answer immediately.


 Duke Long breathed in deeply: “Yes, because after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, luck path appeared in the five regions. In the past, Fate was unchangeable, as long as we repaired fate, Heavenly Court would return to the apex again. But now, we have luck path. Fate is certain while luck is uncertain, good luck is a positive uncertainty for oneself while bad luck is a negative uncertainty for oneself.”


 “Even if we repair fate Immortal Gu completely, we can only control certainty, we cannot control the uncertainty. Only by controlling luck path as well, can we allow Heavenly Court to rule the five regions and two heavens completely.”


 “Thus, Lord Duke Long, you gave an order to gather elite Gu Immortals of all ten great ancient sects to go to Northern Plains, in order to snatch fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. If we get Fortune Rivalling Heaven, will Heavenly Court be able to control luck?” Fairy Zi Wei asked.


 Duke Long nodded before shaking his head: “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s entire life of cultivation had three stages, self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck. Fortune Rivalling Heaven is the apex of all living being’s luck. Its true effect is to allow the possessor to continuously absorb the luck of all lifeforms around them.”


 “Like right now, looking at Ma Hong Yun, fortune rivalling heaven Gu’s effect is related to the people near him. It continues to absorb their luck, collecting them on Ma Hong Yun, that is why Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou continue to fail. Especially in refining a rank eight Immortal Gu, the chances are simply too low.”


 “Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu might be rank eight, but it actually has quasi-rank nine power. With enough time, and if the affected individuals have enough luck, fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu would be able to absorb even more luck and gather it into one person. This is also why Giant Sun Immortal Venerable named it Fortune Rivalling Heaven. The meaning was: by absorbing the luck of all living beings, and gathering it into one person, supreme luck that rivals heaven and earth would be born!”


 “So that’s it.” Hearing Duke Long’s detailed explanation, Fairy Zi Wei had a realization.


 Even though Duke Long was from the Olden Antiquity Era, over the process of his hibernation, he had woken up several times, he knew many precious lost secrets.


 Duke Long continued: “If we can obtain Fortune Rivalling Heaven now, we would gain the accumulations in cultivation of half of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s life.”


 “In the future, if we have the chance, we can search for heaven and earth luck and self luck, to control all of these luck path Immortal Gu, including Fortune Rivalling Heaven.”


 “When fate Gu is repaired, Heavenly Court will reign supreme in the world.”


 “If we have a chance to go further and refine the luck path Immortal Gu with fate Immortal Gu, we might be able to create the legendary rank ten Immortal Gu — Destiny! By then, Heavenly Court will understand the complete profundity of heaven’s will, we will act in the capacity of heaven, we will become the eternal rulers of the universe!!”


 Duke Long spoke softly, but towards the end, his eyes were shining, he showed a fanatical and heated gaze.


 “Rank ten Immortal Gu?” Even a Gu Immortal at Fairy Zi Wei’s level was tongue-tied upon hearing such secrets.


 “Above rank nine, there really is rank ten realm?” Fairy Zi Wei asked in complete shock and disbelief.



***
Chapter 1235 - Blood Competition Ends


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Duke Long sighed: “I cannot tell you if there is a rank ten Gu Immortal realm. But rank ten Immortal Gu likely can exist. Because this was confirmed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself.”


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the rank nine venerable after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. He was kind and merciful, he did not dispute with people and loved peace, but like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he did not truly enter Heavenly Court.


 There were only three Immortal Venerables who truly entered Heavenly Court and fused their immortal apertures into Heavenly Court.


 From the start of history, they were respectively, the first rank nine venerable, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, the creator of wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, as well as the creator of wood path and the owner of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


 Northern Plains.


 The blood battle martial competition was having its final battle.


 Chu Du walked onto the stage and said: “I am honored.”


 In front of him was a female immortal. She was clad in dazzling palace attire with the lower hems touching the ground, her black hair was tied up high with jade and gold ornaments. Her skin was snow white, her brows slender, her gaze sharp, and her chest was voluptuous and perky. She looked stately and beautiful, giving a feeling that she could not be offended.


 It was Gong Wan Ting.


 Prince Feng Xian’s wife.


 Gong Wan Ting had a solemn expression as she sighed lightly: “Domination Immortal, you live up to your reputation, you defeated Liu Zhuan Shen and Yao Yuan Ying consecutively. Regardless of the result of this battle, the reputation of Domination Immortal will spread in Northern Plains.”


 Liu Zhuan Shen and Yao Yuan Ying, who were mentioned, had pale expressions, there was no choice, Chu Du was stronger than them.


 All in all, the blood battle martial competition was about to end with the Huang Jin tribes suppressing Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe’s alliance.


 But towards the end, Chu Du took the stage, giving a slap to the righteous path allied forces.


 The power of Domination Immortal struck wariness in these Huang Jin bloodline Gu Immortals.


 This was the final battle, without any other options, Gong Wan Ting stepped forward.


 This was a battle between the leaders of both sides!


 “Please.” Chu Du was very gentlemanly, even though he was injured, he did not panic.


 Surprise flashed in Gong Wan Ting’s eyes as she smiled: “Domination Immortal is truly brave and heroic.”


 Saying this, a purple light shot towards Chu Du like a blade or sword.


 Chu Du shouted, moving ahead instead, charging towards Gong Wan Ting bravely.


 An intense battle shook heaven and earth.


 The two sides exchanged moves after moves, and after a hundred rounds, there was no victor.


 They fought on both the ground and in the sky, the Blood Plain was almost completely destroyed.


 The spectating immortals had to move back by thirty thousand li to avoid getting involved in Chu Du and Gong Wan Ting’s battle.


 Chu Du’s might was unstoppable, he attacked more than he defended, while Gong Wan Ting did the opposite with much energy to spare.


 This intense battle lasted for another hundred rounds, Chu Du was covered in injuries, blood spewed out of him, but Gong Wan Ting was also no longer as relaxed, her gaze was sweeping over Chu Du, preventing him from attacking her suddenly, she did not dare to be careless.


 The Gu Immortal spectators were all moved, they quickly commented on this intense battle, it was the clash of two experts at the peak of rank seven. Without rank eight Gu Immortals interfering, these two would not be surpassed by Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world for several hundred years.


 The sun set, the moon rose, from morning to night, the victor was still not decided.


 Battling intensely without stop, it was truly heated.


 By the dawn of the second day, both sides were much weakened, the battle was at its end, victory could be decided at the next moment.


 The Gu Immortal spectators held their breaths as they watched the ending of this battle.


 But right at this moment, a grand pillar of light descended and separated Chu Du and Gong Wan Ting, who were fighting fiercely.


 “That is enough, this battle will end in a draw.” Rank eight Gu Immortal Yao Huang showed himself in the air.


 He looked away as he said: “Does Heavenly Lord agree with me?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu appeared from a cloud layer, nodding: “We will fight in the sky.”


 Saying this, both rank eight Gu Immortals flew up into white heaven under everyone’s watchful gazes.


 Soon, the immortals in Blood Plain could hear intense explosions coming from white heaven, it sounded like thunder and beast roars.


 Domination Immortal Chu Du let out a breath of air, he was satisfied with this result.


 Gong Wan Ting had a special status, she was Prince Feng Xian’s wife, Chu Du thought of this and could not kill her. If he did, he would offend Prince Feng Xian.


 When Chu Du was all alone, he might not be afraid, but with Chu Sect established, times were different.


 And Chu Du himself had displayed incredible abilities in this blood battle martial competition, for the sake of Bai Zu tribe, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would not let Chu Du die here.


 Like what Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had discussed before the martial competition, both sides managed to keep their losses to an acceptable level.


 “Gasp... incredible, a crack appeared in white heaven.”


 “Hearing this, I can tell how intense the battle is.”


 “Unfortunately, we cannot penetrate the heavenly wind qi wall and observe the battle in white heaven.”


 The spectators did not leave, they were conversing.


 The battle between Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang would decide everything.


 During the entire process of the blood battle martial competition, no matter how many sacrifices or losses there were, or all the different battle results, none could compare to this one.


 Be it either side, they had suffered great losses.


 But Gu Immortals who actually died were not many. Several rank six Gu Immortals died, few rank seven Gu Immortals died, the biggest loss was actually Ye Lui Qun Xing who Fang Yuan killed.


 Towards the later part of the competition, both sides came to a subtle agreement.


 Of course, Gu Immortals getting injured was still a huge issue.


 Because of dao marks, injuries were hard to heal, the cost of it would make Gu Immortals pay a huge price.


 Inside white heaven.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang were sitting opposite each other, a chessboard was in front of them.


 “Please try this, my newly made gold leaf tea.” Yao Huang chuckled, recommending his tea.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu drank it as he nodded, taking out a big bag of snacks.


 “This is my specialty, fried centipede.”


 The two rank eight great experts drank tea and ate fried centipedes as they played chess, it was an enjoyable time.


 Yao Huang sighed: “This fried centipede is fresh and delicious, the flavor never gets tiring, this is truly a rare delicacy.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu praised too: “Brother Yao Huang’s gold leaf tea is superior to silver leaf tea. It seems that you are not far from refining resurrection from the dead Gu.”


 Every tea or wine could be treated as an incomplete food path Gu recipe.


 Often, when Gu Immortals compete with their refinement path attainment, to avoid causing a commotion or to protect their reputation, they would offer wine or tea.


 When Gu Immortals taste the tea or wine, they would understand the other person’s Gu refinement attainment.


 Of course, this method was very vague, it was only a shallow probe, it could not show both parties’ true strength.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could taste something different in Yao Huang’s new tea. Because he had drank the silver leaf tea before, comparing the two, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could see how Yao Huang’s refinement path attainment had improved.


 This improvement was naturally obtained from Yao Huang’s attempts at refining resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu.


 As for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, the snack that he created was not simple either, it was a display of his own refinement path attainment.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been busy creating Bai Zu tribe recently, he also had to attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven, his refinement path aspects did not improve, thus, his fried centipede did not become different.


 But Yao Huang’s gaze was focused below them.


 Not far away from them, two figures were fighting.


 One resembled Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, while the other resembled Yao Huang.


 Below white heaven, the clamor that these Gu Immortals in the Blood Plain heard was caused by these two figures.


 Yao Huang praised: “Heavenly Lord, your cloning method is becoming more profound, you can actually mimic thirty percent of rank eight level strength.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shook his head as he smiled: “I don’t deserve such praise. These last days, while attacking Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I created this immortal killer move after multiple failed attempts at invading it. I have once heard that Longevity Heaven possesses one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s immortal killer moves — Perfect Pair, it can allow a Gu Immortal to create a clone that has their full power. My method cannot compare to Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.”


 Yao Huang smiled.


 He understood clearly that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu mentioned Longevity Heaven for more complex underlying reasons.


 Yao Huang explained: “Don’t worry, Heavenly Lord, as long as Longevity Heaven’s rank eight Gu Immortals do not show up, just the Longevity Edict cannot mobilize us.”


 “Furthermore, the situation in every region is dependent on the situation of the respective rank eight Gu Immortals, isn’t it?”


 “Right now in Northern Plains, among the rank eight Gu Immortals, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has the highest battle strength. If he succeeds in refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, he would be unstoppable. But I can see that Snowy Mountain blessed land is heavily guarded now, even we will have trouble breaking into it.”


 “Our conflict is just an internal conflict of the righteous path. But if Old Ancestor Xue Hu refines fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the situation in Northern Plains would favor the demonic path.”


 Yao Huang said slowly as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu nodded, he agreed with the former’s analysis.


 Originally, when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, Northern Plains’ situation changed, the demonic path rose in power. If Old Ancestor Xue Hu manages to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, the situation would be even more uncontrollable.


 Compared to the rise of new righteous path forces, Yao Huang was more unwilling to see the demonic path being rampant.


 “Thankfully, in this martial competition, I invited many lone immortals and demonic path members, a portion of them died, while the rest would join either Chu Sect or Bai Zu tribe, this would weaken the demonic path and strengthen our righteous path.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu spoke with a smile.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had deep considerations.


 The blood battle martial competition was helping Yao tribe weaken the other Huang Jin tribes, but Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du were also weakening the lone and demonic cultivators, stabilizing the situation in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 But upon the mention of Chu Sect, Yao Huang frowned.


 “This Chu Sect needs to change.”


 “Northern Plains will not allow the emergence of a sect.”


 “If Chu Du wants Chu Sect to exist, he has to change it to Chu tribe, otherwise, the righteous path will not allow it!”



***
Chapter 1236 - Cultivation Itself Is Enjoyment


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Yao Huang’s attitude was very firm.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed: “You don’t have to worry about this, Chu Du understands this and has already talked to me, he can concede on this point.”


 “That’s good.” Yao Huang nodded.


 Both of them talked for a while more, their chess game was half done, they had wasted enough time, both immortals flew down from white heaven.


 Next, they announced that Yao Huang had won the battle by a slight margin, and this blood battle martial competition ended with the victory of the Huang Jin tribes.


 Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals had grim expressions, only Chu Du was calm, he had expected this.


 In contrast, the Huang Jin tribe Gu Immortals were in a joyous mood.


 The consequences that followed would not be detailed, but the blood battle martial competition that shook Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world came to an end.


 Southern Border, giant dream realm.


 Deep in the sea.


 There was darkness, one could not see their own fingers.


 Fang Yuan was inside, suffering huge injuries.


 The pressure of the sea was intense, most importantly, around him, there were countless long dragon silhouettes, swimming around him vigilantly.


 These were dragons living in the sea.


 Each sea dragon had desolate beast level battle strength.


 There were hundreds, or thousands of sea dragons moving in countless layers.


 Fang Yuan was currently a rank six Gu Immortal, but facing this sea dragon group, there was nothing he could do.


 “The most troublesome thing is that I need to kill all of the sea dragons to pass this ninth scene of the dream realm.”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly internally.


 If this was reality, it was unclear what the chances would be for him to break out of the encirclement, and try to survive this dangerous situation.


 But in this dream realm, there were specific rules, if Fang Yuan wanted to break out and survive, the dream realm exploration would fail.


 Fang Yuan had no way out!


 “To kill these sea dragons, with just my foundation and methods in this dream realm, it is impossible!”


 Thus, if Fang Yuan wanted to pass this, he had only one option available, immortal killer move unravel dream.


 “But there are so many sea dragons, unravel dream can be used less than ten times, it cannot resolve this huge problem.”


 “It seems that this scene is the final moment of the dream realm’s main character.”


 Fang Yuan gained deep insight.


 Dream realms had different categories, most were realistic dream realms, they replicated the lifeforms’ experiences in their lives, but there were also few which were rare and peculiar, dream realms that were strange and weird.


 Fang Yuan was exploring a realistic dream realm, but the severity of the content might be exaggerated compared to the actual event, even though there was some actual scenes that happened before.


 “This Gu Immortal was once a Combat Immortal Sect Gu Master.”


 “He had decent aptitude but after becoming rank six, compared to other Gu Immortals, he was no longer so amazing.”


 “The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent allocate resources according to sect contribution. This Gu Immortal’s aptitude was far from exemplary, he did not have great strength or powerful methods, it was hard to get sect contribution points, so he could not get much resources. That was why he went to explore Eastern Sea.”


 “In the end, when he passed the regional walls, his immortal aperture’s foundation was damaged. Next, he heard some rumors about the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace and came to this sea area, in the end, he died here from the attacks of the sea dragons.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan made up his mind, he chose to give up.


 He left this dream realm.


 Normally speaking, the deeper one gets into the dream realm, the greater their gains after getting past the scene.


 But Fang Yuan wisely chose to retreat.


 He withheld his remaining uses of unravel dream, he was not going to waste them here for no reason.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan returned to reality.


 Using guts Gu to heal himself, he inspected his own body again.


 Water path quasi-grandmaster.


 His attainment level did not change.


 He was still a distance away from grandmaster level.


 But it was already enough to many of the blessed lands in City Well, because most of them were rank six blessed lands.


 “According to my current situation, it would be best if I could raise all of my attainment levels to at least master.”


 “That way, I would be able to annex any rank six blessed land.”


 “Even though rank six blessed lands have diminishing effect on raising my cultivation level, with enough quantity, the gains are still very prominent.”


 Fang Yuan thought.


 Next, he entered his own dream realm and refined some dream path mortal Gu.


 Of course, he used some time for deductions as well.


 These last days, he had an inspiration, to fuse the killer moves myriad self and sword dragon transformation.


 His deductions were progressing smoothly, Fang Yuan had enough strength path attainment, and his transformation path attainment level was also grandmaster, the only drawback was that his wisdom path deduction methods were slightly lacking.


 But it was no problem.


 Lady White Rabbit came to report to him about the situation of the immortal opportunity business, as well as some information.


 Fang Yuan sat down on his cushion as he shut his eyes, telling her: “Go ahead and talk, I am listening.”


 Fang Yuan was deducing his own matters while listening to Lady White Rabbit.


 He was multitasking.


 A wisdom path grandmaster could do this with ease.


 Lady White Rabbit talked as she looked at Fang Yuan’s face, deep affection was in her gaze.


 But to her disappointment, until she finished her report, Fang Yuan did not open his eyes to look at her once.


 “Okay, you can go now.” Fang Yuan said.


 Lady White Rabbit could only leave slowly while feeling disappointed, as she looked at him with a longing gaze.


 Outside the room, Wu An was waiting long ago.


 “Lady, this way please.” Wu An’s attitude towards Lady White Rabbit was even more polite than before.


 Lady White Rabbit was allowed to meet Fang Yuan, this showed that he still favored her, thus, Wu An placed a lot of importance on Lady White Rabbit. Because she represented the future of the immortal opportunity business!


 Lady White Rabbit was a little worried, asking Wu An: “Wu An, does Lord Wu Yi Hai cultivate like this all the time?”


 Wu An was stunned: “What do you mean?”


 Lady White Rabbit sighed in a gloomy tone: “Lord Wu Yi Hai cultivates really hard, he does not even waste any second of his time. Even when listening to my report, he did not stop cultivating, has he always been like this?”


 Wu An blinked: “Lady, I will speak the truth. Even though I have never watched Lord Wu Yi Hai cultivate, just a glimpse can tell many things. Lord Wu Yi Hai might be the most hardworking cultivator I have ever seen in my life. Disregarding anything else, just the fact that he is staying in his room and cultivating without leaving for so long, that would be impossible for me.”


 Lady White Rabbit became even more worried: “Precisely so, I am worried about Lord Wu Yi Hai. When he cultivates, he truly risks his life! There is a limit to cultivation speed, if he keeps at this, I am afraid he might not be able to endure it, and his mental state would be ruined. Wu An, if you have a chance, you must talk to Lord Wu Yi Hai, okay?”


 Wu An thought: “You have met with him more than I have, what can I do?”


 But he still nodded, acknowledging: “If I get a chance, I will talk to Lord Wu Yi Hai about this.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed Lady White Rabbit’s information.


 He had a clear grasp of Southern Border’s situation all along thanks to this.


 All in all, Southern Border was still quite peaceful.


 Even though Wu Du Xiu died, and Wu clan only had one rank eight Gu Immortal, Wu Yong, left. But this person displayed great battle strength and political methods after taking over Wu clan.


 Precisely so, even though Ba clan, Tie clan and others were watching closely, they had to contain their dark intentions.


 The situation of the rank eight Gu Immortals was reflected on Southern Border in many aspects. The situation at the super Gu formation was still calm. The immortal opportunity business was ongoing, Gu Immortals benefited and profited secretly, they were very happy, there were also Gu Immortals who did not participate, simply looking on from afar.


 “The Northern Plains blood battle martial competition has ended, Chu Sect became Chu tribe, Bai Zu tribe was preserved, while the Huang Jin tribes won and gained a lot of cultivation resources.”


 “This way, Northern Plains is also stabilizing.”


 “Eastern Sea, Western Desert, and Central Continent have little information available, most of them are obtained from treasure yellow heaven, I only have a vague idea. But they are also relatively peaceful now.”


 In truth, a peaceful state was most common in the five regions.


 Who would go ahead and fight to the death if a peaceful life was available?


 Northern Plains’ chaos was thanks to Fang Yuan. He destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and in addition to Shadow Sect’s schemes, a terrifying situation was created.


 Only in the five regions chaotic war did the five regions go into chaos, all sorts of order was torn down, fighting to become Gu Immortal was the main trend.


 The current situation was very calm.


 This was best for Fang Yuan.


 He entered his own dream realm, refining his dream path mortal Gu.


 Amidst green and verdant mountains, the merchant caravan was temporarily resting at the base of a mountain.


 Boom.


 Moonlight curved in the air agilely, moving past a rock ahead and hitting the tree branch behind it accurately.


 Immediately, wood shavings were sliced off, the thin branch was nearly cut down by the moonlight.


 “After practising for so many days, I finally succeeded!” Fang Yuan was covered in sweat, he felt immense joy.


 “Lad, not bad huh.” Gu Master Big Beard walked towards Fang Yuan.


 “Uncle Beard, thanks for teaching me this!” Fang Yuan gave a wide smile, he showed his white teeth as he smiled, he was a bright and joyful lad.


 Gu Master Big Beard was almost blinded by his shining aura, he blinked as he asked in confusion: “Normal people would only be able to go through such intense training for a week or so. But you woke up early and slept late, you would cultivate so long as you had the time, after a month, your enthusiasm has not faded yet. Is this boring cultivation process really so interesting?”


 Fang Yuan clenched his fists, his eyes were shining like the stars in the sky: “Of course, Uncle, don’t you find it amazing and incredible? A person can unleash incredible attacks with a wave of their hand. Cultivation itself is a very enjoyable thing.”



***
Chapter 1237 - Dragon Lady


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Gu Master Big Beard naturally did not understand Fang Yuan’s emotions.


 As a transmigrator from Earth, the special abilities of Gu Masters were simply superhuman. Turning from a normal person to a superhuman, of course Fang Yuan would be excited and enthusiastic.


 “Furthermore, my aptitude is low, only at C grade. How can I not work harder?” The young Fang Yuan chuckled as he spoke.


 “Uncle, go ahead with your business, I will continue cultivating.” Fang Yuan said again.


 Gu Master Big Beard laughed as he shook his head, tactfully leaving.


 Standing afar, he looked at Fang Yuan who was cultivating earnestly, he had a complex gaze as he muttered: “Even if you work so hard, what for? C grade aptitude... cruel reality will assault you and extinguish that fire of enthusiasm, failure will get rid of your excitement. Such enthusiasm and hard work, how long can it last?”


 At another corner of the dream realm, the real Fang Yuan was holding onto the branch that was nearly cut off by the moonlight.


 “Hmm, not bad this dream path Gu material is quite good, if I am lucky, I can refine more than ten dream path mortal Gu.”


 He smiled lightly as his deep dark pupils flickered with light, resembling stars in the sky.


 Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 The humans alike dragons Gu refinement method was at its final crucial moment.


 “Persevere, you cannot slack for even a moment, master, you can do it, you can definitely succeed.” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit screamed.


 The Gu formation was operating, the pillar of light was tall and mighty, like it was holding up heaven and earth.


 The center of the pillar was so shiny that one could not look at the light directly, there was a human shaped figure of fire in it.


 It was Bai Ning Bing!


 His face and body had all melted, like candles that were exposed to intense heat.


 His hair was all burned, his eyes were blind, even his hands and legs were all melted into one.


 Bai Ning Bing was nothing like a human.


 The intense pain had never stopped assaulting him for the last weeks!


 Initially, he screamed in pain, roaring at the sky, nearly fainting.


 But afterwards, he survived countless dangerous situations, forcibly preserving his life until now.


 Gritting his teeth and enduring.


 Next, his teeth and tongue were also melted by the raging wave rising dragon fire, fusing together.


 He smiled.


 A relentless smile.


 Next, he could not even smile anymore, because his nose and face had all melted like wax.


 Now, he was just a human pole, it was a horrific sight.


 But Bai Xiang heavenly spirit could sense Bai Ning Bing’s determination.


 His determination was firm as steel, after the burning of the fire and the pain that tempered him, he was becoming more firm and unwavering.


 Such determination made even Bai Xiang heavenly spirit lost for words!


 Initially, even Bai Xiang heavenly spirit did not think Bai Ning Bing would succeed.


 Because Bai Ning Bing’s situation was too terrible, the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method was extremely dangerous. Every Gu refinement carried risks of failure. In history, any Gu Master or Gu Immortal who tried to turn into a dragonman would be extremely careful and make ample preparations, only taking this risk after they were sufficiently prepared!


 Boom!


 An intense sound resembled the striking of thunder.


 The pillar of light dissipated, as a lump of fire flew upwards.


 It was shaped like a fiery dragon, its red body was strong as ever, after flying one round in the sky, it flew down towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing was a lump of meat now, his bones, flesh, dao marks, blood, and skin were all fused into one.


 The meat seemed like a bottomless hole, absorbing the whole of the fiery dragon that crashed towards it.


 Next, the meat turned red, the temperature rose, intense flames were raging nearby, causing distortions in the air due to the high heat.


 When the lump of meat became red to the extreme, it exploded, within a bright light, a brand new Bai Ning Bing was born.


 “Success, we succeeded!!” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit stared with wide eyes and muttered.


 Under the rays of the lingering light, Bai Ning Bing raised her head to the sky!


 Only to hear her say: “Ten thousand li mountain and nine layers of the abyss, dragons coil at the bottom of the well. Today I rise up towards the clouds, my proud body soars towards true freedom.”


 Her voice sounded like the roar of a dragon, winds were rumbling as it echoed in the entire Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was in admiration, he knelt on the ground and said: “Congratulations to master’s new life, you have regained your immortal status!”


 Bai Ning Bing stopped her roaring, she descended.


 She was expressionless, her skin was white as snow, her facial features were even more distinct now, her beauty had surpassed her former self!


 Her pale blue dragon eyes were emitting a cold aura to the outside world.


 But at the next moment, shock was expressed in her dragon eyes: “Hmm? What is going on? I already became an immortal, I have a real immortal aperture, why did I become a woman?”


 “This...” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit thought about his words carefully before explaining: “The humans alike dragons Gu refinement method uses master as the immortal material. The result of the refinement depends on the proportion of immortal materials and how they mix together. Master had transformation path dao marks earlier, to think that these dao marks would affect your body and actually influence the final result of the Gu refinement, turning you into a dragon lady.”


 Bai Ning Bing: “...”


 She realized that the information path dao marks and all her alliance agreements were gone, but the transformation path dao marks still affected the results of her refinement. Like what the heavenly spirit said, the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method could not be strictly controlled, the participating immortal material had a lot of influence on the result.


 Bai Ning Bing furrowed her brows.


 This was like a curse.


 Her female body curse had started ever since she was in Qing Mao Mountain.


 After pondering for a while, Bai Ning Bing asked: “How can I turn back to a man?”


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit replied: “This is easy, just cultivate transformation path in addition.”


 Bai Ning Bing was knowledgeable, she shook her head: “That does not solve the underlying problem, I have my Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, I will cultivate ice and snow path in the future.”


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit thought about it before saying: “Master, you have been reborn, the female body is your true gender. But if you want to change it, you will need to approach its root cause and find the other half of that rotation Gu from the past, and refine it into an Immortal Gu. Using that Immortal Gu, you will be able to become a man.”


 Bai Ning Bing: “...”


 The image of a person appeared in her mind uncontrollably.


 “Fang Yuan, to think that you would still be an obstacle to me now. Hmph!” Bai Ning Bing snorted internally, she knew that Fang Yuan had the rank eight battle strength upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 She had to plan for a long time to get that crucial Gu worm from Fang Yuan.


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 Above the clouds, Gu Immortals gathered.


 Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder said: “Bu Zhen Zi, you have to protect our sect’s fairy in this Northern Plains journey, she is only a false immortal, and her ascension was only recently.”


 Bu Zhen Zi was a supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House, a rank seven phantom path Gu Immortal, he said: “Everyone, as long as I am alive, I will ensure her safety.”


 He spoke with great confidence.


 First supreme elder nodded, looking at Zhao Lian Yun: “You must not charge ahead in this journey, always protect your own safety. Leave the rest to the others, the Gu Immortals going with you are all elite experts of the ten great ancient sects, with our advantage as the attacker, there is a high chance of success.”


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded, she understood now that this granny was actually the Gu Immortal with the highest authority in Spirit Affinity House.


 She bowed deeply to the first supreme elder, Xu Hao, and Li Jun Ying: “I am going now.”


 “Set off.” First supreme elder waved her hand.


 Bu Zhen Zi cupped his fists, bringing Zhao Lian Yun with him, riding on a ruin bat and flying away.


 “To think that Zhao Lian Yun would become our sect’s fairy.”


 “Heaven is toying with us.”


 “I wonder if she will be able to save that Ma Hong Yun?”


 “In my opinion, the chances are high, after all, all of the Gu Immortals going to Northern Plains are elites of our sects, this is a powerful force!”


 The Gu Immortals conversed as they left.


 “I will go talk to our daughter.” Fairy Bai Qing had a look of worry as she spoke to Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded.


 This time, he also wanted to go to Northern Plains, but Heavenly Court denied his suggestion.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a legendary genius rarely seen in thousands of years, he was so talented none could match him, he possessed rank eight battle strength with just rank seven cultivation level.


 According to common logic, he would be the best person to send to Northern Plains, but he was unable to become part of the rescue team.


 At this point, Feng Jiu Ge did not know what Heavenly Court was thinking or planning.


 When Fairy Bai Qing met with Feng Jin Huang, the latter was sitting by the lake, looking at the ripples on the surface as she went into a daze.


 Fairy Bai Qing felt caring and affection in her heart.


 She knew: Her daughter had always wanted to become Spirit Affinity House’s fairy, she worked hard for it. But now, Zhao Lian Yun gained love Gu’s acknowledgement, she was also supported by Heavenly Court, becoming Spirit Affinity House’s fairy.


 This way, Feng Jin Huang was eliminated from the competition.


 Fairy Bai Qing walked towards Feng Jin Huang: “Why? Still thinking about the fairy position?”


 “No, mother, I was thinking, why did I not obtain love Gu’s acknowledgement?” Feng Jin Huang’s eyes were red, she had secretly cried earlier.


 “That is because you do not have love.” Fairy Bai Qing sat beside Feng Jin Huang, stretching out her hand as she touched Feng Jin Huang’s hair.


 Feng Jin Huang asked: “Why do I not have love? What is love?”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s gaze flickered, she thought about it before saying: “Love is different from familial affection and friendship, it is a type of affinity, like when I met your father. Love came suddenly and nobody expected it. Love cannot be forced, it is all up to your affinity.”


 Feng Jin Huang shook her head: “I do not want to leave it to fate, this is not my style, I want to find love and be acknowledged by love Gu, and take back the position of fairy. Mother, do you think this is possible?”


 Fairy Bai Qing smiled, this was basically impossible, but seeing her daughter’s expectant gaze, as a mother, how could she say the truth?


 Thus, she said: “There is a possibility, but you need to find a lover first. A lover is not your father or mother, or those female companions by your side.”



***
Chapter 1238 - Luck Path Master


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Mother, you mean to say, it has to be...” Feng Jin Huang frowned, in the process of her growth, there were few youngsters who could match her. Spirit Affinity House had more women than men, this made Feng Jin Huang look down on those males of her generation since a young age.


 There was another important reason, that was, Feng Jin Huang’s father was too talented, it elevated her expectations, she could not see anything good in those boys around her.


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded, asking teasingly: “That’s right Huang Er, among those youngsters you met, who are you interested in?”


 Feng Jin Huang frowned, after thinking about it, she shook her head.


 Fairy Bai Qing almost laughed out loud, her daughter’s puzzled look was extremely cute, she asked again: “Then let me change my question, which youngster left the deepest impression on you?”


 At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was stunned.


 Fang Yuan’s image uncontrollably appeared in her mind.


 Fang Yuan was the one who dealt a pitiful defeat to her, Feng Jin Huang would never forget the scene on Dang Hun Mountain.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan had saved Feng Jiu Ge’s life before!


 All of these events made Feng Jin Huang have extremely complex feelings towards Fang Yuan.


 It was not pure hatred.


 It was also not pure gratitude.


 Fairy Bai Qing looked at Feng Jin Huang, who was in a daze, and her expression turned dark, she became flustered as she blamed herself: “Oh no! Why did I forget about Fang Yuan’s existence.”


 Fairy Bai Qing quickly said: “Huang Er, don’t think about it!”


 As a mother, Fairy Bai Qing was very worried. Even though Feng Jin Huang had grown a lot, she was still innocent regarding relationships, like a blank white sheet of paper.


 “That Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth. His actual age is probably older than both myself and your father!” Fairy Bai Qing said in a solemn time.


 “Most importantly, he is listed on the Demon Judgment Board, he is a vicious and evil demon, slaughtering countless and causing great harm to the world, he is very dangerous.”


 “But he saved father.” Feng Jin Huang retorted.


 Fairy Bai Qing said in a serious tone, looking deeply into Feng Jin Huang’s eyes: “You must remember this, gratitude and enmity cannot be mixed together, you need to draw the line. His gratitude of saving your father’s life was a coincidence, we will definitely repay him. But he is a demonic path member, he is vile and vicious, after repaying that debt, if we meet him again, we will exterminate him. Understood?”


 Feng Jin Huang nodded: “Understood!”


 Southern Border, Fang Yuan was inside the dream realm.


 “Achoo! Achoo!” Fang Yuan sneezed twice.


 He rubbed his nose as he said to the female Gu Master in front of him: “Again.”


 The female Gu Master was at the counter in front of him, she took out three rocks: “Please.”


 This was another dream realm.


 The earlier water path dream realm was too hard at the end, Fang Yuan gave up. A few days later, the dream realm changed, and a suitable one appeared for Fang Yuan.


 What made him happy was that successfully exploring this dream realm would raise his luck path attainment level!


 Luck path Gu Immortals were very few in numbers.


 Because even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path, he did not spread it.


 Thus, dream realms that contained luck path true meaning were rare. It was unlikely that Fang Yuan could encounter such a dream realm.


 Fang Yuan looked at the three rocks, he knew that according to the rules, he would need to win three consecutive times, finding the most valuable item in these three rocks to get to the second scene.


 Rock gambling.


 “I succeeded twice already, if I fail now, my efforts would be in vain, I should use unravel dream.”


 Fang Yuan activated the immortal killer move unravel dream.


 After waiting for a while, nothing happened.


 “What is going on?” While he was confused, the female Gu Master who attended to him looked at him amorously and whispered: “Little brother, choose the middle one, don’t worry, I won’t harm you.”


 Saying this, she winked at Fang Yuan in a subtle manner, it had a teasing flavor.


 Fang Yuan finally realized, this was unravel dream’s effect. He did not hesitate, he grabbed the middle one.


 The three rocks were opened, none had any Gu worms, but with the quality of the rocks themselves, the middle one had the highest value.


 The first scene faded, as he quickly entered the second scene.


 Northern Plains.


 Longevity Heaven.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar.


 Three floors of round altars with multiple pillars holding it up, white jade railings and shining aurora.


 Eight Gu Immortals in Longevity Heaven were standing at the center of the nine corners of Calamity Luck Altar, doing their best to concentrate in controlling the operations of Calamity Luck Altar.


 At the center of Calamity Luck Altar, Five Elements Grandmaster had a solemn expression, he was surrounded by three layers of rings in the five elements, but Calamity Luck Altar’s pressure was increasing, Five Elements Grandmaster had to use his true abilities to resist it.


 Both parties were silent.


 Because it was clear that both sides could not be moved with just words.


 But at this moment, the entirety of Longevity Heaven resounded with bell chimes.


 The Eight Extremities heard the bell chimes and shook, they were shocked and full of questions.


 “This is the immortal killer move ringing alarm bell, why did it activate?”


 “In the past, Ancestor Giant Sun set up this immortal killer move in Longevity Heaven, if we met with trouble, it would activate.”


 “But Five Elements Grandmaster has already been trapped.”


 The Eight Extremities were conversing, feeling lost.


 The leader of the Eight Extremities, Heaven Extremity said: “No, even when Five Elements Grandmaster attacked, ringing alarm bell did not activate, right now, it is pointing to another danger.”


 The others were flustered.


 “This means that the following calamity is going to be more severe than Five Elements Grandmaster’s attack?”


 “Right now, we have to use our full strength to suppress Five Elements Grandmaster using Calamity Luck Altar, we cannot divert our attention. How will we deal with it?”


 “With Calamity Luck Altar here, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities cannot do anything to us, it has to be a terrifying human calamity instead.”


 The second-in-charge, Earth Extremity, looked at Heaven Extremity and said: “In this situation, we can only awaken the Four Desolation Immortals.”


 Heaven Extremity had a solemn expression as he nodded.


 Five Elements Grandmaster spoke with a smile: “Longevity Heaven can barely fend for itself, I am curious, what kind of disaster can make this ringing alarm bell activate.”


 Heaven Extremity was about to speak when a voice could be heard near him: “These so called disasters are accompanied by fortune and good luck. They are luck path in essence, a type of uncertainty, as Gu Immortals, we have to turn these negative uncertainties into positive uncertainties. The concept of Calamity Luck Altar was derived from this.”


 Heaven Extremity heard this voice and felt great joy and surprise.


 Five Elements Grandmaster looked at this mysterious Gu Immortal who appeared, asking: “Which of the Four Desolation Immortals are you?”


 “Greetings to Lord South Desolation.” The Eight Extremities respectfully greeted at once, giving the answer to Five Elements Grandmaster.


 Longevity Heaven had twelve positions, separated into Eight Extremities and Four Desolations.


 The Four Desolation Immortals were East Desolation, South Desolation, West Desolation, and North Desolation, four rank eight immortals respectively.


 The Eight Extremities were: Heaven Extremity, Earth Extremity, Black Extremity, Yellow Extremity, Space Extremity, Time Extremity, Flood Extremity, Desolate Extremity, a total of eight rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Of course, Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, it had a huge space and abundant resources, other than these twelve, there were other Gu Immortals. But these twelve had the core authority of Longevity Heaven, they were elites among Gu Immortals.


 South Desolation Immortal wore an azure-gold suit of armor, his beard extended to his chest, he was a muscular man with an old appearance, he said: “When the bell rang, I woke up. This sound has three long notes and two short notes, it is neither fast or slow, it means that love Gu has entered Northern Plains. Love Gu has the power to defy fate, in the past, even Ancestor was wary of it. To obtain love Gu, Ancestor made a bet with Heavenly Court, but he failed to refine it even after three years. He could only set up some supreme luck path methods in it, that would activate one day. Love Gu would come to Northern Plains due to luck, and this would be the best opportunity for us to snatch love Gu!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immortal killer move was very amazing. His descendants could gain some information just by hearing the bells.


 Even though the Eight Extremities knew of ringing alarm bell, they did not know its specific details, after hearing South Desolation Immortal’s words, they were excited.


 It turned out that long ago, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had made his preparations.


 Heaven Extremity said: “Us Eight Extremities will follow Lord South Desolation’s lead, we are willing to die for Longevity Heaven, and obtain love Immortal Gu!”


 Southern Border.


 “This is Bai Xiang grotto-heaven!” Hei Lou Lan stepped through the immortal aperture’s entrance, officially getting into Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Ying Wu Xie and Shi Nu followed behind.


 “Hmm? Something’s not right.” Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed.


 At the next moment, the surroundings changed, the Gu formation was activated, trapping the four immortals in a special space.


 Bai Ning Bing’s figure slowly appeared.


 Shi Nu was shocked and furious, he growled: “You are Bai Ning Bing? You dare to betray us!”


 “Hmph, remnants of Shadow Sect, today will be the day you die!” Bai Ning Bing smiled coldly, a cruel light was shining in her pale blue dragon eyes.


 Ying Wu Xie was greatly surprised, Bai Ning Bing had broken free of his control, this was out of his expectations.


 He had a flash of inspiration: “So that’s it, you used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method? This method had been lost long ago, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven actually had it?!”


 “Honestly speaking, I need to thank you, now accept this present of gratitude from me.” Bai Ning Bing snickered, the image of the four immortals faded in front of her, before they vanished completely.


 “Wait, we can still negotiate...” Ying Wu Xie had not finished his words when the Gu formation activated, large amounts of snow rained as countless ice spears shot up from the ground, the four immortals quickly defended themselves.


 Remains of Yi Tian Mountain, inside the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, returning to reality.


 His soul was extremely weak, but it was not a problem, he had enough guts Gu to use.


 “Luck path master!” Fang Yuan inspected himself, his luck path attainment had risen to master level.


 The luck path dream realm earlier was fully explored.


 He had no remaining uses of unravel dream, but his gains were huge, his luck path attainment had jumped from ordinary to master attainment level.


 He immediately felt a difference.


 This feeling was mystical, it could not be described with words.


 “If my luck path attainment is at grandmaster level, I might want to get the self luck true inheritance from Lang Ya land spirit, if I can use it well, my strength would rise greatly.”


 “In my current case, I feel like I can already use unravel mystery Immortal Gu and dog shit luck Immortal Gu together, to greatly boost the effect of my immortal killer move qi luck sensation!”



***
Chapter 1239 - Filled With Killing Intent


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qi luck sensation.


 This immortal killer move came from Hei Fan grotto-heaven, the inheritance of Gu Immortal Feng Jun.


 It used qi luck Immortal Gu as the core, with supplementary mortal Gu, to allow a Gu Immortal to sense people who were closely related to them in terms of luck.


 Furthermore, the closer they were to each other, the clearer the connection would feel.


 Fang Yuan used this move to sense the locations of Ying Wu Xie and the rest, even though they were separated by regional walls.


 This was because Ying Wu Xie and the rest had their luck connected to Fang Yuan.


 After using Connect Luck, both parties would have their luck closely connected, they would share both fortune and disaster together.


 However, with Ying Wu Xie’s methods, he was able to negate a portion of the effect of qi luck sensation, he even could hide inside an immortal aperture to cut himself off from Fang Yuan’s detection.


 Fang Yuan was very wary of Ying Wu Xie and gang, even though Shadow Sect was a fraction of its former size, a broken ship was still better than a plank, a dying camel was larger than a horse, by just gathering Shadow Sect’s remaining resources, Ying Wu Xie and the rest would grow much more rapidly than Fang Yuan and at a steadier rate.


 “This time, after elevating qi luck sensation, I should be able to detect the locations of Ying Wu Xie and the rest. I will eliminate them in advance and get rid of this huge threat!”


 Fang Yuan decided to add Unravel Mystery into qi luck sensation, causing this killer move to have two cores instead of one.


 “Unravel mystery Immortal Gu is wisdom path, hmm... I should add some wisdom path Gu in.”


 “After that, I will use some group think Gu and some mortal connect luck Gu, hmm, and some pair Gu and sequence Gu.”


 ...


 Fang Yuan did not make any deductions, he was making decisions based on his instincts.


 A large number of mortal Gu were added in.


 Among these Gu worm, a portion were owned by Fang Yuan, but he had to buy more of them through treasure yellow heaven.


 Without any hurdles, soon, he obtained these Gu worms.


 But next, he did not activate the immortal killer move immediately, he went to do further testing.


 After adding so many Gu worms, qi luck sensation had changed greatly, if he activated it blindly, he might just fail immediately, Fang Yuan might get injured, or worse, his Gu worms might be destroyed. Destroying mortal Gu was fine, but if his Immortal Gu were destroyed, what would he do?


 When Gu Immortals create a new immortal killer move, the experimentation process was also very risky.


 Fang Yuan first separated the new qi luck sensation into several portions and did experiments on them one by one.


 The results of the experiments were very good.


 Not a single one failed.


 Fang Yuan next used wisdom path methods to deduce, modify and improve on the newly created qi luck sensation.


 Half a day later, Fang Yuan finally finished his deductions, he activated the newly modified qi luck sensation for the first time.


 Halfway through activating it, a small problem that was beyond Fang Yuan’s estimations occurred.


 It was not a big problem, but the result of success might possibly be affected.


 Fang Yuan was vigilant, he forcibly stopped the activation.


 Many mortal Gu were destroyed.


 Fang Yuan did not even blink at the result, as long as qi luck Immortal Gu and unravel mystery Immortal Gu were fine, it was no problem. He was very rich now, expending some mortal Gu was simply a negligible loss to Fang Yuan.


 As for the supplementary mortal Gu, they did not need to be purchased.


 Fang Yuan had considered this situation long ago, thus he purchased more than what he needed for one activation.


 He continued to deduce and found out the reasons that resulted in this unexpected change.


 This time, Fang Yuan spent half a day again modifying the immortal killer move. After fixing it, he experimented again.


 This time, towards the later half of the immortal killer move, a mishap occurred again.


 The immortal killer move used too many Gu worms, Fang Yuan could not completely deduce the entire process.


 Even though these small unexpected sparks appeared minimally, Fang Yuan still thought of inspecting them, he forcibly stopped the killer move once again.


 Be it unravel mystery Immortal Gu or qi luck Immortal Gu, they had to be used at the final juncture, thus, although he lost many mortal Gu, they were inconsequential.


 After repeated trial and error, he continued to deduce and modify it.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan finally obtained a relatively perfect version of qi luck sensation.


 This immortal killer move used three times the number of Gu worms as before, with two Immortal Gu as the core, unravel mystery Immortal Gu and qi luck Immortal Gu, they were like two shining suns in the sky.


 Activating the new qi luck sensation!


 A mystical feeling appeared inside Fang Yuan.


 First, he detected Ye Fan, Hong Yi, and Han Li, they were in Southern Border, Central Continent, and Western Desert respectively, the exact details were clearer than before, especially Ye Fan, Fang Yuan could tell that he was currently on Shang Liang Mountain.


 The rest were more vague.


 Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan appeared in Fang Yuan’s detection again.


 It was vague, countless times less clear compared to Ye Fan, he also did not know their exact location, but Fang Yuan could tell the general area they were in.


 “Strange, other than Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan, there is a third person, but they are just as unclear as them. Don’t tell me Ying Wu Xie used connect luck Immortal Gu to connect his luck with an unknown Gu Immortal?”


 Fang Yuan guessed the truth immediately.


 He frowned.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu was in Ying Wu Xie’s hands, this was no secret.


 This was Fang Yuan’s weakness.


 Currently, Fang Yuan no longer used Spring Autumn Cicada, he sealed it. In regards to luck, with dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s protection, it had turned from a weakness to his strength.


 But Ying Wu Xie and the rest were taking a portion of Fang Yuan’s advantage.


 When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable developed in his early days, a lot of his success was attributed to this dog shit luck Immortal Gu. But Fang Yuan was not enjoying it alone, his dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s effect was split among other people.


 If it was split equally with Ye Fan, Han Li, Hei Lou Lan, and Hong Yi, so be it. After all, these were four lucky people. But Ying Wu Xie and that new Gu Immortal were huge burdens, they were weakening the effects of Dog Shit Luck.


 “This direction... hehehe, to think that they are in Southern Border!”


 “Ying Wu Xie and the rest need to be eliminated, after killing them, I will be truly safe, nobody would come after the sovereign immortal body again.”


 “At the same time, after I kill them and remove the threat, my luck will rise greatly, the true power of Dog Shit Luck would be unleashed.”


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, he wanted to move immediately and get rid of Ying Wu Xie and the rest once and for all!


 Central Continent.


 “It is time, we can go now!” Rank eight Gu Immortal Wei Ling Yang shouted.


 His voice was hoarse, he had a middle aged appearance with dark bags under his eyes and looked listless, giving others a feeling of extreme fatigue.


 But he was the strongest among the three rank eight Gu Immortals on this journey, he was tasked as the leader of this rescue mission.


 Along with him, there were Bi Chen Tian and Myriad Tidal Dragon.


 These two were rank eight Gu Immortals as well.


 Bi Chen Tian joined the battle of Yi Tian Mountain and survived in the end.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon had higher seniority than Bi Chen Tian, recently, he was given pointers by Duke Long, his strength rose again.


 Duke Long was old and it was difficult for him to fight once again, but he controlled the situation and immediately changed the way that Heavenly Court functioned.


 They sent out three rank eight Gu Immortals, all from Heavenly Court, they had phantom apertures but their battle strength greatly surpassed the rank eight Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects.


 The immortals acknowledged his words and split into three groups, entering three Immortal Gu Houses respectively.


 These three Immortal Gu Houses were: Wind Cloud Manor’s Wind Sweeping Building, it had seven floors and had fluttering curtains; Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Canary Pavilion, small and exquisite, filled with liveliness; Combat Immortal Sect’s Edge Link Camp, it was a military stronghold with waving battle flags.


 Each Immortal Gu House was guarded by a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Zhao Lian Yun was in the middle one, Wind Cloud Manor’s Wind Sweeping Building.


 She was at the top floor, the safest place inside this Immortal Gu House.


 “Right now, our group is too powerful, we have three rank eight Gu Immortals as well as three Immortal Gu Houses! Victory is basically assured.” Bu Zhen Zi followed behind Zhao Lian Yun, saying this.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded, she was expressionless but her heart was jumping: “Hong Yun, I am coming! You must persevere.”


 The three Immortal Gu Houses were like shooting stars, flying towards the sky.


 Edge Link Camp was at the front, opening a path for the rest. Wind Sweeping Building was in the middle, in charge of reinforcements. Canary Pavilion was at the back, looking out for unexpected situations.


 The heavenly wind qi wall was right before them.


 Boom!


 Edge Link Camp unleashed its might, giant sharp horns were formed, resembling solid figures, as they stabbed into the heavenly wind qi wall fiercely. Without any resistance, they forcefully created a tunnel.


 Wind Sweeping Building and Canary Pavilion followed after it quickly.


 Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.


 Wind Sweeping Building continued to shake, Zhao Lian Yun was also shaking at the top floor, almost falling down.


 Bu Zhen Zi was tongue-tied: “It is said that the heavenly wind qi wall is thicker than the five regional walls, it seems to be true after seeing it myself. Our Wind Sweeping Building is just in the center, moving along the created tunnel, yet the heavenly winds are already causing us to be so unstable. It is hard to imagine what it is like inside Edge Link Camp!”


 The heavenly wind qi wall was created by heavenly wind qi, even after creating a tunnel, the wind would rush in and fill the gap very quickly.


 Thus, the three Immortal Gu Houses were very close together, almost touching the edges of each other, they continued to charge forward.


 Halfway through their journey, Edge Link Camp lost many Gu worms, its charging power fell and it went to the back.


 Wind Sweeping Building replaced Edge Link Camp’s spot, taking charge of creating a path ahead. After a quarter of the journey, Canary Pavilion went to the front.


 This way, some days later, the three Immortal Gu Houses finally broke through the heavenly wind qi wall and reached black heaven.


 Right now, in the Gu Master world, there were only black heaven and white heaven left of the immemorial nine heavens.


 It was clear why they did not choose white heaven.


 It was to prevent exposing themselves.


 Black heaven had natural concealment, it could help to hide the traces of the three Immortal Gu Houses to an extent.


 This way, the Central Continent Gu Immortals would ensure that they had the advantage in launching a sneak attack on this journey.



***
Chapter 1240 - Usefulness of Attainment Level


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Inside the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan recalled the power of qi luck sensation, realizing the usefulness of attainment level.


 “The process of elevating qi luck sensation just now was quite tedious, but it was actually very easy.”


 “Everything flowed naturally like water running down a drain.”


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would face difficulty in trying to improve or complete an immortal killer move. For example, Vicious Lightning Fiend from Myriad Dragon Dock of the ten great ancient sects took years before creating the immortal killer move lightning deity.


 “Vicious Lightning Fiend’s lightning deity was deduced using the remnant recipe of Blood Deity. It involved both lightning path and blood path. Vicious Lightning Fiend had enough lightning path attainment level, but his blood path attainment was just ordinary. Thus, he had to spend years, using resources from Myriad Dragon Dock, to succeed with difficulty.”


 “This is the lack of attainment level, one can only deduce forcefully, maybe high wisdom path attainment level can provide a lot of help, otherwise, inspiration or time would be needed. Hei Fan was a time path great expert, but even he had many immortal killer moves that were not completed after his death, right?”


 “However, once the attainment level is sufficient, deducing killer moves will no longer be deductions, it would be an instinct, it is extremely easy.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it.


 Just now, he elevated the immortal killer move qi luck sensation, he only spent a few days.


 But the results were shocking!


 When creating the framework of the immortal killer move, Fang Yuan did not think much, he only had a vague concept in his mind.


 Next, when he chose Gu worms, as long as they were luck path or wisdom path mortal Gu, he had a strong instinct about the selection.


 Instinct?


 This was hard to imagine.


 It really was, but once the attainment level was sufficient, one’s understanding towards Gu worms and the concepts of immortal killer moves of the specific paths would turn into an instinct of the Gu Immortal.


 This instinct was like a natural skill, as if one had it since birth, it was simple and effortless.


 Like how someone could breathe through their nose, it was a natural thing.


 “Attainment level is one’s understanding of the Great Dao.”


 “My luck path attainment is master level, this allows me to have acute sensations towards all contents of luck path, it is hard to describe with words. When elevating qi luck sensation, I did not need to test anything, I already knew what Gu worms would be suitable as the supplementary Gu.”


 “Similarly, for wisdom path, I have wisdom path grandmaster attainment level. My understanding of wisdom path surpasses luck path, thus, I could perfectly fuse unravel mystery Immortal Gu into qi luck sensation successfully.”


 Fang Yuan concluded and realized that the benefit of attainment level surpassed his former expectations.


 Being able to annex more immortal apertures was just a physical benefit.


 It had great effects on other aspects as well.


 “If I raise all of my attainment levels to grandmaster or even great grandmaster in the future, will I be able to create a terrifying killer move that uses all of the paths?”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts started to wander.


 “In fact, Spectral Soul had already reached this level. Perhaps this was why he could create sovereign immortal fetus Gu?”


 Conceptualizing immortal killer moves was the same in essence as creating Immortal Gu recipes.


 Thinking of Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan subconsciously looked towards a certain direction in Southern Border.


 Not long ago, he had confirmed with qi luck sensation that Ying Wu Xie and gang were over in that direction in Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan had already known the rough range of their whereabouts.


 Even though Fang Yuan had deep killing intent towards Ying Wu Xie and the others, he thought about it and decided to make some preparations before starting his assault.


 Even though Fang Yuan hatched the upper extreme heavenly eagle, it only had rank six battle strength.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest had wrong information, thinking that Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, but he could not possibly use this non-existent power to kill them, right?


 In the previous battle in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan saw the strength of Ying Wu Xie and the others.


 This time, after a long while, Fang Yuan could not estimate whether Ying Wu Xie and the rest had inherited Shadow Sect’s resources and gained a huge boost in strength.


 To play it safe, Fang Yuan made a lot of preparations, just in case.


 He wanted to use this chance to get rid of this huge threat!


 Qi luck sensation was a great example, Fang Yuan had also already started to fuse myriad self and sword dragon transformation.


 Other than that, he even borrowed Immortal Gu from Wu clan.


 This was the benefit of joining Wu clan.


 It was different from Lang Ya Sect, that was a sect and required sect contribution points. But Wu clan was a clan, Fang Yuan’s identity was Wu Yi Hai, the younger brother of Wu Yong, he had the closest bloodline relationship in the entire clan.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan asked to borrow some Immortal Gu from Wu clan’s treasury, Wu Yong did not stop him, he agreed.


 In fact, Wu Yong was quite satisfied with Fang Yuan’s recent performance.


 After Fang Yuan went to the super Gu formation, he held his side of the agreement and did not interfere in Wu clan’s politics, this allowed Wu Yong to easily gain control of Wu clan.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan, who acted as Wu Yi Hai, perfectly handled the immortal opportunity business. He displayed great political abilities and prevented Ba clan from interfering, he helped Wu clan control the situation and defend their territory inside the giant dream realm.


 This was a contribution to Wu clan, Wu Yong remembered Fang Yuan’s contribution, thus he not only agreed to lend some Immortal Gu from the treasury, he even lowered the cost of doing so.


 Fang Yuan paid a lot of Eastern Sea resources to borrow multiple Immortal Gu, among them were strength path dragon strength Immortal Gu and transformation path dragon scales Immortal Gu, they were all available. These Immortal Gu were added to fuse myriad self and sword dragon transformation, providing great help to Fang Yuan.


 Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 Inside the super Gu formation, Hei Lou Lan, Shi Nu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Ying Wu Xie were at four spots, defending against Bai Ning Bing.


 Howl howl howl...


 The super Gu formation was activated, intense winds blew, ice blades shot out, encircling the four Gu Immortals.


 With Ying Wu Xie leading and the three immortals helping, they resisted the super Gu formation’s pressure. Even though they were in a difficult state, the formation was still quite stable.


 Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 It was Bai Ning Bing, but only her upper body was present, her lower half was like smoke.


 ‘Bai Ning Bing’ appeared and charged towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the weakest among the four immortals, Bai Ning Bing chose to attack him, it was the right choice.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly retreated!


 In the battle earlier, he had already seen how powerful Bai Ning Bing’s attacks were, he suffered a lot due to it, if not for the other immortals’ help, he would have died already.


 “Change! Shi Nu, go.” Seeing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s predicament, Ying Wu Xie quickly commanded.


 A white light appeared on all four of them, before a deep eerie sigh was heard in the sky.


 Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had changed locations, swapping as Shi Nu faced ‘Bai Ning Bing”s attack.


 Shi Nu grunted, defending against it.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was behind Shi Nu, seeing this, he quickly used his cloud path Immortal Gu to heal him.


 “Bai Ning Bing is getting stronger, she is familiarizing herself with Bai Xiang’s methods, she is in control of many ice and snow path Immortal Gu that Bai Xiang had. The longer this drags on, the worse it will be for us!”


 “Damn it!”


 “Bai Xiang heavenly spirit actually had the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method! Wasn’t this method completely eliminated by Duke Long? How could he have missed this.”


 “Also... during the battle earlier, I sensed something in my luck. Fang Yuan actually raised his detection method to this extent, even if I hide inside an immortal aperture now, he would still discover me.”


 Ying Wu Xie was facing huge pressure!


 Bai Ning Bing betrayed them and was getting stronger every minute, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were desperately trying to defend against her, they could not leave.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan knew where they were.


 But Ying Wu Xie had the information that Fang Yuan possessed rank eight battle strength! If he got here, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven could not block the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 This meant that Fang Yuan could appear at any moment. Ying Wu Xie would not even be surprised if Fang Yuan showed up suddenly at the next moment.


 “Bai Ning Bing, stop it! Fighting would harm us both, only working together will bring benefits.”


 “Since you are now a dragonman, you are qualified to inherit the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace. In the past, the dragonmen were extremely powerful with a large number of Gu Immortals, they managed to create Dragon Palace. After the dragonmen went extinct, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace has been secretly hidden in a certain area of Eastern Sea. My Shadow Sect knows roughly where it is, but only someone who has used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method to become a dragonman Gu Immortal can inherit it.”


 “If you work with us, Dragon Palace will be yours!”


 Ying Wu Xie shouted.


 Bai Ning Bing had no reaction, the super Gu formation was continuing to attack unceasingly.


 Ying Wu Xie was stifled, he called out: “Bai Ning Bing, it will be too late if you don’t stop! A great enemy whom we both know of is coming, he has a rank eight level upper extreme heavenly eagle, and has already used luck path methods to find out our location.”


 “I am not lying to you, our luck vibrated earlier, you must have sensed it too, right?”


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, transmitting: “I would like him to come here. I want to cooperate with him, even if I have to give up this Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, so be it.”


 Ying Wu Xie was anxious, he yelled: “Aren’t we clear what kind of person he is? You are playing with fire, you will get burned to a crisp in the end. Wait, why do you want to cooperate with him?”


 Bai Ning Bing sneered: “This is our business, it has nothing to do with you. The four of you should just die here!”


 Ying Wu Xie had a flash of inspiration: “I know, you want that rotation Gu in his hands? That’s right, you used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method but turned into a dragon lady. You want to become a man, you need to solve the origin of the issue. I have the Gu worm that you need! It is with me.”


 “What?” Bai Ning Bing was surprised.


 For the first time since the super Gu formation attacking Ying Wu Xie had activated, it showed signs of slowing down.



***
Chapter 1241 - Journey in Black Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Zhao Lian Yun stood at the top of the Immortal Gu House, Wind Sweeping Building, looking outside.


 Only to see that black heaven was covered in darkness, a dark veil was shrouding the surroundings.


 But there was light.


 Small specks of blurry lights appeared in Zhao Lian Yun’s vision, they seemed far away.


 Black heaven was huge, or rather, the immemorial nine heavens were all huge, every layer of the heavens would have the collective size of the five regions.


 But because of Ren Zu and his ten children, only black heaven and white heaven were left now.


 “We finally got past the heavenly wind qi wall and entered black heaven.”


 “This is black heaven? It seems peaceful.”


 The surrounding Gu Immortals started conversing.


 There were more people on this floor than Zhao Lian Yun and Bu Zhen Zi.


 “We entered black heaven.” Wei Ling Yang transmitted to the other two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Right now, the three Immortal Gu Houses changed their positions again.


 Edge Link Camp was at the lead, flying in front, while Canary Pavilion and Wind Sweeping Building were at its sides respectively, slightly towards the back.


 The other rank six and seven Gu Immortals have never entered black heaven before, they did not know the dangers. Wei Ling Yang, Myriad Tidal Dragon and Bi Chen Tian were very clear about them.


 The immemorial nine heavens were usually places only rank eight Gu Immortals could enter and explore for resources.


 There were special rank seven Gu Immortals like Feng Jiu Ge and Chu Du, they could enter but at a high risk.


 Regardless of anything else, after entering black heaven, the three Immortal Gu Houses became much slower.


 Furthermore, the Immortal Gu Houses no longer shined brightly, they were grey and dusty, like three lifeless rocks.


 The surrounding Gu Immortals’ discussions came to a stop.


 The entirety of this floor in Wind Sweeping Building went into silence.


 It was completely silent.


 The first impression that black heaven gave to Zhao Lian Yun was that it was really huge.


 “It seems that we were quite lucky.” Bi Chen Tian said.


 “We should remain careful, the journey has just started.” Myriad Tidal Dragon kept up his vigilance.


 Wei Ling Yang suddenly said: “Careful, there is a beast group ahead.”


 The three Immortal Gu Houses went even slower now, even with such a strong lineup, the three rank eight Gu Immortals were careful and moved with vigilance.


 Loud sounds soon entered Zhao Lian Yun’s ears.


 “What are those things?”


 “It seems like a group of boars.”


 Many Gu Immortals leaned on the windows, looking outside.


 Soon, the immortals gasped in succession.


 With the power of the Immortal Gu Houses, the Gu Immortals could see past the dark veil, noting that a large group of boars were below them.


 Pigs were flying in the sky, was it quite funny?


 No, the Gu Immortals had different feelings.


 They were all shocked!


 “These are astral wind flying heavenly boars, my goodness, there are so many.”


 “It is hard to imagine that each astral wind flying heavenly boar is an ancient desolate beast that has rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength. It is rare to see one in the five regions, but here there are hundreds.”


 “Thankfully, desolate beasts have low intelligence, they do not have the intelligence of humans.”


 The Gu Immortals felt gladness amidst their shock.


 These astral wind flying heavenly boars were snorting loudly as they flew in the sky. Under the immortals’ gazes, the leading boar king who had the largest body suddenly charged and stomped its feet into the heavenly wind qi wall.


 Immediately, the astral wind flying heavenly boars behind the boar king did the same.


 They were agile like flying fish, they had agility incomparable with their boar bodies, they charged into the heavenly wind qi wall.


 Soon, the large group of astral wind flying heavenly boars vanished from sight.


 Bu Zhen Zi stood beside Zhao Lian Yun, sighing: “Nature is wondrous and incredible. Us Gu Immortals have such difficulty passing the heavenly wind qi wall. But for these astral wind flying heavenly boars, it is incredibly easy. The heavenly wind qi wall is like water for fish in the sea.”


 At this time, a voice said: “Actually, long ago, Gu Immortals of the past had realized this. They eliminated the astral wind flying heavenly boars and used the immortal materials gathered from their bodies to refine qi path Immortal Gu. These qi path Immortal Gu were useful in helping the Gu Immortals pass the heavenly wind qi wall.”


 Bu Zhen Zi and Zhao Lian Yun turned around, only to see a young male Gu Immortal as beautiful as a female, he stood before them quietly, smiling.


 Bu Zhen Zi’s eyes shined, he recognized this person.


 The young male Gu Immortal cupped his fists and greeted: “I am Yu Yi Ye Zi from Ancient Soul Sect, greets to senior Bu Zhen Zi, and Spirit Affinity House’s Current Generation Fairy Zhao.”


 “Yu Yi Ye Zi, you may have rank six cultivation level, but you are extremely talented, often, rank seven Gu Immortals would approach you to refine Immortal Gu, or research Immortal Gu recipes, you are one of the top rank six Gu Immortals.” Bu Zhen Zi replied with a praising tone, but most importantly, he was explaining this to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun obtained a phantom aperture and placed love Gu inside, after intense training, she finally joined the circle of Gu Immortals.


 She was not very familiar with Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.


 “Hello, Yu Yi Ye Zi.” Zhao Lian Yun nodded at the young Gu Immortal, before asking: “Since you said that, why did we not use those Immortal Gu when we passed the heavenly wind qi wall?”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi laughed: “That is because the era where qi path was strong is over. Right now, countless qi path Gu recipes are lost, and Gu materials used to refine them have gone extinct. Think about it, how many people can enter the immemorial nine heavens? Almost all Gu Immortals can only explore this place after reaching rank eight. Thus, having such an Immortal Gu has little effect on them to begin with.”


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded, expressing her understanding.


 At this time, clamors could be heard from the immortals by the windows.


 Zhao Lian Yun turned around and looked, only to see that a huge patch of black clouds narrowly moved past Wind Sweeping Building.


 “Black clouds are very common in black heaven. The ones we are seeing are among the smallest in black heaven. The real giant black clouds are like floating continents in the sky. Deep within the black clouds, there are terrifying fierce beasts or plants.” Yu Yi Ye Zi explained.


 Even these smallest black clouds took several minutes for the three Immortal Gu Houses to fly past.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was really knowledgeable, he knew many things that even the rank seven Gu Immortal Bu Zhen Zi was unsure of, and could explain them clearly.


 He answered almost all of Zhao Lian Yun’s questions.


 The two conversed more as time passed, and the atmosphere was very relaxed.


 In the following journey, the three Immortal Gu Houses encountered several black clouds along the way. These black clouds were not very evident in black heaven, without a strong investigative killer move, one would unknowingly fly into them.


 The black clouds were like lone islands in the sea, the surface of the black clouds and even the interior were not empty, there were living beings residing there.


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals were very careful, they did not move their Immortal Gu Houses into the black clouds.


 They would rather take a detour and spend more time to avoid the clouds.


 But sometimes, even when you avoid trouble, trouble still comes to you.


 Hissing could be heard as a large group of dark venomous snakes flew out of the black clouds, attacking the three Immortal Gu Houses.


 These dark venomous snakes were all desolate beast level, while the king snake was an ancient desolate beast.


 “How can this be? At this distance, we should not be in the territory of the dark venomous snake group.” Wei Ling Yang was surprised.


 “Fight or retreat?” Bi Chen Tian asked.


 Wei Ling Yang thought about it: “Retreat, we should avoid fighting to preserve our battle strength, the journey ahead is very long.”


 “But retreating won’t be easy, these are dark venomous snakes.” Inside another Immortal Gu House, Myriad Tidal Dragon transmitted.


 The dark venomous snakes held grudges, once they lock onto prey, they would not give up.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses flew rapidly, but even after a distance, the dark venomous snake group still trailed behind them.


 Not only this, more and more dark venomous snakes were emerging from the black clouds.


 “So many snakes!”


 “That black cloud is like a snake den.”


 “I wonder how our three rank eight lords will deal with this?”


 “In my opinion, we should fight, we have three Immortal Gu Houses after all!”


 “That’s right, these dark venomous snakes have poison path dao marks, and their snake guts are the best immortal material to refine healing Immortal Gu.”


 The Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu Houses talked to each other, expressing their views.


 But the three rank eight Gu Immortals continued to escape, they did not follow their wishes to fight.


 They continued flying like this.


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals tried to avoid as they retreated, in their following journey, they encountered another group of dark venomous snakes, the size was even larger than before. Other than that, they even encountered bear mosquitoes.


 These mosquitoes were huge like bears, they had terrifying mouths. But most importantly, their numbers were huge, far greater than the dark venomous snakes.


 The bear mosquito group was very large, on one occasion, the three Immortal Gu Houses were surrounded by a group of bear mosquitoes, they had to fight.


 Each bear mosquito had desolate beast battle strength.


 Tens of thousands of bear mosquitoes attacked at once, what did that mean?


 It was terrifying!


 After that battle, the Gu Immortals who wanted to fight all shut up, they realized how dangerous black heaven was.


 Thankfully, they had three Immortal Gu Houses and the protection of rank eight Gu Immortals, otherwise, they would all die under the attacks of the bear mosquitoes.


 After flying for a while more, they started seeing starlight ahead.


 Above a black cloud, there was star fragment grass growing with countless insect groups living on top of the grassland.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses stopped for the first time, several Gu Immortals were sent out to harvest the star fragment grass and other resources.


 “Did you all feel it?” Wei Ling Yang transmitted.


 “That’s right, this journey in black heaven is especially smooth, I have never encountered this when exploring black heaven.” Bi Chen Tian sighed.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon continued: “Perhaps the most crucial thing currently in saving Ma Hong Yun is Zhao Lian Yun’s existence, it affects our luck. These clouds in the immemorial nine heavens normally float randomly, they have no fixed pattern, even heaven’s will cannot interfere with their movement. Whatever we encounter is up to luck.”


 Wei Ling Yang nodded: “I think so too.”



***
Chapter 1242 - Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Above the vast sea of clouds, a person was standing still, looking at the clouds move as he remained silent.


 This person wore an azure-gold suit of armor, his beard extended to his chest, he was a muscular man with an old appearance, it was South Desolation Immortal.


 “I, Yao Huang, pay respects to Lord South Desolation!” A figure emerged, it was Yao tribe’s first supreme elder, rank eight Gu Immortal Yao Huang.


 South Desolation Immortal turned around and said while smiling: “We are both rank eights, just treat me as a friend, no need to be so polite.”


 Yao Huang bowed reverently: “In terms of cultivation level, Lord South Desolation, you are far beyond me. In terms of seniority, I am a descendant of countless generations below you, how can I be so rude?”


 South Desolation Immortal nodded, sighing: “You are good, but it is a pity that our Huang Jin bloodline is dwindling. In this huge Northern Plains, outside of Longevity Heaven, you are the sole rank eight Gu Immortal that belongs to a Huang Jin tribe!”


 Prince Feng Xian was a member of Gong tribe, but from South Desolation Immortal’s perspective, he was an outsider in terms of bloodline.


 “Back in my generation, there were four rank eights in the Huang Jin tribes, one of them was known as the Tiger God, he had incredible might, he was thought highly of by the people and was a potential seed to ascend to rank nine. Unfortunately, he died in black heaven. Time is merciless, the Huang Jin bloodline is declining every generation.”


 South Desolation Immortal showed deep disappointment in his eyes.


 Yao Huang could not speak.


 Yao Huang was not qualified to speak such criticism of the Huang Jin bloodline, only South Desolation Immortal had the right to comment on it.


 And he was expressing a fact as well.


 Yao Huang had nothing to retort.


 It was like this, Northern Plains’ Huang Jin tribes were degrading, they were lacking talents, in contrast, lone and demonic cultivators were rising up with large numbers of geniuses, like Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Chu Du, and that Liu Guan Yi as well.


 “However, Ancestor Giant Sun had anticipated this situation.” South Desolation Immortal suddenly said, causing Yao Huang to feel great shock.


 “Oh? Ancestor Giant Sun lived in the Medieval Antiquity Era, he could predict this future situation?”


 “Even though our ancestor cultivated luck path, his wisdom path capabilities were not low at all. Furthermore, ‘luck’ is uncertainty in essence, ancestor created luck path, he naturally learned the true meaning of change in this world. After he created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he proclaimed that this building was bound to fall one day, when it did, a great era would begin, it was a sign of changing times.” South Desolation Immortal added.


 Yao Huang was shocked: “Is that so?”


 What was a great era?


 It was a great era if an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable could come into existence.


 South Desolation Immortal sighed deeply: “Ancestor Giant Sun spent a lot of effort and set up many arrangements to help his descendants and preserve strength. He wanted to ensure that they would be part of the wave in this great era’s storms and tides. In the worst case, he wanted to ensure that his bloodline would be passed down intact.”


 Yao Huang hesitated: “No matter how weak our Huang Jin bloodline becomes, we must be able to defend ourselves, at least? Northern Plains is still under our control, and even if we are useless, there is still Longevity Heaven.”


 South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Longevity Heaven might be strong, but it is just the immortal aperture of our ancestor. Meanwhile, Heavenly Court has the immortal apertures of three Immortal Venerables, and all of the members of Heavenly Court have contributed their own grotto-heavens throughout history. How can Longevity Heaven’s foundation compare to Heavenly Court? Like right now, Central Continent came to invade us, they sent three rank eight Gu Immortals and three Immortal Gu Houses. Does our Huang Jin bloodline possess such strength?”


 Yao Huang was tongue-tied: “What? Central Continent invaded?!”


 South Desolation Immortal did not explain, he said: “Follow me.”


 Saying this, he flew to the sky.


 Yao Huang quickly followed after him.


 The two immortals flew through the heavenly wind qi wall, getting into black heaven.


 Under South Desolation Immortal’s lead, Yao Huang headed towards the southeast direction.


 After flying for a while, Yao Huang was shaken: “Black heaven is such a dangerous place, even though I explore it often for rank eight immortal materials, I have never had such a smooth journey without any obstacles before. Don’t tell me Lord South Desolation has a map of black heaven?”


 But the truth was, maps did not work in the immemorial nine heavens.


 The clouds that were in the nine heavens were constantly changing. Some were in specific locations, but those were rare and few.


 The Central Continent group had a relatively smooth trip, but they still encountered trouble like the astral wind flying heavenly boar group, the dark venomous snake group and other problems. South Desolation Immortal and Yao Huang met with absolutely no issues, they were safe and sound, as if they were strolling in their own garden.


 “Alright, this is the place.” South Desolation Immortal stopped flying.


 Yao Huang also slowed down, stopping beside him.


 He felt a little strange, this place was empty, without a trace of wind, why was South Desolation Immortal stopping here?


 At the next moment, South Desolation Immortal answered him with an action.


 His body shined with golden light, like a fragment of the sun, Yao Huang had to close his eyes in response.


 Yao Huang’s heart jumped.


 Black heaven was dark and eerie, this action of creating strong light would attract the attack of countless fierce beasts.


 Even though he became alert, no beast groups came attacking.


 “Is this really black heaven?” Yao Huang wondered.


 A moment later, South Desolation Immortal’s immortal killer move was completed, a grand dark gold palace appeared out of nowhere, revealing its majestic appearance.


 Yao Huang had never expected an Immortal Gu House to be hidden here.


 But he quickly realized what this palace was, he became extremely agitated as he called out: “This is Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace?”


 Calamity Luck Altar, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, these were the three Immortal Gu Houses that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable owned during his life.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was placed in Imperial Court blessed land by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Calamity Luck Altar was kept in Longevity Heaven, while this Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was placed in black heaven, hidden for countless years!


 “Ancestor Giant Sun placed Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here, there clearly are deep intentions. But what was he planning?”


 Yao Huang continued to guess as South Desolation Immortal turned around to look at him: “Follow me.”


 Yao Huang followed South Desolation Immortal, entering Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “Both of you have arrived.” Inside the hall, there was one person.


 He sat on a cushion, he was not formed from will, he opened his eyes as lightning flashed in his eyes, golden radiance shone brightly.


 Yao Huang saw this and shuddered, huge waves were churning in his heart: “Ancestor, Ancestor Giant Sun?!”


 ...


 Howl!


 The wolf group called out, chasing after the three Immortal Gu Houses.


 These wolves had long and slim bodies, they had black eyes, claws, and fangs, they were emitting cold glints of light. Most amazingly, they had no fur on their bodies, they had black and shiny leather armor that were very tough.


 This was a night heavenly wolf group. The size was huge, there were over ten thousand night heavenly wolves.


 Each night heavenly wolf was a desolate beast, wolf kings were ancient desolate beasts, there was even a wolf emperor, it had rank eight battle strength!


 “We can’t escape, we are surrounded.”


 “To think that the wolf emperor has a wild rank eight Immortal Gu that can conceal traces!”


 “A wolf group of this scale is not seen often in black heaven, we actually met one.”


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals conversed rapidly.


 Wei Ling Yang shouted: “Charge towards the northwest!”


 Edge Link Camp opened a path in front, its aura rose as immortal essence was expended rapidly, forming a huge charging horn.


 Wherever the giant horn went, it pierced into the wolf formation, creating a huge hole as several hundred desolate beast night heavenly wolves died.


 The Immortal Gu House charged into the wolf group, as Canary Pavilion and Wind Sweeping Building followed close after it.


 The huge battle was dangerous and terrifying.


 The wolf emperor attacked during the battle, its huge hill-like claws sent the Immortal Gu Houses flying.


 Thankfully, each of the Immortal Gu Houses had a rank eight Gu Immortal inside, the three Immortal Gu Houses could display their might and kill countless wolves.


 The wolf group’s encirclement tactic was at an incredibly profound level, even though the three Immortal Gu Houses charged ahead, they could not break out.


 Eventually, the wolf emperor howled and retreated with the other wolves, causing this bloodbath to end.


 The wolf group had sustained losses that were too huge, the wolf emperor did not want to weaken it any further, thus it left.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses were extremely damaged, a great number of Gu worms were destroyed, including three Immortal Gu. The three rank eight Gu Immortals also worked up a sweat, they were in difficult conditions.


 Their immortal essence expenditure was immense.


 “Why is it that the closer we get to Northern Plains, the harder it becomes?”


 “We have already encountered five night heavenly wolf groups, we also met dragon crocodiles, ghost spirit foxes... it seems like countless beast groups are trying to kill us.”


 “Forget about these beast groups, the most important thing is that we cannot encounter any black-white overturning clouds anymore. That time, this Wind Sweeping Building almost failed to come back.”


 “Let’s rest first and fix the Immortal Gu Houses.” Wei Ling Yang said.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses had just stopped, when countless lights illuminated an enormous surrounding range.


 It resembled the blooming of countless flowers, the sparks were light red and looked like countless overlapping petals of flowers, but inside the flames, there were dark spots.


 “Oh no, this is a special phenomenon of black heaven — black lanterns, blind fire nurtures inside them, do not look at them!” Bi Chen Tian shouted as he shut his eyes.


 But it was too late, many Gu Immortals only took one look before they lost their sight.


 Inside the three Immortal Gu Houses, screaming and shouting could be heard, it was chaotic.


 Zhao Lian Yun was quite lucky, she was facing the interior of the Gu House as she spoke to Yu Yi Ye Zi.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi looked at the blind fire from the black lanterns, feeling his vision weakening rapidly as it turned blurry, he quickly shut his eyes.


 He was very knowledgeable, but many Gu Immortals were not.


 Some were leaning on the windows as they looked around, they saw at least ten thousand blind fires, their vision turned completely dark, losing the ability to see anything.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses quickly escaped hurriedly.


 Black lanterns did not cause any physical damage, unlike wind or rain, the Immortal Gu Houses charged through them as they quickly left the black lanterns behind.


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals counted, at least three people permanently lost their sight without any ways to recover. Seven had severely weakened vision, it greatly affected their battle strength, but it could be salvaged at a high price, some healing Immortal Gu were needed to be sent through treasure yellow heaven.


 “We just left the wolf group and wanted to rest, when we encountered black lanterns, while at the center of them! This is too unlucky.”


 “Wait, what is that?”


 A swarm of ants were approaching.


 Each ant was a Gu worm.


 Nether ant Gu!


 “Nether ants open a path, there has to be a soul beast army of hundreds of thousands or even millions. Run, quickly run!”


 The three Immortal Gu Houses had just stopped when they were forced to flee again.



***
Chapter 1243 - A Favor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable actually appeared in front of Yao Huang.


 Yao Huang was overwhelmed with shock, he could not believe it.


 “I, South Desolation, pay respects to Immortal Venerable.” At this time, South Desolation Immortal greeted respectfully.


 “This unfilial descendant greets ancestor!” Yao Huang was shaking from excitement, he quickly knelt down on the ground, tears flowing over his face.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled lightly: “Stand up, my main body has already died, I am merely a corpse sitting before you now.”


 Yao Huang raised his head in shock, after inspection, he finally saw that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in front of him was not alive, he was an immortal zombie.


 Ever since Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu, all souls in this world could remain in the realm of the living, since then, zombies appeared.


 Gradually, when Gu Immortals realized they had insufficient lifespan, they would become immortal zombies, it was their best alternative.


 Even though Heavenly Court was against it and tried to stop it, they could not resist the desires of humans, more and more immortal zombies showed up in the five regions.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals could become immortal zombies, there was no reason why Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not do the same, right?


 Thinking of this, Yao Huang’s doubts vanished.


 Giant Sun immortal zombie continued to explain: “Right now, other than my body, I only have some remnant will left inside this body.”


 But Yao Huang was still very excited: “Undeniably, you are the source of our Huang Jin bloodline, our common ancestor. As long as you show yourself, all of the Huang Jin tribes would end their conflicts and be united as one. The entirety of Northern Plains would belong to us Huang Jin tribes again!”


 But Giant Sun immortal zombie shook his head: “My main body died long ago, I only left a corpse behind. I did not manage to surpass rank nine and attain eternal life, what is the point of showing myself? I will just be a laughing stock.”


 “Furthermore, my body only has one attack left, if I move even slightly, it will fizzle out.”


 “Just one attack?” Yao Huang was shocked, the admiration and excitement in his eyes did not fade at all: “Even if ancestor can only attack once, it will definitely shake heaven and earth, and make the sun and moon pale in comparison.”


 Giant Sun immortal zombie laughed: “That is naturally the case. But don’t count on it. I set Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here to defend Northern Plains. But I left this body behind for another reason, I need to return a favor.”


 “A favor?” Yao Huang was shocked.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable became an immortal zombie and stayed in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace for three hundred thousand years just to return a favor.


 Who was it, who could make a great Immortal Venerable owe a favor?


 And this favor was so huge that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to do this?


 Yao Huang was very confused, but Giant Sun immortal zombie did not explain it, he said: “Right now, Central Continent invaded but I cannot fight them off. Don’t count on me, it all depends on you two.”


 Yao Huang slowly stood up with a solemn expression: “Central Continent’s Gu Immortals might have a strong lineup, but we have Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, myself and Lord South Desolation. Don’t worry ancestor, I will defend against these people at all costs, even if I have to give up my life, I will do so without hesitation.”


 Giant Sun immortal zombie looked at Yao Huang before shutting his eyes, returning to an inactive state.


 At this moment, he seemed to have become a statue, he no longer spoke.


 Yao Huang did not know why, but South Desolation Immortal patted his shoulder: “Come with me.”


 The two immortals left the main hall, going to the hall behind it.


 Yao Huang was still excited from earlier: “Please give me orders, Lord South Desolation, I will do whatever it takes!”


 South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace is a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was created by Ancestor Giant Sun personally using the heaven and earth luck true inheritance. Ancestor Giant Sun had great foresight, he placed Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here for three hundred thousand years, suppressing this area until now. Do you know what heaven and earth luck is?”


 Yao Huang was dazed, muttering: “Heaven and earth luck...”


 South Desolation Immortal did not wait for a response, he smiled: “A person has their own luck, a beast has its luck, a blade of grass also has its own luck. Any life form has luck. Other than that, rocks, rivers, they all have luck. And for the entirety of this heaven and earth, there is also heaven luck and earth luck.”


 “The heaven and earth luck true inheritance deciphers the profundities of heaven and earth, researching them, using them, and changing them.”


 “Forget the fact that there are three rank eight Gu Immortals who brought three Immortal Gu Houses with them, even if they doubled in numbers, once they came here, they were goners.”


 “I did not call you here for you to risk your life. You are the only rank eight Huang Jin bloodline descendant outside of Longevity Heaven.”


 “Huh?” Yao Huang was shocked.


 South Desolation Immortal continued: “I have little lifespan left, after surviving for so long, lifespan Gu stopped working on me. Next, I want you to see how I manipulate this Immortal Gu House, and eliminate these Central Continent Gu Immortals. After I die, you will inherit my position as South Desolation.”


 Yao Huang stared with wide opened eyes, shouting: “Lord South Desolation!”


 ...


 Wind Sweeping Building was silent inside.


 The black lanterns were like wind, rain, and lightning, they were a unique type of phenomenon in black heaven.


 They were not unprotected, but the black lanterns appeared too suddenly. And most importantly, when they appeared, Canary Pavilion, Wind Sweeping Building, and Edge Link Camp were right at the center of countless black lanterns.


 Normally speaking, when rank eight Gu Immortals explored black heaven, if they saw any black lanterns, they would avoid them from afar.


 This time, the Central Continent Gu Immortals had just escaped the night heavenly wolf group, they relaxed and did not expect the black lanterns to appear, thus, many Gu Immortals were heavily injured as a result.


 At the top of Wind Sweeping Building.


 “Father! Your eyes?!” Rank six Gu Immortal Shi Zheng Yi had tears in his eyes as he sobbed.


 His father was a famous rank seven Gu Immortal expert, to think that he was one of the three who went blind.


 When the black lanterns appeared, he was using an investigative killer move to observe the wolf group, his investigative killer move was very useful, but that resulted in him losing his vision instead.


 It was confirmed that from now on, Shi Ge would no longer be able to see, he would be a blind man that could never use his eyes again.


 But Shi Ge was calm, he stretched out his arm, patting Shi Zheng Yi’s head, saying: “So what if I lose my sight? I have many methods and countless investigative killer moves, even if I lose my vision, I can still cultivate and fight. What is the matter?”


 “But...” Shi Zheng Yi lowered his head and gritted his teeth, almost at the point of crying.


 “My son, don’t cry easily. Gu Immortal cultivation is full of dangers. As long as we are still alive, we should continue charging ahead. Don’t cry like a weakling. Don’t you like listening to stories? Think about those protagonists, how did they live?” Shi Ge said softly.


 Shi Zheng Yi nodded: “Father, I understand!”


 Even the rank seven Gu Immortal expert Shi Ge lost his sight from this.


 Zhao Lian Yun looked at this as her heart shook, she felt that this Immortal Gu House, Wind Sweeping Building, was not so safe after all.


 But she soon thought of Ma Hong Yun.


 “Hong Yun, wait for me. No matter how dangerous and hard this is, I will find you and rescue you!”


 Zhao Lian Yun cheered herself on as determination shone in her eyes.


 “Yu Yi Ye Zi, how are you?” Zhao Lian Yun asked the young Gu Immortal beside her.


 This refinement path Gu Immortal had been sitting on the ground with his eyes shut after seeing the black lanterns outside the window, he had been using an immortal killer move to heal himself.


 Hearing Zhao Lian Yun’s question, Yu Yi Ye Zi did not stop his immortal killer move, he spoke without opening his eyes: “Thankfully, I realized early on and shut my eyes, if I was a bit slower, I would not be able to heal myself.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi did not speak anymore.


 He stopped talking.


 Cold sweat was still remaining on his forehead, as he experienced lingering fear.


 Gradually, the Gu Immortals became silent, inside the three Immortal Gu Houses, they were enveloped with a solemn mood.


 Outside the Immortal Gu House, there were soul howls, it was disturbing to the ears, even if the Immortal Gu House was dampening the effect.


 Bu Zhen Zi looked outside worriedly: “Oh no, we are encircled by a soul beast army.”


 Zhao Lian Yun heard this and looked outside, only to see countless nether ant Gu surrounding the three Immortal Gu Houses, like waves of black river currents..



***
Chapter 1244 - Star Cloud Storm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Outside, there were countless nether ant Gu, with the figures of soul beasts among them, they were truly a massive army. The shocking thing was that their auras were joined together like a group of mountains, they would be incredibly powerful once they moved, like a tsunami that crashed down with endless might.


 Not just the size of the soul beast army, but also the fact that there were many ancient and immemorial soul beasts among them. The Gu Immortals could also sense the auras of many wild Immortal Gu.


 “Five immemorial soul beasts!”


 “We have just left the black lanterns, and now a soul beast army is here.”


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals conversed secretly.


 They were having a bad feeling regarding how the situation was developing, their luck was too bad, it was very suspicious.


 Wei Ling Yang said grimly: “It seems that we need to consider the worst case scenarios in our trip from now on.”


 “Damn it!” Bi Chen Tian clenched his fists: “Ever since Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu, the door of life and death became much weaker in absorbing souls. Many strong souls are able to stay in this world. After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable ascended, the world changed in that great era, and soul beasts appeared, many souls even directly turned into soul beasts. Right now in immemorial black heaven, soul beasts are rampant in great numbers, when can we eradicate them and return to world to its rightful form?”


 “Soon!” Myriad Tidal Dragon added: “After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, most of the immortal zombies in the world were destroyed. These were fate escapees that were meant to die, now that they are dead, the difficulty of refining fate Immortal Gu lowered drastically. With Granny Sha repairing it now, even without success dao marks from Infallible blessed land, we are still making huge progress.”


 Wei Ling Yang shook his head: “Take note, the soul beast army is coming. The matter at hand is to try and escape from the soul beast army!”


 Myriad Tidal Dragon sighed: “The best way is to use Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s defensive method, the killer move that pairs with divine concealment — Ghostly Concealment. Rumors has it that the Gu Immortal who possesses this immortal killer move would not be detected by soul beasts at all. But now, let’s use my dragon flow escape.”


 “But in this case, I need to bring myself and three Immortal Gu Houses with me, along with many Gu Immortals. Once I use this move, I will not be able to fight for the next three days.”


 The three immortals discussed and decided to use Myriad Tidal Dragon’s method.


 Dragons roared!


 Countless flying dragon phantoms appeared in the air, encircling the three Immortal Gu Houses.


 The white dragon phantoms were like a long river, an uncountable number of dragons made of light, grand and unstoppable, charging forward with the three Immortal Gu Houses.


 The soul beast army howled, blocking them with multiple layers.


 But dragon flow escape was incredible, by charging relentlessly, an opening was forcibly created as the three Immortal Gu Houses escaped from the dangerous soul beast army.


 The soul beasts moved quickly, the army did not give up, it followed closely behind.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon did not dare to deactivate ‘dragon flow escape’, he had to grit his teeth and continue fuelling it.


 Both sides chased for six hours, until the soul beast army gave up, its attention was drawn to a group of dark venomous snakes.


 “I’m spent! I need to rest for seven days before I can do anything again. It will depend on the rest of you now.” Myriad Tidal Dragon had a pale expression, his face turned white, his originally vigorous eyes were filled with traces of blood, like he was completely exhausted beyond his limits.


 After stopping the killer move dragon flow escape, Myriad Tidal Dragon fell backwards as he sank into deep sleep.


 His eyes were shut as he snored.


 His snore was special, it sounded like the roaring of dragons.


 As he slept, a thick fog appeared around his body.


 The thick fog started to form into a cocoon, two hours later, the cocoon thickened and turned into a pale white dragon egg.


 “We are free from those soul beasts.”


 “It was really dangerous!”


 “The killer move earlier seemed to be from one of the three rank eight great experts, Lord Myriad Tidal Dragon’s method, it was truly grand and majestic, I was completely in awe.”


 Inside the three Immortal Gu Houses, the Gu Immortals were cheering and praising.


 But Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang had grim expressions.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon had fallen into deep sleep, they had lost one of their three rank eights, but the journey was still around half done.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses slowed down as the Gu Immortals inside tried to repair the Immortal Gu Houses.


 In the next two hours, the Central Continent Gu Immortals encountered several ghost spirit fox groups and bear mosquito groups. They either retreated or fought, using the might of the Immortal Gu Houses to move forward.


 Bi Chen Tian’s heart suddenly shook, his lips curled into a smile as he said: “Lord Wei Ling Yang, I found a huge field of heaven attached fungi three thousand li away from here.”


 “Is that so? Wei Ling Yang let out a breath of air: “Then we will rest there.”


 The three Immortal Gu Houses turned around and flew away, in a while, all three Immortal Gu Houses landed on the surface of the heaven attached fungi.


 “Where is this? Are we safe?” Zhao Lian Yun looked outside in shock. Especially when she saw her Gu Immortal companions leaving the Immortal Gu House to move freely on the heaven attached fungi.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi smiled as he explained: “The immemorial nine heavens have their own special points. Like the black lantern phenomenon, it is unique to black heaven. But in the nine heavens, there are some common aspects, like the astral wind flying heavenly boar, or this heaven attached fungi.”


 “This fungi only grows in the immemorial nine heavens. Heaven attached fungi is a rank six immortal material, most importantly, it has to grow on its own without any foreign dao marks, other life forms and even rocks cannot exist here. Thus, once we see a field of heaven attached fungi, we know it is a safe place to rest at. Alright, I have to go out now and collect some heaven attached fungi, this is a rare opportunity.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi quickly left Wind Sweeping Building.


 Zhao Lian Yun had no interest in the heaven attached fungi, she had just become a Gu Immortal, it had been too little time, she did not know the importance of cultivation resources, she was only thinking of how to save her lover Ma Hong Yun.


 A moment later, there were no Gu Immortals left in Wind Sweeping Building.


 “Are you not going to collect some heaven attached fungi?” Zhao Lian Yun looked at Bu Zhen Zi, asking this.


 Bu Zhen Zi smiled: “The sect ordered me to protect you, I will not leave you for even a second.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was understanding towards this: “Then I will go down as well.”


 Bu Zhen Zi shook his head: “Thank you for the thought, but even if we are standing on the heaven attached fungi, I will not pick them. That would only distract me, if anything happens, it will be too late to regret it.”


 Zhao Lian Yun heard this and felt warmth in her heart, she said softly: “Thank you.”


 Bu Zhen Zi shook his head: “No need to be so polite, you are the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, my duty is to protect you.”


 Zhao Lian Yun sighed, leaning on the window as she said gloomily: “To think that black heaven is so dangerous, but there is such a safe place here. It shows that heaven always leaves a way out, we will definitely succeed in this trip. Right?”


 Bu Zhen Zi did not hesitate, he answered: “Of... course.”


 But he suddenly dragged out his words in a strange tone.


 At the same time, Zhao Lian Yun saw that there were some starlight shining far away.


 This was not the blind fire from black lanterns, of course, the color was different. This blue starlight resembled countless diamonds embedded on black silk, it was distant and unforgettable.


 Zhao Lian Yun squinted as she sighed: “So beautiful.”


 “Very dangerous! According to the records, this size...” Bu Zhen Zi turned pale, he said in a trembling tone.


 Zhao Lian Yun became alert: “What?”


 She had just asked when the warning and orders of rank eight Gu Immortal Bi Chen Tian came.


 Outside the Immortal Gu House, Gu Immortals were rushing back in a panic.


 Wei Ling Yang’s gaze was like an eagle, he looked at the approaching starlight with a grim expression: “What a huge star cloud storm!”


 Millions upon millions of stars were flying now.


 Some shooting stars had long trails left in the night sky. Among which were huge stars, some were island-sized, while some were as large as a piece of land.


 Between stars, there were countless starlight specks, like the weaving of a web of lightning.


 The star cloud storm was a phenomenon unique to immemorial blue heaven, but due to historical reasons, immemorial blue heaven shattered and large numbers of stars fell into immemorial black heaven.


 Thus, there were star cloud storms in black heaven as well.


 “This is the first time I am seeing a star cloud storm of this scale!” Bi Chen Tian had an ugly expression: “Now it seems, this heaven attached fungi field was a trap to lure us to rest here!”.



***
Chapter 1245 - Watching A Meteor Shower With You


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The star cloud storm’s range was too huge, it was fast and powerful.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses from Central Continent could not escape from it.


 The stars flew over endlessly, lightning clouds were rumbling as starlight shot out continuously, it was a magnificent sight, but one could only feel weak and helpless, expressing nothing but shock at this.


 “I will charge ahead with Edge Link Camp, the rest of you follow me.” At the crucial moment, Wei Ling Yang decided this.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses flew towards the star cloud storm.


 The huge Immortal Gu Houses were like tiny ants in front of the star cloud storm.


 Heaven and earth was growling loudly.


 The star cloud storm was like a prehistoric whale, swallowing the three Central Continent Immortal Gu Houses easily.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses were unable to satisfy the appetite of this star cloud storm.


 Rumble...


 Wind Sweeping Building was shaking intensely.


 Zhao Lian Yun could not stand stably, she fell to the ground. Outside the window, countless glaring starlight specks were shining in, turning the entirety of Wind Sweeping Building blue.


 Zhao Lian Yun felt like she was on a plank in a stormy sea, she was enduring the might of the tides and strikes of lightning.


 Her mouth was dry, she was scared, even with Gu Immortal battle strength, she could not resolve this problem.


 She could only rely on the Immortal Gu Houses, on the three rank eight great experts.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not know that among the three rank eight Gu Immortals, Myriad Tidal Dragon was sleeping now. Thankfully, Wind Sweeping Building was under Bi Chen Tian’s control, the situation was better than Canary Pavilion.


 But even so, Bi Chen Tian was covered in sweat, he was concentrating and did not dare to relax his mind.


 He moved Wind Sweeping Building and traveled in the star cloud storm, continuously avoiding the huge stars.


 These stars moved quickly, if Wind Sweeping Building crashed into them, it would suffer huge damage. Even though Wind Sweeping Building was an Immortal Gu House, and would not break apart from just a few stars, in this situation, once Wind Sweeping Building loses control of its movement, it would slow down and be hit by endless number of stars. If that happened, it would be destroyed inside this star cloud storm, everyone would die.


 “Gu Immortals are powerful, and Immortal Gu Houses are useful, but against the might of heaven and earth, we are still minuscule and insignificant.” Bi Chen Tian gritted his teeth: “Oh no!”


 He could not react in time, Wind Sweeping Building finally got hit, a hill-like star crashed into Wind Sweeping Building with the ferocity of a storm.


 Wind Sweeping Building’s entire size was less than ten percent of the star.


 But it was an Immortal Gu House, it was sturdy.


 It was the star which shattered instead of Wind Sweeping Building.


 But the impact of the star’s collision sent Wind Sweeping Building flying far away through brute force.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses were working together and flying alongside each other earlier, but now, the other two Immortal Gu Houses dodged the star while Wind Sweeping Building was pushed away from the group.


 “Bi Chen.... quick.....” Wei Ling Yang’s voice could be heard.


 But in this star cloud storm, fragments were everywhere, the uncountable number of star path dao marks were disrupting the information path communication method of Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian.


 Bi Chen Tian could only hear a short and incomplete message.


 But he knew what Wei Ling Yang wanted to say.


 Wei Ling Yang wanted him to try and catch up with them!


 In the star cloud storm, Wei Ling Yang could not stay behind or even have any strength to reinforce Bi Chen Tian. Because around him, Canary Pavilion also needed to be taken care of.


 Bi Chen Tian had to rely on himself.


 “Let’s do it.” Bi Chen Tian shouted, his eyes shone with endless brilliance, his rank eight aura surged like a tornado.


 Wind Sweeping Building shone with a jade green light, which quickly turned into fierce winds rapidly.


 The winds moved and howled shrilly.


 These deep green colored winds joined together, forming into a strong and sturdy tornado pillar.


 Immortal Gu House Wind Sweeping Building stabilized, the surrounding stars were all pushed away by the wind pillar.


 “This is Wind Sweeping Building’s strongest method!” Yu Yi Ye Zi was roused, his eyes shone with light as he said excitedly.


 Wind Sweeping Building was at the center of the wind pillar, it was completely peaceful here, as if they had left the terrible tsunami and landed on a shore.


 The Gu Immortals inside Wind Sweeping Building erupted into cheers.


 Zhao Lian Yun had just crawled up from the floor when a huge star crashed into the tornado wind pillar, before breaking in and assaulting Wind Sweeping Building.


 At the crucial moment, Bi Chen Tian had a timely response, he controlled Wind Sweeping Building and lowered their altitude.


 This huge star grazed past Wind Sweeping Building.


 Some Gu Immortals by the window could see that at the moment near collision, the star had countless holes on the surface, they could be seen due to the close proximity.


 The Gu Immortals who were normally graceful and elegant screamed again, they were like mortals who were experiencing natural disasters.


 Wind Sweeping Building moved with difficulty inside the star cloud storm.


 Even though this Immortal Gu House used its strongest method, against the star cloud storm, it was not enough.


 Some huge stars approached forcefully, directly crashing into the tornado wind pillar.


 And between the stars, there was a chaotic magnetic field, these fields repelled, attracted, and crushed Wind Sweeping Building.


 Wind Sweeping Building had to dodge those stars while under the might of these magnetic fields, thankfully it was the rank eight Gu Immortal Bi Chen Tian holding the fort, any rank seven Gu Immortal would falter for sure.


 However, even Bi Chen Tian was covered in sweat, his rank eight immortal essence was rapidly expended, his expenditure far surpassed any battle he had ever had.


 “This will not do, this star cloud storm is too huge, I do not know when I can escape!” Bi Chen Tian had a thought as he ordered for the Gu Immortals to send their immortal essence into Wind Sweeping Building.


 The Gu Immortals quickly contributed their efforts, including Zhao Lian Yun.


 She had a phantom aperture, but she had refined immortal essence stones before and accumulated some immortal essence.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 From time to time, huge stars would crash into the wind pillar, most would be dodged by Wind Sweeping Building, but some still hit.


 The magnetic fields were everywhere, like a cruel giant toying around with Wind Sweeping Building.


 Inside the Immortal Gu House, the Gu Immortals did not speak, they were infusing their immortal essence into Wind Sweeping Building wholeheartedly.


 The atmosphere was tense.


 Every time a giant star crashed, many Gu Immortals’ bodies shook.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart was in trepidation. She had never been faced with such danger, she would not be surprised if she died at the next moment.


 “Hong Yun, Hong Yun...” She thought of Ma Hong Yun’s name, each time she mentally muttered it, her heart returned to peace slightly.


 After countless times, Zhao Lian Yun’s mental state became completely peaceful.


 “Hong Yun, you had once risked your life for me, do you know? I am doing the same now.”


 “Even if I die here, I have no regrets. I am coming to save you!”


 “When I meet you, I will tell you that the starlight here is very fierce and dangerous beyond your imagination, it is not romantic at all.”


 In a daze, Zhao Lian Yun recalled the past.


 At that time, Zhao Lian Yun’s father had died in the battlefield, she was all alone, forced to marry someone else, she had to rely on Ma Hong Yun.


 On a small mound.


 It was night time, Ma Hong Yun was lying on the grassland with her.


 “Lady Xiao Yun, quickly look, it’s a meteor shower!” Ma Hong Yun pointed at the sky as he shouted.


 “Boring, you brought me here to see this?” Zhao Lian Yun rolled her eyes: “What is so nice about this?”


 “Guh.” Ma Hong Yun scratched his head: “I don’t find it nice either, but they said that to make a girl happy, I need to watch a meteor shower with her. At this time, in Northern Plains, we can often see meteor showers at night.”


 Zhao Lian Yun mentally sighed, thinking: “I am so old already, I am afraid only young girls would like this. Hmm? Wait a minute, my body is still young, I am still a young girl.”


 At this time, Ma Hong Yun asked: “Lady Xiao Yun, after looking at this meteor shower, has your mood improved?”


 Zhao Lian Yun mentally sighed once again, she said in a coaxing tone: “I am much better now, I am so happy, look, this meteor shower is so beautiful, huh.”


 Ma Hong Yun’s body shook, he quickly waved his hand: “Lady Xiao Yun, don’t say that, I am getting goosebumps.”


 Zhao Lian Yun stood up in an instant, stomping at Ma Hong Yun: “Learning how to woo women out of all things, and you want to flirt with me, you are actually flirting with me.”


 Ma Hong Yun was screaming out in pain from getting kicked, shouting: “Lady Xiao Yun, stop, stop it! What is flirting? I have done no such thing. If I did something wrong, I will change it, okay? Stop kicking, stop kicking me!”


 Zhao Lian Yun ignored him as Ma Hong Yun rolled around from getting kicked. Eventually, Zhao Lian Yun worked up a sweat, she placed her arms at her waist as she looked at the scurrying Ma Hong Yun, laughing smugly.


 Ma Hong Yun heard her laughter and thought: “Lady Xiao Yun is finally laughing, at expected, the meteor shower made her mood better. Gasp... but it is so painful for me.”


 Her memories flashed right before Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes.


 Unknowingly, Zhao Lian Yun had started smiling.


 “Hong Yun, after I save you, I will kick you countless times to celebrate it.” Zhao Lian Yun thought. Right at this time, love Gu inside her phantom aperture actually emitted a profound aura on its own.


 The aura was colorless and formless, it spread rapidly.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals could not sense it, but Bi Chen Tian’s body shook, his eyes shone with brilliance, he subconsciously thought: “Is this the power of love Gu?”



***
Chapter 1246 - Spaceless Tunnel


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Every moment in the star cloud storm was hard to endure.


 After a long time.


 A certain Gu Immortal in Wind Sweeping Building realized something, saying: “Everyone... for some time already, there have been no stars crashing at us?”


 As he said that, the tornado pillar surrounding Wind Sweeping Building vanished instantly.


 The immortals saw that in the calm dark night, far away, the star cloud storm was moving away with imposing might.


 Wind Sweeping Building was silent for a moment before exploding with cheers.


 “We made it!”


 “So close, even with an Immortal Gu House defending us, being in immemorial black heaven still poses a danger of dying.”


 “Thanks to Lord Bi Chen Tian, otherwise, we would have died in this star cloud storm.”


 The Gu Immortals talked with great joy.


 Bi Chen Tian had a hazy gaze, he thought: “We were able to escape the star cloud storm all thanks to Zhao Lian Yun’s love Immortal Gu.”


 At the crucial moment, love Gu emitted an aura that led Bi Chen Tian towards the correct direction.


 Bi Chen Tian controlled Wind Sweeping Building, he followed this direction and quickly escaped from the star cloud storm.


 And within the star cloud storm, star path dao marks were filling the area, with conflicting dao marks, Bi Chen Tian’s methods were very ineffective.


 Bi Chen Tian’s expression was still gloomy.


 “We have already escaped danger, but Wei Ling Yang does not have love Gu, I wonder if they are still struggling inside the star cloud storm.”


 After losing contact with the other two Immortal Gu Houses, Bi Chen Tian did not continue on his journey, he moved around the area, searching for them.


 Thankfully, half a day later, he successfully contacted Wei Ling Yang.


 Wei Ling Yang led Canary Pavilion and charged through the star cloud storm with difficulty. They had left the star cloud storm after Bi Chen Tian, but unfortunately, they were ambushed by a sky chief beast group.


 After being informed of this, Bi Chen Tian manipulated Wind Sweeping Building, bringing the Gu Immortals with him to rescue them.


 After getting to the ambush site, the Gu Immortals saw Canary Pavilion and Edge Link Camp, they gasped loudly.


 These two Immortal Gu Houses were surrounded by sky chief beasts.


 Sky chief beasts lived in basically all of the immemorial nine heavens. Each sky chief beast was at least a mutated beast king, they were on par with ordinary beast emperors. And the kings of each sky chief beast group were desolate beast level. Beast emperors among them were at least ancient desolate beasts.


 Within this sky chief beast group, there were a hundred ancient sky chiefs, and over a thousand desolate beast sky chiefs, the remaining sky chief beasts were overwhelming in number, they were uncountable.


 Edge Link Camp and Canary Pavilion were at the center, surrounded by countless sky chiefs. Even though they defended themselves, they were heavily damaged and were in great danger.


 Bi Chen Tian could not waste any more time, he charged ahead with Wind Sweeping Building.


 At this time, both sides could communicate again, Wei Ling Yang immediately moved Edge Link Camp towards Canary Pavilion and Wei Ling Yang, cooperating with them to break out of the encirclement.


 The sky chief beast group roared loudly, the sound waves were like a tsunami, it was shocking.


 Both sides engaged in fierce combat, countless immortal killer moves were sent out like fireworks, displayed among the sky chief beast group.


 The sky chief beast group died in batches after batches, but they were quickly replaced with even more beasts.


 The sky chief beast group was too huge, it did not mind such losses.


 And those desolate beast sky chiefs and ancient sky chiefs could last much longer in battle.


 During this time, Edge Link Camp suddenly burst with strength, silhouettes of sharp horns were formed, shooting out in all directions.


 This was an incredibly strong attack in which even desolate beast sky chiefs would be unable to withstand. Even ancient sky chiefs did not dare to take the attacks head on.


 Wind Sweeping Building created a jade wind pillar again, as Canary Pavilion emitted the cries of a thousand birds.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses worked together, opening a path within the sky chief beast group and meeting at the convergent point.


 Next, the three Immortal Gu Houses turned around and fled, in a few minutes, they were free from the pursuit of the sky chief beast group.


 “The situation is horrible!” Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang communicated in a grim tone: “The three Immortal Gu Houses are heavily damaged, half of Canary Pavilion is completely unstable now. We need to rest and recover, Myriad Tidal Dragon is unconscious, and my immortal essence has already been depleted by more than half.”


 Immortal essence affected the Gu Immortal’s battle strength to a great extent.


 Bi Chen Tian used more than half of his immortal essence, so did Wei Ling Yang.


 Even though Immortal Gu Houses were powerful, they consumed a lot of immortal essence.


 This was why Fang Yuan had never planned to construct any Immortal Gu Houses.


 Even though he knew most of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s composition (of course, he forgot a portion), and also the entirety of Sacred Feather City’s structure. But he did not have Giant Sun’s immortal essence anymore, with his own immortal essence, he could not sustain the use of an Immortal Gu House.


 Immortal Gu Houses used too much immortal essence, only rank eight Gu Immortals could sustain the consumption alone. Rank six and seven Gu Immortals had to work together to display their might fully.


 Most importantly, the Central Continent Gu Immortals still had half the journey left.


 “It seems we can only use spaceless tunnel now.” Wei Ling Yang said grimly.


 Bi Chen Tian was stunned before nodding, agreeing: “That is the only way to cross half of the distance and reach our destination!”


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals were determined figures, the greater the setbacks, the greater their fighting spirit, they had never thought of retreating.


 And their encounters might not have been expected, but Heavenly Court’s wisdom path Gu Immortal Fairy Zi Wei had already prepared other plans for them in advance.


 Spaceless tunnel was one of them!


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Through this rank eight Immortal Gu House, the experiences of Central Continent’s three Immortal Gu Houses could be seen by Yao Huang.


 “Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace affects the luck of heaven and earth. All that happens within immemorial black heaven, the direction where the lightning storms go, cannot be affected by even heaven’s will. But Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace can interfere with it. This is an invincible defense, with this palace, who can invade Northern Plains?!” Yao Huang was extremely excited, his tone was heated and he had great admiration towards Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Yao Huang looked at South Desolation Immortal, saying: “Lord, I finally understand why you are so calm now. With Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here, nobody can think of invading Northern Plains!”


 South Desolation Immortal laughed: “Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace has been stationed here for three hundred thousand years. What does that mean? It has already deeply affected immemorial black heaven, even immemorial white heaven has been influenced. This is the supreme power of heaven and earth luck!”


 Yao Huang thought of Ma Hong Yun, saying: “Heaven and earth luck is so incredible, then all living being’s luck cannot be lacking in comparison. But now, fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu’s user is in Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands.”


 Yao Huang had no other options against Old Ancestor Xue Hu, but South Desolation Immortal was different.


 Especially when Yao Huang saw the power of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace and the sorry states of these three Central Continent Immortal Gu Houses, thus he was moved and wanted to incite South Desolation Immortal to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 But South Desolation Immortal shook his head and smiled: “Ma Hong Yun has our Huang Jin bloodline, and is a descendant of Ancestor Giant Sun, there is no problem with him getting fortune rivalling heaven Gu. It will not be easy for Old Ancestor Xue Hu to snatch it away.”


 Yao Huang was worried: “That Old Ancestor Xue Hu has already been refining it for so long, with just fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu’s power, can it really make the refinement fail?”


 South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Of course not, even though fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu has quasi-rank nine power, it cannot resist the rank eight Gu Immortal Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Furthermore, he has the aid of Lady Wan Shou, one of the four great refinement path experts in Northern Plains. Do you think my Longevity Heaven has done nothing? We will not let Fortune Rivalling Heaven end up in the hands of others, we made our arrangements long ago. If Old Ancestor Xue Hu cannot find them, he will not succeed in this refinement.”


 Yao Huang realized that Longevity Heaven had taken action long ago, but its method was too impressive, everyone was deceived, even Xue Hu and Wan Shou could not notice.


 “Amazing, truly amazing! Compared to Longevity Heaven, even Old Ancestor Xue Hu was toyed in our palms.” Yao Huang was truly impressed in his heart.


 His gaze towards South Desolation Immortal changed again, he felt that South Desolation Immortal was unfathomable, he truly had the demeanor of a senior.


 But at the next moment, South Desolation Immortal’s expression changed suddenly.


 South Desolation Immortal was confused, he called out: “What happened? These Central Continent Gu Immortals vanished all of a sudden?!”



***
Chapter 1247 - Water Path Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This... where are we?” Zhao Lian Yun looked outside, expressing shock on her face.


 But this time, even the knowledgeable Yu Yi Ye Zi could not answer her.


 Bu Zhen Zi, who was in charge of Zhao Lian Yun’s safety, said in an uncertain tone: “This unique phenomenon, is it spaceless tunnel?!”


 The three Immortal Gu Houses from Central Continent, Canary Pavilion, Edge Link Camp, and Wind Sweeping Building, were moving inside a huge tunnel.


 This tunnel was blue in color, with rainbow colored threads that extended forward in the path. These rainbow colored threads were lined around the blue tunnel walls, they were dazzling and beautiful.


 “What is spaceless tunnel?” Yu Yi Ye Zi asked.


 Bu Zhen Zi looked at Zhao Lian Yun with a complex gaze: “You should be familiar with it?”


 “Me?” Zhao Lian Yun was confused, she did not know why Bu Zhen Zi would say this.


 Bu Zhen Zi sighed, saying: “Because spaceless tunnel is a unique immortal killer move created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!”


 Southern Border, super Gu formation.


 Inside the dream.


 “This disciple greets master!” Fang Yuan knelt on the ground, paying respects to the female Gu Immortal in front of him.


 The female immortal gave a murmur of acknowledgement before saying: “I am Jing Miao Zi, I cultivate water path. Even though you are my descendant, whether you can cultivate my water path will depend on your understanding and aptitude. Pass this test and you will become my true disciple.”


 “Please tell me, master.” Fang Yuan said respectfully.


 The female immortal waved her sleeve and the dream realm changed, Fang Yuan was standing in front of a jade pool.


 This jade pool was extremely green and calm, like a huge piece of jade.


 “A rumbling river is water. The sea is water. The calm jade pool is also water. Water path is deep and profound, I personally cultivate the path of calm water. Step into the pool and the moment you can stand on top of it without using any Gu worms, I will accept you as my disciple.”


 Fang Yuan stared with wide opened eyes, he was hearing this for the first time, he said: “Master, if I do not use Gu worms, I will be like a mortal. How can a mortal body stand on top of the water surface?”


 “That is your problem.” The female immortal waved her sleeve, vanishing in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan frowned, he walked around the jade pool, after several rounds, he stepped into it.


 Plop.


 With a soft sound, he fell into the water directly.


 He quickly climbed up the edge of the pool, he was completely soaked, it was a sorry sight.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he hesitated before using the immortal killer move unravel dream.


 But this time, the all-powerful unravel dream did nothing, there were no changes.


 Fang Yuan sighed internally: “It was useless indeed... sigh, this is problematic.”


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan’s luck path attainment level had risen, he could easily raise qi luck sensation to a new level. Therefore, the location of Ying Wu Xie and gang was exposed, they were in Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan realized this and started to make preparations, raising his strength and borrowing Immortal Gu from Wu clan.


 However, he met with a problem when he wanted to leave.


 If Fang Yuan left, Wu clan would have no rank seven Gu Immortals holding the fort at the super Gu formation. With Wu clan initiating the immortal opportunity business, the situation was quite severe, without any experts around, the other clans could easily find trouble with them.


 Wu Yong agreed readily to lend Fang Yuan Wu clan’s Immortal Gu, but he did not agree to the matter of leaving.


 Wu clan had many Gu Immortals and had a huge force, but their territory was too big, they needed a lot of manpower. They had few Gu Immortals, causing them to be short on people. Some jobs could not be transferred easily, like Fang Yuan’s role of defending the super Gu formation, not many people in Wu clan could do it. Even if they had strength, their political abilities were a concern as well.


 Fang Yuan gave the request of leaving his assigned position, Wu Yong felt a deep headache.


 But Fang Yuan was insistent on it, Wu Yong had to relent and change the roles of the other Gu Immortals.


 But this matter had huge implications on the others, Wu Yong said that a lot of time was needed, Fang Yuan had to wait.


 But in the process of waiting, Fang Yuan encountered a superb dream realm.


 There were all sorts of dream realms that were constantly changing. There were realistic dream realms and also strange ones.


 Fang Yuan would normally choose realistic dream realms to explore. The strange dream realms were hard to decipher, Fang Yuan did not want to take unnecessary risks.


 “According to historical records, Jing Miao Zi was a disciple of Shui Ni. This dream realm’s owner is the disciple of Jing Miao Zi, her true disciple. That can only be one person, the water path great expert famous in history, Sea Calming Lord!”


 “In Central Continent’s history, there was an immemorial desolate beast that caused Falling Heavenly River to change directions, resulting in a tsunami that swept the lands. Central Continent’s central area was flooded and the tsunami to the east was overwhelming. Back then, Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Sea Calming Lord stood up and used several immortal killer moves to return Falling Heavenly River to its rightful direction, the sea level returned to normal, he had incredible methods.”


 “My killer move unravel dream is usually effective, but it had no effect here. No wonder, no wonder.”


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan was using unravel dream.


 But this time, even after using it several times, the dream realm was unmoved.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, most likely, this dream realm was too powerful, killer move unravel dream only used a rank six core Immortal Gu, it could not unravel this dream!


 The strength of a dream realm was not closely related to the crucial person in the dream realm.


 For example, Fang Yuan had once explored Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, he used unravel dream there and achieved great success.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s unravel dream could not unravel Sea Calming Lord’s dream realm.


 Sea Calming Lord was only rank eight, he could not match Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 But the strength of the dream realm was not closely related to their cultivation level or strength during their lifetime.


 As for what relationship there was, Fang Yuan had no idea.


 Don’t forget, in the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan was not adept at exploring dream realms either, his main focus was on his blood path cultivation.


 Fang Yuan did not study dream realms deeply, but he knew something, the stronger the dream realm, the greater the benefits after exploring it.


 Remembering this, Fang Yuan’s interest in this dream realm rose again.


 “Wu clan has not redistributed the roles yet, I want to borrow Immortal Gu, but Wu Yong would not let me have them until he finishes the new role distribution.”


 “In that case, for this period of time, I should research in this dream realm.”


 In the following days, Fang Yuan calmed down and went to explore the dream realm again.


 Allowing him to stand on the surface of the water without using any Gu worms.


 On the surface, this seemed impossible.


 Because without using any Gu worms, the Gu Master was no different from a mortal. Of course, this was different from Fortune Rivalling Heaven, or black boar Gu which carved dao marks onto the Gu Master’s body.


 “There are water path Gu worms like water walking Gu, they can allow the Gu Master to carve water path dao marks on their feet and allow them to run freely on the water surface. But this has nothing to do with the dream realm’s task.”


 This dream realm did not allow the use of water walking Gu. Even if it could be used, Fang Yuan would not use it.


 Because he knew that this problem was not about the task at hand, but himself instead.


 As for solutions like freezing the surface of the water and standing on it, they were ideas that dodged the question, they did not target the true essence of this problem.


 “Like what Jing Miao Zi had said, she is testing my aptitude. This is a realistic dream realm, Sea Calming Lord must have passed it, there is no reason that I cannot. After all, my water path attainment level is at quasi-grandmaster.”


 Fang Yuan continued to try, he had fallen into the pool many times.


 If ordinary mortals ended up in this dream realm and fell into the water once, their souls would dissipate on the spot.


 For Gu Immortals, falling inside several times would weaken their souls to a great extent.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was deep, every time he entered the dream realm, he could fall into the water seventeen to eighteen times before his soul reached its limit.


 At this time, Fang Yuan would use guts Gu to heal himself.


 Guts Gu was a mortal Gu, but it originated from a secluded domain of heaven and earth, Dang Hun Mountain, it was very effective.


 Fang Yuan had such a strong aid, he continued to work hard and started to have a feeling.


 This feeling could not be expressed with words, it was mystical.


 Fang Yuan tried again.


 When he stepped onto the water surface again, plop, he fell into the water again without doubt.


 When he climbed ashore, he saw his master Jing Miao Zi standing by the pool, looking at him.


 Jing Miao Zi spoke furiously: “What aptitude is this? Such a simple test but you still can’t pass it until now. You are not fit to be my disciple.”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “No master, I did it. Like what you said, I have to stand on the water surface without sinking, I have already done it.”


 Jing Miao Zi smiled from extreme anger, she pointed at the water on Fang Yuan’s body: “Then what is this?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is nothing. The pool of water in my heart is calm and unmoving, I am already standing on it. Looking down, I can see my own reflection on the clear water surface.”


 Jing Miao Zi’s anger and smile vanished gradually.


 She looked at Fang Yuan deeply, nodding as she said plainly: “Not bad, from today onwards, you are my official true disciple.”


 At the next moment, the entire dream realm vanished, Fang Yuan returned to reality.


 “This dream realm only has one scene?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 But soon, his shock turned into extreme joy.


 “Wonderful, my water path attainment finally reached grandmaster level!”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan’s water path attainment level was at quasi-grandmaster level, he seemed close to grandmaster, but he was actually still very far from reaching grandmaster.


 But now, this distance was passed as Fang Yuan became a true water path grandmaster!


 Succeeding transformation path, strength path, blood path, wisdom path, and star path, Fang Yuan had finally become a grandmaster of a sixth path.



***
Chapter 1248 - Ying Wu Xie’s Objective


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “Not here.”


 “Not here either!”


 “So strange, why did these Central Continent Gu Immortals vanish without a trace?”


 South Desolation Immortal was no longer as composed, his calm smile vanished, sweat was covering his forehead.


 He continued to manipulate Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, inspecting everywhere, but he could not deduce the location of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 Yao Huang was also dazed, he asked quickly: “Lord South Desolation, do I need to do anything?”


 At this time, Giant Sun immortal zombie’s voice resounded: “This is spaceless tunnel.”


 South Desolation Immortal was even more shocked now: “Central Continent’s Gu Immortals possess this immortal killer move of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable?”


 But Giant Sun immortal zombie denied it: “No, they are just using the spaceless tunnel left behind by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.”


 Spaceless tunnel.


 A space path immortal killer move.


 In the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had roamed the entire world to look for a way to return home.


 Undeniably, he was the venerable who had traveled the most in this world compared to the others. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had covered almost every area in the five regions and two heavens.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable felt that a person was too small, and the Gu Master world was too big, thus he created spaceless tunnel.


 This immortal killer move could shorten his traveling distance greatly, and hasten his exploration speed.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had gone missing long ago without a trace, but portions of his spaceless tunnel killer move left behind in the five regions and two heavens were still in existence even now, they seemed to be able to last forever.


 The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had never stopped researching Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Because Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was different from the other venerables, he was an otherworldly demon. From this point, Heavenly Court would not ignore him.


 Spirit Affinity House possessed a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, they let Zhao Lian Yun inherit it. This was a fruit of Heavenly Court’s research regarding Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 When Central Continent’s Gu Immortals found this spaceless tunnel, they could use a corresponding method and shorten their travel distance.


 “Then where does this spaceless tunnel lead to?” South Desolation Immortal reacted, realizing the key to this problem.


 Giant Sun immortal zombie answered: “I cannot find out either, this is the work of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable after all.”


 When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was still alive, he had suffered a loss in a Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable inheritance. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the creator of luck path, but against Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, he did not have any strong methods to deal with his arrangements.


 South Desolation Immortal was silent.


 Yao Huang was stunned.


 What could they do?


 Giant Sun immortal zombie answered: “Since they used the spaceless tunnel, we only need to wait for them to reappear.”


 Yao Huang asked: “This means that Central Continent’s Gu Immortals can appear at any place? If they appear in Northern Plains directly, what should we do?”


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were in a distressed state and lost a lot of their battle strength, but they were still very powerful!


 Three Immortal Gu Houses and three rank eight Gu Immortals, along with many rank six and seven Gu Immortals, as well as the rank nine love Gu!


 If this lineup appeared in the base of any super force Huang Jin tribe, the ones to lose would definitely be the Huang Jin tribe!


 “If these Central Continent Gu Immortals appeared in my Yao tribe...” Thinking of this, Yao Huang felt uneasy.


 “Please guide us, ancestor.” South Desolation Immortal sought help.


 Giant Sun immortal zombie chuckled: “My descendants have their own fortune, fortune and disaster coexist, they can be interchanged. This is Northern Plains’ calamity, but it can be turned into Northern Plains’ blessing. My main body died long ago, this is not my era. Go and work hard for the future, regardless of failure or success. Turning the calamity into a blessing, that will depend on your actions.”


 Giant Sun immortal zombie said that before returning to silence again.


 South Desolation Immortal and Yao Huang looked at each other helplessly.


 Southern Border, super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan was holding an ordinary Gu material.


 He casually threw this Gu material into the stove.


 The flame in the stove was burning, but it was emitting coldness instead.


 The fire inside the stove was very special, it was not orange, it was pale white and blue, this was a cold flame.


 Soon after, the cold flame extinguished all of a sudden, leaving no traces behind.


 From the stove, a Gu worm flew out.


 This Gu worm looked like a mosquito larva, it was thin and brown with a little green inside, it was wide and big. When it floated towards Fang Yuan, its body retracted and expanded, it was quite special.


 This was a strength path Gu worm, obviously a mortal Gu.


 But its name was Pulling Water, this made it a little special.


 Fang Yuan already had Pulling Water, it was a rank six strength path Immortal Gu. But this one was a strength path mortal Gu.


 Pulling water Gu could emit a mysterious power to allow the Gu Master to manipulate water currents like rivers and streams. This pulling water mortal Gu’s effect was naturally far below the rank six pulling water Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 Why?


 Firstly, Immortal Gu were unique. If Fang Yuan used two immortal killer moves that needed pulling water Immortal Gu at the same time, what would happen? With mortal pulling water Gu, Fang Yuan could use a great number of mortal Gu to temporarily replace pulling water Immortal Gu in the killer move. Thus, even though a Gu Immortal may have the Immortal Gu version of a certain Gu, that did not mean they did not need the mortal version as well.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan’s attempt succeeded because his water path attainment had reached grandmaster level.


 Pulling water Gu might be a strength path Gu worm, but it was also related to water path. All along, even though Fang Yuan was a strength path grandmaster, he could not deduce the recipe of pulling water mortal Gu.


 Now that his water path attainment level reached grandmaster, he did not even need to deduce it, he could instinctively detail the mortal Gu recipe.


 Everything happened naturally.


 “Water path grandmaster.” Fang Yuan started to feel the benefits from many aspects.


 Not just Gu recipes, there were also killer moves, Fang Yuan had a lot of water path accumulations in his five hundred years of life, he had water path killer moves and water path Gu recipes.


 Now that he recalled these details, he had a brand new sensation and deeper understanding.


 This was an incredible feeling that could not be described with words.


 Formerly, he was standing below the tower, observing the bricks of the tower. But now, he was at the top of the tower, the sights were completely different.


 “Even though my attainment level rose drastically and it cannot be evaluated easily in material terms, my strength has grown immensely.”


 “Especially when I already had five grandmaster attainment levels, the paths of these grandmaster attainment levels can work together and influence each other, forming an even greater benefit for me.”


 “No wonder everyone went after dream realms so desperately in my previous life.”


 Fang Yuan recalled, back then, his focus was placed on his blood path cultivation.


 Of course, he had reasons for that.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan’s circumstances were not good at that time, he constantly faced strong enemies, he needed great battle strength.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan knew nothing about dream realms, he did not have exploration methods like unravel dream, exploring dream realms was a huge risk that he did not need to take.


 Thirdly, as Fang Yuan recalled his memories now, heaven’s will quite likely was interfering in the circumstances.


 When Fang Yuan was about to further explore his water path grandmaster attainment level, and see what benefits he had obtained, Wu clan finally sent a rank seven Gu Immortal over.


 This Gu Immortal brought Wu clan’s instructions, as well as the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan borrowed from Wu clan.


 Fang Yuan quickly completed the trade, leaving the super Gu formation.


 He flew north-east without stopping.


 Just now, the excuse he gave to Wu Yong was that he had personal reasons to return to Eastern Sea alone.


 Everyone had their own secrets, if it were an ordinary Wu clan Gu Immortal, Wu Yong would investigate further. But this was Wu Yi Hai, even if Wu Yong asked, he would likely not get an answer. Thus, he wisely chose not to pursue it.


 Fang Yuan went through the regional wall and arrived in Eastern Sea, he found a nameless sea area and placed his immortal aperture, resting temporarily.


 During this period, he stayed inside the sovereign immortal aperture and practised his killer moves, getting familiar with his new Immortal Gu.


 The closer he got to the crucial time, the more steady Fang Yuan was. He decided to use this chance to kill Ying Wu Xie, and eliminate this threat, he wanted to prepare amply.


 When Fang Yuan saw that the time was ripe, he stored his immortal aperture and prepared to move, executing his plan that had been set for a long time.


 Qi luck sensation!


 Fang Yuan had just activated this killer move, when, out of his expectations, he found that Ying Wu Xie and the rest had left Southern Border, returning to Eastern Sea.


 “Good, it will be easier for me to strike in Eastern Sea.” Fang Yuan had no hesitations, he flew to the sky, towards his targets.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were flying above the sea.


 Bai Ning Bing was flying with them.


 Their relationship had changed, she was an equal ally now.


 A few days ago, Ying Wu Xie took out yang Gu, curbing Bai Ning Bing’s killing intent.


 Ying Wu Xie used this chance to seek cooperation with Bai Ning Bing.


 But Bai Ning Bing was not the same as before, she expressed that she would rather give up yang Gu to kill Ying Wu Xie and gang.


 Ying Wu Xie spoke with a glib tongue, by listing the problems involved, he managed to convince Bai Ning Bing to establish a new alliance agreement with him.


 Bai Ning Bing got back yang Gu, she knew that Fang Yuan had the upper extreme heavenly eagle and was a big threat.


 At this time, it was not wise to stay in Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 Because of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan could easily enter the grotto-heaven. If Bai Ning Bing and the rest stayed in Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, they instead would give Fang Yuan clues to find it.


 At this time, Bai Ning Bing looked at the blue sea as she frowned, transmitting secretly: “Ying Wu Xie, you said that you have a way to deal with Fang Yuan, but we are all the way in Eastern Sea now, and are still traveling. What method is it, say it directly.”


 Ying Wu Xie laughed: “To deal with a rank eight, we need another rank eight existence. Eastern Sea is not our destination, we are going to Northern Plains.”


 “You mean Shadow Sect’s remnant force in Northern Plains still has a rank eight existence? Hmph, bullshit.” Bai Ning Bing snorted in disdain.


 If they had rank eight battle strength, why did they not use it in Yi Tian Mountain?


 Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly: “The timing was not right.”


 “And the timing is right now?”


 “It is a great opportunity now, Northern Plains and Central Continent are engaging in battle over Fortune Rivalling Heaven, by going to Northern Plains now, we are heading towards the center of the commotion — Snowy Mountain blessed land! Taking Fortune Rivalling Heaven, using the rank eight battle strength to kill Fang Yuan, and take back the sovereign immortal body!” Ying Wu Xie laughed as he said this, turning around to look behind him.


 “Heh, he is coming.”



***
Chapter 1249 - Reappearance of Ghost Face


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 While speaking, Ying Wu Xie felt the luck on top of his head shaking intensely.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan elevated qi luck sensation greatly, even if Ying Wu Xie hid inside an immortal aperture, he could not evade detection.


 But Ying Wu Xie was not someone who passively waited for death, he thought about it and decided to make use of this.


 Previously, he had tried to conceal himself and his aura. Now that this was not possible, Ying Wu Xie decided to strengthen the luck sensation instead.


 Everyone had their luck connected, Fang Yuan could use this to activate qi luck sensation and find them. Then Ying Wu Xie could also do the reverse.


 Thus, Ying Wu Xie had researched a brand new Gu worm combination recently to use his own luck’s vibration to deduce his distance from Fang Yuan.


 Ying Wu Xie named this immortal killer move luck vibration distance.


 This way, Fang Yuan’s familiar face could not be used, it could not deal with Ying Wu Xie’s methods.


 Ying Wu Xie was a split soul of Spectral Soul, even though he lost his memories, after getting replenishment inside the River of Time, he did not lack attainment level.


 Attainment level was the most important thing.


 Precisely because of thing, Ying Wu Xie could think of new Gu worm combinations at any time, to deal with all sorts of situations.


 Of course he had to have enough attainment level, and the creation needed to be given time for experimentation and practice.


 “Get into formation! We will use the tactic we discussed to repel Fang Yuan.” Sensing that Fang Yuan was getting close, Ying Wu Xie ordered this, the five Gu Immortals stopped moving, assembling their formation.


 After successfully convincing Bai Ning Bing to join the alliance, Bai Ning Bing’s inheritance in Bai Xiang grotto-heaven also caused Ying Wu Xie’s group to rise greatly in strength.


 This immortal level Gu formation was the powerful method used to trap Ying Wu Xie and gang earlier, now, Fang Yuan was going to be the one facing it.


 “He’s here.” Bai Ning Bing suddenly said.


 She was the owner of Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, her wealth rose drastically, she had very useful Immortal Gu and her investigative methods were far superior than before, she surpassed Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and the others, becoming the first person to notice Fang Yuan’s traces.


 The other four immortals looked at where she directed.


 Only to see that waves were forming at the southern sea area.


 A sword dragon was moving its body, flying past the clouds nimbly.


 Its sharp dragon horn was piercing towards the sky, its scales were shining with silver light, its dragon claws were sinister and sharp, its dragon teeth were glowing with an eerie cold light.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were ready to face this strong foe.


 Bai Ning Bing took a step forward: “Do you dare to enter our formation?”


 Fang Yuan saw Bai Ning Bing, even though she was a dragon lady now and was even more beautiful than before, her overall appearance was still similar, Fang Yuan was slightly stunned.


 He did not think that he would meet Bai Ning Bing under such circumstances.


 In fact, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had not met for a long time. Even during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Bai Ning Bing was not involved too deeply, they did not meet.


 After Three Kings blessed land, Bai Ning Bing betrayed him and Fang Yuan separated from her, until now when they met again.


 But everything had changed already.


 The two surviving young Gu Masters from Qing Mao Mountain were now Gu Immortals.


 Bai Ning Bing, who was known as a genius with a bleak future, possessing one of the ten extreme physiques, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, had become a rank six dragonman Gu Immortal, and owned Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s experiences were even more bountiful, he had first become the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, and after causing havoc in Northern Plains and destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Imperial Court blessed land, he went to Eastern Sea, Central Continent, and Western Desert. Eventually, he appeared during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain and took away the fruit of Shadow Sect’s hundred thousand years of preparation — sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Using this Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level rose like a rocket, he grew at an unthinkable speed, being a rank seven Gu Immortal already. Using dream realms, he even became a grandmaster in six paths.


 The two were known as the Black and White Demons during their time in Southern Border as Gu Masters, they had worked closely together, but this time, their reunion was as enemies.


 “Good, I will kill you as well.” Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, he roared as he shot out his dragon breath.


 The white dragon breath was extremely sharp, as a bright light, it traveled rapidly and reached Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing did not dodge, she smiled lightly.


 At the next moment, the sword light dragon breath landed on an invisible wall of light, dealing no damage to her.


 The Gu formation able to trap Ying Wu Xie and the others was naturally not simple.


 “Gu formation?” Fang Yuan thought.


 At this point, he did not have many ideas.


 Formation path.


 Fang Yuan had little knowledge about formation path, even during the five hundred years of his previous life, it was like this.


 To break the Gu formation, he either needed to have formation path attainment or use wisdom path deductions.


 Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, but he lacked a useful wisdom path Immortal Gu that could deduce the flaw in this Gu formation, it would not be easy.


 The sword dragon flew in the sky, observing without advancing.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were inside the Gu formation, awaiting Fang Yuan’s attack.


 At once, Fang Yuan was filled with thoughts on how to deal with this situation.


 “The other party set up a Gu formation, this means that they cannot conceal their traces, but are already able to find out my location.”


 “In the probing earlier, it can be seen that this Gu formation is not simple at all.”


 “Since they set up this formation, they must have confidence in dealing with me.”


 “A broken ship is still better than a plank, after such a short time, Ying Wu Xie already possesses such a method.”


 Fang Yuan did not attack rashly.


 He could not decipher this Gu formation, he would have to be an idiot to charge in recklessly. But there was a possibility that Bai Ning Bing and gang were putting up a front, this Gu formation might be weak on the inside and only strong against a direct attack.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to continue probing.


 While Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie’s group were fighting, inside black heaven.


 Inside the spaceless tunnel.


 Three Immortal Gu Houses were traveling slowly.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon had already woken up, he looked at the scene inside the spaceless tunnel as he sighed: “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s method is truly unthinkable. He has already vanished for so long, but this immortal killer move created three hundred thousand years ago can still be used effectively. If I was not experiencing this myself, I would not believe it.”


 Wei Ling Yang smiled: “Alright, since you are awake, we will not stay any longer, let’s go!”


 It turned out that the Central Continent Gu Immortals could have left the spaceless tunnel long ago, but they purposely stayed inside to wait for Myriad Tidal Dragon to wake up.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon had used an immortal killer move to escape and fell into slumber.


 After he woke up, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals regained their full strength with three rank eight Gu Immortals!


 The three Immortal Gu Houses moved quickly.


 This was the final bit of distance in the spaceless tunnel.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were enthusiastic, they were focused and awaiting the future battles.


 “Hong Yun, hang on, I am coming!” Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes shone with determination as she prepared herself mentally.


 But right at the final part of the tunnel, a change occurred.


 A giant ghost face suddenly appeared, obstructing the three Immortal Gu Houses, completely blocking the entire spaceless tunnel.


 “What is going on?”


 “This is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s...”


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals were still shocked when the ghost face opened its mouth, roaring without emitting a sound.


 As it roared, the entire spaceless tunnel started to collapse, countless dao mark fragments of the spaceless tunnel flew everywhere, a terrifying space crack spread out like a spider web.


 Crack!


 With a loud sound, the Central Continent Gu Immortals found that the tunnel that they were in broke into countless pieces, like a shattered mirror.


 “Defend!” Myriad Tidal Dragon shouted.


 “Hang on.” Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang activated their Immortal Gu Houses to their limits.


 However, even the three Immortal Gu Houses were weak and fragile, as if they were planks facing a tsunami, there was nothing they could do.


 At once, the three Immortal Gu Houses which had been together were separated and scattered by the space path chaotic currents.


 A giant hole suddenly formed, it was like a huge beast’s mouth, devouring everything around it.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon controlled Canary Pavilion, he did not even last several breaths of time before this hole devoured it, vanishing without a trace.


 Wind Sweeping Building and Edge Link Camp were hanging on desperately, Edge Link Camp was like a bun getting shaved layer after layer by the space path dao mark fragments, Wind Sweeping Building was also breaking apart, the powerful Immortal Gu Houses looked so fragile here.


 Spaceless tunnel was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s immortal killer move, together with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s methods, there was the power of two Demon Venerables here.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals did not expect that the spaceless tunnel shortcut they were using was a fatal trap!


 Three hundred thousand years ago, when the Medieval Antiquity Era’s Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable traveled in black heaven, he left behind spaceless tunnel.


 Next, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable failed to refine love Gu and left behind many methods.


 Then in Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s era, he seemed to have noticed the former’s plan, or because of some other reason, he left behind an immortal killer move here as well.


 Duke Long did not understand these venerables’ secrets, even Fairy Zi Wei could not deduce such a thing.


 Right now, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were facing the threat of getting wiped out!


 “Am I going to die? Will I die here? No, no! I need to save Hong Yun, how can I die here? Help me, please help me, love Gu!”


 Zhao Lian Yun cried out in her heart.


 As if sensing her unwavering love and determination, love Immortal Gu started to shine with an immensely bright light in her phantom aperture.


 This light spread out with Zhao Lian Yun at the center.


 Boom.


 Wind Sweeping Building had completely broken apart, the Gu Immortals were screaming loudly, activating their defenses.


 But many people did not last for even a few breaths of time before they were cut into pieces by the space path chaotic storm. Only Zhao Lian Yun was covered in a thin layer of light, completely protected.


 Not just that, this layer of light was expanding to the four people around her.


 A hole formed before Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes.


 At the next moment, love Gu emitted a strong force and entered the hole with Zhao Lian Yun and the other four Gu Immortals.


 Their vision changed.


 “Where is this?” Zhao Lian Yun realized that she was standing on firm ground.


 “This is naturally Snowy Mountain blessed land.” A voice said..



***
Chapter 1250 - Inside and Outside the Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Snowy Mountain blessed land?!” Zhao Lian Yun cried out in surprise.


 She raised her head and saw a female Gu Immortal in front of her.


 This person was lying on a cloud bed. She wore a silk dress, she had an ordinary appearance but her blue hair was extremely eye-catching, it was like a river that flowed from her head down to the cloud bed and covered the surface.


 The female immortal saw that Zhao Lian Yun’s emotions were not a facade, and asked, finding it somewhat strange: “It seems you five did not intentionally barge into Snowy Mountain blessed land?”


 “Five?” Zhao Lian Yun looked around her, and only then did she find she was in a large hall and she was not alone, there were four of her Gu Immortal companions from earlier.


 The four also woke up around the same time.


 Zhao Lian Yun had just recently become a Gu Immortal, but she essentially recognized these four Gu Immortal companions.


 The most familiar one was Bu Zhen Zi, he was a supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House, a rank seven Gu Immortal who was tasked to protect Zhao Lian Yun.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi, this young handsome Gu Immortal came from Ancient Soul Sect, although his cultivation was only rank six, he had a high refinement path attainment and was widely acknowledged for it.


 Shi Zheng Yi was similarly a young man, with thick eyebrows and large eyes. He had been at the top floor of Wind Sweeping Building with Zhao Lian Yun just earlier, and although Zhao Lian Yun had not talked with Shi Zheng Yi, she had seen his father who had become blind from the blind fire, this gave her a deep impression.


 The final one was someone Zhao Lian Yun did not know and it was the first time she had seen him.


 However, Shi Zheng Yi clearly knew this person, he immediately ran to this person’s side and greeted: “Senior Mu Ling Lan, how did we appear here?”


 This person was Mu Ling Lan, a water path Gu Immortal coming from Spirit Butterfly Valley and having rank seven cultivation.


 “I am also baffled. Space suddenly shattered and threw you five out.” The female immortal spoke lightly, “Entering Snowy Mountain blessed land without permission, I am still waiting for you people to clear my doubts.”


 “Snowy Mountain blessed land... this place is Snowy Mountain blessed land?” Shi Zheng Yi called out, he looked outside the window and saw the snowy white world outside, and in the distance were more than ten snowy peaks standing loftily.


 At the same time, Shi Zheng Yi discovered he was currently in a hall on one of the snowy peaks.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals quickly reacted.


 Bu Zhen Zi ran to Zhao Lian Yun’s side, tensely looking at the female immortal before them: “If I am not wrong, you are Snowy Mountain blessed land’s ninth peak lord, Hair Mistress!”


 “Snowy Mountain blessed land... Hong Yun is here!” Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes let out bright light.


 The female immortal straightened her upper body, revealing a solemn and nervous expression: “So you really came for Ma Hong Yun!”


 “That’s right, hand over Ma Hong Yun!” Zhao Lian Yun shouted.


 Hair Mistress took a deep glance at Zhao Lian Yun: “Ma Hong Yun is not at my place, if you want to find him, you probably need to charge to the first peak. But that peak has Lady Wan Shou and Old Ancestor Xue Hu staying guard, you five probably won’t even be able to make a ripple.”


 “Where there is a will, there is a way!” Shi Zheng Yi telled with clenched fists.


 “Even if I die here, I am going to save Hong Yun!” Zhao Lian Yun was resolute.


 Mu Ling Lan took a few steps forward: “Us five are only the first to reach here, there are still rank eight Gu Immortals behind us. Although your Snowy Mountain blessed land has the territorial advantage, you only have one rank eight Gu Immortal in the end.”


 Mu Ling Lan was bluffing.


 In truth, the outcome of the Gu Immortals who remained in the spaceless tunnel bode ill rather than well.


 It might be that the only people who were saved were their group of five.


 Relying on love Gu’s power and under Zhao Lian Yun’s obsession, the five Gu Immortals directly arrived at Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Hair Mistress’s expression slightly changed, she was only a rank six Gu Immortal, while the group before her had the numerical advantage and there were also two rank sevens present.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land had a total of fifteen snowy peaks.


 Hair Mistress was at the ninth peak, she had never expected her peace would abruptly be broken, and five Gu Immortals would appear in front of her without any warning.


 “I will be the main attacker, the rest of you retreat to the back.” Mu Ling Lan secretly transmitted his voice, he shouldered responsibility and stepped forward.


 Hair Mistress saw things going awry, quickly stretching her arm: “Wait, we are friends, not enemies.”


 “What do you mean?” Bu Zhen Zi stopped the eager Mu Ling Lan.


 Hair Mistress: “You think I will willingly lay down my life for Old Ancestor Xue Hu? For his own private interests, Old Ancestor Xue Hu forcibly commanded us to gather immortal materials, we have suffered a lot but are helpless in front of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s might.”


 “As a matter of fact, I had already wanted to surrender and was thinking of when Northern Plains’ righteous path Gu Immortals would attack, but I had never expected the ones to come would be all of you from Central Continent.”


 “I don’t want to fight with you, you want to find trouble with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, I welcome you to do so.”


 “Eh? It was like that...” Bu Zhen Zi and Mu Ling Lan glanced at each other with some doubts.


 Hair Mistress continued: “Since you are attacking Snowy Mountain, you must have gathered relevant information. I won’t hide from you, there is already discord within the members of Snowy Mountain, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has become crazy in his desire to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu and completely disregarded the feelings of us, the snowy peak lords. Regretfully, we are under his control and cannot rebel, we can only wait for external forces to help us.”


 Central Continent’s five Gu Immortals did not speak, they had not expected such a development.


 Mu Ling Lan spoke: “Since you want to surrender, just this information won’t be enough. Join our ranks and then we can be sure of your sincerity.”


 Hair Mistress smiled bitterly: “If I could attack, I would have already rebelled. You do not have to probe, would you believe me even if I joined you? There is not only one way to help you, I am willing to tell you of the defense arrangements of Snowy Mountain.”


 “Oh? Speak.” Mu Ling Lan nodded.


 Hair Mistress gazed at the five immortals in front of her, before speaking slowly: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu has recklessly modified Snowy Mountain blessed land to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, not long ago, he invited Sun Ming Lu to arrange a super Gu formation here.”


 “This super Gu formation is extremely powerful. With the snowy peak lords as the formation cores, it links to Reverse Flow River. The invaders have to charge through each peak. And the peak lords guarding each snowy peak would receive the Gu formation’s amplification; rank six cultivation can display rank seven strength. On the other hand, the charging Gu Immortal would be greatly suppressed. With this contrast of strengthening and weakening, every snowy peak is a difficult hurdle. Even if rank eight Gu Immortals come, unless they can destroy this Gu formation, they will have to spend some time in here.”


 “How do we know if your information is true or false?” Mu Ling Lan asked.


 Hair Mistress smiled bitterly again: “All my words are true, if you don’t believe, you can test me.”


 “Good!” Mu Ling Lan flicked his sleeve, and a wave of water appeared in the air and rushed towards Hair Mistress.


 Hair Mistress did not panic, she slightly willed and a strand of hair suddenly sprang up, turning into a dam that blocked the wave.


 Mu Ling Lan frowned, he saw through the issue with one attack, and did not make another move.


 The other four Central Continent immortals looked at each other.


 Just like Hair Mistress said, she could display rank seven battle strength here, while Mu Ling Lan himself was a rank seven Gu Immortal, but his attack was weakened greatly. His powerful offensive method was actually blocked easily by Hair Mistress.


 “This Gu formation is too powerful.” Shi Zheng Yi exclaimed in shock.


 Bu Zhen Zi directly questioned: “Then where is the flaw of this Gu formation?”


 Hair Mistress shook her head: “I am not familiar with this Gu formation, but over these days of feeling around, I have some experiences that I can tell all of you.”


 “First of all, the Gu formation isolates what is inside from outside, you cannot even connect to treasure yellow heaven. Currently, only Old Ancestor Xue Hu can contact us snowy peak lords, while the snowy peak lords cannot communicate with each other.”


 “Secondly, each snowy peak lord is a formation core of the Gu formation, we can seemingly only defend from our main halls at the peak and are unable to leave our peak. This point is my guess, but it should be pretty accurate.”


 “Finally... it is time for you guys to die!”


 Hair Mistress’s expression suddenly changed, her blue hair suddenly rose up to entangle the five Gu Immortals.


 Mu Ling Lan was vigilant the whole time, instantly flying out of the hall.


 With Bu Zhen Zi’s help, Zhao Lian Yun was also able to escape.


 Inside the hall, the dense blue hair quickly wrapped around Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi, forming two thick blue cocoons.


 “Treacherous witch! Attack!!” Mu Ling Lan was alarmed and furious.


 Before he spoke, Bu Zhen Zi and Zhao Lian Yun had already attacked.


 Rumble...


 The ninth snowy peak emitted thunderous noises.


 The battle had instantly started.


 Eastern Sea.


 Dragon breaths that resembled white sword lights shot at the Gu formation, shaking the whole Gu formation.


 “Fang Yuan is too careful, he is not entering the Gu formation, what do we do now?” Bai Ning Bing asked Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie sighed, transmitting his voice: “I had planned to use this super Gu formation to match against Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle, and probe his exact strength. Who could have expected him to only attack from afar, not giving us any opportunity at all.”


 A concealed sword was the most terrifying.


 Fang Yuan naturally could rely on the upper extreme heavenly eagle to move through space and get inside the Gu formation. But if he did so, he would be revealing the fact that his upper extreme heavenly eagle only had rank six power.


 How could Fang Yuan reveal his own weakness?


 “Although we have the Gu formation’s protection and are secure, Fang Yuan has the initiative. He is using a transformation path killer move, while we are using the super Gu formation, our immortal essence is expending at an extremely fast rate.” Bai Ning Bing spoke.


 Shi Nu requested to battle: “Why don’t I go out to battle and lure him in?”


 Bai Ning Bing disdainfully sneered: “Fang Yuan is a crafty old scoundrel, how could he be provoked by you and rashly enter the Gu formation?”


 Shi Nu furiously glared at Bai Ning Bing: “Then what do you think we should do?”


 “Forget it.” Ying Wu Xie spoke: “Wait for me to make some arrangements and leave behind a cover to confuse him. We will then quietly use the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel to leave this place. As long as we make haste, we will reach Northern Plains and meet with the rank eight Gu Immortal, that would be the time to turn around and deal with Fang Yuan.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was heavy: “You asked me to arrange this Gu formation only to give it up? Forget about the mortal Gu, but you want me to give up the Immortal Gu used in it as well?!”



***
Chapter 1251 - Hair Mistress Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “These are just a few Immortal Gu, so what?” Ying Wu Xie spoke in a profound voice, “As long as our plan succeeds, all your losses can be compensated. Being able to let go is the mark of a wise person. Moreover, we are not just abandoning them senselessly, instead we are leaving them behind to confuse the enemy and get some precious time for ourselves.”


 Bai Ning Bing snorted: “Why do I feel like you are intentionally weakening my strength?”


 “You are thinking too much. The enemy is outside, you can also choose to stay behind and personally control this Gu formation to help us delay the enemy.” Ying Wu Xie glanced at Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flickered with sharp light, before finally nodding: “I shall go with your plan then!”


 It was not that she did not want to fight by herself, but facing such a powerful Fang Yuan, she did not have any confidence in winning.


 Northern Plains, Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Ninth peak.


 Central Continent’s group of five immortals were plotted against by Hair Mistress, they were all wrapped around like cocoons by her blue hair.


 “What killer move is this?!”


 “My immortal essence is rapidly being consumed!”


 “Ah!” Yu Yi Ye Zi suddenly shouted, his whole body suddenly burned with bright flames.


 But the fire was actually not able to burn the blue hair, instead, large amounts of water vapor emerged from the hair, drenching Yu Yi Ye Zi.


 “My fire is earth furnace fire, even melting rank seven Gu material only is a matter of minutes, but it actually cannot burn even a single strand of this hair!” Yu Yi Ye Zi was extremely shocked.


 “Hahaha, it is useless. My move is blue hair constriction, the longer the time taken to activate it, the stronger it becomes. Ever since Old Ancestor Xue Hu began refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, I have been activating this immortal killer move without stopping. Just think of it and you will know how long a time it has been.”


 Hair Mistress lay down on her bed again, laughing heartily.


 “Moreover, I did not completely lie to you. Snowy Mountain blessed land is indeed already covered in a super Gu formation, my battle strength has reached rank seven in here, while all of you have been weakened. Surrender obediently and allow yourself to be captured, maybe you will still have a chance for survival.”


 “Hmph, you are too simpleminded.” Right at this time, an illusory shadow flew out of a blue cocoon.


 The hair cocoon was not damaged at all, but this phantom figure had strangely passed through the cocoon.


 The figure shortly turned from phantom to solid, it was none other than Spirit Affinity House’s rank seven Gu Immortal —


 Bu Zhen Zi!


 Hair Mistress’s expression sank: “So there was a phantom path Gu Immortal, no wonder you can escape my blue hair constriction!”


 While she spoke, a huge amount of blue hair shot out from the ground, hard as needles, supple as snakes, and shot towards Bu Zhen Zi.


 Bu Zhen Zi smiled brightly: “You are still too inexperienced to be able to hurt me.”


 He again turned into phantom form, this time entering another blue cocoon.


 The Gu Immortal inside this cocoon was Zhao Lian Yun.


 Right now, she was activating her immortal killer move to guard against the cutting and strangling of the blue hair.


 Bu Zhen Zi came to her side suddenly, giving Zhao Lian Yun a fright at first.


 “I will count to three, deactivate your defenses and follow me.” Bu Zhen Zi put his hand on her shoulder, as he instructed this.


 Zhao Lian Yun thought: “If I stop my defensive killer move, would I not be shred into pieces by the blue hair?”


 However, she thought again, Bu Zhen Zi would absolutely not deceive her, and decided to believe in him.


 At the next moment, she let go of her defense and stopped activating her defensive method, the blue hair immediately moved towards her, but Zhao Lian Yun had already turned into phantom form.


 Then, both phantoms rushed out of the blue hair cocoon.


 Hair Mistress finally paled with fright.


 Bu Zhen Zi cultivated phantom path, it was normal for him to be able to turn into phantom. But it was unusual to be able to turn others into phantom as well, and even being able to affect those he had turned into phantom.


 Phantom path Gu Immortals were very few in number, Bu Zhen Zi was no doubt an exceptional talent among them.


 It was because of these methods that Spirit Affinity House was confident in him being able to ensure Zhao Lian Yun’s safety.


 After Bu Zhen Zi rescued Zhao Lian Yun, he repeated the same thing, rescuing the other three.


 The five Central Continent Gu Immortals then started to surround and attack Hair Mistress.


 However, even with one against five, Hair Mistress was not at a disadvantage.


 Blue hair coiled around her whole body, dancing around like snakes and at times, standing up like a wall, as it dissolved all the offenses of the five Gu Immortals.


 “She clearly has only rank six cultivation, but actually has rank seven battle strength!”


 “I have also found there are indeed traces of a super Gu formation in Snowy Mountain blessed land.”


 “Get out of my way, let me attack!” Mu Ling Lan moved away from the four immortals, and activated his immortal killer move.


 Howl!


 Wolf howls resounded, three giant light blue water wolves appeared from thin air and charged towards Hair Mistress while brandishing their teeth and claws.


 Hair Mistress’s hair wall was broken again and again, and was unable to stop the water wolves’ offense. She quickly rose up and broke out of the ceiling into the air.


 The five Central Continent Gu Immortals immediately flew up to give chase.


 Hair Mistress soon fell into a passive state.


 Although her battle strength was rather strong, Zhao Lian Yun’s side had the numerical advantage.


 Hair Mistress’s offense lowered as she started to defend more, most of her blue hair was destroyed, the remainder had curled up into a ball that firmly protected her.


 “This immortal killer move is truly terrifying, it can absorb and release energy.”


 “A portion of our immortal killer moves are absorbed by it and released back against us.”


 “Even my snake wave stab cannot pierce through this hair ball.” Mu Ling Lan was solemn.


 Bu Zhen Zi suddenly transmitted his voice to Mu Ling Lan.


 Mu Ling Lan’s expression shook: “Let’s try again then.”


 He accumulated energy for a while before suddenly pointing out his right index finger towards the continuously revolving blue hair ball.


 At the next moment, a water snake half a foot long flew out from his fingernail.


 The small snake was lifelike, completely formed from water and was deep blue in color.


 The water snake was extremely fast, but right now, under Mu Ling Lan’s control, it intentionally flew slowly.


 At this moment, Bu Zhen Zi suddenly used his immortal killer move, turning the water snake into phantom, the water snake was easily able to pass through the hair ball and appeared in front of Hair Mistress.


 Hair Mistress turned pale from the shock, quickly activating her second defensive killer move.


 But the water snake turned into solid, breaking open Hair Mistress’s defense and piercing straight into her heart.


 Hair Mistress gave a sharp screech as her soul escaped out of her body.


 The hair ball detonated, a huge number of short hairs shot out everywhere like sharp arrows.


 Central Continent’s five immortals could only concentrate on defending themselves, and let Hair Mistress’ soul escape.


 “We won! Hair Mistress is dead, only her soul is left now.” Shi Zheng Yi was extremely excited.


 “Good teamwork.” Bu Zhen Zi and Mu Ling Lan looked at each other and smiled.


 These two rank seven Gu Immortals had made the biggest contributions in defeating Hair Mistress. First, Bu Zhen Zi rescued them from the cocoons, then Mu Ling Lan was the main attacker. Yu Yi Ye Zi, Zhao Lian Yun and Shi Zheng Yi were only supporting figures.


 The battle ended, the ninth peak turned silent.


 What should they do next?


 The five immortals discussed and soon came to a consensus.


 They would first retreat and wait for the other forces from Central Continent to arrive!


 With just the five of them, how could they go against the whole of Snowy Mountain? Forget about other Gu Immortals, just Old Ancestor Xue Hu alone was an opponent they could not beat.


 However, the five immortals found they were unable to leave this place.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land was a public blessed land, the whole blessed land was pieced together, its defense could not compare to a normal blessed land. But there was a super Gu formation arranged here, even Bu Zhen Zi’s phantom transformation method was of no use.


 “Damn it, we don’t have a formation path Gu Immortal among us. If we had a formation path great expert, maybe we could decipher the profundities of this Gu formation.” Mu Ling Lan wrung his hands in disappointment.


 There had been multiple formation path Gu Immortals specially mixed in among the Central Continent Gu Immortals sent. Unfortunately, because of the unexpected collapse of the spaceless tunnel, not even one formation path Gu Immortal was among this group of five.


 The five Central Continent immortals helplessly found that even though they defeated Hair Mistress, her soul escaped, while they were trapped in the ninth snowy peak, unable to escape from this super Gu formation.


 “What should we do?” They looked at each other, feeling great pressure.


 How could they not feel pressure?


 This was the enemy’s base.


 The rank eight Gu Immortal Old Ancestor Xue Hu could crush them with just his fingers.


 “Did you all find something strange? We have already been here in Snowy Mountain blessed land for a while now, but no one has actually come.” Yu Yi Ye Zi suddenly spoke.


 The other four immortals had the same feeling.


 “It is indeed strange. We have invaded Snowy Mountain blessed land and battled Hair Mistress, the commotion was huge, but besides Hair Mistress, no one else has appeared.”


 “Our fight with Hair Mistress was not a short one, but no other Gu Immortals came to reinforce her.”


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu did not appear, it could be because of a rank eight’s pride. But the other Gu Immortals should have allied and besieged us, there is no way they are holding back now!”


 Mu Ling Lan, Bu Zhen Zi and Yu Yi Ye Zi pondered over this, and felt it was odd.


 Right at this time, inside Zhao Lian Yun’s immortal aperture, love Gu suddenly activated, a powerful Immortal Gu aura rose from Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


 Such a majestic aura caused the other four immortals’ expression to change.


 “What a powerful aura! Is it a rank nine Immortal Gu?”


 “I remember this aura appeared in the spaceless tunnel as well.”


 “So it was you who protected us!”


 Mu Ling Lan, Yu Yi Ye Zi and Shi Zheng Yi stared at Zhao Lian Yun, dumbfounded.


 Zhao Lian Yun, however, did not have control over her body, her eyes had rolled back, showing her whites, her legs were a foot above the ground, her head was slightly raised, and she was emitting chuckling sounds.


 “Don’t disturb her, this is love Gu’s power.” Bu Zhen Zi quickly spoke.


 “Love Gu?!”


 “Spirit Affinity House’s signature Immortal Gu was actually brought here by Zhao Lian Yun?!”


 The other three immortals were extremely shocked.


 Bu Zhen Zi smiled bitterly, as he explained to them.


 After a while, Zhao Lian Yun woke up: “I know all the secrets of this Gu formation now!”


 The four immortals were joyous.


 “This was because of love Gu?” Mu Ling Lan’s eyes were wide open.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded.


 “Quickly explain it to us.” Bu Zhen Zi urged.



***
Chapter 1252 - Fate Reversing Sacrificial Refinement Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This formation is called fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation. It was set up by Sun Ming Lu, using over ten Immortal Gu, the crucial point is it irrigates the water of Reverse Flow River, thus it has extremely astonishing power!”


 Zhao Lian Yun explained in a heavy voice.


 Love Immortal Gu had activated of its own accord, using up large amounts of immortal essence in Zhao Lian Yun’s immortal aperture, it had all sorts of effects, and this time, it had let Zhao Lian Yun directly obtain the origins and history of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


 “Reverse Flow River? That legendary Reverse Flow River?” Yu Yi Ye Zi’s eyes opened wide.


 “Right, it is the Reverse Flow River recorded in >.” Zhao Lian Yun nodded.


 > stated, Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and Reverse Flow River were the three obstacles inside the door of life and death. Back then, to save his eldest son, Verdant Great Sun, Ren Zu had traveled to Obsession Death Domain but had failed. Ren Zu could only pass through the three obstacles, to revive once again.


 In the end, Ren Zu had passed Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, but had failed in Reverse Flow River.


 “Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, who could have thought it was in Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands.” Bu Zhen Zi sighed.


 Mu Ling Lan spoke: “Supposedly, in the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had relied on ghostly concealment to enter the door of life and death, and moved Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley out, but was unable to take Reverse Flow River. I never expected Reverse Flow River to be taken by someone as well.”


 Mu Ling Lan was a supreme elder of Spirit Butterfly Valley, this ancient sect was most skilled in information gathering, so Mu Ling Lan knew many secrets.


 This group of immortals soon accepted this fact.


 Since Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley could be taken away, it was not that strange for Reverse Flow River to appear as well.


 “The main thing now is how to break this fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.” Bu Zhen Zi emphasized.


 But Zhao Lian Yun shook her head: “It is almost impossible to break this formation. Even a rank eight Gu Immortal will be trapped and not be able to extricate themselves. Although there are no rank eight Immortal Gu used in this super Gu formation, this super Gu formation perfectly utilizes Reverse Flow River, which allows it to display endless might.”


 Zhao Lian Yun explained slowly while the other four immortals listened speechlessly, no longer having the intention to break the formation.


 This super Gu formation has completely remodeled Snowy Mountain blessed land, using the fifteen snowy peaks as the formation cores to form a solid defense.


 If a Gu Immortal charges into the formation, they would be forcibly sent to different snowy peaks depending on their cultivation.


 If it was a rank seven Gu Immortal, they would be sent to the snowy peaks with rank seven Gu Immortals to fight.


 If it was a rank eight Gu Immortal, they would be sent to Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Hair Mistress’ words had some truth and some lies, and were not completely nonsense.


 The fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation could indeed amplify the strength of the Gu Immortal in the formation cores. It could let rank six Gu Immortals have rank seven might, and while it could not let rank seven Gu Immortals have rank eight strength, there would still be a tremendous boost.


 Moreover, this fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation also imitated Regret Pool, having some mysterious abilities of time path.


 The truly wicked thing was any Gu Immortals that died within the formation would be considered as sacrificing their life to this formation, helping Lady Wan Shou, who was in the center of the formation, refine Ma Hong Yun.


 “No wonder when we killed Hair Mistress, her body and immortal aperture turned into ashes and disappeared.”


 “Although her soul escaped, her soul must have already dispersed completely due to this formation.”


 “Who could have thought Sun Ming Lu could actually construct such a level of super Gu formation? Such a powerful formation, even the ten great ancient sects might not be able to match it.”


 “Sun Ming Lu is Northern Plains’ publicly recognized number one formation path grandmaster. According to rumors, he has an unyielding nature and highly values ties of friendship. He did not associate himself with the demonic path. Earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had put down his pride and invited him repeatedly, but Sun Ming Lu did not yield to such an expert. In the end, he was touched by Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s love for Lady Wan Shou, and helped Lady Wan Shou construct a refinement path Gu formation. But from the looks of it now, creating such a wicked refinement path Gu formation, this Sun Ming Lu is not a good person.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals discussed.


 “That means, if we go out of this snowy peak, we will be forcefully separated and have to fend for ourselves?” Bu Zhen Zi asked.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded: “It should be the case. We appeared here because of love Immortal Gu’s strength.”


 Love Gu was a rank nine Immortal Gu, its might surpassed the whole super Gu formation, so it could make the five Gu Immortals appear at the ninth snowy peak together.


 However, right now, love Gu did not activate, this group of five would be separated by the Gu formation once they stepped out of the range of this snowy peak.


 Bu Zhen Zi frowned deeply. This was extremely bad news.


 He was given the task to escort Zhao Lian Yun, to protect Zhao Lian Yun as well as love Gu. But now, this super Gu formation would separate them, and there was nothing he could do.


 “How about this, Fairy Lian Yun, enter my immortal aperture. I don’t believe this super Gu formation can influence my immortal aperture?” Bu Zhen Zi hesitated before making up his mind.


 The immortal aperture of a Gu Immortal was their greatest secret, and normally they would not let others enter.


 However, Bu Zhen Zi knew the significance of this matter and decided to make a sacrifice, letting Zhao Lian Yun in.


 They could only do this.


 Because Zhao Lian Yun did not have a true immortal aperture, hers was a phantom aperture. Heavenly Court’s phantom aperture had advantages as well as disadvantages. A disadvantage was that it could only store immortal essence, Gu worms and will, but could not be managed and developed like normal immortal apertures. It also had to be replenished at set intervals of time and could not last forever. An advantage was that it could store Immortal Gu of any rank, just like Zhao Lian Yun currently could store love Gu, and not have to worry about this rank nine Immortal Gu bursting the immortal aperture.


 However, after attempting it, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals found that they could not even open the entrance to their immortal apertures.


 Clearly, Sun Ming Lu had considered this issue when he constructed this super Gu formation. This flaw was not in the Gu formation.


 The Gu Immortals fell into an awkward situation.


 They had gotten rid of Hair Mistress, but they themselves were trapped here.


 But there was good news, they did not need to worry about any reinforcements or the rank eight Old Ancestor Xue Hu making a move against them.


 Because in this super Gu formation, each snowy peak lord guarded one peak, and could not leave it. Any rank eight Gu Immortals whom invaded Snowy Mountain blessed land could not fight rank six or rank seven snowy peak lords, and could only fight Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 This rule restricted Old Ancestor Xue Hu as well.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu could not make things difficult for rank six and rank seven invaders.


 The reason for this rule came from Reverse Flow River.


 Humans aspired to move up the social ladder, while water flowed downwards due to gravity.


 These were rules of the world.


 With rank eight as the high point, and rank seven and rank six as the low, the higher ranked Gu Immortals could only look for those of similar level or fight with stronger Gu Immortals.


 In the whole Gu formation, the first snowy peak was the highest point, the invaders must move on to other peaks and could not leave.


 This was the might of Reverse Flow River.


 > recorded that even Ren Zu was not able to successfully emerge from the river.


 But this Reverse Flow River was, after all, only a secluded domain of heaven and earth. Sun Ming Lu used the plentiful dao marks in this secluded domain to create the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


 And as the main parts of the formation, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and the snowy peak lords were also unable to go against this rule.


 If it was not Reverse Flow River, and was one or more other Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortals could control the formation by themselves and create an environment favorable to themselves, instead of being in such a rigid situation like now.


 But regardless, even though there was this flaw, Snowy Mountain blessed land was a solid fortress, easy to defend but hard to attack. With this Gu formation helping him, it was no wonder that Old Ancestor Xue Hu felt extremely confident and did not hide the commotion of refining fortune rivaling heaven Gu.


 Even if he wanted to hide it, he might not necessarily be able to. The crucial thing was that he was not afraid of Gu Immortals attacking. Instead, he was even waiting for them, because the Gu Immortals who died in the Gu formation, whether it be enemies or his own side, they would turn into fuel which would help him refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu!


 “Since that is the case, we might as well stay here and wait for the response from our reinforcements.” Bu Zhen Zi suggested.


 This suggestion was approved by the other Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 They were now familiar with the details of this Gu formation, but it was not of much use.


 Zhao Lian Yun frowned, but she did not argue. After all, Ma Hong Yun was at the first peak, that was the center of the Gu formation, used to refine Gu. Even if Zhao Lian Yun and the group charged through the many snowy peaks and reached the first peak, they would have to face the rank eight Gu Immortal Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Black heaven, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “We have discovered a small group.” South Desolation Immortal breathed out deeply.


 “Ah? Where?” Yao Huang asked.


 “They actually ran right inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. Strange...” South Desolation Immortal was uncertain.


 Although he knew Central Continent Gu Immortals had entered the spaceless tunnel, he was not aware that an unexpected mishap had occurred in the spaceless tunnel.


 He had thought he could find the majority of Central Continent’s forces, but he only discovered a small group.


 However, this discovery included Zhao Lian Yun, an important person.


 Love Immortal Gu.


 The reason South Desolation Immortal woke up was due to this.


 “Snowy Mountain blessed land.” Yao Huang frowned, “Not all the Central Continent Gu Immortals have appeared?”


 South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Maybe this is their plan of luring enemies, but whether it be rank eight Gu Immortals or Immortal Gu Houses, there are none of them.”


 Yao Huang’s frown became deeper.


 Just like when Fang Yuan confronted Ying Wu Xie, he did not take out the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but it had instead caused Ying Wu Xie to be even more apprehensive.


 The situation of Yao Huang and South Desolation Immortal was largely similar.


 If the Central Continent Gu Immortals had all appeared, they would be able to use all their strength to deal with them.


 However, only five people appeared, which instead caused South Desolation Immortal and Yao Huang to not understand what the Central Continent Gu Immortals were planning.


 Was this some kind of sinister plot? Are they brewing some special plan?


 South Desolation Immortal thought about it before deciding: “Let this group of Central Continent Gu Immortals fight with Snowy Mountain blessed land first. The important thing is still the larger portion of the Central Continent group. Until this larger portion appears, we will just watch the events from the side.”


 “Okay.” Yao Huang nodded, but was guessing inwardly: “Lord South Desolation is aware about the situation inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. This is not Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace’s ability, does our side have an insider in Snowy Mountain blessed land?”



***
Chapter 1253 - Courting Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea.


 The sword dragon kept on breathing out sword light.


 Rays of white dragon breath struck the Gu formation, causing the Gu formation to truly sway.


 “Something is not right. Ying Wu Xie and the others are not fools, their immortal essence expenditure while activating the super Gu formation is far greater than mine. But they are actually maintaining the stalemate without retreating and letting me attack, do they have some other plan?”


 Fang Yuan was attacking furiously, although he was not able to break the formation, he firmly held the initiative. Thoughts were surging in his mind and had not stopped even for a second.


 “They should know I have the upper extreme heavenly eagle. Are they not afraid of me using the upper extreme heavenly eagle to penetrate space and enter the formation? Or is this Gu formation a trap to deal with my upper extreme heavenly eagle?”


 “Or could it be that Sixth Hair has already learned from Lang Ya land spirit that my upper extreme heavenly eagle is only an egg, thus they are not afraid?”


 “Wait.”


 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped attacking, and dived inside the sea.


 While under the sea, he waited for a reaction from Ying Wu Xie’s group while activating an immortal killer move.


 Qi luck sensation.


 “They are indeed all inside the Gu formation.” Fang Yuan relaxed: “It seems I was thinking too much.”


 Fang Yuan continued to attack the Gu formation, but he gradually discovered the Gu formation was only passively defending and there were no signs of Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing or the rest.


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought and stopped attacking again.


 Right now, he was holding the initiative, and he could choose freely whether to attack or not. On the other hand, the enemy was defending and in a very passive situation, not knowing when Fang Yuan would attack, and they had to maintain the Gu formation all the time, which consumed their immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan stopped his offenses and besides maintaining the sword dragon transformation, he did not need to use up any immortal essence, thus his expenditure was even lesser.


 The silent confrontation lasted for an hour, Fang Yuan gradually realized the fishy situation.


 The Gu formation was like a deep pool, and no commotion was visible inside. The enemy was actually firmly deciding on maintaining this stalemate with Fang Yuan.


 “Ying Wu Xie seems to have some other motive that requires the safe environment created by the Gu formation. No matter what, I cannot let him continue smoothly, I should quickly take action and destroy the formation. It seems I can’t continue to hide this trump card, I need to use it early!”


 Ying Wu Xie’s plan had come into effect and Fang Yuan’s qi luck sensation was misled.


 But Fang Yuan still had sharp judgment regarding the situation, he firmly acted without hiding any trump cards.


 If it was earlier, dragon breath would be his strongest weapon, but it was different now.


 At the next moment, a dragon roar resounded over an enormous surrounding distance!


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel.


 Ying Wu Xie’s vision suddenly changed, and when his vision was stable, he was already at the regional wall.


 This was Eastern Sea’s blue water regional wall, it was deep blue, and was like a giant screen that connected heaven and earth, expansive and boundless. The four Gu Immortals (Tai Bai Yun Sheng had entered Hei Lou Lan’s immortal aperture) standing in front of the vast and mighty regional wall were as small as ants.


 Once they entered, the ancient battle formation could not be used and they could only move by themselves.


 Because using Gu worms or immortal killer moves in the regional wall would shake their immortal apertures, the ancient battle formation would cause this even more and the backlash would be extremely big.


 Just as they were looking at the regional wall, Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed, Bai Ning Bing also subconsciously looked back, her eyes letting out sharp light as she stared at the direction they came from.


 “The Gu formation has been broken.” Bai Ning Bing spoke in a heavy voice.


 “So quickly?!” Hei Lou Lan was also moved.


 She thought of when she was trapped, and compared it to how quickly Fang Yuan had broken the formation. Even if she was inside and he was outside, it clearly showed his terrifying battle strength.


 “Did he use the upper extreme heavenly eagle?” Hei Lou Lan quickly thought of a possibility.


 “No.” Bai Ning Bing shook her head.


 Fang Yuan had broken the Gu formation, but did not discover anybody and was not able to obtain any Gu worms. Once the Gu formation was broken, the Gu worms would all self-detonate, how could Bai Ning Bing leave behind resources for the enemy?


 Although the losses were huge, the scene when Fang Yuan attacked had been shown to them.


 In a battle between Gu Immortals, information was a crucial and very important factor.


 Bai Ning Bing, Ying Wu Xie and the group naturally would not let go of such a good opportunity to gather information.


 “Fang Yuan used a completely new killer move, it is probably a recent creation of his.” Ying Wu Xie spoke.


 “This killer move is terrifyingly powerful.” Bai Ning Bing’s expression was heavy: “Unless we have a method which targets it, we won’t be able to last a few breaths of time even if we combine our strengths.”


 “What?!” Hei Lou Lan took a sharp breath, even the silent and expressionless Shi Nu was visibly terrified.


 Ying Wu Xie knew the situation was far from good, he had arranged the formation and planned to delay for time.


 Although his plan succeeded, he had not expected it to delay him for just such a short period of time.


 They would have to spend some time in passing the regional wall.


 The crucial thing was that the nature of the sovereign immortal body made it so that the sovereign immortal body could travel through regional walls freely without any restriction. Ying Wu Xie naturally already knew about this.


 “The super Gu formation was forcefully broken, Fang Yuan has discovered we are not there. He will definitely use qi luck sensation again and search for us. If we enter the regional wall, even if I consider the best case scenario, according to Fang Yuan’s previous speed, he will certainly be able to catch up to us. We would then have to fight with him inside the regional wall. So, should I not enter this regional wall?”


 Ying Wu Xie began to let out cold sweat, his heart felt like it was pressed under an enormous weight.


 Ying Wu Xie judged the situation, he clearly knew his side was already on the brink of life and death, even though they were not under attack right now, if they did not handle the following situation properly, they would be in danger of dying!


 And whether they could get out of this danger or not would depend on his plan.


 The heavy pressure weighed down on Ying Wu Xie’s shoulders. This did not concern only his survival, it also concerned the Gu Immortals beside him.


 Alright, Ying Wu Xie did not care about the safety of the Gu Immortals beside him, he did not even fear his own death. But if he died, who would save the Demon Venerable’s main body? Shadow Sect was in ruins currently, he was the only hope left!


 “How could this be? How could Fang Yuan’s battle strength rise to such a level in such a short time?”


 “He cannot even use wisdom Gu, how did he make deductions? Could it be that he gained some powerful wisdom path methods?”


 Deducing immortal killer moves could not be done in a matter of days. Fang Yuan’s trump card was too abrupt, catching Ying Wu Xie off-guard.


 “I have already used up the method to confuse the enemy, if we enter the regional wall, we will definitely have to fight Fang Yuan. Our side is at a great disadvantage!” Ying Wu Xie was very clear on this, using immortal killer moves in the regional wall would cause backlash, but Fang Yuan did not have such a restriction.


 The five regional walls were the perfect places for him to fight! Even rank eight Gu Immortals might be in a bad situation. Because when rank eights entered the regional walls, they would face much more restriction than rank sixes or rank sevens.


 Naturally, rank eight Gu Immortals moved through black heaven or white heaven, and would not stupidly travel to and fro through the regional walls.


 If Ying Wu Xie persisted on entering the regional wall, undoubtedly, he would be taking a huge risk. Fang Yuan had shown his trump card, even without counting the upper extreme heavenly eagle, just this trump card alone made Ying Wu Xie feel he could not go against Fang Yuan..


 “No, there is still Bai Ning Bing.” Ying Wu Xie suddenly had a thought, secretly glancing at Bai Ning Bing.


 He immediately felt the alliance was an extremely good decision. At the same time, he also felt some emotions, who could have thought he would actually have to rely on Bai Ning Bing’s strength at this moment.


 This was truly, what goes around comes around, the trajectory of fate had countless changes, he, the grand Ying Wu Xie, would actually have to rely on Bai Ning Bing, who had been arranged as a pawn before!


 “But how much strength does Bai Ning Bing have? It has not been long since she inherited Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.” Ying Wu Xie did not have much confidence as he thought on it.


 He then thought: “But if don’t enter the regional wall now, we can only wander around in Eastern Sea, Omni-directional Travel is also not a method that can be used repeatedly and requires some time before it can be used again. If so, we will sooner or later be found by Fang Yuan.”


 “More importantly, this is Eastern Sea. All the Gu Immortals on my side are of other regions!’


 Ying Wu Xie’s physical body was a Western Desert immortal zombie, Bai Ning Bing was a Southern Border Gu Immortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were from Northern Plains, and Shi Nu was from Central Continent. There was not one Eastern Sea Gu Immortal.


 Foreign region Gu Immortals would be marginalized in other regions and even be hunted. Although this was not too common in Eastern Sea, one should not forget that Fang Yuan was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal.


 Sovereign immortal body!


 It could completely blend into any region and become a Gu Immortal of that region.


 When the time comes in which both sides battle, and Eastern Sea Gu Immortals appear, and Fang Yuan had the upper hand, it goes without saying that the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals would help Fang Yuan.


 Few people would provide help when one desperately needed it, but there were many who would add fuel to the fire.


 “So if we stay in Eastern Sea, we might not only be facing Fang Yuan, but other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals as well.” Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly.


 After experiencing many setbacks, he had matured immeasurably. Thinking through all elements comprehensively, it was incomparable to the past.


 “Moreover, Fang Yuan still has the upper extreme heavenly eagle.”


 “We must go to Northern Plains! Snowy Mountain blessed land is our only hope. We can use the rank eight Gu Immortal to kill him.”


 After considering everything, Ying Wu Xie finally made a firm resolution and flew straight into the regional wall.


 Several hours later, a sword dragon flew over from far away.


 “Trying to enter Northern Plains?” This sword dragon was Fang Yuan’s transformation.


 Everything was like Ying Wu Xie expected, after he broke the Gu formation, he did not discover any trace of Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 How would Fang Yuan not understand that the other side had made a ploy to escape, fortunately, he had not hesitated to expose his trump card and forcibly destroyed the Gu formation, otherwise, he would still be in the dark.


 “It seems that although qi luck sensation can detect the target, it can also be misled.”


 “Then this target I am sensing, will it also be false?”


 If it was false, Fang Yuan could do nothing about it, after all, this was his only clue.


 But if it was real...


 Hehe.


 “I can get rid of you all in the regional wall. All of you are actually traveling in the regional wall in front of me, you are courting death!”



***
Chapter 1254 - Love Becomes The Problem


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Waiting was often long and difficult to endure.


 Shi Zheng Yi was unable to sit still, pacing back and forth in the large hall.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was sitting cross-legged on the ground with his eyes closed, he spoke with dissatisfaction: “Can’t you rest properly, don’t move back and forth.”


 Shi Zheng Yi yelled: “I have already rested enough, sigh, how long do we have to wait?”


 “Until the other group arrives.” Bu Zhen Zi spoke.


 “If they don’t come, do we continue waiting forever?” Zhao Lian Yun frowned, she was also somewhat impatient.


 When fighting with Hair Mistress, the five immortals were all wholeheartedly focused and did not feel anything. Now that they were cooped up in here, every second became unbearable.


 Zhao Lian Yun was feeling even worse, like a fire was burning her heart.


 Bu Zhen Zi frowned and was about to speak.


 But at this moment, Zhao Lian Yun spoke again: “You must have some thoughts. All of you have seen and even personally gone through the final moment in the spaceless tunnel. Do you think that perhaps the other Gu Immortals have died there?”


 “Impossible!” Shi Zheng Yi was the first to refute it, as he glared at Zhao Lian Yun with anger.


 His father, Shi Ge, was among those Gu Immortals. Zhao Lian Yun’s words were like predicting his father’s death.


 Zhao Lian Yun ignored Shi Zheng Yi’s attitude, continuing: “You are all aware that we came here because of love Gu’s power. But the other Gu Immortals did not get such help. Even the Immortal Gu Houses were on the verge of destruction at that time, let alone Gu Immortals. If there are no reinforcements, how long do we wait for?”


 The other Gu Immortals had slight changes in their expressions. They actually had such worries, but it was just that they did not take the initiative to speak up.


 Now, Zhao Lian Yun had brought up this topic, Bu Zhen Zi thought and spoke in a deep voice: “Your speculation is not impossible. But even if there are no reinforcements, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects will send a second group of Gu Immortals.”


 Zhao Lian Yun continued: “The can the second group of reinforcements reach here? You have all experienced the difficulties and dangers we faced on our way. Can spaceless tunnel still be used a second time? Even if it can be used, can we be at ease using it again?”


 Bu Zhen Zi firmly stared at Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes, and spoke solemnly: “You need to believe in our sect, Zhao Lian Yun, you are Spirit Affinity House’s fairy, the sect is your biggest backer. If you don’t believe in even the sect, who can you trust?”


 Zhao Lian Yun sharply sensed Bu Zhen Zi’s displeasure.


 But she disregarded it, and continued: “Even if the sect sends reinforcements and they reach here, what about the time? When will they arrive here? What price will they have to pay? Will there be mishaps again? This is Northern Plains, not Central Continent.”


 Bu Zhen Zi was silent.


 He was unable to retort to Zhao Lian Yun’s words.


 Zhao Lian Yun let out a breath of air: “In short, I don’t want to wait any longer.”


 “You have to wait even if you don’t want to.” Bu Zhen Zi frowned in anger.


 He stared at Zhao Lian Yun, both did not retreat and were fixated on their own stance.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes were soon filled with mist, she moved her sight and looked the other way: “If, during this time, Hong Yun is killed, what would we do? Can you make a guarantee?”


 In truth, Zhao Lian Yun was feeling more and more afraid as she waited.


 What she was afraid of was not her own safety.


 Instead, under the situation where the reinforcements were far away, waiting could not solve the problem.


 If during this time, Ma Hong Yun was harmed by Old Ancestor Xue Hu and successfully used as a Gu material to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, this would be Zhao Lian Yun’s lifetime regret.


 In the future, when she recalled it, she would be filled with extreme regret!


 Regret that she had once been so close to Ma Hong Yun, charging into Snowy Mountain blessed land, and fate gave her a perfect opportunity but she did not take it.


 The blurry view of the first peak could be seen from the ninth peak. It was such a short distance, but she just kept on waiting here, losing the final chance.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not want to see such a thing happening, that result would make her feel sadness and pain that was worse than death!


 The other three immortals did not find it convenient to meddle in the quarrel between Zhao Lian Yun and Bu Zhen Zi, after all, it was Spirit Affinity House’s internal matter.


 Bu Zhen Zi retorted: “Even if you don’t want to wait, can you save Ma Hong Yun? Even if you are able to defeat other snowy peak lords, don’t forget that you will have to face Old Ancestor Xue Hu in the end because Ma Hong Yun is kept at the first peak!”


 “I know.” Zhao Lian Yun clenched her fists, her voice becoming sharper, “But you said as well that before Old Ancestor Xue Hu, we will have to deal with the other ten or so snowy peak lords. We can get rid of them first, in any case, rank eight Gu Immortals cannot act against us in this Gu formation! With this, once our reinforcements arrive, we can directly attack the first peak, saving time and energy.”


 Bu Zhen Zi was furious, his expression turning dark: “Then I will speak frankly, this super Gu formation amplifies the enemy’s power while weakening us. If we leave this place, we will be forcefully separated by the formation and transported to other snowy peaks. Will each of you be able to fight them alone? In the previous battle, Mu Ling Lan and I led the main attack, what help can you three rank sixes bring?”


 Bu Zhen Zi spoke bluntly, but the three rank six Gu Immortals were not able to retort because what he said was a fact.


 Zhao Lian Yun lowered her head in silence for a while, before she raised her head and said: “Then I am going to use love Gu again!”


 Bu Zhen Zi scoffed: “Who do you think you are? Will Love Gu listen to you and allow you to control it? Back then, even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not able to refine love Gu.”


 “That is because he did not receive the acknowledgement of love Gu.” Zhao Lian Yun retorted.


 “So what you are saying is that all the other fairies of Spirit Affinity House were useless? Not even one of them was able to control love Gu?” Bu Zhen Zi sneered.


 “How would I know without trying?” Zhao Lian Yun was persistent.


 Bu Zhen Zi laughed, and was just about to speak when Zhao Lian Yun had already taken action, she called out in her heart: “Love Gu, oh love Gu, please display your might, take the five of us to another snowy peak!”


 Love Gu did not even budge, as if it was dead.


 Zhao Lian Yun was unwilling to give up, she continued to pray and beg in her heart.


 Bu Zhen Zi noticed Zhao Lian Yun’s stillness, and was about to speak, but right at this moment, love Gu’s aura rose from Zhao Lian Yun’s body and, at the same time, bright radiance covered Zhao Lian Yun.


 The other four immortals were extremely shocked, all of their eyes were wide open as they stared fixedly at this sight.


 Mu Ling Lan could not help but say: “This... it seems like the time when we left spaceless tunnel and appeared at Snowy Mountain blessed land, it was this aura and also the light.”


 “Continue, don’t stop.” Shi Zheng Yi urged.


 At the next moment, the light moving around Zhao Lian Yun seemed to act on its own, as it spread towards the other four Gu Immortals.


 “Like this, we can charge our way towards the other snowy peaks. Ah! Maybe it can directly take us out of Snowy Mountain blessed land.” Shi Zheng Yi was hopeful.


 Bu Zhen Zi’s mouth was wide open, unable to say a word at this moment.


 The shock he felt was much more intense than the others.


 “Love Gu cannot be controlled, this is absolutely true from history! Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was left without options. But why? Why!”


 “Why is love Gu so obedient in Zhao Lian Yun’s hands?”


 “Could it be that Zhao Lian Yun is the strongest fairy in the whole history of Spirit Affinity House?!”


 “No, it is more likely because of her status. She is an otherworldly demon, could it be that otherworldly demons and love Gu complement each other? Others cannot control love Gu, but an otherworldly demon is an exception?”


 Countless thoughts welled up in Bu Zhen Zi’s mind, like surging waves in the sea.


 While he was thinking, the space behind him suddenly ruptured and turned into a fist sized black hole. The black hole let out an unimaginable suction force, forcibly dragging in Bu Zhen Zi!


 A person as strong as Bu Zhen Zi, a rank seven Gu Immortal, was unable to do anything and was directly dragged in, disappearing from the spot.


 At the same time, the same thing happened to other Gu Immortals. In the blink of an eye, this large hall was empty and silent.


 “We have left the ninth snowy peak!” Bu Zhen Zi held feelings of shock, as he sized up his surroundings the moment his feet landed on solid ground.


 This was similarly inside a large hall. But this hall was different from the previous one, the previous hall was decorated and beautiful, and seemingly emitted feminine aura, while this hall was majestic and grand, with a masculine air emanating from it.


 “Which snowy peak is this?” Bu Zhen Zi had this thought.


 But shortly afterwards, his expression suddenly changed, as he shouted: “Damn it!”


 He found that he was the only one in the whole hall. The other four Gu Immortals were nowhere to be seen.


 He sobered himself up: Looks like I was overthinking it. Zhao Lian Yun might be an otherworldly demon, but how can she control love Gu? Love Gu is still unreliable and has countless abilities, who knows when it will act up.


 “I was sent here, what about the others? Where are they? It would be best if they were together, Zhao Lian Yun would be slightly more safe then. But if Zhao Lian Yun is alone...”


 Bu Zhen Zi did not dare to continue thinking.


 Right at this time, an inky black shadow crept near him from the ground and silently attacked him.


 Bu Zhen Zi’s instincts set off warning signs, he quickly jumped back and dodged.


 But the shadow was like a viper, extremely fast, and within a breath of time, it had pounced towards Bu Zhen Zi’s feet.


 Turn phantom!


 At the crucial moment, Bu Zhen Zi used his specialty as a phantom path Gu Immortal, turning into phantom form.


 The shadow helplessly passed through him, reaching behind Bu Zhen Zi.



***
Chapter 1255 - Zhao Lian Yun’s Death?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Clap clap clap.


 A series of claps could be heard.


 “It is indeed phantom path.” A Gu Immortal showed himself.


 This person was tall and well-built, with residues of a beard on his face, his eyes had no white color, being completely black. The most eye-catching thing was he had a skin-like black cloak draping behind him.


 Bu Zhen Zi’s pupils shrunk slightly as he recognized this person. Since the Central Continent Gu Immortals had come to save Ma Hong Yun, how could they not have information on Snowy Mountain blessed land?


 “So it is Shadow King.” Bu Zhen Zi lightly spoke, pointing out the other Gu Immortal’s identity.


 At the same time, he also realized he was now at the seventh peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Previously, this seventh peak’s owner had been Xue Song Zi.


 However, after Xue Song Zi died, a demonic path Gu Immortal joined of his own accord, and it was this person.


 In fact, Snowy Mountain blessed land was a place which Northern Plains’ demonic path Gu Immortals were attracted towards, especially those demons who were wanted by Huang Jin tribes, needing to find a reliable backer like Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Perhaps there were also some Gu Immortals, wanting to prolong their lives, who joined Snowy Mountain blessed land because of Lady Wan Shou.


 Naturally, because Old Ancestor Xue Hu was refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, it caused the morale of the members of Snowy Mountain blessed land to drop.


 Shadow King looked at Bu Zhen Zi, and laughed: “You guys from Central Continent truly came running into death.”


 “It isn’t certain who dies yet.” Bu Zhen Zi sneered.


 “Is that so?!” Shadow King suddenly turned into a pitch-black shadow, pouncing towards Bu Zhen Zi.


 Rumble, at the next instance, muffled explosions resounded from the seventh snowy peak.


 The large hall shook, large amounts of snow that had accumulated on the mountain rolled down, forming a small avalanche.


 Different from what Bu Zhen Zi had expected, Zhao Lian Yun was not alone but also was not with all the other immortals.


 Twelfth peak.


 Both sides had already started fighting.


 “Oh? Two little ants, hmph, see how I step on you and send you to death.” The twelfth snowy peak lord called out, and stepped fiercely with his right leg.


 The twelfth snowy peak lord had transformed into a giant with the head of a bull and body of a human, his two legs had also turned into thick and firm bull legs.


 Bam.


 The bull leg stomped, creating a deep pit.


 The peak lord had powerful might, the two Central Continent Gu Immortals quickly retreated.


 One was Zhao Lian Yun, and the other was Shi Zheng Yi.


 Zhao Lian Yun was slightly pale, the enemy was a giant while she had limited battle experience, this no doubt created strong mental pressure on her.


 Shi Zheng Yi had rolled away on the ground, barely dodging the bull leg, he was clenching his teeth: “Damn it!”


 He turned around and stood up from the ground: “Take this!”


 “Lelelelelele!”


 Shi Zheng Yi opened his mouth, flicking his tongue like a fast mechanical spring. With every flick, a crimson sword light shot out from the tip of his tongue at an extremely fast rate.


 Zhao Lian Yun was speechless for a moment.


 Normal people could only curl up their tongue, some might not even be able to do that. It was the first time Zhao Lian Yun had seen someone’s tongue actually contracting and darting forward like a mechanical spring.


 The crimson sword light was extremely sharp, the twelfth snowy peak lord had transformed into a giant which had thick skin and a sturdy physique, but the crimson sword light opened up holes all over his body.


 “So painful!” The twelfth peak lord cried out in pain, and raised his arms to protect his head. For a moment, he could only defend and could not attack, all his momentum from before was suppressed.


 “So powerful.” Zhao Lian Yun praised.


 “Naturally, this is my vital Immortal Gu — sword tongue Gu.” Shi Zheng Yi flicked his tongue, sending out crimson sword light while also replying to Zhao Lian Yun. The strange thing was that his voice was clear even then.


 “Are you a sword path Gu Immortal?” Zhao Lian Yun asked.


 “Ah, no... I cultivate information path.” Shi Zheng Yi replied.


 “Speaking while still fighting, so you are so strong!” Zhao Lian Yun had a new level of respect towards Shi Zheng Yi, this person who had thick eyebrows, large eyes, and was somewhat lacking in brains.


 “Hehe, I have sworn to defeat all the evils and demons in the world!” Shi Zheng Yi looked quite pleased and smug.


 “Don’t be so happy!” The twelfth peak lord roared.


 Boom!


 An overwhelming aura suddenly erupted from his giant body.


 The majestic aura shot everywhere, creating a huge air wave.


 “Not good, it is an immortal killer move!”


 “Defend!!”


 Shi Zheng Yi and Zhao Lian Yun defended with all their might, but it was of no use. The air wave was extremely powerful, the two were like a pair of small toys, easily sent flying.


 With the twelfth peak lord at the center, the floor tiles of the hall started flying all around, turning the whole scene into chaos.


 Thump thump, Zhao Lian Yun and Shi Zheng Yi crashed into the walls, throwing out mouthfuls of blood. Their whole bodies were suffering from intense pain, their internal organs were bleeding and their bones were fractured.


 With one attack, the twelfth peak lord had completely turned around the slight disadvantage, and now had the upper hand.


 “This is a qi path killer move!”


 “How could it be so powerful?”


 Zhao Lian Yun and Shi Zheng Yi endured the pain and struggled to stand up. The two were sent flying and were quite far from each other right now.


 “How was it? Did you like my, Zhao Da Niu’s, immortal killer move, rising heaven bull qi?”


 “You are young and also powerful. Unfortunately, my battle strength is amplified in this formation, and it has risen to rank seven level, how can you possibly compete with me?”


 “Hahaha.” Zhao Da Niu laughed loudly, his laughter filled the hall like a huge wave.


 “Watch as I stomp you to death!” Suddenly, Zhao Da Niu stopped laughing, gazing malevolently at Shi Zheng Yi.


 He bent his waist and knees and suddenly jumped towards Shi Zheng Yi like a small hill.


 Rumble!


 A loud crashing sound echoed as Zhao Da Niu pressed Shi Zheng Yi to the ground.


 “Shi Zheng Yi!” Zhao Lian Yun cried out in shock. This was a horrifying sight, being crushed by the heavy Zhao Da Niu, would Shi Zheng Yi not be turned into meat paste?


 But the next moment, Zhao Da Niu’s back protruded up. Shi Zheng Yi stood up from below, lifting Zhao Da Niu up with his hands, and with a yell, he actually pushed Zhao Da Niu away.


 This was like a small rabbit pushing away a lion. This unimaginable scene caused Zhao Lian Yun to open her eyes wide.


 “What? My transformation has the weight of a desolate beast bull, you actually pushed me away?” Even Zhao Da Niu found it unbelievable.


 Shi Zheng Yi was coughing up blood, after pushing away Zhao Da Niu, he knelt down on the ground, extremely tired.


 “This, this is the power of justice!” Shi Zheng Yi spoke with difficulty.


 “Don’t speak, you are coughing up too much blood.” Zhao Lian Yun called out.


 “Bullshit justice!” Zhao Da Niu pulled himself together, and charged towards Shi Zheng Yi again.


 He was extremely huge, but right now, his speed was like the wind, not fitting with his body size at all.


 In the blink of an eye, Zhao Da Niu was right in front of Shi Zheng Yi.


 “Ahhh, look at the power of my justice!” Shi Zheng Yi shouted, and actually collided head on.


 Bam, a muffled sound echoed.


 Zhao Lian Yun felt pain in her body just from hearing the sound.


 Shi Zheng Yi was like a small ball that was thrown far away, coughing up large amounts of blood.


 Then, like a broken sack, he fell to the ground, his blood dying the path red.


 “I will kill you! Eh?” Zhao Da Niu was just about to rush forward and give a fatal blow to Shi Zheng Yi, but he had just stepped forward when he found his whole body was tied by a bright silver chain.


 At the other end of the chain was Zhao Lian Yun.


 She had already been preparing to activate her immortal killer move.


 Unfortunately, real battle was different from practice, especially this intense atmosphere which caused Zhao Lian Yun to fail twice in activating her killer move.


 But it was fortunate that Shi Zheng Yi had stalled for time, and Zhao Lian Yun finally succeeded on her third attempt.


 Immortal killer move — Life Locking Silver Chain!


 “Cough cough, thank you, this killer move is really beautiful.” Obtaining precious time for a breather, Shi Zheng Yi crawled up from the ground, coughing up blood in between his words.


 “Don’t speak, you are still coughing blood!” Zhao Lian Yun was worried for him.


 “Hehe, you don’t understand, I cultivate information path; by continuing to speak, I can heal my injuries. The louder I shout, the more powerful my attack becomes.” Shi Zheng Yi spoke of the reason.


 “Little girl, you are annoying!” Zhao Da Niu roared and exerted strength from both of his arms, trying to break the chains on him. But no matter how much strength he used, he was unable to break these chains.


 “Since it’s like this.” Zhao Da Niu gave a malevolent smile, activating the killer move rising heaven bull qi.


 Boom!


 An intense explosion shook the hall.


 The surging air wave erupted once again, and this time, it sent the ceiling of the hall flying.


 Clang clang!


 Crisp sounds echoed as the silver chain broke into countless pieces. Before these chain fragments touched the ground, they turned into specks of silver light and disappeared completely.


 Zhao Da Niu used his main killer move to destroy the life locking silver chain, and was free now.


 On the contrary, Zhao Lian Yun and Shi Zheng Yi were struck by the air wave again, both coughed out blood as they fell to the ground, unable to stand up.


 “Damn, damn it!” Shi Zheng Yi wanted to climb up, but his whole body was on the verge of breaking apart.


 As for Zhao Lian Yun, she had already fallen into a stupor.


 Her injuries were worse than Shi Zheng Yi’s.


 Because life locking silver chain was forcefully broken, Zhao Lian Yun had suffered backlash, adding on Zhao Da Niu’s immortal killer move, her injuries had worsened.


 She had rank nine love Immortal Gu, but from the start of the battle, she had not seen love Immortal Gu being activated.


 Love Immortal Gu could not be controlled, even if it showed its strength, it might not necessarily be the correct solution to the problem.


 Darkness.


 The stupefied Zhao Lian Yun felt she was floating amidst boundless darkness.


 “This is the feeling of death?”


 “So this is death?”


 “I must be the biggest failure of a transmigrator in history. I actually died at the hands of an irrelevant side character.”


 “Let me just go down like this, after I die, I won’t have to feel so exhausted and anguished anymore.”



***
Chapter 1256 - For The Sake of Love and Justice!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 As she was thinking of this, Zhao Lian Yun suddenly heard a sound coming from the darkness.


 This sound was calling out her name: “Zhao Lian Yun... Zhao Lian Yun...”


 “Who?”


 “Who is calling for me? I hear my name.”


 “Why do I feel that this voice is so familiar?”


 “Ah, I remember, isn’t this my voice before I lost it?”


 Zhao Lian Yun suddenly recalled a scene of the past.


 It was during the time of the Imperial Court contest, Zhao Lian Yun’s father had died and she was treated as a political chip for an arranged marriage. However, she went against this fate by relying on Ma Hong Yun. In just a short while, she had turned from a wealthy young miss to an orphan.


 One day, Ma Hong Yun brought her to a valley.


 “Look, I found a good place for you!” Ma Hong Yun looked pleased.


 Zhao Lian Yun gazed around, but when she discovered this was just a common small valley, her mouth uncontrollably twitched: “What is special about this? Isn’t it just a normal valley? There is not even nice scenery.”


 “What are you saying?” Ma Hong Yun’s eyes opened wide, “Valleys are very rare in Northern Plains. Here, let me teach you, shout at the valley with your name and the valley will reply to you. Like this!”


 Ma Hong Yun took a deep breath, then yelled to the valley: “Zhao——Lian——Yun!”


 An echo soon came from the valley: “Zhao——Lian——Yun!”


 Zhao Lian Yun helplessly rolled her eyes: “Foolish people are the happiest, what is strange about echoes, I truly haven’t seen anyone as dense as you!”


 “Hahaha.” Ma Hong Yun rubbed his hair: “Others have said I am an idiot, I am truly an idiot, how could I be as smart as Lady Xiao Yun.”


 “But, when I felt sad in my childhood, when I was teased by others and no one played with me, I used to run to the valley near my home, and shout at the valley.”


 “I call my name once, and the valley will reply back to me once, when I call again, the valley will reply again. It played with me, never abandoning or ignoring me. Unless my voice was not loud and clear enough.”


 “I saw you were not feeling happy recently, there is probably no one to play with you, right? I have to be beside the young clan leader and cannot accompany you all the time, so when you are unhappy, come to this valley and play with it.”


 Zhao Lian Yun did not speak, she looked at Ma Hong Yun who had an earnest expression, a feeling of pity rose in her heart.


 “This Ma Hong Yun is so silly, but he is not bad at heart.”


 “He must have lived a very sad life since a young age. Even now, when he works under young clan leader, he is scolded frequently. But I have never seen him cry in sorrow, he is always smiling the whole day.”


 “Forget it, let me play with you then.”


 Thinking of this, Zhao Lian Yun took a deep breath and called at the valley with her name.


 Ma Hong Yun was so happy he almost danced when he saw Zhao Lian Yun following his words: “That’s wrong, you should shout louder, be louder.”


 Zhao Lian Yun shouted once again.


 Ma Hong Yun shook his head: “You are still not loud enough, the valley can hear you only if you are loud. It is not responding to you now, because it is not able to listen to you.”


 Zhao Lian Yun took in a deep breath, and shouted with her loudest voice.


 Zhao Lian Yun!


 The valley replied — Zhao Lian Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun laughed heartily.


 Zhao Lian Yun also felt very refreshed, all her sadness seemed to have decreased and her mood also brightened.


 “Zhao Lian Yun.”


 “Zhao Lian Yun.”


 “Zhao Lian Yun!”


 In the darkness, the voice shouted constantly.


 Zhao Lian Yun, what are you doing? Don’t be lost.


 Zhao Lian Yun, you are not alone. Heaven and earth is with you, as long as you shout loudly, heaven and earth will hear you.


 Zhao Lian Yun, wake up. There is someone who is still waiting for you to rescue him.


 That person once stood beside you, accompanied you to watch the stars, accompanied you to call out to the valley...


 Go help him.


 Go help him!


 He must be feeling lonely now, or maybe even afraid.


 Shout loudly, send out your voice, let him know you are coming! Let him know he has to persevere, let him know he has hope!


 “Yes!”


 “I will save him!”


 “How can I fall here?”


 Zhao Lian Yun suddenly opened her eyes!


 She had woken up from her stupor.


 The moment she woke up, she found her whole body was burning with a pale blue light.


 This blue light was let out by love Immortal Gu!


 Zhao Lian Yun’s injuries rapidly recovered, and her condition was soaring.


 The blue light also shone towards the surroundings.


 Zhao Da Niu retreated step by step, his face filled with horror: “Ah, what is this light? It is heavier than a mountain! This aura, what Immortal Gu is this?!”


 Shi Zheng Yi was similarly bathed in the light.


 He suddenly stood up, feeling inexhaustible energy within him, his injuries had already disappeared, and his condition had reached an unprecedented peak.


 “Thank you, Zhao Lian Yun, leave this to me now!”


 “All you evildoers, I will strike you down. Take my...”


 “Fist—Of—Justice!”


 Shi Zheng Yi shouted loudly, the louder he shouted, the more powerful his immortal killer move became.


 A giant fist of light rose up from his body and struck towards Zhao Da Niu.


 Boom!


 Like the roar of thunder, Zhao Da Niu’s defensive methods were broken, a bloody hole appeared in his wide chest from which one could see the wall behind him.


 “I... I...” Zhao Da Niu’s eyes gradually lost their luster, before he fell down.


 Bam.


 His body collapsed on the ground, no longer moving.


 Several breaths of time later, his body, soul and immortal aperture turned into pure energy that was absorbed by the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


 “Haha, justice prevailed!” Shi Zheng Yi raised his fist and yelled.


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled from the side.


 Northern Plains, licorice regional wall.


 Dragon roars resounded throughout the surroundings: “Ying Wu Xie! Where do you think you are going?”


 It was Fang Yuan in sword dragon form, who had finally caught up to Ying Wu Xie and the group, under qi luck sensation’s guidance.


 Ying Wu Xie and the group immediately turned around and faced Fang Yuan, their expressions extremely solemn.


 Ying Wu Xie had said Fang Yuan would catch up to them, so the five immortals were already mentally prepared for it and not panicked.


 Right now, they were waiting for the start of this vicious battle!


 The sword dragon roared, opening its mouth wide, revealing fangs that were sharp like spears and very ferocious. Its eyes were ruthless and cold, emitting bone-chilling killing intent!


 Without saying any nonsense, Fang Yuan directly charged forward!


 To kill!


 “If you want to go against my lord, you must go through me first.” The loyal Shi Nu took a step forward, standing in front of the group, and raised his right hand.


 A tall and thick rock wall immediately rose up and formed an obstacle!


 Boom boom boom.


 At the next moment, the rock wall was pierced through repeatedly.


 Fang Yuan had used his dragon breath, the extremely sharp rays of dragon breath shot forward and gathered into a rain of sword light that pierced through the rock wall, moving towards the five immortals.


 Hei Lou Lan gave a cry, breathing out small fire birds from her mouth.


 These small birds could act on their own, they moved towards Fang Yuan’s dragon breath. The fire birds collided into the dragon breath, turning into balls of flames that dissipated in the air.


 “Angry bird?” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 This was clearly a fire path method, he had not expected Hei Lou Lan to use it.


 The external appearance of these fire birds made Fang Yuan think of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Back then during the battle in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, along with Shark Demon, Su Bai Man as well as the one finger flow shark, were unable to beat Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ immortal killer move, angry bird, had left an extremely deep impression on Fang Yuan.


 But the fire birds Hei Lou Lan used were different from the true angry bird.


 After Hei Lou Lan’s strength path Immortal Gu were sent to Fang Yuan, she suffered from a lack of strength path Immortal Gu to support her battle strength, in Eastern Sea, she then chose to cultivate fire path, which was not complemented by the strength path dao marks in her body.


 She possessed a fire path inheritance.


 When Blazing Heaven Demoness met Hei Lou Lan, she secretly handed her fire path inheritance to Hei Lou Lan.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness felt extreme guilt towards Hei Lou Lan, and thought of every way to compensate her.


 Hei Lou Lan received the fire path inheritance and had not cared about it originally, feeling she would not use it in her whole life. But who could expect the way events unfolded, under strange coincidences, she chose to focus on fire path.


 Naturally, she did not have even a trace of fire path dao marks in her.


 But she possessed all the Immortal Gu of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 This matter would have to be traced back to before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 To refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul had no choice but to sacrifice the whole of Zombie Alliance, using the countless immortal zombies as immortal materials to further the progress of refinement.


 Zombie Alliance was underneath Shadow Sect from its establishment, and was controlled by Shadow Sect. It was just that many immortal zombies did not know of this fact despite joining Zombie Alliance.


 Zombie Alliance had gone all-out in establishing super Gu formations to protect immortal zombie corpses. But in truth, this was a perfect excuse and a way to keep them in captivity.


 Using this chance, Shadow Sect assassinated all the immortal zombies, it did not matter if the dead apertures of the immortal zombies existed or not, but the Immortal Gu in them were all safely stored.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s Immortal Gu were all still hidden in Dark Flow Giant City.


 Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan were far away in Eastern Sea, but there was still Sixth Hair in Northern Plains.


 Dark Flow Giant City was hidden in the depths of Earth Trench, Sixth Hair quietly sneaked in and used his methods to take away all the Immortal Gu of Blazing Heaven Demoness, sending them to Ying Wu Xie.


 After Ying Wu Xie refined them, he gave them to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan already had Blazing Heaven Demoness’ true inheritance, and with the Immortal Gu as well, she could almost replicate all the methods of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fang Yuan did not know of this before, but now that he saw these fire birds, he immediately had a pensive look.


 The sword light dragon breath continued to be breathed out, Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly acted and added the protection of cloud rings around the other Gu Immortals.



***
Chapter 1257 - Ruthless Sword Dragon


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng mainly cultivated time path, but Man as Before and Landscape as Before were traded to Fang Yuan, so he chose to cultivate cloud path. He already had a foundation in cloud path, and with Shadow Sect not lacking on cloud path true inheritances, the defensive method he used right now was quite good.


 However, after Tai Bai Yun Sheng placed a cloud ring around his allies, his expression turned pale.


 When Gu Immortals use their immortal killer moves inside the regional walls, their immortal killer moves would tremor.


 Using the immortal killer move five times caused Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture to tremor five times, inflicting huge losses.


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly, his dragon body moved in a zigzag fashion, and lightly flew to the sky.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest looked sombre.


 In this regional wall, every movement of theirs was performed with difficulty, having to constantly resist the formless repulsion and attraction forces.


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan could move easily and freely.


 Fang Yuan flew high above, immediately gaining control of the situation. He looked down from above and moved around, breathing out dragon breath constantly, sword light fell down towards the heads of the five immortals like rain.


 “Defend, don’t split up, we can’t fight him alone!” Ying Wu Xie shouted loudly, reminding everyone.


 Seeing the sword light falling towards them, Ying Wu Xie suddenly roared, letting out an incomparably sharp screech.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Howl!


 Soul Howl’s power completely covered the sky, but did not affect the surrounding Gu Immortals in the slightest, showing Ying Wu Xie’s outstanding control.


 Fang Yuan’s offenses were immediately suppressed. The sword light dragon breath clearly stopped for a moment, before quickly recovering.


 “Since I am going against Shadow Sect, how could I not have prepared against soul path attacks?” Fang Yuan sneered inwardly.


 He was already mentally prepared.


 However, he did not have a method to protect his soul against soul path Immortal Gu, so he was hit by the attack and affected.


 But his soul’s foundation was extremely robust. He was completely able to endure the attack of soul howl. It would not matter even if his soul was injured because he had guts Gu!


 “Damn it.” Ying Wu Xie cursed while blocking the sword light dragon breath.


 He knew Fang Yuan had guts Gu.


 Guts Gu was only a mortal Gu, but it came from Dang Hun Mountain, and was beyond ordinary.


 A secluded domain of heaven and earth like Dang Hun Mountain had an enormous amount of dao marks, the total surpassed even rank nine Immortal Gu. However, secluded domains of heaven and earth had scattered dao marks, though they could be of the same type and closely linked together. While rank nine Immortal Gu were fragments of the Great Dao, they could be controlled by a Gu Immortal to bring out mysterious powers.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu and secluded domains of heaven and earth could not truly be compared and evaluated.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh.


 Sword light fell down like rain, the five immortals were stifled.


 There were traces of sword cuts everywhere on the ground.


 The five immortals naturally did not like being suppressed like this.


 The best way to deal with such a focused attack was to separate and dodge. But if they did that, Fang Yuan would have the chance to attack them separately!


 But the five immortals would not take being beaten down passively, Shi Nu had finally finished his preparations as he activated an immortal killer move.


 Rumble!


 Muffled sounds echoed continuously, earth shook, a large hand made completely from soil and rocks rose up from the ground.


 The large hand spread open and slowly hovered above the five immortals’ heads, protecting Ying Wu Xie and the others under its palm. The thick back of the hand took on the sharp dragon breath.


 Despite the large earth path hand being badly mauled and showing signs of being destroyed, Hei Lou Lan had finished preparing her killer move using this chance.


 She stretched out her right arm, her five fingers together with no gaps between them, as she thrusted at the sky.


 Boom!


 A burning crimson ray of light erupted from between her fingers, and with breakneck speed, it pierced through the whole large hand and rushed towards Fang Yuan.


 This immortal killer move was astonishingly fast, and it was concealed by the large earth path hand, if Fang Yuan was even the slightest bit inattentive, he would definitely be struck.


 However, this ray of fire did not hit Fang Yuan and was easily avoided by him lightly moving his dragon body.


 “It actually did not hit!” Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank.


 Three breaths future vision.


 Hei Lou Lan did not know that Fang Yuan had such a time path investigative killer move.


 “Strange, Hei Lou Lan is a strength path Gu Immortal and is using fire path methods, but she is actually not impeded by the conflict of dao marks. It should be from Shadow Sect’s methods. After all, sovereign immortal fetus Gu was designed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.” Hei Lou Lan’s efforts were in vain, and instead gave away some of her details.


 Soon, the large earth path hand collapsed, and the sword light dragon breath continued to rain down.


 However, the five immortals were no longer as hurried before, each used their immortal killer moves to defend against the sword light rain.


 “Then how about this move? Let me see how you deal with it.” Fang Yuan firmly held the initiative, easily using another immortal killer move.


 Time path — Year Beast Summoning.


 Roar!


 A tiger shaped year beast answered the summoning and appeared in the regional wall, helping Fang Yuan battle.


 Fang Yuan threw large amounts of mortal year Gu, raising the morale of the tiger year beast as it charged towards Ying Wu Xie and the group.


 Shi Nu felt bitter, the sword light dragon breath was already difficult to cope with, now there was an ancient year beast worsening the situation.


 This year beast could similarly move freely in the regional wall.


 The reason was similar to the cloud beasts, the cloud beasts were life forms of white heaven and were not native to the five regions, thus they were not restricted by the regional walls.


 While the year beasts which lived in the River of Time were similar.


 “Allow me.” Ying Wu Xie stepped forward, and used an extremely similar method.


 Soul path — Soul Beast Summoning!


 In the past, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had created soul path, thus Shadow Sect was most proficient in soul path. Hei Fan could think of summoning year beasts, how could Shadow Sect not have similar methods?


 Ying Wu Xie’s method was extraordinary, summoning three ancient soul beasts at once.


 “My soul beasts are not influenced by the regional wall, because they come from the door of life and death!”


 Ying Wu Xie’s complacency did not last long because he saw that Fang Yuan had already rushed forward.


 The sword dragon snaked around, flying extremely fast.


 It grabbed forward with its dragon claws, directly destroying a soul beast’s head.


 Its tail whipped, severing the thigh of another soul beast.


 It breathed out, dragon breath pierced through the third ancient soul beast.


 Fang Yuan’s sword dragon transformation had outstanding battle strength, the main thing was that Fang Yuan also had Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s immortal killer move on him — Ghostly Concealment.


 This made any soul beast unable to sense his existence.


 Thus, with Fang Yuan’s battle strength surpassing the ancient soul beasts, and the soul beasts unable to sense him, Fang Yuan had huge superiority when fighting the soul beasts!


 These soul beasts could not even react before they were severely injured by Fang Yuan.


 Fortunately, soul beasts did not have a clear weak point on them, otherwise they would have been completely destroyed by Fang Yuan.


 But even so, the soul beasts had clearly thinned, becoming increasingly transparent.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was unsightly, but he simply watched as Fang Yuan destroyed the three ancient soul beasts without making a move.


 Ying Wu Xie inwardly thought: “It doesn’t matter, even if you kill these three ancient soul beasts, so what? I can use the killer move again and summon another three ancient soul beasts. What is found everywhere in the door of life and death? Souls and soul beasts!”


 But at this time, Fang Yuan suddenly gave up on attacking the ancient soul beasts and activated Sword Escape.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan’s speed suddenly erupted, leaving behind an afterimage in his original spot.


 Fast! Fast! Fast!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not react at all and was struck by Fang Yuan’s claws.


 The cloud ring protecting him directly collapsed, his stomach was torn open and his large intestine spilled out.


 “He did not die?” Fang Yuan was surprised.


 He had wanted to use dragon breath, after all, the dragon breath was the most powerful weapon of his sword dragon transformation, but at the crucial moment, a layer of ice had sealed his mouth out of nowhere.


 Fang Yuan could not open his mouth, thus he chose to use his claws.


 But his speed was too fast and rushed, Fang Yuan could not use his full strength, as a result, most of the strength of his claws was offset by Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s cloud ring, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng thus was barely able to survive.


 “It is Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan exerted strength, forcibly opening his dragon mouth, breaking the ice on it.


 Fang Yuan looked back, his speed was too fast and right now, he was already a few li away from the five immortals.


 Bai Ning Bing was guarding in front of the four immortals, her icy-blue eyes emitted cold light as she stared at Fang Yuan with no fear.


 “Quick, quick!” Hei Lou Lan grabbed Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s leg and dragged him to the rear.


 Then, she sat down and used healing methods, but unfortunately, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s injuries were severe, and for the moment showed no signs of healing.


 Once a Gu Immortal was injured, it was difficult to heal.


 Because of the conflict between dao marks!


 Once Fang Yuan’s ancient sword dragon transformation injured someone, it would leave behind large amounts of sword path dao marks. This was very hard to endure for Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s fragile human body.


 “Oh, if I had Man as Before, it would not be so troublesome.” Saying this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng fainted, his life hanging by a thread.


 This was after Hei Lou Lan used all her healing methods.


 “Damned Fang Yuan, his true target was Tai Bai Yun Sheng!” Ying Wu Xie’s expression was ashen.


 He could see Fang Yuan’s thought process.


 Fang Yuan was entangled against the soul beasts on the surface, but ever since the battle began, he had been searching for an opportunity. He had probably marked Tai Bai Yun Sheng as his target since the beginning.


 After all, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the weakest among the five immortals.


 Always pick out the weakest enemy first!


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng cannot be counted on now!” Ying Wu Xie’s expression was heavy. How long had it been since they battled? There was already a casualty on his side, how should they deal with such a strong Fang Yuan?


 “Huh?”


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was surprised, feeling something wrong.


 He stretched out his dragon body, but astonishingly discovered that his dragon scales were covered by a layer of thin ice, who knows when it formed.


 “Bai Ning Bing’s gaze is strange!” Fang Yuan immediately reacted.


 “If we want to force back Fang Yuan, we need to first restrict his speed.” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flickered with cold light. She had clear judgment of the whole situation!



***
Chapter 1258 - Fang Yuan versus Five (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Despite becoming an immortal just recently, Bai Ning Bing had some advantages over normal Gu Immortals.


 First of all, she possessed one of the ten extreme physiques, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, which was the best for cultivating ice and snow path. Similarly to Hei Lou Lan’s Great Strength True Martial Physique, her dao marks surpassed most rank six Gu Immortals in the same condition.


 Secondly, she had become the owner of Bai Xiang grotto-heaven. She obtained Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, and had all the Gu worms left behind by Bai Xiang, among which were rank seven Immortal Gu as well!


 However, there were no rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Bai Xiang’s status in history was slightly inferior to Hei Fan. But the joint forces of the five Xiangs surpassed Hei Fan by a lot.


 Bai Ning Bing’s flaw was that she was not familiar with the Immortal Gu and the immortal killer moves, she often failed when activating them, which caused danger of backlash.


 Nurture, use, and refinement, using Gu was one of the three important aspects of Gu Master cultivation.


 To get familiar with her gains, Bai Ning Bing had to spend a long period of time in practising them.


 As such, she was a long way away from being able to use them freely in real battle.


 But...


 At this time, Bai Ning Bing’s flaw was effectively concealed.


 Because she had Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Shi Nu beside her.


 Because of their protection, Bai Ning Bing had the time to use her immortal killer move unhurriedly.


 Fang Yuan’s information regarding Bai Ning Bing was lacking.


 On one hand, he thought Bai Ning Bing was like Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, whose battle strength rose after receiving benefits from Shadow Sect.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan had used qi luck sensation many times before and had sensed Bai Ning Bing, but he could not know matters concerned with Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and so on.


 Fang Yuan had thus greatly underestimated Bai Ning Bing’s true battle strength.


 If he knew of the truth, he might not have chosen Tai Bai Yun Sheng as the first target, and marked Bai Ning Bing instead.


 But Fang Yuan had always lacked information path methods, so how could he know about Bai Xiang grotto-heaven?


 Fang Yuan had been reborn, but he was not all-knowing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze could actually freeze any targets in her sight, slowing down their mobility. This was Bai Xiang’s method.


 After Fang Yuan realized the strangeness, he immediately took measures, flying back and concealing his traces.


 Visibility was very poor in the licorice regional wall, after Fang Yuan flew back, he immediately disappeared from Bai Ning Bing’s sight.


 Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, Fang Yuan was an old fox, seeing through the limits of her move in just a short while.


 “Even with such a trump card, he doesn’t force himself to take risks. Unfortunately, we have especially formulated a battle tactic for this.” Bai Ning Bing felt regret.


 The move Fang Yuan used to break the super Gu formation in Eastern Sea was so powerful that it gave chills to Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 On the way, they had discussed about defensive measures against this method of Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan did not use that move the whole time, making the prior preparations of Ying Wu Xie and the rest useless.


 “Unfortunately, I have only just obtained Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, this killer move has its limits, but other killer moves can be used together with it to make up for this limit.”


 Bai Ning Bing had barely been able to activate this killer move. If she tried to activate another immortal killer move on top of this, she was almost certain to fail.


 Bai Ning Bing was not Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan could do many tasks at once and use multiple immortal killer moves at the same time, but Bai Ning Bing had very low attainment in this aspect.


 Fang Yuan had retreated and hidden himself, but he still held the initiative and upper hand.


 Under this situation, Bai Ning Bing could not take the risk.


 Once she failed, their arrangement would be in disorder, creating a weakness which Fang Yuan could exploit.


 Bai Ning Bing understood Fang Yuan very well, he absolutely would not give up such an exposed weakness. Even Bai Ning Bing was in deep admiration of Fang Yuan’s ability to grasp opportunities in a fight.


 “Fang Yuan’s scales have been frozen by my gaze, once he recovers, with his speed, it will be difficult for me to lock onto him with my sight!” Bai Ning Bing pondered.


 Fang Yuan’s burst of speed in ancient sword dragon form was astonishing by itself, adding on Sword Escape and his sword path dao marks, even the rank seven expert Ye Lui Qun Xing had died at his hands.


 Bai Ning Bing knew she had been able to use her freezing sight earlier because Fang Yuan was unprepared.


 Now that Fang Yuan was on guard, when he used that astonishing speed again, this immortal killer move’s effectiveness would decrease drastically.


 “It seems I can only change my tactics!” Bai Ning Bing immediately decided.


 She had no choice but to change.


 Previously, when Fang Yuan showed his speed, he had almost killed Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 If Bai Ning Bing did not change her tactics and continued to use freezing sight, the one to die might be her!


 The situation was perilous, Bai Ning Bing retreated behind Shi Nu while saying to Ying Wu Xie: “Protect me, I am going to use that move!”


 Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie had formed a new alliance, and with a formidable enemy in front of them, both sides had informed each other of some of their trump cards.


 Thus, Ying Wu Xie understood without needing Bai Ning Bing to explain.


 He nodded solemnly: “Okay, use that move, let us take care of your safety!”


 He immediately commanded Shi Nu: “Even if you have to sacrifice yourself, you need to protect Bai Ning Bing.”


 Shi Nu was loyal to Ying Wu Xie, he immediately nodded at this command with no hesitation.


 “Relax, he has been hit by my freezing sight, according to the flaw you mentioned of the sovereign immortal body, if he does not have a specific method to counter it, he will need about a dozen breaths of time to recover completely.” Bai Ning Bing spoke with confidence.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded: “That’s good, then.”


 He did not doubt Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Xiang’s methods had their own originality. It was not easy to specifically target an immortal killer move. Often, one had to fight numerous times, getting familiar with the immortal killer move, and go through a long period of deduction to create a method that countered the immortal killer move. There was a low probability of Fang Yuan having a method to counter it.


 But right at this time, in the sights of the five immortals, a white ray of light flashed by.


 “Careful!”


 “It is the dragon breath!!”


 “Defend, protect Bai Ning Bing and Tai Bai Yun Sheng!”


 Rays of sword light dragon breath attacked, recreating the previous sword light rain, for a moment, Ying Wu Xie and the group had their hands tied dealing with them.


 Bai Ning Bing was using all her concentration in activating her immortal killer move, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng was unconscious from the severe injuries.


 As such, for the remaining three other immortals, the pressure on them had amplified suddenly, and they did not even have enough strength to strike back.


 Fang Yuan circled around Ying Wu Xie and the rest from afar, breathing out dragon breath, rays of sword light dragon breath shot from all directions towards Ying Wu Xie and the others.


 His sword dragon body was still covered in thin ice.


 Bai Ning Bing’s freezing sight was quite effective. Naturally, the main reason was Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body.


 Despite transforming into an ancient sword dragon, his dao marks still did not have repulsion to different dao marks.


 This created a disadvantage.


 Like when Bai Ning Bing’s freezing sight affected Fang Yuan, it would not be weakened by Fang Yuan’s dao marks, and could strike with all its might.


 Fortunately, the ancient sword dragon had a tough body and strong vitality, otherwise a human body might have been directly frozen to death.


 Fang Yuan was breathing dragon breath, suppressing Ying Wu Xie and the rest, while quickly recovering.


 He was influenced by the freezing sight, but healing was also rather easy.


 Because his dao marks did not have repulsion, even using mortal methods repeatedly could display effect.


 It was not like Tai Bai Yun Sheng, whom, after being injured, could not be healed easily.


 Fang Yuan continuously breathed out dragon breath, probing and suppressing Ying Wu Xie and the others.


 He quickly discovered: Bai Ning Bing was being heavily protected by Ying Wu Xie and the others. Unless he made his way in through brute force, he had no other routes to get to Bai Ning Bing.


 “Activating an immortal killer move, huh...” Fang Yuan thought heavily. Since she was being so greatly protected by Ying Wu Xie and the others, Bai Ning Bing was definitely preparing an extraordinary immortal killer move.


 Thus, as soon as he recovered, he directly dived in.


 He was not restricted in the licorice regional wall and could move freely, when he burst with his speed, even Fang Yuan himself was not able to have complete control!


 It was simply like a white ray of light!


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest did not even have time to call out when Fang Yuan penetrated through their defensive lineup and charged in.


 Bai Ning Bing broke out in cold sweat, almost failing her killer move’s activation.


 Hei Lou Lan was heavily injured!


 Her left arm was completely gone and even her left torso was injured, the injuries were so frightening that one could see her ribs.


 Blood spurted out like a fountain and soon accumulated into a pool below Hei Lou Lan!


 The injury was covered with dao marks, causing the blood to flow unceasingly!


 If this continued, Hei Lou Lan would be the first person to die.


 Under this critical situation, Hei Lou Lan immediately chose to transform into an immortal zombie.


 Immortal zombies could bear this level of injury. The warm and bright red blood immediately turned into cold and gloomy green blood, blood was still flowing outside, but the speed had reduced by countless times.


 “Hehehe...” Hei Lou Lan knelt on one leg, taking huge gasps of breath, but her lips were curled up.


 She was actually laughing!


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan got a peculiar feeling: “Hmm? I was actually hit! Not bad from Hei Lou Lan!”


 The dragon claw he used to rip apart Hei Lou Lan’s left arm still had traces of flesh and blood.


 Right now, this flesh and blood slowly turned into a blood colored fire, which followed Fang Yuan’s dragon claw to his scales.


 Immortal killer move — Flesh Blood Fire!


 This fire used flesh and blood as the fuel. As long as there was flesh and blood, the fire wouldn’t stop. Without any methods to counter it, it simply would not be extinguished.


 Moreover, the stronger the flesh and blood were, the brighter and more powerful the fire would become!


 Fang Yuan’s ancient sword dragon transformation had instead become the perfect target for flesh blood fire.


 However, Fang Yuan reacted extremely quickly.


 He immediately dispelled his transformation killer move, and returned to his human form.


 The, he activated a time path healing Immortal Gu —


 Man as Before!



***
Chapter 1259 - Fang Yuan versus Five (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Over twenty beads of red date immortal essence were expended.


 The next moment, the blood colored fire completely disappeared and Fang Yuan went back to his previous state.


 “Sigh!”


 “Man as Before is effective only on human bodies, when I transform to other living beings, I cannot directly use Man as Before. This is quite inconvenient.”


 “Moreover, Man as Before has quite a big restriction in terms of time, fortunately I have my investigative killer move, three breaths future vision!”


 Fang Yuan inwardly sighed, as he activated another immortal killer move.


 Convergence of enslavement and strength path — Myriad Self!


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh.


 Tens of thousands of Fang Yuans converged to create a vast human tide that charged towards Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 “How can this be? He actually recovered so quickly? He has already gotten rid of blood flesh fire?” Hei Lou Lan was extremely surprised.


 Fang Yuan’s counterattack was too quick, and it still carried strong momentum, making Hei Lou Lan’s heart sink to rock bottom.


 Hei Lou Lan knew Fang Yuan had Man as Before.


 But Man as Before had rather stringent requirements regarding time. Even Fang Yuan would only survive by a hair’s breadth. After he was struck, he would have to first discover his state, then dispel his transformation killer move, during this time, he might hesitate before he finally used Man as Before. Activating this Immortal Gu, furthermore, required some time.


 Under such a situation, Hei Lou Lan thought if it was herself instead of Fang Yuan, it would also be very difficult to get rid of this blood flesh fire.


 Fang Yuan was not clear of Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing’s methods, likewise, Hei Lou Lan similarly did not know that Fang Yuan had three breaths future vision.


 This investigative killer move could let Fang Yuan see anything wrong that would happen to him three breaths earlier. Because of this, Fang Yuan had much more time to react and take action accordingly.


 In short, Hei Lou Lan was heavily injured but only managed to slightly affect Fang Yuan.


 Red date immortal essence was consumed, but Fang Yuan was rich and his financial condition was rather good, thus, he did not care about this small expenditure.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Howl!


 Ying Wu Xie howled, countless phantoms of Fang Yuan around him burst at once.


 Immortal killer move — Spike Forest.


 Shi Nu stamped his right leg, countless spikes rose up from the ground, piercing through thousands of Fang Yuan’s phantoms.


 Then, Shi Nu called out, the earth spikes shot to the air, instantly clearing large amounts of phantoms in the air.


 This move hid a second stage within, and was extremely effective, almost completely destroying all of Fang Yuan’s phantoms.


 Earth path rank seven Gu Immortal Shi Nu, he was the cornerstone in this battle, without his protection and contribution, how could Ying Wu Xie and the rest last until this moment?


 “Your turn next.” Fang Yuan transformed back into a sword dragon, laughing sinisterly inwardly.


 Roar!


 At this moment, the tiger year beast beside him roared and suddenly retreated.


 This ancient year beast had been summoned by Fang Yuan, although it had been fighting all along, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were on guard against it, thus it was not able to assist a lot and instead suffered many injuries.


 The tiger year beast was not loyal to Fang Yuan, this could not compare to Ying Wu Xie’s soul beast summoning.


 Once the year beast suffered severe injuries, it immediately retreated, penetrating space and returning to the River of Time.


 But it did not matter.


 Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning!


 Fang Yuan activated this killer move again, this time he summoned a sheep shaped ancient year beast.


 Although year beast summoning could only summon one year beast each time, there were many year beasts in the River of Time, if one left, he just had to summon another.


 The sheep ancient year beast stampeded towards Ying Wu Xie and the others, Shi Nu gave a deep roar, his body suddenly bulged, turning into a giant that was as big as the year beast; he stood stably and countered it, using his profound fighting techniques to throw the year beast to the ground.


 Boom.


 The sheep ancient year beast fell to the ground, causing the ground to tremor for a while.


 The year beast quickly stood up, and furiously charged towards Shi Nu with its horns.


 Shi Nu sidestepped smoothly while grabbing the curved sheep horns at the same time.


 The two giant beings tangled together, at a deadlock for the time being.


 On Fang Yuan’s end, the amount of dragon breath he used was reducing.


 He was starting to feel a burning pain in his throat, as if his throat was about to emit smoke!


 Dragon breath was the ancient sword dragon’s strongest weapon. Even a true ancient sword dragon would not be able to continue using dragon breath more than twenty to thirty times.


 However, Fang Yuan had already used his dragon breath over a hundred times, reaching the limits of his physical body.


 If he continued breathing out, his throat would be damaged, and the sword light dragon breath’s power would reduce by a huge extent.


 The battle had lasted up until now, the tiger year beast had retreated from severe injuries, and now Fang Yuan was showing some signs of fatigue.


 Although he had become a rank seven Gu Immortal, with red date immortal essence, his battle strength rising sharply and reaching the upper level among rank sevens, the enemies he faced were also not minor characters.


 Hei Lou Lan was a formidable person with the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she had annexed a strength path blessed land in Jade Pot Mountain, her dao marks increasing by a lot. At the same time, she also had Blazing Heaven Demoness’ true inheritance along with her Immortal Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, and had changed into the mysterious dragonman, grasping Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and obtaining Bai Xiang’s true inheritance.


 There was no need to say anything about Ying Wu Xie, he was one of the main split souls of Spectral Soul. He once had the eleventh extreme physique, he was the final hope of Shadow Sect, with astonishing attainment in soul path, and although his attainment in other paths was unclear, they should not be low. At least, it was the case for luck path.


 Shi Nu was a rockman, this race innately had rich earth path dao marks, and with Shi Nu cultivating earth path mainly, it could be they complemented one another well.


 The most useless was Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but even so, this old guy was becoming sharper as he grew older, he mainly cultivated time path, but perfectly dual-cultivated cloud path as well, and with the Immortal Gu on him, his cloud ring’s defensive ability was quite remarkable.


 Although the majority of these five was rank six, they were similar to Fang Yuan when he was rank six, with battle strength that reached rank seven level.


 And right now, these elites with outstanding disposition had allied and were working together, adding on the constant support of Shadow Sect’s remaining resources and methods emerging one after another, they were stronger than a lone Ye Lui Qun Xing and were even more difficult to handle.


 When Gu Immortals battled, they could not rush things.


 Because there were many types of Immortal Gu, immortal killer moves were endless in number, some were extremely mystical, some were powerful and unconstrained, some were tyrannical, and some were sinister and strange.


 Fang Yuan was fighting alone against five, and was firmly holding an advantage, while Ying Wu Xie and the others were exhausted by just dealing with his attacks, and were unable to turn the situation around.


 “Damn it, he has not used that move even now!” Ying Wu Xie thought as green immortal zombie blood flowed down from his nose.


 Ying Wu Xie wiped the blood using the back of his hand, but the green blood flowed down again.


 “Damn it!”


 “I have been using immortal killer moves repeatedly, and have been bearing so much backlash that even this immortal zombie body is showing signs of reaching its limits.”


 “Even I am like this, the others must be in even worse circumstances.”


 Ying Wu Xie gazed at his allies, and saw they were all pale and their states were worsening.


 Fang Yuan was unrestricted here, but they were not. They not only had to steady themselves constantly, resisting the repulsion and attraction force in the regional wall, they also had to fight Fang Yuan at the same time, using many immortal killer moves which caused heavy losses to their immortal apertures!


 “My side has Shadow Sect’s remaining resources, it is normal for our battle strength to rise rapidly.”


 “But, Fang Yuan’s battle strength also rose so quickly!”


 “This speed is too astonishing. Even us five allied together are not his match.”


 The more Ying Wu Xie thought, the more apprehensive he felt towards Fang Yuan. And in the depths of this apprehension was a trace of fear!


 Right, it was fear.


 Ying Wu Xie was beginning to feel afraid.


 He could not help but admit Fang Yuan was strong, he was even more afraid of Fang Yuan’s growth speed!


 “Bai Xiang, activate.”


 Bai Ning Bing who had been preparing the killer move all along, suddenly gave a cry, a soaring aura rose up from her body.


 Ying Wu Xie was immediately filled with joy as he looked at Bai Ning Bing: “You finally succeeded!”


 Bai Ning Bing’s appearance had a great change right now.


 In the blink of an eye, she had transformed into a five meter giant.


 She had three heads, six arms and bare feet, her body was covered in ice armor and frost aura flowed around her, like a long ribbon was revolving around her. She stood on two frost clouds that emitted light hints of blue.


 Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


 “Fang Yuan, come fight me!” Bai Ning Bing gave a shout, and suddenly sped up like a white light passing through the air. She had changed her defensive stance, taking the initiative to attack.


 “Let our old and new enmity be resolved today.” Fang Yuan’s dragon eyes narrowed, and without dodging, he charged head-on.


 A silver light and a white light passed by each other.


 The inertia from their speed was too powerful, whether it be Bai Ning Bing or Fang Yuan, they each flew far away.


 “A light injury.” Fang Yuan slightly looked down and saw a long but shallow sword mark on his body, the dragon scales along the sword mark were all cut, some even broke through the dragon skin, letting out some blood.


 By contrast, Bai Ning Bing was much more miserable.


 There was a hole in her chest, three of her arms were destroyed, and almost half of her body was gone.


 But she did not bleed, cold air flowed on massively, restoring her back to normal in a blink of an eye.


 “Bai Xiang. This immortal killer move is rumored to be undying. Even if there is only a nail sized fragment remaining, the user can immediately revive and recover back to normal. Because after the Bai Xiang transformation, the body is no longer a flesh and blood body, instead it becomes a certain mystical life form!” Ying Wu Xie was inwardly excited.


 Sure enough, as the battle went on, Bai Ning Bing’s performance was like Ying Wu Xie estimated.


 She was not Fang Yuan’s match. But relying on the Bai Xiang transformation’s special characteristics, she could immediately recover back to normal.


 Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was absorbed in fighting with Bai Ning Bing.


 As the battle continued, even Fang Yuan felt exhausted, after all, his was a flesh and blood body, while Bai Ning Bing was still energetic and lively.


 Just as Fang Yuan intended to give up on Bai Ning Bing and target Ying Wu Xie and the rest...


 “It is time!” Ying Wu Xie suddenly cried out, auras of countless Gu worms rose from his body...


 He looked at Fang Yuan and spoke—


 Lead soul into dream!



***
Chapter 1260 - Lead Soul Into Dream


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan got a shock when he heard Ying Wu Xie say “lead soul into dream”.


 Lead soul into dream was a rare and powerful dream path immortal killer move. In the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream had made even Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord fall asleep, trapped within a dream realm.


 Fang Yuan was also struck by this move in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, if not for heaven’s will working secretly, he would have surely died.


 In this current time period, dream path Immortal Gu were extremely rare, let alone dream path killer moves.


 One skill to dominate all, facing lead soul into dream, Gu Immortals were basically defenseless.


 Fang Yuan was not an exception.


 He had unravel dream, but he also had the sovereign immortal body. Facing lead soul into dream, even if he spent only an instant in the dream realm, it was very likely there could be various changes during that instant, and he might even die.


 Fang Yuan immediately soared up, retreating without hesitation.


 While retreating, he had doubts in his mind.


 Back then, Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream was very powerful because of many Immortal Gu as well as the amplification from the eleventh extreme physique.


 Right now, could Ying Wu Xie have those Immortal Gu to form lead soul into dream?


 Fang Yuan did not know the exact details, but he was aware that Ying Wu Xie’s strength path immortal zombie body absolutely lowered the power of this move by several levels.


 Fang Yuan quickly got a long distance away from Ying Wu Xie and the rest, but still did not see himself falling into a dream realm.


 “Was Ying Wu Xie only trying to trick me?”


 Fang Yuan just had this thought, when the scenery in front of him changed.


 Southern Border, in his first life.


 Qing Mao Mountain was already destroyed from Bai Ning Bing’s self-detonation. Fang Yuan threw himself in with a merchant caravan, earning primeval stones while continuing his cultivation.


 The merchant caravan had reached a certain valley, when suddenly, two groups of bandits rushed from in front and behind.


 “Kill!”


 “Protect the goods!!”


 The caravan was in a great uproar. In an instant, yells resounded throughout the valley, one side was the demonic path bandits, while the other was the caravan escorting the goods.


 The young Fang Yuan was mixed in the merchant caravan, clenching his teeth, panicking at the sudden ambush.


 ...


 “This is a dream realm. I am trapped in a dream realm!”


 The confusion from just entering the dream realm disappeared quickly, and Fang Yuan immediately prepared to activate unravel dream.


 However, right at this time, he inexplicably exited the dream realm and returned to reality, his ancient dragon body still in the regional wall.


 “What’s going on?” Fang Yuan just had this question, when his vision changed once again.


 He found he had once again entered a dream realm.


 This dream was a continuation of the previous dream.


 In the valley, the righteous and demonic sides were fighting a bitter battle.


 “Strange, there should not be any bandit hideouts here.” The young master of the merchant caravan was looking down from his carriage in the center, puzzled.


 The steward beside him was maintaining defense while replying: “Right, this trade route is an old route, who knows where these mountain bandits came from.”


 The young master snorted: “The strongest demonic path Gu Masters among them are only rank two, our defense is rock solid, we don’t need to fear them.”


 “Young master is right. We will make sure these bandits remain here forever.” The steward gave a malicious smile.


 Right at this time, a rumbling noise came from above them.


 The young master, the steward and others quickly looked above.


 The sight immediately caused a great fright.


 Countless boulders were rolling down from above the valley. The caravan was right at the base of a cliff, and these giant boulders were falling down right towards them, the power was not inferior to a rank two Gu Master’s attack.


 Countless figures could be seen above the cliff. They were all mortals, but with meticulous planning and correct battle tactics, these mortals showcased the battle strength of rank two Gu Masters!


 “Quick, retreat!” The young master’s face was pale.


 “It is too late...” The steward called out miserably.


 The boulders smashed onto the caravan’s Gu Masters, in an instant, the merchant caravan suffered many casualties, and the demonic path side’s morale was greatly raised.


 ...


 “Damn it!” Fang Yuan shook his head fiercely, escaping from the dream realm again.


 “This is indeed lead soul into dream, but it is incomplete, it can send me into a dream realm now and again, but it can’t keep me trapped in there. However, this is enough to pose a huge threat to me.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were vigilantly looking at their surroundings, but even after guarding for a while, they did not see Fang Yuan, there were also no attacks coming towards them.


 “He retreated?” Hei Lou Lan spoke, somewhat disbelievingly.


 Bai Ning Bing gazed at Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie heaved a long sigh: “Sigh... such a pity.”


 After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Ying Wu Xie had secretly reconstructed lead soul into dream. During the time in Eastern Sea, Ying Wu Xie gave Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan and others, he naturally had even more gains.


 But even until now, he was only barely able to assemble lead soul into dream.


 Ying Wu Xie had intended to use lead soul into dream when Fang Yuan activated that trump card.


 However, Fang Yuan did not use that trump card at all.


 Fang Yuan would need a long time to activate that trump card, which would give Ying Wu Xie a very good opportunity to make a move. If Fang Yuan was struck by lead soul into dream at that time, he would be trapped in a dream realm. Even if it was only for an instant, it would still lead to failure in activating the immortal killer move.


 The stronger an immortal killer move was, the greater the injury the Gu Immortal would have to bear after they fail in activating it.


 There was no doubt that if Fang Yuan was trapped in the dream realm when he activated that killer move, he would fail and suffer a severe backlash.


 Ying Wu Xie explained it in detail, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the rest also felt regret.


 However, in the situation earlier, Ying Wu Xie had no choice but to use lead soul into dream prematurely.


 If he still did not use it, Fang Yuan’s successful attack would result in a qualitative change, causing the battle situation to shift greatly, which would finally result in their deaths.


 Ying Wu Xie had a very sharp and accurate judgment of the situation.


 “Looks like Fang Yuan won’t be able to attack for the moment. We should leave quickly. Lead soul into dream is not complete, its effect will continue to decrease with time.”


 Ying Wu Xie gave the command, the five immortals set off immediately.


 However, they had not walked far when Fang Yuan once again recovered and attacked.


 The dream realm’s interference was becoming smaller and smaller, Fang Yuan was not willing to let Ying Wu Xie and the others slip away from right under his nose, so he immediately began his chase.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still unconscious, the four immortals were harried by Fang Yuan, it was already difficult to move in the regional wall, but with Fang Yuan’s interference, it became even more difficult for them to move forward.


 ...


 “Careful!” Suddenly, a familiar voice came from behind Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could not react in time and only heard a muffled sound as stone debris hit him on the head.


 “Uncle Big Beard, you saved me, thank you!” Fang Yuan saw Uncle Big Beard nearby, and immediately reacted. Just now, he was almost hit by a falling boulder, but Uncle Big Beard had acted in time, destroying the giant boulder before it could reach Fang Yuan.


 “Kid, don’t be so hungry for battle, protect yourself properly.” Uncle Big Beard said with a concerned tone.


 Right at this moment, from the center of the caravan came the caravan steward’s sharp scream — “Men, come quickly and protect young master!”


 Out of nowhere, two rank three demonic path Gu Masters had already charged into the center and were surrounding the owner of the merchant caravan, that young master who had once humiliated Fang Yuan.


 The young master was in a dangerous situation, even the righteous path Gu Masters were afraid.


 “Wait here, I will go help!” Uncle Big Beard spoke this before quickly rushing to the center.


 ...


 The dream realm appeared again and again, Fang Yuan was having a tough time.


 The dream realm greatly influenced him, and he was only able to display twenty to thirty percent of his battle strength.


 But looking at the battle situation, it was much more unfavorable to Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 They were clearly able to sense that the dream realm’s influence to Fang Yuan was becoming smaller.


 And they were still unable to leave the regional wall.


 “All of you go ahead, I will hold him back!” At the crucial moment, Shi Nu stood up.


 Immortal killer move — Land Boundary!


 His whole body emitted frightening cracking sounds, as cracks started appearing everywhere on his body.


 At the same time, with him at the center, an enormous surrounding area of space underwent a mysterious change, being cut off from the space further out.


 Fang Yuan wanted to retreat, but at the critical moment, the dream realm started, making him miss the chance to escape the range of the killer move.


 Fang Yuan sent out dragon breath, but the sword light dragon breath disappeared like smoke before even flying five to six steps of distance.


 Fang Yuan charged with his dragon body, but was actually unable to leave.



***
Chapter 1261 - Blood Path Demonic Immortal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You are looking for death!” His dragon eyes stared at Shi Nu.


 Shi Nu raised his head to look at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Master, leave quickly! Leave!”


 “Shi Nu, I will remember your loyalty.” Ying Wu Xie took a deep glance at Shi Nu, before leaving.


 He took the other two immortals and quickly retreated.


 Because Shi Nu risked his life to hold back Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie and the others were able to smoothly leave the licorice regional wall and enter Northern Plains.


 The moment they stepped on the grass of Northern Plains, Ying Wu Xie took out Tai Bai Yun Sheng from his immortal aperture.


 The latter had already woken up, but his injuries were extremely severe, his life was still in danger.


 Combining the four immortals’ power, they immediately activated the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel and disappeared from the spot.


 ...


 Inside the dream realm.


 The battle had already concluded.


 The attacking demonic path bandits were all dead.


 The merchant caravan did not have it easy as well, as they suffered many casualties and injuries.


 Corpses were littered everywhere in the valley and blood filled the area.


 “Uncle Big Beard, pull yourself together! Wake up!” The young Fang Yuan was beside Gu Master Big Beard, looking at the terrifying injury with shock and panic.


 “Someone, someone save him!” Fang Yuan shouted, his voice somewhat hoarse.


 But nobody came.


 Fang Yuan quickly ran to the young master: “Lord, Uncle Big Beard was injured while saving you, he is going to die, please save him!”


 “He cannot be saved, the injury itself is not a big problem, the main thing is that he has been struck by a poison Gu, we have no way of saving him.” The young master shook his head and gave a rueful smile.


 “No, you have a way. Weren’t you also hit by the same poison Gu?” Fang Yuan persisted.


 The young master’s expression sank: “You want me to use a precious Gu worm for a mere outsider? Do you know this kind of healing Gu worm can only be used for a limited number of times?”


 “But, Uncle Big Beard was injured to save you.” Fang Yuan argued.


 “Even if he did not save me, I have father’s secret guards who would have ensured my safety.” The young master sneered, waving his hand at Fang Yuan, “Get lost now, how could my healing Gu worm be used on ants like you guys?”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and stared at the young master with clenched fists, not moving from his spot.


 “Are you looking to die?” The young master was getting furious.


 “Fang Yuan...” At this time, Gu Master Big Beard woke up and softly called out.


 Fang Yuan shook, quickly turning around and running to Big Beard’s side: “Uncle Big Beard, you are awake!”


 Fang Yuan was surprised and happy.


 “Don’t oppose young master, you will be the one to suffer. Don’t keep on begging, how could such a precious healing Gu be used on people like us?” Big Beard smiled mockingly.


 “But uncle, your injuries...” Fang Yuan was very upset, choking as he sobbed.


 ...


 Plop.


 Shi Nu powerlessly dropped to the ground.


 “Hehehe.” He looked at the sword dragon hovering in front of him and laughed: “I succeeded! Master was able to escape, haha... Shadow Sect won’t be defeated, long live Spectral Soul — ugh!”


 Fang Yuan grabbed him with his claws and forcefully crushed him to pieces.


 Loosening his dragon claws, rock fragments and debris were scattered over the ground with no signs of Shi Nu’s original appearance.


 “You’re merely dying, what was the point of yelling.” Fang Yuan sneered, picking up the most crucial piece from among the rock fragments.


 He then flew out of the licorice regional wall and returned once again to Northern Plains.


 He threw the crucial piece of rock to the ground, immediately, the immortal aperture inside began to absorb Northern Plains’ heaven and earth qi and formed a blessed land outside.


 Fang Yuan did not wait, instead activating qi luck sensation to check the locations of Ying Wu Xie and the others.


 Fang Yuan immediately discovered that Ying Wu Xie and the rest were already extremely far away from him.


 “Hmph! They used that ancient battle formation? But so what? You will all die at my hands, sooner or later.”


 “But this location, it seems to be in that Earth Trench under Zombie Alliance.”


 Fang Yuan returned to his human form, slightly frowning.


 Of course, he was familiar with the location of Zombie Alliance’s Earth Trench. Dark Flow Giant City was still hidden there, unfortunately, no one had found it yet. It was not strange for Ying Wu Xie and the rest to enter it.


 “Southern Border Zombie Alliance has already been destroyed, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters were besieged, but Northern Plains Zombie Alliance is still hidden in the Earth Trench. Looks like Ying Wu Xie and the rest will once again go through a period of growth.”


 This was an expected situation.


 Dark Flow Giant City’s cultivation resources included all sorts of Immortal Gu from Northern Plains’ immortal zombies.


 However, Shi Nu was already dead, and they were injured, if they fought again, even if it was in Northern Plains and not the regional wall, Fang Yuan would still have the upper hand.


 Shi Nu’s blessed land had formed, Fang Yuan entered it but was unable to subdue the land spirit. His attainment in earth path was only at master level and not grandmaster, thus he could not annex this rank seven blessed land and could only leave it for the moment.


 Inside the dream...


 There was a kind of medicinal herb said to be able to relieve Gu Master Big Beard’s poison, the young Fang Yuan chose to sneak out of the caravan and climbed the cliff to pick the medicinal herbs growing there.


 The cold mountain wind blew at him, causing his body to shiver greatly.


 The cliff was steep, and a careless step could lead to a brutal death.


 “I will definitely get the medicinal herb and treat Uncle Big Beard!”


 “He saved my life, how could I not repay this debt of kindness?”


 “Persevere, Fang Yuan, don’t be afraid, huff huff...”


 Fang Yuan was breathing roughly as he stretched out his arm and after several attempts, he finally picked out a medicinal herb.


 At daybreak, with a basket full of herbs and ragged clothes, he returned to the camp.


 ...


 “Alright, this dream realm is finally over.” Fang Yuan woke up from the dream realm.


 He finally got rid of the dream realm’s interference.


 This dream realm was not completely without benefits, the dream path materials inside surpassed Fang Yuan’s imagination. In the final scene, the basket of herbs Fang Yuan carried were actually all dream path Gu materials.


 “If I dreamed by myself, there is no way I would have had such huge harvests. Could it be that Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream is not only an offensive ability, but is actually a killer move to get dream path Gu materials?”


 Fang Yuan pondered over this as he flew.


 Without the dream realm’s interference, he once again began to chase after Ying Wu Xie.


 Even if Ying Wu Xie ran to the ends of the world, Fang Yuan would give chase to nip this great problem in the bud!


 Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 “Fairy Lian Yun, don’t use love Immortal Gu again. You have already paid the price and are now unable to speak. If you continue using it repeatedly like this, I really don’t know what kind of price you will have to pay next!” Shi Zheng Yi tried to persuade.


 Zhao Lian Yun shook her head, her gaze firm and determined.


 In the dangerous battle with Zhao Da Niu, love Immortal Gu had displayed its might. But that time, love Immortal Gu did not take immortal essence as the price, instead it seized away a certain thing from Zhao Lian Yun.


 This thing was Zhao Lian Yun’s voice.


 After the battle, Zhao Lian Yun was unable to let out any sounds. She was not even able to make crude grunts and noises that mute people could make.


 “Hong Yun is still waiting for me! I cannot just wait here and watch from the sidelines. So what if I can’t speak? I can still converse with all of you through Gu worms. It is not a big problem.” Zhao Lian Yun transmitted her voice to Shi Zheng Yi.


 Shi Zheng Yi sighed, unable to say anything, and could only let Zhao Lian Yun act on her will.


 This time, however, no matter how Zhao Lian Yun called out, love Immortal Gu showed no signs of budging.


 Helpless, Zhao Lian Yun could only walk out of the twelfth snowy peak’s range, along with Shi Zheng Yi.


 Once they walked out of this range, Zhao Lian Yun was sent to another snowy peak, separated from Shi Zheng Yi.


 Different from before, there were sounds of an intense battle on this snowy peak.


 “Who is fighting here? It should be either Yu Yi Ye Zi, Bu Zhen Zi or Mu Ling Lan, right?” Zhao Lian Yun was surprised and happy, as she quickly rushed towards the peak.


 She soon reached the hall at the peak.


 The stench of blood assaulted her nose, inside the crimson hall, a gorgeous young Gu Immortal was fighting a bitter battle with a Snowy Mountain Gu Immortal.


 It was refinement path Gu Immortal Yu Yi Ye Zi!


 “Yu Yi Ye Zi, hold on, I am coming to support you.” Zhao Lian Yun transmitted her voice.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was both surprised and happy, quickly replying: “Be careful, this is a genuine blood path demonic immortal!”


 “What? Blood path!” Zhao Lian Yun got a huge fright. She looked at the enemy with dread and wariness.



***
Chapter 1262 - Golden Sun Spear


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Blood path Gu Immortal!


 Because of Blood Sea Ancestor and other historical reasons, as well as blood path’s characteristics, any person who cultivated blood path would be judged as a demonic path member in the five regions.


 In the battle between the alliance of Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe against the allied Huang Jin tribes, Chu Du’s side could have brought in a strong reinforcement. Unfortunately, this person cultivated blood path, Chu Du had immediately refused with not the slightest bit of hesitation.


 It was because Chu Du wanted to establish a righteous path force, if he collaborated with a blood path member, his side would be judged as demonic path, and all his painstaking effort would go down the drain.


 However, Snowy Mountain blessed land did not have such concerns.


 Because Snowy Mountain blessed land was a gathering point of Northern Plains’ demonic path Gu Immortals. It was not a tribe or a sect. Whether it be a tribe or a sect, both had the characteristics of nurturing its members, and both had mortal members as well. However, Snowy Mountain blessed land was an entity formed and linked purely through benefits.


 Zhao Lian Yun arrived at the tenth snowy peak after leaving the twelfth snowy peak.


 The demonic path Gu Immortal guarding this place was called Zhao Pu. He was wearing hemp clothes and cloth shoes, he was bald, had an ordinary appearance and was of a middling stature.


 He was standing at the center of the hall, while Yu Yi Ye Zi was retreating back again and again, until he reached the edge of the hall.


 His whole body was bathed in blood, his injuries were frightening.


 When Zhao Lian Yun saw this companion, she was almost unable to recognize him. Yu Yi Ye Zi was a pretty and delicate looking man, but right now, it was like he had fallen in a boundless sea of blood and was pulled out by someone.


 “His other abilities are normal, but he has one blood path immortal killer move that is extremely powerful! When activating it, all of his blood splashes out before turning into a stream of blood. Once the stream of blood touches your skin, you will start bleeding and as time passes, the bleeding will continue to worsen! You need to be careful.” Yu When Yu Yi Ye Zi saw Zhao Lian Yun in the middle of the fight, he quickly warned her.


 “I understand! Take a rest first, I will deal with him.” Zhao Lian Yun stepped forward.


 “Good, another person is here looking for death.” Zhao Pu stood at the same spot without moving, his hands folded across his chest. He let out a sinister smile, revealing his dense and sharp teeth, a demonic and bloodthirsty aura pounced forward.


 Immortal killer move — Life Locking Silver Chain.


 Zhao Lian Yun had been preparing this move since earlier, under the consumption of immortal essence, auras of large numbers of Gu worms rose from her body, and a silver light covered her.


 Clang clang...


 A series of chains clashing against each other could be heard coming from within the silver light.


 Shortly afterwards, six long chains shot out from the silver light. The six chains were bright silver and extremely nimble, as they moved around Zhao Lian Yun, forming a strong defense.


 Zhao Lian Yun had gone through intensive training and after the life and death battle with Zhao Da Niu, she seemed to have been reborn, her every move was decisive and did not have an inexperienced air like before.


 The tenth snowy peak lord, Zhao Pu, noticed Zhao Lian Yun activating her killer move, but actually did not stop her and simply watched her.


 Zhao Lian Yun saw this, and immediately activated another immortal killer move.


 Meteor rain!


 Immortal essence was expended once again, as a patch of deep blue formed above Zhao Lian Yun, above the dome of the hall.


 Swish swish swish...


 Countless meteors were falling from the sky, raining down like an army of arrows, it was a majestic sight!


 These meteors were extremely thin and small, like countless hidden weapons, but their power was majestic as they fell down like a storm that could not be avoided.


 If Zhao Pu kept on staying still, he would be turned into meat paste by these tiny meteors.


 He indeed did not dare to be so prideful, suddenly a large bloody cloud floated above his head, it was like a huge umbrella that firmly protected Zhao Pu. The falling meteors were blocked by the bloody cloud, but the bloody cloud’s volume was shrinking at a visible speed.


 Zhao Pu gritted his teeth and stamped his foot, as his body shot towards Zhao Lian Yun like a red ray of light.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s mind shook, subconsciously taking a step back.


 The silver chains moving around her reacted faster than her, one of the chains shot out towards Zhao Pu like a charging dragon.


 Zhao Pu quickly dodged and chose another direction to attack.


 But at almost the same time, another silver chain shot towards him.


 Zhao Pu had no choice but to retreat and choose another direction again.


 This repeated a few times, Zhao Pu shockingly realized these silver chains could attack on their own, these chains could be said to have both attack and defensive properties. Not to mention how agile these silver chains were, they could even coordinate with each other.


 “Little girl, your defensive killer move is pretty good!” Zhao Pu could not see any results, he did not continue trying and retreated some distance, using his methods to replenish the thinning bloody cloud.


 This was natural.


 Zhao Lian Yun had many immortal killer moves, these methods were chosen specifically for Zhao Lian Yun by Spirit Affinity House and Heavenly Court.


 They were especially suitable for a beginner like Zhao Lian Yun. Not only were the killer moves easy to control, the injuries from backlash in the case of failure were also not severe, the main thing was that these killer moves were extremely refined.


 The meteors continued to fall down in torrents.


 Zhao Pu was constantly replenishing the bloody cloud above him.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was in a corner, healing himself.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not answer, she silently continued to prepare for a third immortal killer move.


 It was just that these two killer moves, meteor rain and life locking silver chain, were the ones she had practised the most, this third move was slightly more complex than these two moves.


 During the normal training, Zhao Lian Yun only had to spend some effort to activate it.


 But in a real battle, she found she had to use a lot more effort.


 Although, right now, with the protection of life locking silver chain, the environment was similar to the training field, her mental state was not the same, her few attempts had already ended up in failure.


 “Another immortal killer move? Don’t you know immortal killer moves cannot be used easily? The more you use them, the more chances where you will expose a weakness. Let me teach you how to fight!” Zhao Pu smiled sinisterly and pounced forward.


 But this time, when he had reached halfway, he opened his mouth wide.


 Boom!


 An enormous explosion occurred, Zhao Lian Yun felt the blood throughout her body shaking violently. A little less than half of the Gu worms that had soared up in Zhao Lian Yun’s phantom aperture fell down again because of the disturbance.


 Among them, many mortal Gu were destroyed.


 Zhao Pu was a blood path demonic immortal, but also had sound path methods which caught Zhao Lian Yun unprepared, even Yu Yi Ye Zi, who had been healing himself, was affected.


 Like this, Zhao Pu continued to attack Zhao Lian Yun from all sides while life locking silver chain ensured her safety.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not succeed in activating her third immortal killer move due to all sorts of interference from Zhao Pu.


 She was filled with a sense of powerlessness, thinking: “This guy is indeed like what Yu Yi Ye Zi described him as, he has a number of methods which are all ordinary and cannot break my life locking silver chain. But he is extremely troublesome, he has all kinds of methods emerging one after another, causing me to repeatedly fail in activating the killer move. This won’t do, I need to continue to persevere!”


 Zhao Lian Yun firmed her resolution and continued to attempt activating her immortal killer move.


 Maybe due to being obstructed too many times and failing many times, it instead tempered her will and strengthened her conviction.


 Finally, her eyes suddenly let out a piercing sharp light.


 Zhao Lian Yun then stretched out her right arm, and spat at her right palm, spitting out a chain of fire.


 The fire stopped at her palm, at first it was only a fireball hovering over her right palm.


 But with Zhao Lian Yun continuing to spit out fire, the fire in her hand began to inflate.


 It was quite strange, this fire was not inflating as a whole, but it was its left and right side that were enlarging.


 Soon, a staff of fire formed in Zhao Lian Yun’s hand.


 The staff grew until it was the side of an adult’s arm. The burning flames on the staff began to shrink.


 Several breaths later, the raging fire was completely gone, as it condensed into a staff that seemed to be cast from crimson bronze.


 Zhao Lian Yun closed her mouth before suddenly opening it, letting out a shrill scream: “Strike!”


 Following her voice, a golden ray of light immediately shot out from her mouth and struck the fire staff.



***
Chapter 1263 - Blood Drain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The fire staff completely absorbed this golden light. The golden light quickly moved around in the fire staff before finally stopping at the head of the staff, gradually turning into a sharp spear.


 Right now, the fire staff had changed into a short crimson-golden spear!


 Immortal killer move golden sun spear had finally activated successfully!


 “It is time for you to die.” Zhao Lian Yun let out a breath of air, she was filled with confidence. Her right hand slowly raised the golden sun spear and pointed at Zhao Pu, her willpower soaring high.


 Zhao Pu was solemn as he fixed his gaze at the golden sun spear in Zhao Lian Yun’s hand, praising it: “Impressive spear, both its temperature and radiance are well restrained, once it bursts out, it will definitely be terrifyingly powerful. But...”


 He suddenly changed the subject, revealing a smile as if his scheme had succeeded.


 He said to Zhao Lian Yun: “Don’t you feel anything strange right now?”


 “What?” Only then did Zhao Lian Yun sense something warm was flowing down the sides of her lips.


 She lightly wiped with her left hand, it was blood!


 Who knew when she had started to bleed.


 “This is?!” Zhao Lian Yun’s pupils immediately shrunk to pin size and her body started shaking.


 “This is my killer move — Blood Drain. Hehehe.” Zhao Pu laughed loudly.


 “This can’t be... you clearly...” Zhao Lian Yun had only spoken a few words, when blood started to flow out of her mouth, dying her white teeth red.


 “Hahaha, you want to say that I did not show any signs of activating an immortal killer move? Actually, I had already activated it, I only changed the method.” Zhao Pu laughed.


 “Could it be the rumored technique — split move?” Yu Yi Ye Zi cried out in shock, his eyes wide open.


 Zhao Pu glanced at him: “Kid, you are quite knowledgeable.”


 Gu Masters nurtured, used, and refined Gu, no matter which aspect, they were all very profound and deep.


 Refining Gu involved all sorts of refinement methods. Using Gu naturally was also the same.


 Among immortal killer moves, there were many extraordinary methods and techniques. For instance, the consecutive moves of Blazing Heaven Demoness. She could use two or more fire path immortal killer moves one after the other, achieving a stronger effect in the end.


 Another example was Fang Yuan’s variant moves. Myriad self, formed from the convergence of enslavement and strength path, could produce large numbers of strength path phantoms to battle. But Fang Yuan was able to create a variant move, myriad self first style, strength path giant hand. This variant move used myriad self as the foundation, but was able to produce an offensive effect that myriad self could not achieve by itself.


 And the method Zhao Pu was using right now was a split move. If he directly activated blood drain, it would definitely be sensed by the highly vigilant Zhao Lian Yun, and she would either disturb him or evade. However, Zhao Pu split this immortal killer move into multiple parts, and used them as he fought. After he unleashed all of these split moves, he achieved the effect of blood drain.


 The advantage of this method was clear. There was no indication of the move being used, which made it impossible to guard against!


 “Damn it! So he had been hiding and pretending, he attacked multiple times but did not break my life locking silver chain’s defense, it was actually because he was secretly plotting!”


 Right now, Zhao Lian Yun found that she was not only bleeding from her mouth, blood was starting to flow continuously from her nose and ears as well. Her eyes were also filled with some traces of blood, causing her vision to become blurry.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart thumped loudly as she recalled Yu Yi Ye Zi’s appearance.


 “I was still hit by that move!”


 “If it continues like this, would not I end up the same way as Yu Yi Ye Zi?”


 “He is truly crafty!!”


 In her agitation, Zhao Lian Yun threw the golden sun spear towards Zhao Pu.


 But Zhao Pu was already prepared, he was extremely vigilant against Zhao Lian Yun’s fire spear, Zhao Lian Yun’s shoulder had just started to move, when he had already begun to move.


 The golden sun spear did not have the ability to lock onto the target, but it was extremely fast, brushing past Zhao Pu.


 Zhao Pu got a great fright, the golden sun spear pierced through the hall, shooting towards outside the hall before it exploded. A boundless heat wave swept over all directions. The dazzling golden light and the flames instantly formed a small sun-like sphere. But soon, this small sun disappeared completely.


 “Such power, if it truly struck me...” Zhao Pu’s body was soaked in cold sweat: “Fortunately, they have already been struck by my move.”


 “Oh.” Yu Yi Ye Zi inwardly sighed, and walked towards Zhao Lian Yun, prepared to fight alongside her.


 Zhao Lian Yun was downcast, her morale falling sharply. She had very little real battle experience, her state of mind was easily influenced. This immortal killer move, golden sun spear, was a valuable advantage, but now it was wasted by her.


 “Your injuries...” Zhao Lian Yun worriedly looked at Yu Yi Ye Zi.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi’s injuries showed no signs of getting better.


 Zhao Pu laughed: “Did you think I was intentionally letting you off when I let you rest and heal? Hehehe, as long as you are hit by my move, unless I personally cancel the effect, normal methods won’t be of any use. You have already tried, do you see any effects?”


 “But I am quite benevolent. I will allow you both to surrender, as long as you kneel and beg for mercy, giving me your Immortal Gu, I will take you as my slaves and spare your lives.”


 “Stop dreaming!” Zhao Lian Yun gritted her teeth, refusing Zhao Pu’s invitation.


 Zhao Pu ignored her and laughed: “The battle is decided, are you still unaware of your situation? A wise person submits to circumstances, you are still young, it is over if you die, but you will still have hope as long as you live.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi sneered: “I am indeed unable to heal my injuries and can only let the blood continue to flow. But I have made some gains. I have already deduced that as long as we kill you, the injuries on our body will heal by themselves.”


 “Huh?” Zhao Pu’s expression slightly changed, he sized up Yu Yi Ye Zi once again: “Kid, I have changed my opinion about you.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was a genius refinement path Gu Immortal, having extremely deep attainment level in refinement path. Even rank seven Gu Immortals often discussed Gu refinement matters with him, and even asked him for guidance.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was not only proficient in Gu refinement, he also was skilled in deducing Gu recipes.


 Refinement path and wisdom path were close to each other and could coordinate with each other.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was able to deduce the truth from his injuries along with Zhao Pu’s various behaviors.


 “We must kill him before all our blood is drained. If he doesn’t die, we will die!” Yu Yi Ye Zi transmitted his voice to Zhao Lian Yun.


 They were already forced into a dead end. They had no options other than to fearlessly charge ahead and kill the enemy to have the right to survive.


 “Charge!” Zhao Lian Yun called out, and charged forward without hesitation.


 “Conceited brats, I will let you taste my true strength!” Zhao Pu laughed loudly, and valiantly charged forward, fighting as one against two.


 Both sides went at each other, neither yielding a step.


 Life locking silver chains shuttled back and forth, Zhao Pu had a bloody cloud above him and one below his feet, he avoided three chains and immediately spat blood towards the three chains coming from behind.


 The blood dyed the silver chains, immediately turning them into a pool of blood.


 “Eight refinement gates, third gate -hand gate – open!” Yu Yi Ye Zi took the chance to palm-strike towards Zhao Pu’s back from afar.


 Immediately, two exquisite palm silhouettes struck Zhao Pu’s back with incredible speed.


 Zhao Pu gave a muffled groan, blood suddenly splashed out from his back and covered his injuries.


 A slightly surprised expression flashed past his face, as he thought: “Strange, why is this kid’s attack much stronger now?”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi might be a refinement path Gu Immortal, but his battle strength was also extraordinary.


 As long as he was given some time, he could target his opponent’s weaknesses properly. Especially his immortal killer move — Eight Refinement Gates, it could change according to the situation and unleash some properties that were specially effective against the enemy.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi and Zhao Lian Yun knew they had no way to retreat, and instantly burst out with remarkable battle strength.



***
Chapter 1264 - Crying, Screaming


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 If humans staked their all, their danger would naturally increase explosively.


 In contrast, the blood path demonic immortal Zhao Pu was not willing to fight to the death, he just needed to delay some time and he could obtain victory.


 As such, for a moment, Zhao Pu was instead suppressed by Zhao Lian Yun and Yu Yi Ye Zi.


 However, Zhao Pu’s battle experience was much greater than these two immortals of Central Continent.


 He was extremely slippery, moving around all the time, Zhao Lian Yun and Yu Yi Ye Zi did everything they could but could not catch him at all.


 As time passed, the situation inclined towards Zhao Pu.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was the first to weaken in his attacks.


 He had been struck much earlier than Zhao Lian Yun and had suffered much greater injuries, now because of the high blood loss, he fell unconscious.


 “Your friend might have died from blood loss, you are next. You also don’t have much time, why aren’t you attacking more frequently?” Zhao Pu laughed.


 Zhao Lian Yun was in low spirits. She knew Zhao Pu was intentionally provoking her to disturb her mind, but she was unable to calm her mind and became more and more agitated.


 Blood had started flowing out of her eyes, her sight was completely blurry and red.


 More terrifyingly, blood was not only pouring out of her seven orifices, but also from the countless pores on her body.


 “Damn it... damn it....” An intense dizziness constantly attacked Zhao Lian Yun, her whole body was starting to shake and waver.


 Finally, Zhao Pu sent a long ranged attack which sent Zhao Lian Yun flying. She fell to the ground and rolled three times before stopping.


 “Damn it!” Zhao Lian Yun pushed the ground with her hands and tried to stand up, but she had lost too much blood and had no strength left in her.


 She could not even prop her body up anymore.


 “It’s over.” Zhao Pu folded his arms across his chest, as he walked slowly towards Zhao Lian Yun and looked down at her.


 Blood.


 It was flowing out continuously from Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


 Soon, a pool of blood had formed around her.


 Zhao Lian Yun had become a blood soaked person in this pool, blood was flowing down from her eyes along with her tears.


 “Is it over...”


 “This is where I fall.”


 “Blood... I am not in the least bit afraid this time, Hong Yun.”


 Zhao Lian Yun recalled a scene of the past.


 That was during the fighting for Imperial Court.


 Zhao Lian Yun had lost the protection of her father, and was unwillingly turned into a political chip to be married to Wei tribe’s young master, and had no choice but to rely on Ma Hong Yun.


 During one battle, Zhao Lian Yun was unfortunately shot in the thigh by a falling arrow.


 Blood flowed.


 “I am going to die, ahhh, so painful! I am going to die!” Zhao Lian Yun was lying inside a carriage, screaming and crying.


 “Don’t make a fuss, Lady Xiao Yun, you are not going to die. This is only a little injury.” Ma Hong Yun proficiently dressed her injury while consoling her.


 “Blood, so much blood! Don’t you know I get dizzy at the sight of blood?! I have never suffered such a heavy injury.” Zhao Lian Yun groaned.


 “You, how could you be so squeamish? Injuries are normal for people of Northern Plains. Many times, the scars are a source of glory and symbol of our feats!”


 Zhao Lian Yun rolled her eyes: “Do you know how to comfort people? Sigh, how could I be so unlucky...”


 “Hahaha.” Ma Hong Yun laughed loudly, carelessly using a bit more strength.


 Zhao Lian Yun cried out in pain: “Aaahh! Be softer! Also, what are you laughing at. I have suffered such a serious injury and you seem to be very happy.”


 Ma Hong Yun quickly waved his hand, but was still laughing: “I’m not gloating, it is just that I feel Lady Xiao Yun is truly cute. You normally act like an elder, and fill people with awe. But only now do I truly feel you are a little sister younger than me.”


 “You are getting truly arrogant...” Zhao Lian Yun was just about to erupt, when suddenly, Ma Hong Yun touched her forehead.


 Zhao Lian Yun was dazed. For some reason, she got a feeling of warmth.


 Ma Hong Yun ignored her: “There is no fever, this is good. Lady Xiao Yun, you cannot be so squeamish. Suffering some injuries and letting out some blood is nothing. If you scream so loudly again, people will ridicule you.”


 Her recollection ended here.


 “Ridicule?”


 “You should not be able to ridicule me now, right?”


 “You brat...”


 “I really used up all my blood to save you.”


 “It is truly strange, I actually willingly sent myself to death for someone.”


 “So, even if I die, I am willing to do this!”


 Such thoughts emerged in Zhao Lian Yun’s mind.


 “Die!” Zhao Pu gave a loud shout and pierced forward with his hand like a sharp knife.


 A fatal blow!


 If this battle struck true, it would pierce through Zhao Lian Yun’s head like tofu.


 But right at this time.


 An intense radiance burst out from Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


 The radiance was so glaring that Zhao Pu had no choice but to close his eyes and step back.


 “This is...”


 “Why is there such a strong light?”


 “Impossible! This aura... so powerful!”


 “Ahhhhhhh——!”


 Zhao Pu let out a miserable cry.


 His whole body did not budge in the light. Soon, he was like the melting snow under a hot sun, completely destroyed.


 At the crucial moment, love Immortal Gu showed its might once again, directly killing Zhao Pu!


 Northern Plains, in the depths of Earth Trench.


 “Ying Wu Xie, where will you hide now?!” Fang Yuan’s sword dragon form roared in the Earth Trench, his voice, filled with killing intent, resounded everywhere.


 Relying on qi luck sensation, Fang Yuan had moved at extreme speed and finally reached here.


 From within the darkness, a giant city slowly rose up.


 Ying Wu Xie was standing on top of the giant city.


 “I have been waiting for quite some time.” Ying Wu Xie spoke, his gaze tranquil and his tone indifferent.


 “Hmph! Shi Nu is dead, you want to fight me with just you four and this mortal Gu house?” Fang Yuan sneered.


 Dark Flow Giant City was huge and looked majestic, but it was only a mortal Gu house, not an Immortal Gu House.


 It was not easy to form an Immortal Gu House. Shadow Sect possessed many Immortal Gu, but they also could not casually upgrade Dark Flow Giant City to an Immortal Gu House.


 If they had an Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan would feel a lot of apprehension.


 Because the power of an Immortal Gu House increased with the amount of immortal essence expended. Fang Yuan had once used Giant Sun’s immortal essence to control Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage and shined in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 But Dark Flow Giant City was only a mortal Gu house, and it was absolutely not enough to put fear in Fang Yuan.


 “Then what if you add me?” A second figure appeared on top of Dark Flow Giant City.


 This person was only a rank six Gu Immortal, but he was an ‘old acquaintance’ of Fang Yuan.


 It was the spy Shadow Sect had inserted in Lang Ya Sect, refinement path Gu Immortal Sixth Hair!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became slightly dark.


 Fang Yuan did not think much of Sixth Hair’s strength. But Sixth Hair and Fang Yuan were members of Lang Ya Sect, both of them had an information path alliance agreement.


 This made it extremely inconvenient for Fang Yuan to go against Sixth Hair, with just slight carelessness, he would suffer the backlash of the information path alliance agreement and be injured.


 However, Fang Yuan had mentally prepared for Sixth Hair’s appearance.


 “Die!” Fang Yuan swung his dragon tail, directly charging forward.


 Dark Flow Giant City quickly moved back, and at the same time, a battlefield killer move rose up and large numbers of yaksha octopuses closed in.


 “Your status has already made Fang Yuan hesitate. We just need to delay some time and we can use Omni-directional Travel again.” Ying Wu Xie patted Sixth Hair’s shoulder.


 “Lord, you should go take a rest, let me handle this.” Sixth Hair said to Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded and entered Dark Flow Giant City.


 It was a slaughterhouse.


 Despite there being large numbers of yaksha octopuses, they were not a match for Fang Yuan.


 The ancient sword dragon raised a bloody storm, rampaging around the battlefield.


 Dark Flow Giant City was within his sight, but Fang Yuan did not dare to carelessly use dragon breath, it would be bad if he killed Sixth Hair by mistake.


 It would be himself who would suffer instead.


 He might even be counterattacked by Ying Wu Xie and the rest due to that and lose his life here.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others were in a bad situation, but Fang Yuan was not blindly optimistic. He knew he had the upper hand, but was not yet able to turn it into crushing dominance.


 Especially when there was Bai Ning Bing, who could turn into the Bai Xiang state, and Ying Wu Xie, who had lead soul into dream. Even though the former only had rank six cultivation and the latter’s lead soul into dream was incomplete.


 “Information path... when can I be free from its restrictions?”


 Fang Yuan was vexed.


 Information path was a pain that had repeatedly troubled him.


 Fang Yuan had also tried hard, but lacking fortuitous encounters, he had not been able to solve this issue.


 Sixth Hair presided over the battle, his strategy was not to win, but to not make any mistakes.



***
Chapter 1265 - Nightmare Demonic Colts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Fang Yuan killed the wave of yaksha octopuses, wall climbing demon apes started to appear. These apes similarly were beasts of Earth Trench, not inferior to yaksha octopus.


 After this wave of wall climbing demon apes was eliminated, Fang Yuan was attacked by a large group of red flame snakes.


 “These beast groups were probably all controlled by Northern Plains’ Zombie Alliance division. For example, yaksha octopuses probably belonged to the rank seven immortal zombie Dragon Commander Ye Cha.”


 “The Zombie Alliance divisions in other regions were all besieged, only on Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s end did they rely on Earth Trench to remain until now.”


 “Not only these desolate beasts, looking at Hei Lou Lan’s performance earlier, there probably are Immortal Gu as well!”


 “If so, I will have to re-evaluate the battle strength of Ying Wu Xie and the others. However, it is not possible to grasp immortal killer moves in a short period of time, with just Immortal Gu, when there is conflict between dao marks...”


 Fang Yuan analyzed the situation while fighting.


 At this time, a large group of horse desolate beasts galloped towards Fang Yuan.


 These horses were extremely strange, they had a pair of sheep horns on their heads, their whole bodies looked like they were burnt charcoal, they were letting out dense smoke from their noses and their tails and limbs were burning with a dull red fire.


 “Huh?”


 “Dream path desolate beast nightmare demonic colt!”


 Fang Yuan was stunned, before recognizing it shortly afterwards.


 “So it seems, nightmare demonic colts had already appeared during this time period...”


 “Moreover, in such high numbers!”


 Fang Yuan was greatly joyous.


 Nightmare demonic colts were a dream path desolate beast, this desolate beast was extremely common during his first life of five hundred years. But now at this time, it was extremely rare, Fang Yuan thought this horse had yet to appear.


 Times changed, humans were changing and the world was also changing.


 Many Gu materials were extinct, leading to the decline of strength path, qi path and other paths. Similarly, many new Gu materials were constantly formed.


 Dream path.


 This path had just begun to flourish near the end of Fang Yuan’s first life. At present, the Gu Immortals were all researching it, although they made some gains, they were extremely small and almost could not be considered anything.


 Only after a few hundred years would many dream path Gu materials start to appear, nightmare demonic colts were one of them.


 Fang Yuan had thus believed nightmare demonic colts did not exist at this time. But this group of nightmare demonic colts made him realize his estimation was completely wrong!


 “Good thing I was wrong! I must get these nightmare demonic colts!” Fang Yuan was extremely happy.


 What did dream path desolate beasts signify?


 Large amounts of dream path Gu materials!


 Why was Fang Yuan painstakingly going deep into his own dreams?


 It was to gather dream path materials!


 If he had these nightmare demonic colts, Fang Yuan could cut the meat of these desolate horses and refine large numbers of dream path mortal Gu, and even dream path Immortal Gu!


 When he was exploring the giant dream realm in Southern Border, why could he not use unravel dream as much as he liked? Why did he have to plan carefully every time he used it?


 Simply put, wasn’t it because he did not have enough dream path mortal Gu?


 The efficiency of refining dream path mortal Gu alone was truly too low.


 “These nightmare demonic colts are all mine!”


 Fang Yuan started to capture these nightmare demonic colts.


 His ancient sword dragon form was extremely fast, maneuvering around these nightmare demonic colts with no obstruction.


 Fang Yuan was trying to knock these nightmare demonic colt unconscious, and then raise them in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 However, Shadow Sect had clearly prepared for it and had made some arrangements on these nightmare demonic colts.


 Fang Yuan tried hard, but finally discovered he could not capture these nightmare demonic colt alive, at most, he could kill them and obtain their corpses.


 But even so, Fang Yuan had a huge harvest.


 After killing these nightmare demonic colts, Fang Yuan then slaughtered the next few waves of desolate beast groups, among which were ancient desolate beasts as well.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was already at the upper layers of rank seven, whether it be the desolate beast groups or the battlefield killer move, they were not a threat to Fang Yuan.


 Dark Flow Giant City did not have an endless supply of desolate beast groups.


 After a while, Fang Yuan had killed all the beast groups, and he spent some time in breaking the battlefield killer move, wrecking Dark Flow Giant City.


 However, a lot of his time had still been wasted, Ying Wu Xie and the others had already left.


 Sixth Hair had remained behind, like Shi Nu, to hold back Fang Yuan.


 Sixth Hair’s cultivation could not compare to Shi Nu’s, but he had a huge advantage.


 He looked at Fang Yuan with no fear: “Do you dare to kill me?”


 “What use is there in killing you? Wait till I kill Ying Wu Xie and let you fall into despair and suffering.” Fang Yuan gave a sinister smile, as his dragon body ascended and flew out of Earth Trench.


 The ashen faced Sixth Hair was left behind, along with the ruined Dark Flow city.


 Northern Plains was extremely huge, even though they had Omni-directional Travel, Snowy Mountain blessed land was at the extreme north-west.


 Omni-directional Travel could not be used continuously, while Ying Wu Xie was hurrying towards Snowy Mountain blessed land, Fang Yuan caught up to them once again.


 “Let’s see who will help you this time?” The ancient sword dragon rushed over.


 Lead soul into dream!


 Ying Wu Xie activated his immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan was hit again.


 However, this dream realm was unexpectedly deep, he had to use unravel dream to break the dream realm and return to reality.


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan immediately sensed something fishy.


 This was somewhat beyond what he had expected, causing him to suffer a minor loss.


 Ying Wu Xie laughed: “I sacrificed all those nightmare demonic colts earlier. Do you think these dream path immortal materials can be taken so easily? I will give you advice, don’t chase us, if you continue chasing, even if you have the upper extreme heavenly eagle, you will lose your life.”


 “Hmph, crafty guy!” Fang Yuan snorted.


 Regardless of what intention Ying Wu Xie had, whether it was provocation or probing, Fang Yuan decided to give up chasing for now.


 The dream realm was constantly pestering him, he had to get through the entirety of the dream realm, only then could he be completely free of worries.


 Undoubtedly, lead soul into dream was truly troublesome. Even though Fang Yuan had unravel dream, he could not resolve it in one attempt, and had to pass through all the stages of the dream realm.


 Inside the dream.


 Southern Border, dawn.


 The wet dew and the dense cloud-like mountain fog produced a depressing feeling.


 The merchant caravan did not continue moving, moving in this dense fog on the mountain was very likely to create problems.


 The young Fang Yuan was sitting beside a simple bed.


 Gu Master Big Beard was lying on the bed, and was already on the verge of dying.


 “Fang Yuan, thank you for the medicinal herbs.” Gu Master Big Beard spoke with an extremely weak voice.


 Fang Yuan was feeling extremely stifled, as he sobbed: “Uncle Big Beard, you will get better.”


 Gu Master Big Beard shook his head: “How could I not be clear of my injuries? Don’t cry, child, crying is of no use to us.”


 “I was once young like you, and had big dreams.”


 “Unfortunately, my aptitude was too bad, and I finally sank into this current state.”


 “Hehe.”


 “This world is too big, while we are too small.”


 “When I was a child, I wanted to be a grand hero, like those legendary figures of the righteous path. When I was a youngster, I wanted to be a clan leader. When I was an adult, I was satisfied with becoming a clan elder. When I was a middle aged man, I was exiled from the clan, I felt that I could live by myself just as well, I was satisfied with just raising my Gu worms and myself.”


 “Do you know what I want now?”


 Fang Yuan wept softly: “What?”


 “I just want to quietly lie down inside a quiet room and slowly recall the past, until death comes to take me.” Gu Master Big Beard had a self-mocking expression.


 “Then, then should I leave?” Fang Yuan did not know what to do.


 “Leave. Let me be here alone, I don’t want others to see my dying appearance.” Gu Master Big Beard said.


 Fang Yuan slowly stood up and hesitantly walked to the door.


 At this time, Gu Master Big Beard spoke once again: “You must have read >. There is a chapter which tells the story of the miniman walking out of Ordinary Abyss.”


 “We are all minimen, and we all want to walk out of Ordinary Abyss.”


 “Oh...”


 “You must continue on, Fang Yuan.”


 “Continue living, continue persevering.”


 “It is a pity that all my Gu were destroyed in the battle. This is my advice to you, my only gift. To us minor characters, crying is of no use, no one will hear us even if we shout, we can only persevere by ourselves.”


 “Persevere until you accomplish great feats, become extraordinary. Either that, or embrace death.”



***
Chapter 1266 - I love him!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Did we win?” Zhao Lian Yun had to use quite some effort to climb out of the blood pool.


 Her injuries were severe, and she was blacking out.


 Fortunately, Zhao Pu was already dead, and the blood drain immortal killer move on Zhao Lian Yun and Yu Yi Ye Zi also dissipated.


 If it did not dissipate, Zhao Lian Yun and Yu Yi Ye Zi would undoubtedly follow Zhao Pu to death.


 Huff, huff...


 On the other side, Yu Yi Ye Zi was breathing roughly, standing up while leaning on the wall.


 When he saw Zhao Lian Yun, this young Gu Immortal was dazed and turned pale: “Lian... Fairy Lian Yun... your face... no... your body...”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi’s eyes were wide open, and he stuttered, not knowing how to express himself.


 Zhao Lian Yun felt strange, transmitting her voice: “What’s wrong with me?”


 She lowered her head to look at herself, the first thing she saw were her hands.


 A pair of old and skinny hands.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart gave a jolt as she found she had unknowingly become an elderly woman!


 Her back was bent, wrinkles covered her body, her sight was blurry and her hair had turned white.


 “What’s happening?” Zhao Lian Yun was shocked.


 She grabbed her hair, easily pulling out strands of white hair. Her strong hair roots had degraded and become loose.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi spoke with a heavy voice: “It is probably love Gu. Love Gu consumed your lifespan to burst out with the terrifying power that could directly kill Zhao Pu!”


 “Is that so?” Zhao Lian Yun was dazed and at a loss.


 Anyone who turned from the prime of their youth to an old and frail person the next moment, would definitely receive a huge shock in their mind.


 “Yes.” Yu Yi Ye Zi nodded, and consoled, “But you don’t have to worry, you can restore your youth by using lifespan Gu. Normal Gu Immortals might not be able to gather lifespan Gu, but you are different, you are the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, the sect will definitely provide you lifespan Gu.”


 Zhao Lian Yun did not reply.


 She was feeling complicated emotions. Shock, disappointment, disbelief, dazedness.


 She was an otherworldly demon, but even before transmigrating, she had not experienced becoming this old.


 After a while of silence, Zhao Lian Yun finally recovered from the shock.


 “I will continue going forward!”


 “Old age doesn’t matter, Hong Yun is still waiting for me.”


 Zhao Lian Yun gazed at the distant first snowy peak through the window, her gaze becoming resolute once more.


 “You cannot continue!!” Yu Yi Ye Zi was shocked, quickly walking over to Zhao Lian Yun and holding her arm.


 “Love Immortal Gu is powerful but it is not stable. Maybe it will take your lifespan the next time as well. If so, you will definitely die!” Yu Yi Ye Zi persuaded.


 “So what if I die?” The old Zhao Lian Yun looked at the young Yu Yi Ye Zi with a slight smile.


 Her smile was not even a little beautiful, but Yu Yi Ye Zi was dazed.


 Then, Zhao Lian Yun softly drew back her arm.


 She clearly did not use much strength, but Yu Yi Ye Zi felt a formless strength attacking his heart, letting him voluntarily release his hand.


 He then quietly stood on the spot, looking at Zhao Lian Yun’s hunched back, looking at her walking towards the outside of the hall with heavy and aged steps.


 This scene was ordinary and nothing strange, but Yu Yi Ye Zi felt an intense tremor in his heart.


 He even subconsciously held his breath, as Zhao Lian Yun’s weak receding figure imprinted deeply in him at this moment.


 “What kind of spirit is this!”


 “For her love, she is willing to make sacrifices, unafraid of death and destruction.”


 “Zhao Lian Yun, I would have definitely died in Zhao Pu’s hands without you.”


 “Alright, let me follow you, at worst, this life will be paid to you!”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was not old, he was still hot-blooded, and after firming up his mind, he quickly followed Zhao Lian Yun.


 There was not much immortal essence left in her phantom aperture, Zhao Lian Yun was also worried that recklessly summoning love Immortal Gu would spend what little remained of her lifespan. As such, she chose to walk down the peak.


 Under the effect of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, Zhao Lian Yun and Yu Yi Ye Zi separated, and she alone went to another snowy peak.


 There was still a large hall at the peak, and the atmosphere was quiet.


 “There was a battle here!” Zhao Lian Yun slowly walked to the hall, finding the inside of the hall in ruins, signs of an intense battle were everywhere.


 “Fairy Lian Yun?” A voice suddenly transmitted to Zhao Lian Yun’s ears.


 Zhao Lian Yun was slightly dazed, before shortly recognizing the voice as that water path Gu Immortal, Mu Ling Lan’s voice.


 “This is the eighth peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land, I fought with the owner of this peak, Xiao Fei Fei, and now, we are both wounded.”


 “We are both hiding right now, healing our injuries as quickly as possible.”


 “You need to be careful, don’t be hit by her ability. She has an immortal killer move which can cause the target to continuously lose their memories.”


 Just as he finished speaking, a ray of strange light flew and struck Zhao Lian Yun’s forehead.


 “No!” Mu Ling Lan quickly called out, “Every time you lose your memory, the related memory will float in your mind. Use Immortal Gu to defend yourself, don’t use any immortal killer moves, that would be even more dangerous. If you forget an immortal killer move by any chance, you will suffer the backlash from the immortal killer move. Persevere, wait until I heal my injuries and recover some strength to fight!”


 Zhao Lian Yun quickly agreed.


 She hid in a corner and used Immortal Gu to protect herself, then waited for the killer move to activate.


 “Damn it!” Zhao Lian Yun gradually felt unease. She knew her situation, she had just recently become a Gu Immortal, most of her battles came from during her training time. It would be an extremely huge blow to her if the memories of this period were erased.


 Memories began to surface in her mind...


 Northern Plains.


 Ma tribe was defeated, and surrendered to Hei tribe.


 “I didn’t think we could still live, Lady Xiao Yun!” Ma Hong Yun held Zhao Lian Yun’s hands and spun round and round on the spot, “Hahaha.”


 “Let me down, you big fool!” Zhao Lian Yun shouted.


 ...


 Imperial Court blessed land.


 “You, kid, are truly lucky, you actually became Chang tribe’s son-in-law, hahaha.” Zhao Lian Yun patted Ma Hong Yun’s shoulder.


 Ma Hong Yun chuckled while scratching his hair: “Lady Xiao Yun, don’t worry, you have helped me so much, I will treat you well.”


 Zhao Lian Yun gave a sound of acknowledgement and nodded: “Then I will rely on you.”


 Inside, however, she felt strange: Why do I have some feelings of loss and bitterness?


 ...


 Inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “To think that you are an otherworldly demon! You are actually lurking by Ma Hong Yun’s side! Hehehe, you have such guts, you are really daring. Unfortunately... you met me.” Giant Sun’s will exuded strong killing intent.


 Zhao Lian Yun felt like she had fallen in an ice cave, shouting in her mind: “Damn it, there is still such an obstacle? Transmigrators are otherworldly demons? This world is too big of a trap! Oh no, my death is certain this time!! I am actually going to die here?”


 But the next moment, Ma Hong Yun stood in front of Zhao Lian Yun.


 He spread open his arms, protecting Zhao Lian Yun behind him.


 “Boy, you want to protect an otherworldly demon?” Giant Sun’s will sharpened his tone, his expression becoming ice-cold.


 “What otherworldly demon! I don’t know any otherworldly demon, I only know she is Lady Xiao Yun, without her help, I would likely have been killed already.” Ma Hong Yun tried his best to defend Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s pupils shrunk as she looked at Ma Hong Yun in a daze.


 “Even against Giant Sun’s will, this fellow will still stand up for me?”


 “Why?”


 “I am clearly an otherworldly demon, and not a person of this world!”


 “You idiot, you are going to die. By protecting me, you are offending Giant Sun’s will, that is your ancestor, you idiot!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze towards Zhao Lian Yun started showing killing intent.


 “No, Lady Xiao Yun is innocent, you must not harm her!” Ma Hong Yun was extremely determined, he wholeheartedly wanted to protect Zhao Lian Yun.


 However, Giant Sun’s special will did not care about Ma Hong Yun, directly making a move against Zhao Lian Yun.


 “No——!” Ma Hong Yun saw the situation going south, he called out in a moment of desperation, extending both his arms and hugging Zhao Lian Yun within his bosom.


 During this moment.


 Time seemed to have become endlessly slow.


 Zhao Lian Yun was curled up in Ma Hong Yun’s chest, her heart beginning to beat wildly.


 An unprecedented feeling of safety and warmth filled her heart.


 Following that came a kind of panic.


 This panic was not towards her life hanging by a thread, instead it was a strange feeling that came from the depths of her heart.


 Zhao Lian Yun found at this moment that she had hopelessly fallen in love with the stupid Ma Hong Yun.


 In this world, there could be guys who would watch the stars with her, accompany her to shout at the valley, heal her and give her flowers. But who would sacrifice their life for her?!


 In this world, otherworldly demons were despised by even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, who would be so stupid to protect her?


 Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun!


 ...


 The memories surfaced one by one in Zhao Lian Yun’s mind.


 Then, they started to disappear one by one.


 “No, stop it!” Tears filled Zhao Lian Yun’s face as she called out with incomparable sorrow.


 Xiao Fei Fei’s voice transmitted: “Hehehe, when you are struck by my immortal killer move, you will lose your most precious memories. Do you feel pain? It doesn’t matter, the more you forget, the more relaxed you will be, maybe you will even smile. Hehehe....”


 The memories disappeared, a smile suddenly appeared on Zhao Lian Yun’s face.


 “Don’t smile. This is Xiao Fei Fei’s famous sinister killer move, it will kill people while they smile. The longer you smile, the more easily you will lose your life.” Mu Ling Lan quickly transmitted his voice to warn her.


 However, Zhao Lian Yun seemed to have turned silly, as her smile became increasingly wider.


 “Damn it!” Mu Ling Lan knew he had to take action.


 He unleashed his killer move after a long period of preparation, creating an incredible effect!


 “Ahh! You actually...” Xiao Fei Fei had exposed her location while attacking Zhao Lian Yun, and was struck by the fatal move while unprepared, losing her life miserably.


 “Fairy Lian Yun, you need to persevere!” Mu Ling Lan quickly rushed over and helped Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun still had a smile on her face, but she was no longer in a daze.


 Two streams of translucent tears dripped down her face from her eyes.


 Her eyes were blurry from age and her hair had turned white, she could only use Gu worms to transmit her voice.


 “What should I do?”


 “I have forgotten almost everything about him, even his appearance.”


 “I only remember his name.”


 “I only remember....”


 “That I love him.”



***
Chapter 1267 - Central Continent’s Reinforcements


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Snowy Mountain blessed land, first snowy peak.


 “Once more.” Lady Wan Shou approached Ma Hong Yun step by step, holding a ball of lightning in her hand.


 “Go ahead.” Ma Hong Yun nonchalantly rolled his eyes.


 Lady Wan Shou snorted, throwing the ball to Ma Hong Yun’s chest.


 Crackle crackle crackle!


 Lightning sparkled all over Ma Hong Yun’s body, Ma Hong Yun was clenching his teeth, actually maintaining his consciousness amidst the lightning assault.


 When the lightning assault ended, Ma Hong Yun did not faint, but was sweating all over, with a flushed face.


 “I failed again!” Lady Wan Shou could not believe it: “What is going on? Something is not right!”


 She had already failed who knows how many times in trying to lightning refine Ma Hong Yun.


 Even though the success rate of rank eight Immortal Gu was extremely low, there was no reason for being stuck at this one juncture from the start.


 Lady Wan Shou felt like vomiting blood.


 Especially when she saw that Ma Hong Yun had already advanced to rank five peak stage, moreover, because of the repeated lightning refinement failures, many lightning path dao marks were engraved on his body.


 If Ma Hong Yun cultivated lightning path, these dao marks would no doubt give him tremendous help.


 “Aren’t you tired of always doing this? How about changing to another method, even I am bored.” Ma Hong Yun knew his death was certain, so he no longer cared at this point, making fun of Lady Wan Shou.


 Lady Wan Shou’s eyes shot out cold light that shone on Ma Hong Yun, an incomparable pain immediately attacked his body and mind.


 He no longer had the content expression, as he raised his head and cried out miserably, his whole body twitching non-stop.


 Lady Wan Shou silently listened to Ma Hong Yun’s screams, but the cold light from her eyes did not stop flickering.


 Ma Hong Yun yelled himself hoarse, finally, his eyes rolled back and he fainted.


 Lady Wan Shou gave a cold snort, the cold light from her eyes gradually dissipated and revealed her thoughtful expression.


 ....


 “Zhao Lian Yun is already close to dying.”


 “The number of times love Immortal Gu can show its might has become limited.”


 “It seems Lady Wan Shou has also noticed something.”


 Far away in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, South Desolation Immortal was well aware of the situation in Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Right now, he was also somewhat impatient.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had still not appeared, what on earth were they planning?


 “Capturing love Immortal Gu was preparation Ancestor Giant Sun made in the past, we, his descendants, shall complete this perfectly.”


 “Black Extremity, prepare to move!”


 South Desolation Immortal sent his command to Longevity Heaven through information path methods.


 In Longevity Heaven, the Eight Extremities were still controlling Calamity Luck Altar and besieging Five Elements Grandmaster.


 As they heard the command, two rank seven Gu Immortals immediately separated from the formation, Black Extremity and Flood Extremity.


 “We shall go now.” Black Extremity said to the others.


 “Come back quickly.” Heaven Extremity did not dare to split too much of his attention, without two rank seven Gu Immortals, they were even more helpless against Five Elements Grandmaster, and could only maintain the current situation while they waited for Black Extremity and Flood Extremity to return.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “Everything is going according to plan, if this continues, love Immortal Gu and Ma Hong Yun will return to Longevity Heaven. Central Continent Gu Immortals, if you still don’t make a move, it will be too late.” South Desolation Immortal thought to himself.


 Rumble!


 A loud sound was heard.


 The entirety of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace shook violently and was actually forced to reveal itself.


 “Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace! So all of it was your doing!!”


 “Destroy this Heavenly Palace, take revenge for our companions!”


 Two Immortal Gu Houses were floating in front of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 One was giving off sounds of hundreds of canaries singing together, extremely agile, it was Canary Pavilion. The other was surrounded by strong winds and stood lofty and tall, it was Wind Sweeping Building!


 The two Immortal Gu Houses had imposing air, but cracks could be seen on both of them, clearly, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had to pay a huge price to get out from the spaceless tunnel.


 “Hmph, all of you finally appeared?!” South Desolation Immortal gave a cold snort as he quickly controlled Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace to defend themselves.


 The two Immortal Gu Houses from Central Continent pincer attacked Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace from in front and behind.


 Although there was Giant Sun immortal zombie inside Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, he showed no intention of making a move. He had been sitting here for countless years, only retaining enough strength to make one attack, it was to repay a debt to someone.


 Right now, even though Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was being attacked, he was still sitting cross-legged at the center of the palace, aloof and indifferent.


 Soon, sweat started forming on South Desolation Immortal’s forehead.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was strong, but it had one big weakness, it had to stay at this place and could not be moved. The moment it moved, even if it was just a hairsbreadth of distance, it would destroy its three hundred thousand years of effort.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace had spent three hundred thousand years before it was able to influence black heaven and white heaven above Northern Plains. The moment it moved, this effort will be wasted and it would no longer be able to influence black and white heaven.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was like a huge defensive umbrella that firmly protected Northern Plains. This was the arrangement Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind for his descendants.


 How could South Desolation Immortal destroy Ancestor Giant Sun’s motives just because he was being attacked? He could only choose to face the attacks head-on.


 Central Continent’s side had come prepared as they erupted in explosive offenses, actually gaining the upper hand against Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “Yao Huang, come help me in controlling this Immortal Gu House and fight off the enemies!” South Desolation Immortal spoke.


 Yao Huang quickly agreed and moved to help.


 With a second rank eight Gu Immortal controlling the Immortal Gu House, there was an immediate effect.


 The battle situation stabilized.


 South Desolation Immortal’s expression was filled with doubts: “Strange, why did these Central Continent Gu Immortals’ attacks suddenly fall off? Also, they seem to have met with an accident in the spaceless tunnel. I remember there were clearly three Immortal Gu Houses, where is that strongest one, Edge Link Camp? Was it destroyed in the spaceless tunnel?”


 But at the next moment, South Desolation Immortal’s eyes opened wide as he received the latest information.


 “Edge Link Camp has appeared above Snowy Mountain blessed land!”


 Longevity Heaven had already infiltrated Snowy Mountain blessed land, thus South Desolation Immortal was extremely clear of the situation in Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Boom!


 A huge explosion resounded, and a continuous and intense tremor spread.


 The twelve snowy peaks of Snowy Mountain blessed land were all shaking violently.


 Immortal Gu House Edge Link Camp’s power was extremely high, after all, this Immortal Gu House had two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 One was Wei Ling Yang, the other was Bi Chen Tian.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon was controlling Wind Sweeping Building while also using Canary Pavilion, restricting Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Edge Link Camp had great might, even if it was in Snowy Mountain blessed land, it was contending with the power of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, firmly floating in the air like a nail.


 “We are saved!”


 “Reinforcements have come!!”


 “Why is there only Edge Link Camp, what about the other two?”


 The five Central Continent Gu Immortals who were at different snowy peaks, simultaneously raised their heads and looked at Edge Link Camp, their spirits greatly lifted.


 Edge Link Camp also discovered these five Gu Immortals, especially Zhao Lian Yun who had love Immortal Gu.


 Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian naturally wanted to save them, however, the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation was not for show, Edge Link Camp tried to charge down but was met with a very strong formless force.


 “The super Gu formation here is not simple, it actually uses Reverse Flow River!”


 “Reverse Flow River is actually in Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands? But this Gu formation relies on Snowy Mountain blessed land, it is rooted to the blessed land. We cannot deal with the Gu formation, but we can destroy Snowy Mountain blessed land, thus destroying its roots. This Gu formation would then collapse by itself.”


 Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian discussed for a moment before deciding on the plan.


 Boom boom boom...


 Edge Link Camp let out fierce offense, giant horn shadows continuously bombarded at various areas of Snowy Mountain blessed land, causing extremely huge quakes.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land turned into an apocalyptic scene.


 Avalanches took place at all the snowy peaks, huge rifts opened on the ground, and countless birds and animals fled in panic.


 “Husband.” Lady Wan Shou had stopped Gu refinement for the moment. She was standing beside Old Ancestor Xue Hu with a worried expression.


 “Dear, if we let this Immortal Gu House continue to attack, Snowy Mountain blessed land will be destroyed sooner or later. At that time, this refinement path Gu formation will also be destroyed. But you can relax, what can a mere Immortal Gu House do to me? Let me teach these meddlesome Central Continent Gu Immortals and make them have no way back!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed loudly, as he boldly charged towards Edge Link Camp.


 Both sides fought an intense battle in the air.


 Edge Link Camp, which was being controlled by two Central Continent’s rank eights, was actually suppressed, unable to obtain an advantage.



***
Chapter 1268 - Shadows in Snowy Mountain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu displayed the power that belonged to the strongest of Northern Plains!


 In possession of such vast might that shook heaven and earth. His great power would drive off deities and scare off ghosts!


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu is indeed worthy of being called the strongest of Northern Plains!” Bi Chen Tian was not arrogant.


 These experts were beyond ordinary. With just a few exchanges of moves, Bi Chen Tian knew he was not Xue Hu’s match!


 Edge Link Camp was shaking continuously and even looked like it could not bear Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s tyrannical offense.


 “Unfortunately, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, you are only one person, while we have two rank eight Gu Immortals.” Wei Ling Yang sneered, and said to Bi Chen Tian, “I will leave the Immortal Gu House to you.”


 Bi Chen Tian transmitted his voice in reply: “You can rest assured, I can hold on! If something is wrong, I will call you back.”


 Wei Ling Yang used his methods to quietly fly out of Edge Link Camp.


 He naturally could not resist the strength of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation by himself, but right now, most of the formation’s power was being used to protect Snowy Mountain blessed land, so the pressure on Wei Ling Yang had decreased, and he was confident he could use his methods to go to each snowy peak.


 Because he was a rule path Gu Immortal.


 Rule path possessed a huge advantage in this aspect.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was stronger than Wei Ling Yang, but he could not compare in this aspect.


 However, Wei Ling Yang had only sneaked half the distance, when he was discovered by Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s powerful investigative killer move.


 “Where are you going?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu furiously shouted, as he waved his hand.


 Immediately, a boundless blizzard rose up from thin air, heaven and earth changed colors, all living beings went silent, Wei Ling Yang was immediately overwhelmed.


 Wei Ling Yang was not discouraged by being obstructed, he constantly changed his directions to break through Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s obstruction, and with Bi Chen Tian’s cooperation, it was a very good tactic of distraction!


 Lady Wan Shou was breaking out in cold sweat, she did not have any mood to refine currently and was concentrating on this crucial battle.


 If Old Ancestor Xue Hu won, everything would be safe, any danger would also take a turn for the better.


 If Old Ancestor Xue Hu lost, then everything was lost, all their efforts would burst like a bubble.


 Although Old Ancestor Xue Hu had high battle strength, the other side had two rank eight Gu Immortals and an Immortal Gu House, Edge Link Camp. On the contrary, the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation was of limited help to a rank eight Gu Immortal like Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Wei Ling Yang wanted to pincer attack, which no doubt attracted a lot of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s attention, causing the latter to find it hard to use his full strength.


 “If one of the rank eight Gu Immortals attacks the snowy peaks, the consequences will be unimaginable!” Lady Wan Shou was filled with worries.


 Right now, Snowy Mountain blessed land was already in danger that threatened its very existence!


 “Lady Wan Shou, I have an idea which can let you resolve this danger.” Right at this time, a message arrived in Lady Wan Shou’s immortal aperture.


 “This is?!” Lady Wan Shou was greatly shocked.


 Because the Gu worm that had transmitted the message was one which Lady Wan Shou had all along kept in her immortal aperture and never used.


 Many years ago, not long after Lady Wan Shou had underwent immortal ascension.


 Inside a cave.


 “Senior, so you were already here, this junior will leave, I don’t dare disturb senior from taking this true inheritance.” Lady Wan Shou’s heart palpitated at the surging aura released by this mysterious Gu Immortal.


 But who knew this mysterious Gu Immortal would suddenly say: “Little girl, you could become a Gu Immortal at such a young age, and also know your own limits, knowing when to retreat or advance, quite good. I don’t have the qualifications to take this true inheritance. I am willing to give this true inheritance to you, but, after you inherit it, you need to tell its contents to me. You will also owe me a favor, if there is a situation in the future, you must help the person who uses this information path Gu worm.”


 Lady Wan Shou considered for just a moment before agreeing.


 She actually had no other choice.


 Because if she did not agree, she probably could not leave this place alive with her cultivation level.


 If so, it was better to take a bet on this!


 “Good. Come, we shall set the agreement.” The mysterious Gu Immortal smiled brightly while stroking his beard.


 ...


 This scene of the past quickly flashed in Lady Wan Shou’s mind.


 She immediately replied: “May I ask if you also have interest in fortune rivalling heaven Gu?”


 That Gu worm quickly transmitted the reply: “Haha, Lady Wan Shou, it seems you have genuine feelings towards Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Rest assured, we don’t have any ill intention towards you, we only need you to refine a Gu material. If you can do this, we will help you and your husband to force back these Central Continent experts.”


 “Then I shall welcome you, honored guests.” Lady Wan Shou nodded after a bit of pondering.


 After a while, a group of four Gu Immortals appeared before Lady Wan Shou.


 They were Ying Wu Xie and the others!


 “Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng!” Lady Wan Shou immediately recognized two of them.


 The destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had caused the culprits to be hunted everywhere, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had become ‘famous’ together with Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Lady Wan Shou was very surprised to see these two great culprits.


 After all, previously, such a huge super force like Hei tribe had taken the blame for Hei Lou Lan, and was besieged by various Huang Jin tribes, before being annexed by Bai Zu tribe in the end.


 As for Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie, Lady Wan Shou naturally did not recognize them.


 However, what made her even more surprised was that the leader of these four Gu Immortals was the weakest strength path immortal zombie, Ying Wu Xie.


 “Distinguished guests, I wonder how you can help us repel the enemies?” Lady Wan Shou asked.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled brightly, and spoke with assurance: “Lady Wan Shou, I know Old Ancestor Xue Hu had invited people to remove the alliance agreement on you from back then. But we indeed came with no ill intent, we both have mutual enemies, these Gu Immortals of Central Continent. We are the best allies you can have.”


 “At this moment, you let us in, it meant that you still acknowledge the favor from back then and that you realize the dangerous situation you are in. But as long as you help us refine an immortal material first, everything can be solved easily.”


 “What immortal material, take it out.” Lady Wan Shou extended her hands.


 However, Ying Wu Xie shook his head, giving a bitter smile: “This immortal material is inside your immortal aperture, Lady Wan Shou.”


 “Oh?”


 “It is that purple gold rock which Old Ancestor Xue Hu took from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s graveyard in the past.” Ying Wu Xie replied.


 Lady Wan Shou’s pupils shrunk slightly, letting out wisps of sharp light as she took out an immortal material: “This?”


 The four immortals looked at it, this rock was only the size of a palm and was shining in purple-gold light.


 Ying Wu Xie heaved a sigh: “Yes, it is this rock.”


 “So you are members of Shadow Sect.” Lady Wan Shou exposed the identity of Ying Wu Xie and the group.


 Ying Wu Xie was not surprised, admitting frankly: “Fairy, you have great knowledge, I will trouble you.”


 Lady Wan Shou nodded.


 As such, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were indeed enemies of her and these Shadow Sect Gu Immortals.


 As the common saying went, the enemy of an enemy is a friend.


 Also!


 Lady Wan Shou glanced at the battle in the air, before turning her gaze to this purple gold rock: “What kind of immortal material is this? I was not able to identify it and even others did not know. I won’t hide it from you, I have already tried to refine this purple gold rock, but I had no results.”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled brightly, his tone carrying some pride: “That is because this is a special method of my Shadow Sect, Lady Wan Shou, you don’t know the correct procedures and methods, I will teach you, you just need to follow them and you will succeed.”


 ....


 An ancient sword dragon was flying above the clouds as it finally arrived at Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 From the outside world, the scenes inside Snowy Mountain blessed land could not be seen.


 Life and death battles were going on in the blessed land, storms and lightning razed the battlefield, but in the outside world, it was sunny and peaceful.


 “They entered Snowy Mountain blessed land? Strange!”


 Fang Yuan could not help but have some doubts.


 He knew Old Ancestor Xue Hu had turned Snowy Mountain blessed land into a danger zone, to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others actually entered it?


 Was this true or an illusion?


 Would it be like that time in Eastern Sea when Ying Wu Xie and the others made arrangements in the Gu formation, creating a facade and deceiving Fang Yuan’s qi luck sensation?


 But if it was true...


 It signified too many things!


 Fang Yuan hesitated.


 He had the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but it was not wise to rashly charge in.


 He decided to not to charge in for the moment, and simply wait and see.



***
Chapter 1269 - Rank Eight Miniman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Xue Hu, take this!” Wei Ling Yang softly pointed his right hand towards Old Ancestor Xue Hu, immediately, a grand beam of light shot towards Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu gave a light snort as he waved his hand, a large wall of ice appeared and blocked the beam of light easily.


 Next, Old Ancestor Xue Hu breathed out cold air which flew towards Wei Ling Yang, resembling spiralling hatchets.


 Wei Ling Yang’s expression immediately changed.


 These spiralling ice hatchets were extremely difficult to deal with, he had already suffered from them, the main thing was, he did not have restrictive methods against them.


 Helplessly, Wei Ling Yang could only fly back into Edge Link Camp, and use the powerful defensive ability of Edge Link Camp to protect himself.


 Boom boom boom.


 A series of soft sounds echoed as the ice hatchets followed Wei Ling Yang, and smashed into Edge Link Camp.


 Edge Link Camp shook intensely, large amounts of cold air spread over it, instantly freezing many of its mortal Gu to death.


 “Quick, repair the Immortal Gu House!”


 “Someone is injured, heal them quickly.”


 “Activate the Immortal Gu House, use offense as defense!!”


 The Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu House were agitated.


 Wei Ling Yang was breathing roughly, his right hand had frozen completely, who knew when it happened.


 “When was I hit?” Even Wei Ling Yang himself was surprised at the condition of his right hand.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s methods were endless, even when they were not very powerful, they were sinister and insidious, making people unable to defend effectively.


 Wei Ling Yang had been struck by Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s move unknowingly, and was injured.


 He tried several methods, but the condition of his right hand showed no signs of improving.


 “This injury is so troublesome...” Bi Chen Tian breathed sharply.


 “It is not a big problem, I only need to seal my right hand for the moment. I am now worried about Myriad Tidal Dragon’s end. He is controlling two Immortal Gu Houses and also has the help of most of the Gu Immortals that came in this expedition, but what he is facing is Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace as well as Longevity Heaven! We must rescue Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun quickly, and join up with Myriad Tidal Dragon, then retreat to Central Continent!”


 Wei Ling Yang’s gaze flickered continuously.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals naturally had come prepared, although they met with an accident in the spaceless tunnel, Central Continent’s accumulation was more than enough, when these Gu Immortals reacted, they quickly and smoothly escaped the danger.


 But the current situation was extremely unfavorable to them!


 It was already difficult to deal with Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace. Now that they had split their forces, the decision maker, Wei Ling Yang, was facing great mental pressure.


 Rumble!


 Thunderous explosions occurred endlessly, Edge Link Camp was shaking continuously and was losing ground.


 Central Continent’s two rank eight Gu Immortals were elites among rank eights and were qualified to be members of Heavenly Court, they were naturally very powerful.


 However, Northern Plains excelled in battle strength among the five regions, and Old Ancestor Xue Hu was the strongest expert among the rank eights of the current Northern Plains.


 Right now, he displayed such astonishing offense that Central Continent’s side was not able to gain the upper hand since the moment they had started fighting him!


 “This won’t do! Treat your injuries and control the Immortal Gu House. I will go distract Old Ancestor Xue Hu!” Bi Chen Tian said through clenched teeth.


 “You must be careful.” Wei Ling Yang said to Bi Chen Tian with concern in his voice, as he knew his injuries had yet to recover.


 Bi Chen Tian flew out of Edge Link Camp and quickly used his immortal killer move, turning into a green ray of light, and flying down towards the snowy peaks.


 Bi Chen Tian intended to destroy the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


 With its destruction, Edge Link Camp would not be obstructed and could dive down without resistance, directly saving Zhao Lian Yun and perhaps Ma Hong Yun as well.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu might be powerful, but he would not be able to block Edge Link Camp’s charge.


 “Stop daydreaming.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu had already seen through Central Continent’s tactics, he activated his immortal killer move, immediately, endless hailstones fell down from the sky.


 Each of these hailstones was enormous, the size of a mound. They crashed down with loud sounds, and started turning into snow monsters.


 These snow monsters were of at least desolate beast level and among them were ancient desolate beast snow monsters as well.


 They stood on the snowy peaks and roared towards the sky.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu suddenly took in a deep breath, two lumps of cold air, so deeply blue that they were to the point of being black, were forming in his breath.


 The cold air was emitted, giving rise to a powerful blizzard. The snow monsters were like fish in water in the blizzard, they were even able to soar with the help of the blizzard. Bi Chen Tian, however, was greatly restricted.


 “So powerful!”


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu knows he cannot use battlefield killer moves inside the Gu formation, so he actually disassembled his signature battlefield killer move. His ice and snow path attainment is probably already at great grandmaster level!”


 Whether it be Bi Chen Tian or Wei Ling Yang, they were both shocked at this scene.


 At great grandmaster level, every killer move could be casually disassembled and interchanged at will, their understanding towards the path was already close to the Dao.


 “But, what if you add me?” Wei Ling Yang sneered, the next moment, he also charged out of Edge Link Camp, towards the Gu formation.


 The injury on his right had already healed completely.


 He clearly had very high attainment in the healing aspect.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s expression slightly changed.


 Facing two rank eight Gu Immortals at once, along with an Immortal Gu House, he clearly appeared to be stretched thin and had slightly lost his control over the battle situation.


 After all, he was unable to destroy the Immortal Gu House for the moment, and the two rank eight Gu Immortals were also experts, most importantly, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had to protect the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


 Rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals could not break this formation, but rank eight Gu Immortals were different.


 Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang were attacking the enemy’s weak points, gradually turning around their situation and gaining slight initiative. Immortal Gu House Edge Link Camp was controlled by a group of rank seven Gu Immortals and was like a turtle shell in defense, not seeking glory on the battlefield but content with not showing flaws, not allowing Old Ancestor Xue Hu to make a fatal move for some time.


 Boom boom boom.


 Every now and then, the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation shook and emitted buzzing sounds.


 This was the result of a small portion of attacks from Bi Chen Tian or Wei Ling Yang that had escaped Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s obstruction, striking Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 “Amazing!”


 “Hang in there, lords and our comrades of Central Continent!”


 Zhao Lian Yun and the group no longer needed to take a risk, they were standing at the top of their respective snowy peaks, and gazing at the battle above.


 Similarly, the surviving snowy peak lords were also gazing at the sky.


 Their faces were filled with worry.


 “The is the power of rank eight Gu Immortals... It is truly astonishing and terrifying!”


 “Because of this formation, the aftereffects of the battle have not spread, otherwise we would have died miserably.”


 “Lord Xue Hu is strong, but the Central Continent invaders are extremely crafty. If this goes on, the formation will be destroyed sooner or later...”


 And, on the first snowy peak of Snowy Mountain, the refinement of the purple gold rock immortal material had reached its final stage.


 “I didn’t expect that I had to use enshrouding fragrance to dissolve the purple gold rock.” Lady Wan Shou’s horizons had broadened at this moment.


 Enshrouding fragrance was also an immortal material.


 Using immortal material to refine immortal material, this method was rarely seen, and Lady Wan Shou also found that the essence of this method was food path!


 Food path was rare, no wonder Lady Wan Shou had no ideas on how to deal with this purple gold rock.


 The last layer of the rock surface was dissolved, and a dazzling purple light soared to the skies, forcing everyone to look away.


 Lady Wan Shou narrowed her eyes to a slit, and was barely able to see a figure in the purple light.


 This figure was very small, only about the size of an adult’s thumb, and it had two thin purple wings on its back.


 “Miniman?” Lady Wan Shou was slightly stunned as she recognized this figure’s race.


 Bathed in the purple light, the miniman slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were a bright and deep purple color.


 As he opened his eyes, a powerful aura leaked out of him.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal!


 In an instant, this aura caused the fierce battle in the air to slow down.


 “Why is there another rank eight Gu Immortal? And it... is the aura of Northern Plains!” Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang looked at each other, both feeling the situation going awry.


 “We pay respects to Lord Purple!” Ying Wu Xie had already brought the Gu Immortals with him, to bow towards this rank eight miniman.


 Only Bai Ning Bing was still standing upright.


 “I have woken up again. Hmm...” The miniman Gu Immortal blinked his eyes, the expression of confusion quickly disappeared from his face, replaced by a cold and indifferent expression.



***
Chapter 1270 - Sub and Main Fate Reversing Sacrificial Refinement Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The miniman Gu Immortal thought briefly before using an immortal killer move, calling out: “Big, big, big.”


 Thus, his body rapidly expanded like a balloon, soon, he reached a normal human size.


 Furthermore, the wings on his back vanished as well, on the outside, he looked just like a normal human.


 Right now, the Gu Immortals present could finally see the appearance of this mysterious rank eight Gu Immortal.


 He was an unimpressive old man, even looking a little dishevelled. His only special feature was his purple hair, so messy that he resembled a beggar.


 Plop.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had tears flowing down his face, he knelt down as he shook in excitement, shouting: “Master!”


 “Oh? It is you, I remember I gave you a time path true inheritance.” The rank eight Gu Immortal smiled, exposing his uneven yellow teeth.


 “Even though our sect’s plan succeeded, many unexpected mishaps occurred. This was what happened...” Fighting against time, Ying Wu Xie went forward and transmitted many wills and thoughts to the purple haired old man.


 In a moment, the purple haired old man understood everything.


 “It was a pity, heaven’s will won by a margin.”


 “But all hope is not lost.”


 “Ying Wu Xie, you did well, it has been hard on you.”


 “And Tai Bai Yun Sheng, stand up.”


 “Now, while I am still conscious, we will join with Xue Hu and take down these Central Continent Gu Immortals!”


 The situation was dire, the purple haired old man noticed that the rank eight Gu Immortals were the key to this battle.


 He did not hesitate, his body turned into a purple light as he flew into the sky, in a moment, he stood beside Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 “Friend, your name is?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was not surprised, Lady Wan Shou had already used a Gu worm to inform him about everything that happened regarding the group from Shadow Sect.


 With the help of the mysterious expert, Old Ancestor Xue Hu felt very excited.


 “I have many names, but...” The purple haired old man said this and showed a smile with deep meaning: “Xue Hu, you may call me Purple Mountain True Monarch.”


 At this point, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch collaborated, dealing with the two rank eights from Central Continent, as well as Edge Link Camp.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had incredible strength, even though he only attacked sparsely, each of his attacks were extremely effective in turning the situation around.


 Any ordinary rank eight could already help Old Ancestor Xue Hu turn this around. Not to mention the mysterious and unfathomable Purple Mountain True Monarch!


 Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian fought desperately, they exerted all their efforts, but they could not stop the situation from tilting towards Northern Plains’ favor.


 After more than ten rounds of fighting, they were forced to return to Edge Link Camp, they could not defend against Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch personally.


 The peak lords saw this and cheered loudly.


 Without Central Continent’s Gu Immortals attacking the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, the result of this battle was obvious.


 Zhao Lian Yun and the other four Gu Immortals who were trapped in Snowy Mountain blessed land had pale expressions. The battle had turned for the worse, their hopes of survival were dwindling.


 What should they do?


 Outside Snowy Mountain blessed land, an ancient sword dragon was hiding among the clouds.


 “Shadow Sect actually has connections with Snowy Mountain...”


 “Then why did Qin Bai Sheng not request for Snowy Mountain’s help when he was fighting against Feng Jiu Ge in Luo Po Valley?”


 “Or perhaps their relationship is not as deep as I think.”


 Qi luck sensation was telling Fang Yuan that Ying Wu Xie and the rest were inside Snowy Mountain blessed land, they did not leave.


 Fang Yuan’s pursuit was obstructed, he was unwilling to give up, he was waiting outside, to see if there was a chance.


 And at a certain place a thousand li away, two Gu Immortals descended from the sky.


 They were none other than Longevity Heaven’s Black Extremity and Flood Extremity.


 “This is the place.” Black Extremity said as he used his Gu worms, causing a huge commotion.


 The small slope that was in front of them started to shine in rainbow light.


 Flood Extremity realized at once: “So you have set up a Gu formation at this place, you need me to control the Gu formation now?”


 Black Extremity shook his head: “Wait until we get inside.”


 He took a large step ahead, entering the Gu formation, as Flood Extremity followed behind.


 Once they were inside the Gu formation, Flood Extremity’s expression changed, he said in shock: “This Gu formation has a grand aura, as expected of your personal arrangement, Black Extremity, I can tell that once activated, it will have incredible strength. But...”


 Towards the end, Flood Extremity had a hesitant tone.


 “But what?” Black Extremity looked at him with much interest.


 Flood Extremity said in a profound tone: “But I feel that this formation is not complete, it is missing something. It is like a lake, there should be something connecting it to the sea.”


 Black Extremity heard this and his eyebrows rose, he praised and clapped: “As expected of a quasi-great grandmaster of water path, you are already proficient in comprehending other paths through your main path. That’s right! This Gu formation is just a sub formation, there is a corresponding main formation.”


 “Then where is the main formation?” Flood Extremity frowned.


 Before Black Extremity answered, he had an inspiration as he said in realization: “I understand! The main formation is the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation in Snowy Mountain blessed land!”


 “Indeed.” Black Extremity laughed: “I was tasked earlier to act as Sun Ming Lu and get near Lady Wan Shou. Eventually, I created the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation which used Reverse Flow River. Even though Old Ancestor Xue Hu is currently the strongest person in Northern Plains, he is not proficient in formation path, he could not tell that I had a backdoor.”


 “Right now, as long as I activate this sub formation, I can make the main formation in Snowy Mountain blessed land break apart, and draw the Reverse Flow River here.”


 “Once the Gu formation collapses, everyone and everything in the surrounding ten thousand li of Snowy Mountain blessed land would all be swept here.”


 Black Extremity said with an excited gaze.


 Flood Extremity was shocked: “In this case, wouldn’t those four rank eight great experts be sent here too?”


 Black Extremity shook his head: “Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it is not ordinary, it has an incredibly large number of dao marks. As long as one falls into Reverse Flow River, even rank eight great experts cannot use any Gu worms. In >, when Ren Zu traveled up the Reverse Flow River, he did not use any Gu worms within the river.”


 “Then wouldn’t they be meat on the chopping block for us?” Flood Extremity was excited.


 But Black Extremity shook his head: “We are outside Reverse Flow River, if we make any attacks, it will be reversed and reflect back at us. This is Reverse Flow River, the word reverse naturally has deep meaning.”


 Flood Extremity was confused: “In this case, how can we save Ma Hong Yun and capture Zhao Lian Yun?”


 “Hahaha.” Black Extremity laughed: “Did you forget that Reverse Flow River is still subjected to the influence of both my sub and main fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.”


 “When the main formation collapses, Reverse Flow River would flow towards us. By then, the order of everyone in Snowy Mountain blessed land would be arranged by me, Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun would be at the front of Reverse Flow River.”


 “Lady Wan Shou and the rest would be behind, while Central Continent’s Gu Immortals would be even further back, those rank eight Gu Immortals would be at the end.”


 “Incredible!” Flood Extremity said with shining eyes, he clapped: “This way, in order to escape from Lady Wan Shou and the rest, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun would desperately struggle and move forward, to pull ahead of the rest behind. But as long as they are ahead, we will be able to interact with them here and capture them alive.”


 “However...” Flood Extremity frowned: “If Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun are unable to persevere, would they be like Ren Zu and be washed away by the river? If that happens, they would fall behind the other Gu Immortals, wouldn’t it foil our plans?”


 Black Extremity smiled bitterly: “This is the biggest flaw in the plan. But traveling in Reverse Flow River has nothing to do with cultivation level or strength, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are not at a disadvantage.”


 “But this is not an assured result.” Flood Extremity was not satisfied with this.


 Black Extremity shrugged: “Then what do you want from a rank seven Gu Immortal like me? This is the best way already, after all, we are not plotting against two rank seven Gu Immortals, but the entirety of Snowy Mountain blessed land and Central Continent’s Gu Immortal experts, involving multiple rank eight great experts, a total of four at that!”


 Flood Extremity was speechless, he nodded helplessly, this was their limit indeed.


 In fact, it was already very impressive that Black Extremity could achieve this much.


 “Don’t worry, we are just part of the arrangements, Lord South Desolation has woken up, he definitely has other plans. We just need to do our part, that will suffice.” Black Extremity patted Flood Extremity’s shoulder in consolation.



***
Chapter 1271 - Implicating Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom boom boom!


 The silhouette of the giant horn shot around in the sky, sending out a barrage of attacks.


 Around Old Ancestor Xue Hu, frost energy was oozing, turning into blue icy cold frost that swept at Edge Link Camp in layers.


 The two Central Continent rank eights in Edge Link Camp were desperately gritting their teeth, the Gu Immortals behind them were trying to repair the Immortal Gu Houses, they were covered in sweat and had panicked expressions.


 Meanwhile, beside Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Purple Mountain True Monarch was covered in dazzling purple light, radiating in the entire Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Central Continent’s group was attacking Snowy Mountain, Purple Mountain True Monarch was tasked to defend it. This blessed land was the foundation of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, as long as they defended it, Central Continent would lose.


 “What should we do?” Bi Chen Tian had a frantic expression: “If this continues, not only will we fail to save Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, we will also lose this Immortal Gu House and our own lives!”


 Wei Ling Yang was the leader of this expedition, he had a grim expression.


 The situation was very disadvantageous for the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 It could even be said they were hopeless.


 According to the plans of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, they were split into two, one group would restrain Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, while the other would save Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, before they joined up and left Northern Plains together.


 But now, the group that went to Snowy Mountain blessed land was already close to defeat, and the other group was also waiting for their rescue.


 This was Northern Plains, not Central Continent.


 Three rank eights and three Immortal Gu Houses, along with a band of Gu Immortals, were still a relatively small number of people.


 Of course, this was also because the Northern Plains Gu Immortals were prepared. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s plan was not known to Central Continent.


 Central Continent struck with a powerful attack, according to the planning of this assault, there was a huge chance of success.


 But as the situation progressed, the targets of their sneak attack became strong foes, and with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arrangements, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals fell into this dangerous situation.


 Wei Ling Yang’s thoughts were churning rapidly.


 A moment later, he gritted his teeth and gave his orders, seemingly exerting his last bit of strength: “We will retreat!”


 Forget about Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun.


 After Purple Mountain True Monarch appeared, the situation went beyond Wei Ling Yang’s control.


 If this dragged on, Central Continent would suffer even greater losses!


 Wei Ling Yang decided to retreat back to black heaven, and join up with the other two Immortal Gu Houses and escape to Central Continent.


 Edge Link Camp was directed to leave, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch could not stop it together. After all, they had no Immortal Gu Houses, they could not stop it from charging away.


 However!


 Just when Edge Link Camp was about to charge out of the Gu formation, a change occurred.


 The entirety of Snowy Mountain blessed land was rumbling intensely.


 A great earthquake!


 “What is going on?”


 “The blessed land is collapsing!”


 Zhao Lian Yun and the others, as well as the remaining peak lords, were extremely shocked.


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, the snowy peaks started to break apart.


 “What is going on?!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu showed shock on his face.


 “The entire formation is breaking apart.” Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes shined brightly, before he corrected himself: “No! This formation...”


 Before he finished his words, the Gu Immortals present heard the sound of waves.


 At the next moment, giant rushing waves appeared out of nowhere, sweeping the battlefield!


 It was the secluded domain of heaven and earth — Reverse Flow River!!


 “Oh no, my wife!” Everything happened too quickly, Old Ancestor Xue Hu wanted to charge back to the first peak, but he was engulfed by the river along the way.


 Within Reverse Flow River, no Gu worms could be activated.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu could not defend himself, he was washed away by the rushing tides.


 He had the highest battle strength in this place, if this happened to him, there was no need to mention the rest.


 Immortal Gu House Edge Link Camp broke apart in the river, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were washed along the river like falling dumplings.


 Zhao Lian Yun and the rest, the peak lords of Snowy Mountain blessed land, Lady Wan Shou, Ying Wu Xie’s group, and Ma Hong Yun, were all inside Reverse Flow River.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land completely collapsed, only a framework was left as the winds of assimilation started to blow.


 “They’re coming!” Far away, Black Extremity’s head was bulging with veins, he manipulated the sub formation with all his strength.


 He was the culprit behind Snowy Mountain’s destruction.


 And beside him, Flood Extremity was defending him vigilantly, at the final moment, Flood Extremity had to use his water path methods to direct Reverse Flow River.


 “What?!” Fang Yuan felt his vision turning bright as a huge torrent engulfed him in an instant.


 Once the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation broke, everyone and everything within the surrounding ten thousand li of Snowy Mountain blessed land was engulfed by Reverse Flow River.


 Fang Yuan was within this range, he was not spared.


 From the raging river water, Fang Yuan’s head emerged on the surface.


 “This is — Reverse Flow River?!” He had a wide range of knowledge, after his shock, he realized the origin of the river that he was in.


 “Snowy Mountain blessed land contains Reverse Flow River?”


 “No wonder my ancient sword dragon transformation was removed for no apparent reason.”


 This was natural.


 Inside Reverse Flow River, Gu worms could not be used. Fang Yuan’s ancient sword dragon transformation was an immortal killer move, it needed Immortal Gu and mortal Gu to activate.


 Thus, the moment Fang Yuan was swept in, all of his Gu worms stopped working, he returned to his original form.


 “Thankfully, I can swim.” Fang Yuan moved his limbs, swimming skillfully.


 He looked ahead, on the surface of the raging river, there were many things floating or swimming. Large numbers of wild beasts, trees and grass, and even rocks.


 Reverse Flow River’s waves were extremely rough, gushes of currents caused rocks or trees to move around randomly, creating chaos in the river.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, in this situation, he could not use Gu worms, his battle strength was at rock bottom, he could only rely on his own body’s defense.


 At this time, Fang Yuan heard something that did not sound right near him.


 He quickly turned around, he saw that a giant metal tree was flowing along the river, the trunk was as thick as an elephant, it rushed towards him.


 “Danger!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he wanted to dodge.


 But in the torrential Reverse Flow River, he could not move easily, his speed was very slow, the metal tree crashed into his waist.


 Fang Yuan was quickly knocked into the depths of the river.


 Next, he rapidly moved his four limbs, before resurfacing above the river.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 He breathed raggedly, taking in fresh air as he inspected his body, checking his injuries.


 He was shocked when he checked it.


 Because he had no injuries.


 He only had a bruise on his waist.


 But soon, his bruise vanished.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he realized: “Oh right! My body is not normal, I have the sovereign immortal body!”


 Inside Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan could not use any Gu worms, he could only rely on his own body.


 However!


 His sovereign immortal body was not normal at all.



***
Chapter 1272 - What is that?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain ended, Fang Yuan had tested this body’s limits.


 He did not use any Gu worms, but he was fast like a charging horse.


 By just leaping gently, he could jump ten meters of distance.


 Jumping down from a hundred and eighty meters while pointing his head downwards, he felt a little dizzy but it only lasted for three breaths of time, and was gone before he knew it.


 He had great strength and endurance as well, he ran for minutes without feeling any fatigue at all.


 His five senses and visual acuity were beyond amazing! His vision was outstanding, looking ten thousand steps ahead, everything was clear to him.


 His heartbeat returned to normal after exercising intensely, every time it beat, it was very strong and lively.


 His thinking speed was extremely fast as well. Even if it was under the light of wisdom, he could maintain it for a long time. Even Gu Immortals could rarely reach this extent with only their bodies.


 Not just a metal tree, even if a metal hill crashed at him, Fang Yuan would be intact.


 This was the sovereign immortal body’s own physique, it had nothing to do with Gu worms, it had to do with his dao marks.


 “Inside Reverse Flow River, I cannot use Gu worms, but the same goes for others!”


 “Meanwhile, my sovereign immortal body is sufficiently strong, my dao marks are also high in quantity.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, his mood turned into excitement.


 “Ying Wu Xie!”


 He flung his limbs as he swam forward like a swordfish.


 The whole Reverse Flow River was running quickly, but the overall flow was affected by the formation, it flowed towards Black Extremity and Flood Extremity.


 Roar!


 A striped tiger was climbing onto a plank with its limbs.


 Fang Yuan swam to the tiger but it was unmoved. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan panted as he took a little rest on the plank.


 But this plank could not endure the weight of both the human and tiger, it started sinking.


 The tiger was anxious, it bore its fangs at Fang Yuan and wanted to bite him, but Fang Yuan snorted and stretched out his arm, crushing the tiger’s head as he raised his fist and punched this tiger to death.


 “Thankfully, this is not a desolate beast but an ordinary beast instead.”


 Against a desolate beast, the sovereign immortal body was not enough.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land did not lack desolate beasts. But to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, in activating the formation and defending against enemies, Snowy Mountain blessed land had already been modified. Gu Immortals with desolate beasts had kept them in their immortal apertures, they would not allow enemies to kill the desolate beasts, that would just be stupid.


 Fang Yuan swam in Reverse Flow River, he wanted to find Ying Wu Xie.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land collapsed, Reverse Flow River was pouring out, Fang Yuan did not know that Purple Mountain True Monarch had awakened.


 He was still thinking of Old Ancestor Xue Hu as the main enemy. He estimated that Ying Wu Xie had some relationship with Snowy Mountain, but it was not close. Otherwise, why would Old Ancestor Xue Hu not help during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain?


 Fang Yuan’s analysis was not wrong.


 But his information path methods were too lacking, he did not have enough intel.


 “Right now, even if I meet Old Ancestor Xue Hu, I can survive. Because in Reverse Flow River, Gu worms cannot be used, it is a special environment!”


 “Since Ying Wu Xie has some connection with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, if I miss this chance, they will definitely grow rapidly under his protection.”


 “If I miss this chance, I might not have another opportunity to eliminate them again!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan moved ahead after resting shortly.


 But he met Bi Chen Tian.


 A Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Fang Yuan was shocked.


 “What is going on?”


 “A rank eight Gu Immortal who isn’t Old Ancestor Xue Hu, and is from Central Continent?!”


 Bi Chen Tian was in a terrible state, he was covered in injuries as he rested on a huge turtle’s back.


 These injuries were not from Reverse Flow River’s journey, but were sustained in the battle earlier. He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, his dao marks conflicted and it was harder to heal from injuries once he sustained them.


 But in that battle, he was in a weaker position, how could he have time to heal himself?


 Thus, after the main formation collapsed, he was swept by Reverse Flow River and could not use his Gu worms to heal himself, all the way until now.


 But fortunately, while being washed away in the river, he met a floating turtle and managed to get a chance to rest on it.


 Fang Yuan discovered Bi Chen Tian, Bi Chen Tian also saw Fang Yuan.


 But Bi Chen Tian did not recognize Fang Yuan.


 Because Fang Yuan was in his sovereign immortal body’s appearance! His original appearance was exposed by Heavenly Court and was spread over all five regions.


 Even though Bi Chen Tian did not know Fang Yuan, he frowned and became alert.


 Because Fang Yuan’s aura showed that he was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal.


 This was also because of the sovereign immortal body.


 After passing the regional wall, Fang Yuan could change his aura into that of the region he was in, he was a Gu Immortal of the region and could perfectly fuse into it.


 “Who is this? He is not one of the peak lords of Snowy Mountain blessed land, however, he could have been recruited by Old Ancestor Xue Hu secretly.”


 Bi Chen Tian stood up on the turtle’s shell, looking at Fang Yuan’s every movement.


 Inside Reverse Flow River, even though Bi Chen Tian had rank eight cultivation level, his Gu worms could not be used, he had limited battle strength.


 Fang Yuan also looked at him alertly, he did not get close.


 Even though Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, he would be stupid if he thought he was the strongest person in Reverse Flow River!


 Reverse Flow River did not allow Gu worms to be used, but his body was intact, his dao marks were effective.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was very powerful, because of the dao marks on the immortal body.


 Similarly, if a Gu Master used black boar Gu to gain the strength of a boar, he would have the strength path dao marks carved into his body. If this Gu Master falls into Reverse Flow River, and is unable to use Gu worms, he would still be able to use his body and attack with the strength of a boar.


 As for other Gu Immortals, over the long course of their cultivation journey, how could they not use any Gu worms like black boar Gu to increase the number of dao marks in their bodies?


 This was natural!


 Anyone who was not a fool would know the advantages of such dao marks.


 Fang Yuan’s body had its advantages, so did other Gu Immortals, the extent simply varied from one person to another.


 For rank eight Gu Immortals, they had deep foundations, Fang Yuan did not want to fight against Bi Chen Tian at the moment.


 “You are a Central Continent Gu Immortal?”


 “I am a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, but I have a grudge with Old Ancestor Xue Hu.”


 “I saw him trying to refine the rank eight Immortal Gu, I did not want him to succeed, so I went to the outside of the blessed land and tried to find a way to break in.”


 “Are you a helper for him to refine the Gu?”


 Fang Yuan probed.


 Bi Chen Tian’s frown eased a little, he answered: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu is also my enemy.”


 “Not long ago, I was fighting against him in Snowy Mountain blessed land, but this unexpected surprise happened.”


 “My injuries are all caused by Old Ancestor Xue Hu.”


 The two talked and exchanged information.


 Fang Yuan realized now that so many things had happened in Snowy Mountain blessed land!


 But Bi Chen Tian was very vague about many things, Fang Yuan could not get much intel.


 They did not trust each other after all.


 This was natural.


 They only had interacted a little, it was hard to tell what the other person’s intentions were.


 And in this situation where Gu worms could not be used, both sides were at their highest alertness.


 Fang Yuan knew he could not get more information from Bi Chen Tian and decided to leave.


 He left that huge wild turtle.


 Even during the conversation, he did not get closer, while Bi Chen Tian did not invite Fang Yuan to rest on the turtle’s back.


 Bi Chen Tian saw that Fang Yuan was leaving and his expression relaxed a little.


 But at this moment, an unexpected surprise occurred.


 Ping.


 A soft sound echoed.


 A fist-sized thing was washed down by the river, landing on Fang Yuan’s face.


 This thing was soft and tiny, like a jellyfish, it stuck to Fang Yuan’s forehead.


 “What is this?” Fang Yuan was stunned, he wanted to pull it away.


 But at this time, he heard Bi Chen Tian call out: “Be gentle, don’t crush it!”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan was surprised, what was it that made a rank eight Gu Immortal nervous?



***
Chapter 1273 - Affection Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan held this jellyfish-like Gu in his hand, looking at it.


 At the next moment, his eyes shined.


 This was an Immortal Gu.


 But he did not know its rank.


 Because in Reverse Flow River, no Gu worm could be used. These Gu worms that fell into Reverse Flow River were like fossils, they were sealed and their auras could not be felt.


 This made Fang Yuan unaware of the nature of this jellyfish Immortal Gu earlier, when it was on his face.


 Only when Bi Chen Tian reminded him did Fang Yuan realize.


 If this were in the outside world, without Reverse Flow River, Immortal Gu aura would leak, Fang Yuan would detect it from far away, and determine what its rank was.


 As for what Immortal Gu it was, that would depend on the Gu Immortal’s own knowledge.


 “This Immortal Gu seems to be... affection Gu?” Fang Yuan’s knowledge was wide, after looking at it, he could guess this what this Gu was.


 Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, and emotions.


 Since there was love Immortal Gu, there was also affection Immortal Gu, of course 1 .


 Fang Yuan’s guess was right.


 Bi Chen Tian could not help but feel anxious. Affection Gu was very important to Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.


 Why?


 Because this Immortal Gu was temporarily used in Edge Link Camp, there were many mortal Gu along with it.


 This affection Immortal Gu, along with many mortal Gu, could create a new effect in Edge Link Camp, that was to track the location of love Gu. Even if love Gu was in an immortal aperture, it would not be affected.


 That was how Edge Link Camp managed to find Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Otherwise, inside the spaceless tunnel, when love Gu sent Zhao Lian Yun, Yu Yi Ye Zi, Shi Zheng Yi, Bu Zhen Zi, and Mu Ling Lan away, who would know where they went?


 After adding affection Immortal Gu and other Gu worms, Edge Link Camp could detect love Immortal Gu and traced it to Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 But afterwards, because they fought with Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch, Edge Link Camp sustained great pressure, and took much damage. Before this, due to the long journey and the collapse of the spaceless tunnel, Edge Link Camp was not complete to begin with.


 And now, after Flood Extremity and Black Extremity activated the Gu formation, destroying the main formation, Reverse Flow River flowed out and struck the heavily damaged Edge Link Camp.


 This way, the Immortal Gu House broke apart and the Immortal Gu and mortal Gu inside were all swept away by the water.


 If this were the outside world, these Immortal Gu and mortal Gu would fly towards the Gu Immortals who had their wills contained.


 But inside Reverse Flow River, these Gu worms were restricted by the special environment, they were forcefully sealed, hibernating like they were no longer alive.


 Affection Gu was one of the countless Gu worms that made up the Immortal Gu House.


 Or rather, it was a very lucky one.


 Because most of the Gu worms had flowed along the river and were destroyed by the waves, or crashed into rocks or trees.


 Gu worms were very fragile.


 Reverse Flow River became their grave.


 Of course, there were different types of Gu worm body types.


 Most were broken with one squeeze, but some were like jade or rocks, as tough as jade. Affection Gu was different, it had a soft body, it could survive even if there was an impact.


 Evidently, this was how it survived in Reverse Flow River.


 But after ending up in Fang Yuan’s hands, it was not in good shape.


 The jellyfish body was very tattered, there was a huge injury that was about a quarter of its size, it was terrifying.


 Bi Chen Tian’s eyes were very sharp, seeing that Fang Yuan was about to pull away this affection Gu, he called out in worry.


 But after reminding him, he felt great regret.


 If he did not say it, Fang Yuan might have thrown it away without care or concern.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s eyes were shining, he realized the truth.


 Bi Chen Tian withheld the unease in his heart as he cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: “Friend, this Gu belongs to Central Continent. Why don’t you give this Immortal Gu to me, you will gain the friendship of Central Continent. Is that alright?”


 Fang Yuan squinted: “I can consider that, but what Gu is this? You need to tell me.”


 Bi Chen Tian answered: “This is affection Gu, a wisdom path Gu worm.”


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were rare, Bi Chen Tian emphasized that this was affection Immortal Gu because he thought that Fang Yuan was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Affection Gu was not useful to most Gu Immortals after all.


 It was a waste to give it away, but it was a burden in one’s hands.


 Why?


 Gu Immortals needed wills as their assistants. Be it in sect meetings or in treasure yellow heaven, any will Gu could be used widely.


 But mortal level will Gu could achieve this.


 There was no need to waste one’s effort in raising an affection Immortal Gu.


 After all, if one was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, with their conflicting dao marks, using the Immortal Gu of other paths would have lower effects. At the same time, just affection Immortal Gu could not form any immortal killer moves.


 Unless it was an immortal killer move of other paths that needed affection Immortal Gu, or any special methods that needed it, then the Gu Immortal would desire it.


 Not all Immortal Gu were popular with people.


 Gu Immortals had different paths, so did Immortal Gu. Gu Immortals were of rank six, seven, and eight, so were Immortal Gu.


 For Gu Immortals, only suitable Immortal Gu had value to them.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, Gu Immortals often held trading sessions to exchange their Immortal Gu.


 But Bi Chen Tian would not think that Fang Yuan was the most special Gu Immortal of all.


 Firstly, he had grandmaster wisdom path attainment level, such a person had to be considered a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body did not have conflicting dao marks, he could cultivate any path!


 Lastly, Fang Yuan had been fretting over this matter, even though he had wisdom path attainment level and methods, he did not have relevant wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 Thus, this affection Immortal Gu was very important to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, he placed affection Immortal Gu into the pocket of his shirt.


 Inside Reverse Flow River, the immortal aperture’s entrance could not be opened, he had to carry it with him.


 Bi Chen Tian saw this and his heart sank, his tone was even more anxious: “Friend! Take out that Immortal Gu, we are not enemies, we can go through a transaction according to what we need.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Bi Chen Tian: “We can have a transaction, but not here.”



***
Chapter 1274 - Fighting Rank Eight in the River


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 If possible, Fang Yuan wanted to use affection Immortal Gu to trade for Immortal Gu that suited him more.


 But in Reverse Flow River, transactions were impossible.


 Because no Gu worms could be used, information path methods that allowed two parties to engage in transactions were unusable.


 Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for Immortal Gu, but Bi Chen Tian could not take out any Immortal Gu, because Gu worms hibernated while inside Reverse Flow River, let alone those in an immortal aperture, they would not respond to any of a Gu Immortal’s summons even if they were inside their bodies.


 Thus, Bi Chen Tian did not have any chips to use for trade.


 Bi Chen Tian knew Fang Yuan’s concern, but should he give up this chance and wait for the future?


 Who knew what would happen in the future?


 After Black Extremity’s action, Snowy Mountain blessed land was gone, Central Continent’s Edge Link Camp was destroyed as well, if Central Continent’s group fought again, they would fall into an even deeper disadvantage.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were barely able to defend themselves, once they escaped Reverse Flow River, wouldn’t they flee immediately?


 Thus, there was no chance to undergo trade with Fang Yuan.


 If they did not do the transaction now, what about in the future?


 Fang Yuan was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, while Bi Chen Tian was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, both were in different regions, even in treasure yellow heaven, Central Continent could not dictate Fang Yuan to do a transaction with them later.


 What if he made a deal with someone else? What if he raised prices to an absurd level without fear?


 There were worse situations possible.


 Bi Chen Tian was someone with the foresight to consider bad outcomes in advance, seeing that he could not coax Fang Yuan to give the Immortal Gu, his killing intent rose!


 “I am a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if I cannot use Immortal Gu here, with my dao mark foundation, how can I lose to a rank seven Gu Immortal?”


 Thinking like this, Bi Chen Tian jumped into the river water and swam towards Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, his hostility was obvious.


 Fang Yuan sneered internally, as he charged towards Bi Chen Tian as well.


 Bi Chen Tian saw this and became joyful, thinking: “This Northern Plains Gu Immortal looks like a battle maniac. He’s simply brainless!”


 The river water moved rapidly, but both parties had extraordinary bodies, they quickly met in the middle.


 Boom boom boom.


 Fang Yuan raised his fist and punched at Bi Chen Tian thrice.


 Bi Chen Tian was a wood path Gu Immortal, he had great stamina and eyesight, he blocked all three attacks.


 He was shocked: “This person looks so young, how can he have such strength? Does he cultivate strength path?”


 He felt that his arm was numb from blocking.


 But while he was shocked, Bi Chen Tian still retaliated with his other hand.


 Both sides exchanged fists, they quickly got into a scuffle.


 Fang Yuan’s entire body was a weapon, his head, knee, elbow, and all sorts of jabs were used.


 Bi Chen Tian was on the back foot, but soon, he held up evenly against Fang Yuan’s attacks. Because he had incredible foundation, and his close combat skills were very deep. Even though he had rarely used these techniques after becoming a Gu Immortal, currently in actual battle, he was recovering his combat skills.


 As for Fang Yuan, he had become a Gu Immortal more recently, many years ago, he was a mortal Gu Master roaming Northern Plains and Southern Border, he was familiar with close combat.


 The two fought in the water, at times, they lifted their heads above the water and breathed roughly, temporarily resting.


 Reverse Flow River moved rapidly, most of their energy was spent in swimming, they did not actually fight too much.


 When they fought, the environment was very complex.


 Because at times, logs or wild beasts would float down the river and force the two to evade them.


 As a result, after tens of rounds of battle, both sides were breathing roughly, but they could do nothing to the other party.


 “This rank eight Gu Immortal is truly deep in foundation. I wanted to kill a rank eight in Reverse Flow River, but now it seems to be wishful thinking.”


 Bi Chen Tian, however, was filled with shock.


 “How can this be? This person is on par with me?!”


 “I have used grass python Immortal Gu previously to gain a huge amount of strength.”


 “I have also used immortal killer move wood armor to carve dao marks in my body, my body has naturally strong defenses.”


 “I even turned my heart into a wood heart and turned my blood into green blood, giving me super healing abilities.”


 “These immortal killer moves and Immortal Gu, along with my dao marks as a rank eight Gu Immortal who has so many calamities and tribulations, I definitely outclass this rank seven.”


 “But why am I simply evenly matched with him?”


 Bi Chen Tian stared at Fang Yuan, as if he was looking at a monster.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan did not have as many dao marks as the rank eight Bi Chen Tian, but in fact, his dao mark accumulation surpassed most rank seven Gu Immortals. Even though he only became a rank seven Gu Immortal recently.


 What resisted Bi Chen Tian was the sovereign immortal body.


 The sovereign immortal body was not a normal human body, it was refined from a Gu worm. Be it Wei Ling Yang or Bi Chen Tian, they were humans. But Fang Yuan’s body was made from a Gu worm.


 It could therefore be said that Fang Yuan being a complete otherworldly demon was one of the reasons.


 The sovereign immortal body made up for the difference in dao marks between him and Bi Chen Tian, allowing them to fight evenly.


 Fang Yuan decided to retreat.


 Even though he did not lose, his intention was to kill the huge threat Ying Wu Xie.


 Earlier, when fighting with Bi Chen Tian, he wanted to test his strength, to see if he could kill a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 But in fact, Fang Yuan was overly optimistic.


 He could do nothing to Bi Chen Tian, Fang Yuan had to give up. He did not want to stall it out with Bi Chen Tian, his objective had not been met yet.


 Fang Yuan wanted to leave, but Bi Chen Tian did not allow him to.


 Even though Bi Chen Tian could not do anything to Fang Yuan, affection Immortal Gu was still with Fang Yuan.


 “Even if I cannot win, I need to keep him here. If my companions come later, we can encircle him together. I cannot let him escape!”


 “Damn it, this guy.” Fang Yuan quickly frowned.


 He wanted to retreat, but Bi Chen Tian’s speed and strength were not inferior to his, even though Fang Yuan wanted to leave, Bi Chen Tian was preventing him from doing so.


 This gravely affected Fang Yuan’s plan.


 “In that case, don’t blame me for being ruthless!” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with cold light.


 Obstructed by the wild beast corpse ahead, Fang Yuan’s speed fell and Bi Chen Tian reached him again.


 Fang Yuan turned around to fight him.


 Both were fighting with their fists and legs in Reverse Flow River, it was a draw, at the crucial moment, Fang Yuan stretched out his arm and placed affection Immortal Gu in front of himself.


 Bi Chen Tian wanted to punch at Fang Yuan’s torso.


 If he hit, Fang Yuan would lose his oxygen supply and would need to go to the surface and breathe in fresh air.


 This was one of the key points of fighting underwater.


 But Fang Yuan suddenly took out affection Immortal Gu, and put it in front of Bi Chen Tian’s fist.


 Bi Chen Tian turned pale from shock, he quickly pulled back his fist and revealed a flaw.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly on the inside, he used this flaw and charged, Bi Chen Tian had made a mistake and could only block and defend himself, preparing to counterattack.


 But Fang Yuan suddenly raised affection Immortal Gu in front of himself, causing Bi Chen Tian to be unable to attack and exposing a flaw.


 With two flaws exposed, Fang Yuan made use of his advantage and kicked at Bi Chen Tian’s stomach.


 Bi Chen Tian was hit and immediately opened his mouth as air bubbles floated up.


 He did not have enough oxygen now, he changed his tactics and wanted to escape to the surface.


 But Fang Yuan did not allow this, he stretched out his arms and gripped with them like pincers, pulling Bi Chen Tian and preventing him from reaching the surface.


 Bi Chen Tian suddenly twisted his waist and escaped with a difficult maneuver. He moved like a fish, bursting out with strength, Fang Yuan’s left arm could not catch him.


 Fang Yuan praised on the inside towards this response.


 Bi Chen Tian was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, but his rank eight foundation really held no weaknesses. In terms of fighting underwater, he even slightly surpassed Fang Yuan.


 There was a need to mention, Fang Yuan had lived in Eastern Sea for a long time during the five hundred years of his previous life.


 This way, Bi Chen Tian instantly swam until he was on top of Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1275 - Kicking a Rank Eight Great Expert


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s grasp earlier had failed, he raised his arms and grabbed upwards.


 His left arm missed but his right arm grabbed onto Bi Chen Tian’s leg.


 Bi Chen Tian was obstructed, his other leg kicked towards Fang Yuan’s head like a fierce dragon.


 This blow was heavy, if it landed, Fang Yuan would become dizzy and Bi Chen Tian would easily escape.


 But Fang Yuan took out affection Immortal Gu and raised it up.


 Bi Chen Tian wanted to curse, his leg stopped.


 Fang Yuan managed to obtain some time to react, he moved his head backwards as his entire body went upside down in the water.


 Originally, he was like Bi Chen Tian, they were floating upright.


 But now that he grabbed Bi Chen Tian’s leg, he became upside down.


 Bi Chen Tian saw this and his heart sank, he gasped in his mind.


 This was because Fang Yuan was grabbing onto his leg with one hand, while the other was holding affection Immortal Gu, he could not attack with strength.


 But at this moment, in this scene, Fang Yuan had two legs to use.


 Meanwhile, Bi Chen Tian’s leg was held by Fang Yuan, he could only attack with one other leg.


 Bi Chen Tian was shocked, the leg that was free moved around like a butterfly, it was extremely nimble, after kicking for several times, Fang Yuan could only see many shadows of his moving leg.


 But Fang Yuan had no fear, he kicked with both legs, as he unleashed a flurry of kicks moving like shadows as well.


 Both parties were fighting in the water, causing huge spirals to form around the river water, each time their legs collided, a loud sound was emitted in the river water.


 Bi Chen Tian could only use one leg, how could he compete with both of Fang Yuan’s legs?


 During the process of fighting, he was often hit by Fang Yuan’s legs.


 Bi Chen Tian mainly defended himself, as he felt downcast: “I am a great rank eight Gu Immortal, to think that this would happen. Scoundrel! As long as I get to the surface and recover my breath, I will deal with you!”


 His arms flailed furiously, dragging Fang Yuan towards the surface as well.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, as he blocked Bi Chen Tian’s kick with one leg, while his other leg kicked at a crucial location.


 “Ah!”


 Bi Chen Tian was kicked by Fang Yuan, it landed on his crotch.


 In an instant, his entire face stiffened, he stared with wide opened eyes, he was about to gasp out his last bit of oxygen left.


 Bi Chen Tian was a rank eight great expert after all, he had superhuman endurance, he forcefully endured it and moved his arms, wanting to swim up to the surface.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan kicked again.


 Bi Chen Tian’s body shook, this time, he could not help but breathe out a chain of bubbles.


 Boom boom boom.


 Sensing his huge weakness, Fang Yuan continued to kick.


 Bi Chen Tian’s face was flushed red, his eyes were bloodshot, he no longer thought of getting to the surface, he wanted to kill Fang Yuan!


 “Who would fight you to the death?” Fang Yuan let go, kicking Bi Chen Tian away with another blow.


 At the same time, he was pushed away by the force, pulling some distance from Bi Chen Tian.


 After getting free, Bi Chen Tian was dazed for a while before giving up on Fang Yuan, he went to the surface to recover his breath.


 Fang Yuan turned around and escaped successfully from Bi Chen Tian.


 Bi Chen Tian’s head came up to the surface as he breathed in deeply continuously.


 His crotch was hurting, waves of pain was assaulting his nerves, he felt himself getting dizzy.


 “This accursed fellow! If I have a chance, I will tear out your tendons and burn you to ashes!” Bi Chen Tian watched at the river surface as Fang Yuan swam away rapidly, their distance was enlarging, he could not catch up.


 Fang Yuan successfully escaped from Bi Chen Tian, he slowed down to recover his stamina.


 His legs were numb.


 Bi Chen Tian’s crotch was not easy to kick. Fang Yuan had immense strength, but his legs still felt numb from kicking it.


 Evidently, Bi Chen Tian had thought of defending his crotch, there were many wood path dao marks there.


 At the final crucial moment, Fang Yuan did not fight with Bi Chen Tian.


 He knew that with Bi Chen Tian’s methods, even if he killed him, he would have to face a terrifying retaliation and would likely get heavily injured or end up dead.


 Fang Yuan did not want this outcome.


 He did not need to fight to the death with a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 He had the sovereign immortal body, his future was bright. And his goal to begin with was Ying Wu Xie.


 If he died with Bi Chen Tian, wouldn’t Ying Wu Xie be laughing his head off? Even if only Bi Chen Tian died, Fang Yuan would still be heavily injured, he would lose the ability to kill Ying Wu Xie.


 Of course, there was something crucial.


 Even if he killed Bi Chen Tian, Fang Yuan could gain nothing!


 Immortal apertures could not be opened here, Bi Chen Tian’s corpse would be a burden. Fang Yuan could not carry this corpse around with him, even if he could, what if he met Ying Wu Xie? Even if he did not meet Ying Wu Xie, what would he do if he met Central Continent’s Gu Immortals?


 Rank seven Gu Immortal killing rank eight, this would be a grand feat that would grant him unparalleled honor and glory.


 But this honor was worthless to Fang Yuan!


 He continued to swim ahead, trying to find Ying Wu Xie.


 “Fang Yuan, is that you?”


 Ying Wu Xie heard this and turned around, expressing joy on his face.


 “Come closer, I will pull you up.” He quickly said.


 After a moment, Ying Wu Xie dragged Tai Bai Yun Sheng onto a huge lotus leaf.


 “This is the leaf of the king lotus, it can float on the surface of the water, to think that you are so lucky.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed deeply.


 Ying Wu Xie laughed, thinking: “I am luck connected to Fang Yuan, how can my luck be bad?”


 But soon, his smile faded as worry appeared on his face again.


 He looked at the flowing river: “Reverse Flow River’s state is really strange now, we cannot escape. We have to meet up with Purple Mountain True Monarch now, we might be able to take back Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, and even kill that ancient sword dragon that was chasing us!”


 At the mention of Purple Mountain True Monarch, Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed admiration on his face: “Yes, we should meet up with master.”


 “Achoo!”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch sneezed loudly.


 He had a bitter expression, sighing: “Oh, to think that I would end up like this so soon after waking up. Sigh, I am old, my body is weak now, I seem to be getting a cold just because of some water.”


 He was sitting on Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s shoulder.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was swimming, he looked around, trying to find something in Reverse Flow River.


 Hearing Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words, he snorted: “You are doing nothing but you are still complaining? Don’t you have wings? Why don’t you fly out of Reverse Flow River?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was in his original form now.


 Like how Fang Yuan turned back to a human from ancient sword dragon form, Purple Mountain True Monarch was a rank eight miniman Gu Immortal, he had turned large earlier using an immortal method. Now that he was in Reverse Flow River, he became a miniman again.


 Precisely because of this, he could sit on Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s shoulder.


 “You think I don’t want to? But this Reverse Flow River is affected by some power, it is very chaotic, I cannot leave the river. Hehe, who created this Gu formation for you?” Purple Mountain True Monarch asked.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu had a grim expression: “Sun Ming Lu.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch responded with an ‘oh’.


 “It should be him. This was out of my expectations.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu said: “He is a member of Longevity Heaven!”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was astute, at this moment, it was not hard to guess where Sun Ming Lu came from.


 Because Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were already in danger, in the entirety of Northern Plains, who could have the ability and guts to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu?


 Other than Longevity Heaven, there was no one else.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch said: “Longevity Heaven is definitely after Ma Hong Yun, as well as Zhao Lian Yun. They must be in front.”


 “I need to find my wife!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu said.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch patted his shoulder: “Then we need to go ahead, Lady Wan Shou was right beside Ma Hong Yun at the time, she was swept away by the river along with them, she should be near them.”


 The fate reversing refinement sub formation was shining with a brilliant white-golden light.


 The light burst into the sky, like a huge unconcealable pillar.


 At this moment, Black Extremity was at the center of the Gu formation, manipulating it and directing the flow of Reverse Flow River. Flood Extremity was outside the Gu formation, preventing any intruders from approaching the pillar of light.



***
Chapter 1276 - Perseverance of the Miniman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “So impressive, this Gu formation can actually control Reverse Flow River.” Flood Extremity looked at the pillar of light and praised sincerely.


 But Black Extremity shook his head: “This is not control, I merely created the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, it is like digging a river channel and letting Reverse Flow River move in it. We dug the river channel, thus, we can influence the direction that Reverse Flow River goes.”


 “When we retrieve Reverse Flow River, Longevity Heaven will gain another secluded domain of heaven and earth.” Flood Extremity anticipated.


 Black Extremity instructed again: “When we collect Reverse Flow River, the sub formation will be destroyed. You have to take note of the time and direction, opening your immortal aperture and letting the river flow in. You are a water path Gu Immortal, you have a big advantage in doing this.”


 Flood Extremity was troubled: “What if Reverse Flow River changes direction? Are there really no Gu worms in this world that can control Reverse Flow River?”


 Black Extremity frowned slightly: “Well no, there isn’t, but maybe not necessarily... there might be another possibility.”


 “What do you mean?”


 “You know the contents of >. It stated that: Ren Zu sighed, as long as he had that Immortal Gu, he would conquer Reverse Flow River.”


 “You mean Immortal Gu — Perseverance? No way, perseverance Immortal Gu has never appeared before. In my opinion, that story is only telling us to persevere in cultivating and to never give up easily.”


 >, chapter four, section twenty-six —


 Ren Zu’s daughter, Boundless Forest Samsara, was trapped inside Ordinary Abyss.


 She made friends with a miniman, the miniman brought Boundless Forest Samsara to see his home — City Well.


 After Boundless Forest Samsara saw City Well, she raised her head at the sky.


 “I understand now.” Boundless Forest Samsara looked above her.


 She was trapped inside Ordinary Abyss, she was just like the minimen who were trapped under the well. The minimen raised their heads and saw the sky within the well, it was like the sky that Boundless Forest Samsara saw when she looked up at Ordinary Abyss.


 “I have decided, I will work hard and get out of this abyss to meet with father again!” Boundless Forest Samsara raised her fists, making up her mind.


 The miniman was overjoyed: “Sure. I want to leave Ordinary Abyss and see the world outside as well. I see that there are many trees here in Ordinary Abyss, we can chop them down and make a ladder to climb up.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara gasped, looking at the miniman: “Oh miniman, don’t you have wings? Why can’t you fly out?”


 The miniman smiled bitterly: “Oh human, I might have a pair of wings, but they are flimsy and weak. They can only carry me for a short distance. When I left City Well, I also used a ladder.”


 “So that’s it.” Boundless Forest Samsara realized.


 In the following days, she stayed with the miniman, chopping trees and creating a ladder.


 Trees were chopped down one by one, wisdom Gu flew out from them.


 Boundless Forest Samsara was shocked: “Wisdom Gu, why are you here?”


 “Wisdom is hidden in the ordinary, of course I can be here.” Wisdom Gu answered.


 Next, wisdom Gu said: “You are all very smart, you know how to use the achievements of predecessors to escape from being ordinary. But if you two want to leave Ordinary Abyss, you need to build your own ladders and complete them alone. Otherwise, you cannot leave.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara quickly nodded: “Oh wisdom Gu, thanks for reminding us, we will take note.”


 She and the miniman made their own ladders.


 The ladders became taller and taller, soon, Boundless Forest Samsara’s ladder surpassed the miniman.


 The miniman’s ladder was short and small, the distance between each step was also small.


 In comparison, Boundless Forest Samsara’s ladder was long and tall.


 Boundless Forest Samsara teased the miniman: “Miniman, oh miniman, the ladder I make in half a day is as tall as the one you make in half a month. At this rate, when can you make a proper ladder to step on and escape from Ordinary Abyss?”


 The miniman was helpless: “I can’t help it, I am already doing my best, but this is all the wood I can carry after spending half a day, while you only need one hand to carry this over. I need to use a long time to chop down a small tree, but you only take three swings. I am already doing my best to reach this extent.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara nodded: “It is a pity we can only make our own ladders.”


 The miniman replied: “That’s right, to leave Ordinary Abyss, we can use our predecessors’ achievements, but we truly need to rely on ourselves. Let’s continue working hard.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara and the miniman continued to chop down trees to make their ladders.


 Trees fell one by one, from within, strength Gu flew out.


 Boundless Forest Samsara was shocked: “Oh strength Gu, why are you here?”


 “Strength is hidden in the ordinary, of course I can be here.” Strength Gu answered.


 Boundless Forest Samsara thought about it and asked: “Oh strength Gu, can you give us any advice? Like wisdom Gu.”


 Strength Gu said: “I have no advice to give you, but I can grant you great strength, as long as you give me your youth.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara fell into hesitation.


 Strength Gu said: “According to your current strength, when will you be able to build a ladder tall enough to escape Ordinary Abyss?”


 Boundless Forest Samsara thought: “Very long, I will need twenty to thirty years.”


 Strength Gu said: “Yes, by then, you will no longer be young, you will lose your youth and became middle aged, rather than that, you might as well give me your youth, even though you will become middle aged, you only need a few years to build the ladder.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara thought about it and nodded: “You are absolutely right, strength Gu, I will rely on you.”


 Thus, Boundless Forest Samsara obtained strength Gu, her speed in building the ladder became very fast, she could chop more trees at once. A year later, her ladder was extremely tall.


 She stood at the top of the ladder and looked down.


 She saw that the trees were very small, the grass was a field of green, she was very happy: “So when I stand at a high point, things that are big usually will become small. It is just like City Well.”


 She looked down at the miniman’s ladder, it was very short, less than one percent of hers. She pouted.


 Boundless Forest Samsara walked down and said to the miniman: “Why are you still so slow, my ladder is already so tall!”


 The miniman looked at her ladder in admiration, saying helplessly: “I really admire you, your strength surpassed me to begin with, but now you also have strength Gu, it is too bad that I have no help, I can only rely on myself. I have already tried my best, everyday, other than eating and resting, I spend all my time building this ladder, but it cannot match yours.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara nodded: “That is natural.”


 Another year passed.


 Boundless Forest Samsara continued to build the ladder even taller.


 She stood at the peak and looked down.


 The trees were like grass, while everything smaller than trees could not be seen clearly.


 She looked at the miniman’s ladder, even though it was taller than most trees, it was less than one-thousandth of hers.


 Boundless Forest Samsara walked down the ladder, laughing at the miniman: “Miniman oh miniman, stop wasting your efforts. Your strength is too low, you will not be able to build that ladder even if you spend an entire lifetime. You might as well use this time to enjoy your life.”


 “Actually, you are already very amazing, compared to those minimen, you actually walked out of City Well, you should just enjoy your life now.”


 The miniman thought about it and shook his head: “I am not satisfied with being ordinary. When I am not happy with being ordinary, being ordinary would be like an abyss to me, I want to go out. Even if I cannot succeed, I want to try, if I do not try hard enough, I will not be happy.”


 Thus, the miniman continued building his ladder.


 The third year passed.


 Boundless Forest Samsara’s ladder was extremely tall.


 She stood at the peak and looked down.


 Only to see that clouds were blocking her vision.


 She wanted to look at the miniman’s ladder, but she could barely see it, it was less than one ten-thousandth of her ladder.


 Boundless Forest Samsara sighed, she felt lonely.


 When the wind blew, she shuddered, feeling cold.


 “So when I stand at this tall point, not only will I feel lonely, I will also feel cold.” Boundless Forest Samsara walked down the ladder and told the miniman about this.


 The miniman shook his head: “My ladder is not tall enough, I don’t know how you feel.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara felt bored.


 She continued to build the ladder, but the time she spent on it was decreasing.


 Strength Gu asked her: “Oh human, why are you not building your ladder?”


 Boundless Forest Samsara answered: “The ladder is too tall and cold, I need to rest and regain warmth.


 Another year passed.


 Boundless Forest Samsara felt extremely bored.


 She was still building her ladder, but she was spending less and less time on it.


 Strength Gu asked her: “Oh human, why are you not building your ladder?”


 Boundless Forest Samsara answered: “The ladder is too tall, when I look down, I get afraid. I need to rest and let my heart calm down.”


 Another year passed.


 Boundless Forest Samsara became even more lazy.


 Strength Gu asked her: “Look at the miniman, he has never stopped building his ladder, he is giving it his all. If you continue being lazy, he will surpass you one day.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara laughed: “How can that be possible? One day of work for me is a month of his. How can he ever surpass me?”


 Like this, years passed without stopping.


 Finally, one day, the miniman found Boundless Forest Samsara who was resting under a tree, saying to her: “Oh friend, my ladder is at the edge of Ordinary Abyss, tomorrow, I will step out and leave Ordinary Abyss.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara laughed: “Oh miniman, don’t lie to me, this is too funny.”


 The miniman shook his head, saying seriously: “Grandness and being laughable is merely an inch apart. But I am not laughable anymore, I am grand and can finally leave this Ordinary Abyss. If you do not believe me, watch as I leave.”


 Thus, the miniman started to climb his ladder.


 Boundless Forest Samsara was shocked at this, the miniman was really at the edge of the abyss,he could leave if he continued like this.


 Boundless Forest Samsara shouted: “Oh miniman, do you not feel cold?”


 The miniman said: “Of course, but I want to build my ladder and climb out of here.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara shouted again: “Oh miniman, do you not feel lonely?”


 The miniman said: “Of course, but I want to build my ladder and climb out of here.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara shouted again: “Oh miniman, do you not feel afraid?”


 The miniman said: “Of course, but I want to build my ladder and climb out of here.”


 After saying those three lines, a bright light flashed on his body, rapidly forming into a Gu worm.


 “My name is Perseverance, oh miniman, thank you for giving me life.” Perseverance Gu thanked the miniman.


 The miniman laughed: “Great, even though I do not have strength, I have perseverance.”


 The miniman said as he climbed out of Ordinary Abyss, stepping into the outside world.


 He first saw someone.


 It was Ren Zu.


 The rate of time inside Ordinary Abyss was different from the outside world.


 Ren Zu sighed as he saw the miniman: “This is perseverance Gu? What a pity, if I had it, I would have been able to conquer Reverse Flow River.”



***
Chapter 1277 - Meeting of Ma and Zhao


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Flood Extremity believed that perseverance Gu was only a Gu worm found in >.


 But Black Extremity shook his head, saying: “Perseverance Immortal Gu is not a fictitious Gu worm. In fact, it has existed before.”


 Flood Extremity was shocked: “How did I not know that?”


 “This was something I had learned while traveling Northern Plains. The person who refined perseverance Immortal Gu was the famous Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. He was the one who entered the door of life and death and brought Reverse Flow River out into the world. He was the first owner of Reverse Flow River.”


 “Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable! Is that so? Then why is Reverse Flow River in the hands of Old Ancestor Xue Hu?” Flood Extremity asked.


 Black Extremity shook his head: “I am unsure about the details regarding this... what is going on?!”


 At this moment, there was a loud sound.


 Inside the fate reversing refinement sub formation, some mortal Gu had exploded.


 The pillar of light that the sub formation emitted also shrunk by ten percent.


 This sudden change disrupted their conversation, Flood Extremity became nervous: “A portion of the Gu formation was destroyed, aren’t you repairing it?”


 Black Extremity shook his head: “This situation is within my expectations, even the fate reversing refinement sub formation cannot endure the might of Reverse Flow River, it will be destroyed. And this formation has a weakness, once it activates, it cannot be repaired, unless the entire formation stops functioning.”


 Flood Extremity frowned deeply: “Reverse Flow River has not reached here yet, what do we do now?”


 Black Extremity smiled: “Don’t worry, I created this formation, how could I not see this coming? In fact, there are benefits in destroying the Gu formation.”


 Flood Extremity was confused: “The Gu formation being destroyed has benefits?”


 “Every ten percent of destruction would reduce our influence on Reverse Flow River by ten percent. The back part of Reverse Flow River will return to normal and stop being drawn to us. That way, it will display its original might and wash out everyone and everything behind.” Black Extremity explained.


 “Incredible!” Flood Extremity clapped and praised, his eyes were shining: “Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are all at the front, that means, they will be the last to be washed away.”


 Black Extremity nodded: “Precisely.”


 Inside Reverse Flow River.


 “Lord Bi Chen Tian!” Three Central Continent Gu Immortals greeted Bi Chen Tian.


 Bi Chen Tian nodded, at this moment, there were five people gathered around him, with the addition of these three and himself, there were nine people.


 “Did you see Ma Hong Yun or Zhao Lian Yun?” The Gu Immortals shook their heads.


 “Then did you see this person?” Bi Chen Tian described Fang Yuan’s appearance and clothing to them.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals looked at each other, one of them said: “I think I saw him, but I did not stop him. I was hiding behind a floating plank, he swam ahead without noticing me.”


 Bi Chen Tian nodded.


 “Lord, this person is not in our information, is he an ally or foe?” Someone asked.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were very perplexed, because Bi Chen Tian was a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, he would not ask for information about a rank seven Gu Immortal for no reason.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was not outstanding. Most of the Central Continent Gu Immortals were rank seven.


 But Bi Chen Tian’s following words made all of their hearts shake!


 “He is a strong foe. If you meet him, be very careful, I am merely on par with him in terms of physical brawling.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals nodded solemnly.


 “What do we do now?” Someone asked.


 “We have many people with us, we will swim up and get rid of our enemies along Reverse Flow River, that would be the best outcome!” Bi Chen Tian said this as killing intent surged in him.


 This was a good tactic indeed.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were not the match of Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch if they fought normally. Right now, they had lost Edge Link Camp, they were completely outclassed.


 The sudden change with Reverse Flow River gave them a good chance.


 Bi Chen Tian felt that: As long as they could make use of this opportunity, they might be able to get rid of their enemies in Reverse Flow River and obtain victory.


 “Hmm? What is going on?” At this moment, a certain water path Gu Immortal among the Central Continent Gu Immortals felt a change in the river water.


 Next, these Central Continent Gu Immortals saw that the water of Reverse Flow River around them started to calm down rapidly from a turbulent state.


 Finally, the river flow slowed gradually, before starting to have small ripples.


 Large amounts of rocks and wild beast corpses, which were flowing along the river currents, were washed away rapidly.


 It was five times faster than the speed of flow earlier!


 “How can this be?” Some Central Continent Gu Immortals were caught off-guard and were washed away by the river, in the blink of an eye, they were three hundred steps of distance away from Bi Chen Tian.


 Bi Chen Tian was the first to react.


 “Quick, swim, do not stop for even a moment, Reverse Flow River has returned to its usual state, if we stop for a moment, we will be washed away by the currents.” He called out.


 Getting Bi Chen Tian’s reminder, the remaining Central Continent Gu Immortals reacted and tried to swim earnestly.


 “It is so difficult!”


 “The water is flowing slowly and smoothly, but it is actually many times harder than the raging tides earlier!”


 “These floating logs and corpses are annoying, they are blocking our paths.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals quickly found that it was far more difficult to swim in this river that had returned to normal.


 “What is this? The higher we swim up Reverse Flow River, the harder every step is! We need to persevere, we do not need to reach the upper part of the river, as long as we meet enemies, we can kill them. If we kill one rank eight Gu Immortal, we will be able to obtain victory later!” Bi Chen Tian raised the morale.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals cheered in response.


 “This way, Reverse Flow River is our opportunity!”


 “Lord Bi Chen Tian, look ahead, to the front, the river is extremely turbulent!”


 Bi Chen Tian heard this and found something weird.


 He frowned.


 This was a nightmare.


 Swimming in this calm part of Reverse Flow River was much harder than swimming in the strong currents. At this rate, as time passes, when the Central Continent Gu Immortals met the enemies that were washed down by Reverse Flow River, they would already be exhausted and out of stamina!


 “Quick, we need to get in front and swim in the turbulent water!” Bi Chen Tian had a grave expression, he gave the most accurate instructions.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals increased their speed in response.


 Fang Yuan swam in the river, he continued to pursue Ying Wu Xie, but he could not find any trace.


 The river water was turbulent, huge waves were created from time to time. From within these waves, wild beast corpses and countless rocks would flow along them.


 The situation in the river was very complex. And most importantly, the river was very wide.


 Fang Yuan could not get on high ground for observation, even though he had good eyesight, he could not see much.


 However, he had found many Gu Immortals, among which, there were Central Continent Gu Immortals and also Snowy Mountain blessed land’s peak lords.


 Fang Yuan avoided them all, he did not deal with them.


 Fighting these people would waste his time and would not reap any benefits.


 “This river is too wide, I might have passed Ying Wu Xie earlier while I was diving, I might be in front of him. This is totally possible!”


 But Fang Yuan did not give up.


 Because Ying Wu Xie had a higher chance of being in front.


 He swam with all his strength, moving agilely in the complex water like a fish. The sovereign immortal body gave him incredible eyesight, stamina, and his recovery speed was on par with rank eight Gu Immortals, and most importantly, he had practiced his own incredible swimming ability.


 All these caused him to surpass many Gu Immortals.


 In contrast, Bi Chen Tian had to keep searching in the river for the other Central Continent Gu Immortals, he was at the very back.


 A leopard fox was swimming in the water, charging at Zhao Lian Yun.


 The leopard fox was smaller than regular leopards, but it could swim, thus, even inside Reverse Flow River, it survived.


 “Go away!” Mu Ling Lan slapped as he killed the leopard fox which came.


 His other arm was grabbing onto Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun was a false immortal created with a phantom aperture, she had low foundation and barely any dao marks. Without Gu worms, she was as weak as a mortal.


 Thankfully, while she was inside Reverse Flow River, the rank seven water path Gu Immortal Mu Ling Lan was around her.


 With Mu Ling Lan defending her, Zhao Lian Yun managed to survive until now.


 Mu Ling Lan was covered in water path dao marks, he could actually breathe freely in water, he could also swim well, along the way, he protected Zhao Lian Yun and resolved crises, while swimming ahead and bringing her along.


 “Quickly look, there is a mound in front.” Mu Ling Lan killed the leopard fox and suddenly said this with shining eyes, there was a mound floating ahead in the river.


 “This mound is made of float soil, no wonder it can float on water and not sink! We will go rest there!” Mu Ling Lan dragged Zhao Lian Yun along and climbed onto the floating mound with much difficulty.


 Zhao Lian Yun was extremely tired, she was barely alive.


 Once she got on shore, she laid down on the mound and stopped moving entirely as she rested.


 Mu Ling Lan was extremely tired, he was breathing roughly.


 “Wait, there’s someone on the mound!” Mu Ling Lan suddenly stood up with a ruthless expression.


 “Calm down, calm down!” A figure had to walk out of the forest on the mound.


 Mu Ling Lan saw this person and became stunned.


 Zhao Lian Yun was frozen like a statue.


 Because the one who appeared in front of them was Ma Hong Yun!


 All of the immortals were in terrible conditions, but Ma Hong Yun was wearing clean clothes as he chewed on a half eaten fruit.


 “You are Ma Hong Yun!” Mu Ling Lan shouted in surprise.


 Ma Hong Yun took a step back: “Are you also here to capture me?”


 Zhao Lian Yun tried her best to get up, as she stood shakily.


 She looked at Ma Hong Yun, her throat was moving but no voice came out. As the price for using love Gu earlier, she had been using Gu worms to speak, but inside Reverse Flow River, no Gu worms could be used.


 At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun finally saw the lover that she had been thinking of for so long.


 She was extremely agitated, she took a step forward.


 But at the next moment, she hesitated.


 How did she look like now? She was clear in her heart.


 She was no longer young, she was an elderly woman. Her hair was white, her face had deep wrinkles, and she was dry like a twig.


 In this appearance, could Ma Hong Yun recognize her?


 Could she meet her lover in this appearance, could she bear to let him see her like this?


 Zhao Lian Yun lost all of her courage.


 She lowered her head, she did not dare to look at Ma Hong Yun’s eyes.


 Zhao Lian Yun was hesitant, but she suddenly heard Ma Hong Yun call out: “You, you are Lady Xiao Yun?”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s body shook.


 She raised her head, only to see that Ma Hong Yun had thrown away the fruit as he ran towards her.


 “Lady Xiao Yun, Lady Xiao Yun! I miss you so much!” Ma Hong Yun shouted loudly.


 Mu Ling Lan saw this and felt a lot of emotions, he explained: “Fairy Lian Yun became like this because she rushed here from Central Continent to save you.”


 “Lady Xiao Yun!” Ma Hong Yun grabbed Zhao Lian Yun’s hands as he stood before her.


 He was also unable to speak, his words were choked in his throat.


 At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun felt: This was truly immense bliss. All of her sacrifices were worth it!



***
Chapter 1278 - Dog Tail Life Extending Ferret


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 A loud sound was heard in the fate reversing refinement sub formation.


 Flood Extremity was no longer surprised, after taking a glance, he looked away.


 During this period, the Gu formation’s pillar of light had shrunken by fifty percent.


 “This Gu formation is quite interesting.” Right at this time, a voice entered Flood Extremity’s ears.


 “Who is it?!” Flood Extremity was shocked, his Gu Immortal aura burst out as he prepared to use his powerful methods.


 “Little one, don’t be afraid, and don’t make a move.” The voice said again.


 At this moment, Flood Extremity could not move.


 He felt like he was in a frozen river.


 This person was powerful beyond imagination. He was a rank seven Gu Immortal, one of Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities, but he could not react before he was suppressed completely!


 “You are the descendant of master, as long as you do not attack me, I will not eat you. Hehehe.” The voice said again.


 Next, Flood Extremity saw a huge, hill-like beast revealing its figure in front of him.


 This was a four legged beast with purple fur.


 It looked like a ferret.


 It was covered in shiny purple fur, its eyes were shining with a purple crystal-like color.


 The most eye catching thing was its tail.


 This was not a ferret tail, but a dog tail.


 A giant ferret with a dog tail?


 Flood Extremity was stunned, before he thought of an existence.


 Indeed, at the next moment, South Desolation Immortal’s letter came from an information path Gu worm in his immortal aperture — he could not leave now, this giant beast was sent here to help, it would deal with any enemy who dares to obstruct Longevity Heaven!


 “You, you are the dog tail life extending ferret? Ancestor Giant Sun’s steed?” Flood Extremity stammered.


 The giant beast nodded before opening its mouth, speaking: “Stop calling me a steed, I have my own name too. I am Mao Li Qiu, you can call me Grandpa Mao.”


 “Mao, Grandpa Mao!” At the other end, Black Extremity was also tongue-tied, he was still in great shock.


 “Okay, forget about this Gu formation. Let’s go to Reverse Flow River and retrieve Ma Hong Yun and that love Gu!” The dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, slashed with its claws.


 Intense winds blew, countless Gu worm auras were exposed, forming an immortal killer move.


 The fate reversing refinement sub formation that Black Extremity had created with much difficulty broke apart, turning into rubble.


 “This?!” Black Extremity’s eyes almost popped out.


 “Stop stammering, is it very fun to disrupt my sleep? Quickly finish this business, your Grandpa Mao has to go back to sleep!”


 The giant ferret, Mao Li Qiu, said this as it breathed out deeply.


 This breath flew rapidly, tying up Flood Extremity and Black Extremity.


 The giant ferret jumped and its huge body flew into the sky.


 Beside it, Black Extremity and Flood Extremity were pulled along by the special breath, going towards Reverse Flow River.


 “What is going on?” The sudden change in Reverse Flow River affected all of the Gu Immortals in it.


 After an intense change, the entirety of Reverse Flow River calmed down, the river water became smooth flowing and had small ripples in it.


 “Reverse Flow River went back to normal?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly, he felt the pressure intensifying in the river.


 There was a large amount of junk unable to move on their own, they were washed down by Reverse Flow River.


 Seeing this, at once, many Gu Immortals chose to go downstream and leave Reverse Flow River by getting to the end.


 This was the only way to get out of Reverse Flow River.


 “The situation is not looking good.” Fang Yuan had not found Ying Wu Xie and gang, he continued moving forward.


 In the sky, Bi Chen Tian and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals were looking down at Reverse Flow River.


 These people were originally trying to swim forward, but Reverse Flow River kept returning to normal as the sub formation was destroyed.


 Bi Chen Tian saw that this was not going well, he could continue, but the other Gu Immortals could not, they went downstream and left Reverse Flow River, flying towards the sky after they got out.


 But this way, they became outsiders, any methods used on Reverse Flow River would be reflected back at them.


 Bi Chen Tian soon found Fang Yuan, who was inside Reverse Flow River.


 “Our fight can be disregarded, as long as you hand over affection Immortal Gu.” Bi Chen Tian spoke to Fang Yuan.


 “This is the rank seven Gu Immortal who could fight evenly with Lord Bi Chen Tian? How did he cultivate?” The other Central Continent Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with shock and curiosity.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, he ignored Bi Chen Tian.


 One of the Central Continent Gu Immortals flew into a rage: “Such audacity! You dare to disrespect Lord Bi Chen Tian!”


 Bi Chen Tian snorted coldly: “You think I can do nothing to you if you hide inside the river?”


 “Before I get washed away, you should worry about yourselves. This is not Central Continent.” Fang Yuan replied fearlessly.


 Bi Chen Tian’s key concern was pointed out, his face turned cold as he ignored Fang Yuan, he started to move in the upstream direction.


 Fang Yuan was a small matter. What was important was Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun.


 Because the dog tail life extending ferret destroyed the sub formation, the complex situation at the surface of the river became easily observable now.


 The junk was all swept away, only some Gu Immortals were left in the river.


 Mu Ling Lan, Zhao Lian Yun, and Ma Hong Yun were at the front.


 The second group were Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Purple Mountain True Monarch, and Lady Wan Shou.


 The third group was rank eight Gu Immortal Wei Ling Yang, as well as some other Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 The fourth group was Ying Wu Xie and gang, as well as some Snowy Mountain peak lords.


 And the fifth group was Fang Yuan alone. When he was swept into Reverse Flow River, he was too far from Snowy Mountain blessed land, thus, he had fallen to the back of the river, even though he tried to swim upstream, the others were also working hard.


 Honestly speaking, the situation was quite interesting.


 “Quick, swim forward!” Mu Ling Lan looked at Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch who were close behind, he spoke anxiously.


 The floating mound earlier was already swept away, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun had to swim forward to avoid getting captured by Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 The second group of Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch were chasing after Ma Hong Yun to capture him.


 The third group including Wei Ling Yang also did not want to give up. As long as they stalled Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun would have the chance to go downstream and the crisis would be resolved.


 Ying Wu Xie and the Snowy Mountain demonic path Gu Immortals also had the same idea as Wei Ling Yang, they were at the back but there was still hope.


 “Quickly look, to the back!” Hei Lou Lan suddenly alerted.


 Ying Wu Xie turned back and looked, his heart jumped: “He actually chased us to this place!”


 This river was calm now, there was no junk left, everyone’s field of vision was clear, thus Ying Wu Xie easily saw Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan still did not know about Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Even though he could see Old Ancestor Xue Hu at this position.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was a miniman, he was the size of a thumb and was sitting on Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s shoulder, it was hard to see him clearly.


 Fang Yuan had no idea what happened in Snowy Mountain blessed land. Even though he met Bi Chen Tian, he had only understood that a battle of rank eights happened here, as for who had the advantage, would Bi Chen Tian tell him?


 Thus, Fang Yuan had always thought that killing Ying Wu Xie and gang would resolve his crisis regarding Shadow Sect.


 Therefore, after seeing Ying Wu Xie, his eyes shone as he swam even more quickly towards Ying Wu Xie.


 “He is our enemy?” A snowy mountain peak lord sneered at Fang Yuan: “Let’s work together and kill him! Outside, the situation is complex with countless Gu Immortal methods available. But here, he is all alone, he is just one person!”


 Once he said that, the Gu Immortals were ready to attack.


 Ying Wu Xie was moved too.


 If they could kill Fang Yuan now, and obtain his sovereign immortal body, it would be a great opportunity.


 “However... the sovereign immortal body is not easy to deal with. I should meet up with Lord Purple first. Our main body is still in the dream realm after all!” Ying Wu Xie thought about it and decided to play safe.


 “Come with us, we will meet up with Ancestor Xue Hu. He is not important, our biggest enemy is Central Continent.” Ying Wu Xie did not expose Fang Yuan’s foundation, he successfully diverted the attention of the Snowy Mountain Gu Immortals.


 “That’s right, let’s meet with old ancestor!” Snowy Mountain’s peak lords could not go downstream now.


 Because a rank eight Central Continent Gu Immortal was in the sky. Once they left Reverse Flow River, they would need to face off against a rank eight Gu Immortal, they had to stay in Reverse Flow River for now.


 But soon, they realized that it was not easy to stay in Reverse Flow River.


 In this special environment, if they could not move forward, the river would push them backwards.


 In the past, Ren Zu had failed in Reverse Flow River, he had failed at the final step before success.


 Nobody thought that they could achieve what Ren Zu did. But in this situation, every wave of Gu Immortals had their own reasons to remain in Reverse Flow River!


 “Ma Hong Yun... you cannot escape.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu had a cold gaze as Lady Wan Shou smiled continuously.


 “Quick, quick. They are catching up.” Mu Ling Lan and Ma Hong Yun dragged Zhao Lian Yun along from either side.


 “Fairy Lian Yun, hang on, we are going to reach soon!” Wei Ling Yang shouted.


 Ying Wu Xie was behind them, waiting to strike. He felt a headache regarding Fang Yuan at the back, he needed to move forward more quickly, to fight for more time later.


 “Ying Wu Xie!” Fang Yuan was shortening his distance with Ying Wu Xie.


 Soon, the first person to be unable to persevere appeared.


 It was one of Snowy Mountain’s peak lords.


 He had used up all his stamina, he floated backwards with a pale expression.


 Fang Yuan avoided him.


 Now was not the time for that, if he stopped for a moment, he would be pushed backwards as well, even if he killed the enemy, his progress would be greatly affected.


 “Be careful!” In the sky, Bi Chen Tian shouted.


 “I finally caught up. You little rats.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was already right behind Zhao Lian Yun’s group.


 Zhao Lian Yun knew that she had no strength left, if this continued, she would only burden Ma Hong Yun.


 She gave Ma Hong Yun one last affectionate look, she suddenly mustered her strength and broke free from his grasp, swimming towards Old Ancestor Xue Hu instead.



***
Chapter 1279 - Fervently Approaching Death!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Mu Ling Lan!” Behind Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Wei Ling Yang shouted angrily.


 Mu Ling Lan was already resolved, he gritted his teeth, moving even more quickly than Zhao Lian Yun, he pushed the weak Zhao Lian Yun into Ma Hong Yun’s arms.


 “You have to live well!”


 Saying this, he turned around and grabbed Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s waist.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu struggled intensely, but he still stop moving forward and was pushed away by the river.


 The danger for Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun was averted.


 “Quick, quickly go!” Ma Hong Yun held onto Zhao Lian Yun as his heart beat rapidly.


 “Meddlesome fool!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu hated Mu Ling Lan to the core, he kicked Mu Ling Lan’s chest several times in the water.


 His dao marks far surpassed Mu Ling Lan’s.


 Mu Ling Lan was rank seven, how could he possible match him?


 Soon, his bones were broken, he was spitting out blood, dying the water red.


 More than ten breaths of time later, Mu Ling Lan could not take it anymore, he stopped breathing as he lost his life.


 Seeing that their companion had died like this, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were all anguished.


 “Mu Ling Lan, Central Continent will remember your sacrifice, Heavenly Court will remember it!” Wei Ling Yang called out, charging at Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was stalled by Mu Ling Lan, he had fallen behind to the third group.


 He was immediately attacked by the furious and upset Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 “Xue Hu!” Lady Wan Shou was worried about her husband, she quickly went to help him.


 Both sides fought for a while, they were pushed backwards and quickly encountered Ying Wu Xie and the others, who were the fourth group.


 As a result, a large number of Gu Immortals were fighting in this river, it was a chaotic scene.


 Bi Chen Tian and the rest were watching in shock.


 Grand Gu Immortals had lost their sagely demeanor, they were fighting in the water like brutish mortals.


 But it was too late for Bi Chen Tian to interfere now.


 Soon, blood dyed the surroundings as many Gu Immortal corpses flowed down the river.


 “Ying Wu Xie!” Fang Yuan joined the group, he had finally arrived.


 “Where is our lord?” Ying Wu Xie finally found Old Ancestor Xue Hu amidst the chaos, he asked this loudly.


 “Upstream!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu answered.


 It turned out that while Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Mu Ling Lan were fighting, Purple Mountain True Monarch had swam upstream to capture Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 Precisely because of this, Old Ancestor Xue Hu could fight with the Central Continent Gu Immortals, this was his plan to obstruct the enemies.


 Ying Wu Xie got his answer and quickly swam with Hei Lou Lan and the rest, away from the fighting as he went towards Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan called out: “Ying Wu Xie, where are you going?”


 Ying Wu Xie sighed, saying: “Tai Bai Yun Sheng.”


 “All of you leave first!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted, he charged at Fang Yuan with a resolute expression of someone disregarding death.


 Fang Yuan was obstructed.


 Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing managed to escape.


 Bam bam bam!


 Fang Yuan’s attacks were powerful, Tai Bai Yun Sheng soon had broken bones and fractures.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng was resolved, he stalled Fang Yuan and grabbed onto him, he even used his teeth to bite and head to slam.


 Fang Yuan could not break free for a period of time.


 In this urgent situation, he exclaimed: “Old Bai, do you still remember Imperial Court blessed land?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was stunned, he exposed a flaw.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a ruthless light, his fingers pierced into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes without mercy.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was heavily injured, blood was pouring out of his eyes.


 Fang Yuan used this chance to unleash the finishing blow as Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped moving entirely.


 He was dead.


 “Hmph!” Fang Yuan shrugged off Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s corpse as he continued to swim, chasing after Ying Wu Xie.


 During this period, the groups with Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Wei Ling Yang were engaged in fierce battle, they had finally separated as both sides suffered great losses.


 Bi Chen Tian looked at Reverse Flow River from above, he could see the situation clearly.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were still at the lead.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was at the second position.


 Ying Wu Xie and the other two were the third.


 Fang Yuan was fourth.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou were the fifth.


 Wei Ling Yang and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals were sixth.


 Bi Chen Tian was anxious, the Central Continent immortals were in an extremely disadvantageous position.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were in front, but there was no longer anyone protecting them.


 The second placed Purple Mountain True Monarch was an enemy, while Ying Wu Xie and gang were vicious members of Shadow Sect. The fifth placed Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou were also out of the question.


 Without any choice, Bi Chen Tian could only approach Fang Yuan.


 “You just need to protect the lives of those two in front, you will obtain the friendship of Central Continent and Heavenly Court!!”


 “You can request anything, do you want Immortal Gu or cultivation resources, will my great Central Continent not be able to satisfy you?”


 “As long as you help to protect Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun!”


 “This again...” Fang Yuan heard this and sighed internally.


 He thought of Imperial Court blessed land.


 Back then, he had to make a choice too. If he chose to save Ma Hong Yun, it would have been extremely profitable for him!


 And now, the situation was quite similar to back then in Imperial Court blessed land.


 But Fang Yuan remained silent, he only continued swimming. He was bent on eliminating Ying Wu Xie and gang now, forget about Ma Hong Yun, he could bugger off.


 But what followed was a long stalemate.


 The further one traveled up Reverse Flow River, the harder it was to keep going.


 Stamina and dao marks were secondary, it was a test of one’s will.


 “Lady Xiao Yun, we need to persevere, I believe that there will be a chance!” Ma Hong Yun continued to speak, encouraging Zhao Lian Yun.


 The river water was icy cold, but inside Ma Hong Yun’s embrace, Zhao Lian Yun felt immeasurable warmth.


 This warmth was a huge driving force for her, she gritted her teeth and persevered on.


 Behind them was Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 “Ma Hong Yun! Zhao Lian Yun! Hehe! As long as I catch you, I will be able to restrain Old Ancestor Xue Hu. At that point, I will get him to deal with Southern Border’s super dream realm.” Purple Mountain True Monarch was planning deeply.


 “Protect Lord Purple!” Ying Wu Xie was worried.


 “Dear, dear, wake up!” Something happened to Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s group.


 Lady Wan Shou had fainted. She was heavily injured in the battle, after enduring and persisting for a while, she fainted.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was flustered.


 He gritted his teeth and stopped swimming, he carried Lady Wan Shou as Reverse Flow River swept them away.


 Wei Ling Yang allowed him to leave, they wanted to have one less competitor.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu quickly left Reverse Flow River, he used his Gu Immortal methods to stabilize Lady Wan Shou’s condition.


 Bi Chen Tian was nervous, he could not deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu alone. The Gu Immortals around him, without any Immortal Gu Houses, could not interfere in a rank eight fight!


 “I will kill you first!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu carefully placed the unconscious Lady Wan Shou in his immortal aperture.


 Next, he charged at Bi Chen Tian.


 He was the number one person in Northern Plains’ demonic path, he was a ruthless person, how could he give up this chance to deal with these weakened opponents?


 “It’s only death at worst.” Bi Chen Tian was resolved to die, he neither evaded nor dodged.


 But right when the two rank eights were about to fight, they felt an intensely strong aura.


 The hill-like dog tailed purple ferret carried Flood Extremity and Black Extremity, as they arrived at the bank of Reverse Flow River.



***
Chapter 1280 - Perseverance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Outside Reverse Flow River.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu wanted to kill Bi Chen Tian, but at this moment, the dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, appeared.


 “Why is this ferret here? Doesn’t it stay inside its cave all the time?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was surprised.


 This ferret had a huge origin, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s steed. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had subdued it in his later years, his motive was clearly to find a lifespan extension method.


 The dog tail life extending ferret’s dao marks were very numerous and mystical.


 As it grew older, the dog tail would shrink as its lifespan decreased. When its lifespan nears its end, the tail would vanish.


 Thus, whenever it sensed that its life was ending, it would devour an immemorial desolate beast dog. After consuming it, the dog tail life extending ferret would gain the lifespan of this immemorial desolate beast dog, its tail would grow out and it would continue living.


 Precisely so, even after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died, the dog tail life extending ferret still lived until now.


 This giant ferret was enlightened by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it gained intelligence and learned to use Gu worms and even immortal killer moves.


 It was an immemorial desolate beast to begin with, now that it had wisdom and could use Immortal Gu and other methods, it had unfathomably deep strength.


 Even Old Ancestor Xue Hu was wary of it.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu had wanted to deal with Bi Chen Tian, but with the dog tail life extending ferret’s appearance, he discarded this plan.


 “To think that Mao Li Qiu would save me!” Bi Chen Tian let out a breath of air, he relaxed slightly.


 He also knew about the dog tail life extending ferret.


 Immemorial desolate beasts of this level were too famous. It was like Central Continent’s Huo Kong, or that Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng, they were unique existences, their battle strength was at the peak of rank eight!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu quickly focused his gaze on the two Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals accompanying the dog tail life extending ferret.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s gaze focused on Black Extremity.


 He chuckled coldly: “As expected, Sun Ming Lu, you are a member of Longevity Heaven! To think that Longevity Heaven had targeted me since so long ago.”


 He had already made a guess earlier, now that he saw Black Extremity, it was confirmed.


 Black Extremity greeted Old Ancestor Xue Hu respectfully: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, we meet again. I am one of Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities, Black Extremity, Sun Ming Lu is simply a name I use when I travel in Northern Plains.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu chuckled coldly again, but he did not attack.


 Because Black Extremity was beside the dog tail life extending ferret.


 It was not like Old Ancestor Xue Hu feared Mao Li Qiu, but he knew that the crux of this issue was not the three of them, it was the events in Reverse Flow River.


 With the situation in Reverse Flow River unconfirmed, it was not time to fight, a third party would benefit if he did.


 After Black Extremity and Old Ancestor Xue Hu exchanged greetings, their gazes became fixed on Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 “Grandpa Mao, the two at the front are our targets!” Black Extremity reminded the dog tail life extending ferret.


 Bi Chen Tian frowned slightly.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s cold laughter became even colder.


 But Mao Li Qiu nonchalantly curled its lips, its beast face made a very human-like expression: “No rush! Wait for them to decide a victor. We are outside Reverse Flow River, we can use Gu worms but we cannot affect the river itself. Any method used on Reverse Flow River will be reflected back upon us, why would I waste my effort? Reverse Flow River would only lose some water when it reflects an attack, this river is huge, how long would it take to dry out this river? I would not do something so time consuming and pointless!”


 Saying this, it paused before saying: “Don’t worry, these people can’t continue for long. The further they swim, the more it tests their will. Hehe, they are swimming in Reverse Flow River, any thoughts of persevering in this river would be reversed by the river, any sort of determination would waver, they would eventually be washed away by the river.”


 The three rank eight existences were wary of each other, they did not fight.


 Outside the river, there was a deadlock, the Gu Immortals thus looked towards Reverse Flow River.


 Inside the river.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were still at the lead.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was second, he was inching closer to them.


 Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and Hei Lou Lan were third.


 Next was Fang Yuan.


 The fifth position was originally Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou, but earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had given up the contest for the sake of his unconscious wife, he went outside the river.


 Thus, the fifth position went to Heavenly Court’s rank eight rule path Gu Immortal Wei Ling Yang, and several Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch moved with all four limbs, flapping his thin wings at times.


 Ma and Zhao were already close by.


 “I need to persevere and capture these two, I will be able to control Old Ancestor Xue Hu and deal with Central Continent!”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was filled with determination.


 Reverse Flow River’s water continued to assault the will in his mind.


 He shrugged his head, trying to get rid of his hesitation.


 “Ninety thousand years ago, heaven’s will attacked. I deduced with all my effort and found a trace of hope for survival. By sealing myself, I turned into a purple-gold rock. But to think that heaven’s will would still harm me and I would go into a crazy state at times.”


 “These last hundred thousand years, I woke up many times and experienced great danger, I only escaped from danger and survived with Shadow Sect’s help.”


 “Right now, my main body refined sovereign immortal aperture, but it was stolen from us.”


 “My main body is stuck in the dream realm, being in great danger.”


 “The great Shadow Sect is just a shadow of its past, I cannot fail in this situation, I need to persevere, I need to capture Zhao and Ma.”


 “I am about to succeed!”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes were shining, he was extremely close to the two.


 “Oh no, Purple Mountain True Monarch is about to reach Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun!” The Central Continent Gu Immortals were shocked.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Ying Wu Xie had expressions filled with joy.


 “What do we do?” Flood Extremity shouted.


 “Nothing!” Mao Li Qiu rolled its eyes: “Unless they come out.”


 “Ah——!” But at this moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch suddenly grabbed his head as he screamed, he struggled intensely as he showed intense pain on his face.


 “What is going on?”


 “What happened?”


 The immortals were perplexed.


 “At this very moment, damn it!” Ying Wu Xie internally cursed heaven’s will.


 At the crucial moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch fell into madness, he went downstream with the currents.


 Thankfully, Ying Wu Xie and gang were following Purple Mountain True Monarch as insurance if he went crazy, he quickly grabbed Purple Mountain True Monarch as the four swam upstream together.


 Thus, Ma and Zhao escaped from the dangerous situation, they were still in first place.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had fallen behind, becoming second place with Ying Wu Xie and gang.


 Third was Fang Yuan.


 And fourth was Wei Ling Yang and his Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 “Lord Wei Ling Yang, it all depends on you now!” Bi Chen Tian was overjoyed.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals also started cheering.


 It was good news to Central Continent that something happened to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Especially those Gu Immortals who did not know Fang Yuan, they felt that right now, only Central Continent’s rank eight Wei Ling Yang was left, even though he was in last place, he could still win!


 Wei Ling Yang was gritting his teeth.


 The difficulty of swimming was rising, and more importantly, the Reverse Flow River was affecting his every thought.


 Any thoughts of persevering and swimming ahead would be obstructed by Reverse Flow River.


 Many thoughts were washed away, but there was one thought that was rooted in Wei Ling Yang’s mind!


 “I need to persevere!”


 “I am the only hope left in Central Continent, if we capture Ma Hong Yun and save Zhao Lian Yun, we will be able to return victorious.”


 “I cannot fail!”


 “Central Continent’s pride, Heavenly Court’s honor, they cannot be lost because of me!!”


 Wei Ling Yang swam ahead stably without any hesitation.


 The Gu Immortals around him also followed.


 These Gu Immortals formed the biggest force in Reverse Flow River, it was eye-catching.


 Even the dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, said: “Oh? It seems that Central Continent has a huge advantage. Hmph, Heavenly Court still likes meddling so much, this will not do, Ma Hong Yun is a Northern Plainsman!”


 Bi Chen Tian frowned.


 He looked at Mao Li Qiu, and Old Ancestor Xue Hu whose face was cold as ice, he was worried: “Even if Wei Ling Yang defeats the competitors and obtains Ma and Zhao, what will happen after he leaves Reverse Flow River?”


 Bi Chen Tian thought from all angles, he could not find a way to escape, he could only continue watching.


 Time passed by the seconds and minutes.


 The situation was still the same in Reverse Flow River.


 Ma and Zhao were first.


 Ying Wu Xie and gang were second.


 Fang Yuan was third.


 And Wei Ling Yang and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals were fourth.


 The positions did not change, but their mutual distances had evidently shrunk.


 “Oh? These people have all lasted until now, strange, why are there so many outstanding people here?” The dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, quipped: “As expected, the great era is coming, in an era which would create a venerable, a great number of geniuses and talented individuals would emerge like a tide.”


 Bi Chen Tian’s eyes were shining too.


 He was assessing the Central Continent Gu Immortals, and memorizing their faces.


 These people had firm determination, if they grew without any accidents, they surely would be important pillars of each sect!


 “Persevere! The mission of protecting Fairy Lian Yun is in my hands, I cannot give up!” Bu Zhen Zi frowned.


 “Just like refining Gu, no matter how tough it is, or how unpredictable the results, as long as I persevere, I will be rewarded.” Yu Yi Ye Zi encouraged himself.


 Shi Zheng Yi had an angry expression: “Lord Mu Ling Lan was sacrificed to protect Fairy Lian Yun, how can I back down? Work harder! Shi Zheng Yi! For the sake of love and justice, you cannot back down!!”


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, he stared ahead at Ying Wu Xie: “Such a close relationship, that rank eight miniman Gu Immortal who went crazy must be a member of Shadow Sect. I must kill him, I must eliminate them all! Inside Reverse Flow River, it is the best opportunity for me to eliminate these threats once and for all!”



***
Chapter 1281 - Washed Away


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Reverse Flow River flowed silently.


 The further they went ahead, the calmer the river surface.


 However, to the swimmers, Reverse Flow River was like a torrential tide, it defied all thoughts of traveling ahead.


 Destruction of the body was not scary, destruction of thoughts and the mind was scary.


 In the past, even Ren Zu failed in Reverse Flow River. These Gu Immortals were doing the same thing as Ren Zu now.


 “Damn it, I cannot continue anymore!” At the next moment, Yu Yi Ye Zi reached his limits, he could not continue anymore, he was washed away by the tides.


 And the second Central Continent Gu Immortal, followed by the third.


 Shi Zheng Yi gave it his all, but he failed and was washed away by Reverse Flow River.


 Bu Zhen Zi was unwilling, but he could only float away.


 Bi Chen Tian and the rest were showing ugly expressions as each Central Continent Gu Immortal got eliminated.


 Not long after, out of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, only rank eight Wei Ling Yang was left.


 Being able to reach rank eight, he truly had shocking willpower!


 Wei Ling Yang showed the foundation of a rank eight great expert.


 As for those Gu Immortals who were washed away, they were all gathered by Bi Chen Tian and went back to the group, they were not obstructed by Old Ancestor Xue Hu, or the dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu.


 “Why is it that our Gu Immortals were all swept away, but these random people are still inside the river?” Some Central Continent Gu Immortals were very unhappy towards Ying Wu Xie’s gang and Fang Yuan.


 “At merely rank six, their willpower is truly shocking. But we were all defeated, they will fail soon.” A Central Continent Gu Immortal who was just swept out of the river said.


 But they did not managed to see Fang Yuan or Ying Wu Xie fail, before a situation occurred around Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun, who was swimming forward, choked on the river water as he was nearly swept away.


 “Be careful!” Bi Chen Tian couldn’t help but call out.


 Ying Wu Xie was overjoyed, but soon, Ma Hong Yun continued to swim forward, moving his arms.


 It was just a scare.


 “It’s that girl, hehe, her willpower is shocking too.” Mao Li Qiu could see the subtle details.


 At the crucial moment, Zhao Lian Yun had helped Ma Hong Yun and stabilized his condition.


 The truth was, after Reverse Flow River went back to normal, the river surface became smooth, it did not challenge one’s physical stamina as much. Especially towards the upstream, the river became more shallow, but its reflective power against willpower and mental energy became stronger.


 “Hong Yun, we cannot be separated anymore.”


 “Do you know, in order to be with you again, how much have I experienced, how much hardship have I gone through, and how much I have lost?”


 Zhao Lian Yun had lost her voice and could not speak, but at this moment, she had no such energy anyway.


 Her aged body was unleashing strength that even Zhao Lian Yun could not believe she had.


 Zhao Lian Yun had forgotten about her stamina and age, she was purely wanting to be together with Ma Hong Yun.


 Even if they were swimming for their lives, and could not even look at each other.


 Even if she could not speak, and danger was right behind them.


 “No matter how bad the situation is, I need to persevere. Every minute and second that I spend with him, fighting alongside him, regardless of the situation, I have never been so blissful!”


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun continued moving forward, even though they were slow, the situation was stabilizing.


 It was just a scare.


 Bi Chen Tian and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals, and even Flood Extremity and Black Extremity, were having their hearts shake from the shock.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu snorted coldly, he did not conceal his disappointment.


 The immortals watched Reverse Flow River, every action caused deep emotions to form in their hearts.


 Even though some of them were rank eight existences, and even though the rank six and seven Gu Immortals were experts among those with the same cultivation level, elites of their regions.


 “Even my immortal zombie body is feeling tired?” Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was on his head, pulling Ying Wu Xie’s hair, he was causing a din as he cried or laughed at times.


 “I am just a split soul of the main body, I have not lived for a long time.”


 “But since coming to life, I knew that I had my own responsibilities!”


 “Right now, Lord Purple is crazy, I cannot ignore him, he might choke to death in the river, I am Shadow Sect’s only hope.”


 “Even if I die from exhaustion here, I cannot give up. Only by capturing Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun can I stall for time until Lord Purple awakens again!”


 His duty was making Ying Wu Xie persevere.


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, her chest was pumping up and down.


 “Hehehe,” she even laughed lightly, her face was distorted, excitement was in her eyes.


 “Exciting!”


 “This is truly exciting!”


 “In Reverse Flow River, I have experienced a new type of excitement never felt before, this is the road that Ren Zu once walked on!”


 “Interesting, this is simply too interesting!!”


 “Even if I fail, this trip was worth it. Even if I die, this life was worth it!”


 Hei Lou Lan was filled with anger.


 “How can I stop here?”


 “Mother, I have not avenged you yet!”


 “I have not killed that man with my own hands yet!”


 “Argh!”


 “I need to persevere...”


 Hei Lou Lan was trembling, she was showing indomitable willpower.


 However, as time passed, some people could not persevere.


 “Will my excitement end here?”


 “I... have not... taken revenge yet...”


 Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan were out of energy, they were washed away.


 But their safety was ensured, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was already waiting for them outside.


 This way, there were only six people left in Reverse Flow River.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were still at first place.


 Ying Wu Xie and the crazy Purple Mountain True Monarch were second.


 Fang Yuan was third.


 Wei Ling Yang was fourth.


 “There is still hope!” Right now, Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hopes were all on Ying Wu Xie.


 As long as Ying Wu Xie captured Ma and Zhao, Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s side would gain the initiative, they would be able to threaten Bi Chen Tian and the others, as well as Longevity Heaven’s dog tail life extending ferret.


 But if Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were swept away, then everyone would have a chance, a huge battle would occur, it was unclear who would win. It would depend on their strength and also luck.


 “Lord Wei Ling Yang, it will depend on you now.” Bi Chen Tian thought, he clenched his fists that were full of sweat.


 The dog tail life extending ferret was laughing.


 Its eyes were staring at the river, thinking of something.


 “Ah! The glory of Heavenly Court...” A moment later, Wei Ling Yang sighed out loud as he reached his limits, despite his unwillingness, he was washed away by Reverse Flow River.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were shocked, they were completely stunned.


 Someone screamed in disbelief: “How can this be? Lord Wei Ling Yang is a rank eight Gu Immortal, how could he lose to these people?”


 “Swimming in Reverse Flow River has nothing to do with cultivation level, it depends on your willpower.” Someone explained.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were silent, did this mean that the great rank eight Central Continent Gu Immortal, Wei Ling Yang’s willpower, was inferior to these people?


 Bi Chen Tian slowly spoke: “Don’t forget, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun had rested on the floating mound earlier, according to the information, they even had fruits to eat, when Reverse Flow River engulfed everything, they were at the front, the Gu Immortals behind them also went through many struggles, their stamina and willpower were greatly expended.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals finally realized.


 “That’s true.”


 “Even though Lord Wei Ling Yang lost, if they had the same starting point, he would definitely be the victor!”


 Because of Bi Chen Tian’s words, the Central Continent Gu Immortals’ morale stabilized.


 Bi Chen Tian was expressionless, his mood was heavy.


 “What do we do now?” Bi Chen Tian was hesitant.


 The Central Continent group had a huge disadvantage.


 The wise choice was to retreat and preserve their strength. They could go to black heaven and try to meet with Myriad Tidal Dragon, using the Immortal Gu House to see if they could turn this around.


 There was a third option, it was to stay here and contest for Ma and Zhao with Old Ancestor Xue Hu and the dog tail life extending ferret.


 “We should discuss this after Wei Ling Yang returns.” This was a huge matter, Bi Chen Tian could not make the decision, he was not the leader, Wei Ling Yang was.


 But while they were waiting, another change occurred in Reverse Flow River.


 “I... will not give in!” Ying Wu Xie bellowed as he raised his head, but Reverse Flow River engulfed him as he was swept away.


 “Is it finally ending! Ying Wu Xie, die!!” Fang Yuan screamed internally, he was waiting for this moment all along.


 He collided heavily with Ying Wu Xie.


 Both sides were fighting in the water, they stopped advancing.


 This way, Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie, as well as Purple Mountain True Monarch, could not help but be washed downstream by Reverse Flow River.


 Sovereign immortal body versus the strength path immortal zombie.


 Undeniably, Ying Wu Xie was at a disadvantage, he was quickly beaten until he suffered bone fractures by Fang Yuan’s punches and kicks.


 But the immortal zombie body was dead to begin with, its only weakness was the brain. Even the heart was not a weakness.


 Fang Yuan had become an immortal zombie for some time, he naturally knew this, but Ying Wu Xie was defending his head, he disregarded the rest of his body and only protected his skull.


 Undeniably, this was a wise decision.


 Once he stalled for time and Fang Yuan was swept out of Reverse Flow River, Ying Wu Xie would counterattack.


 Don’t forget, Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were already outside the river.


 Among everyone here, Fang Yuan was the only one who was truly alone.


 He was racing against time!


 Fang Yuan wanted to kill Ying Wu Xie and Purple Mountain True Monarch before they got out of Reverse Flow River.


 While Ying Wu Xie was stalling for time, trying to survive.


 Fang Yuan was not able to do anything to Ying Wu Xie at the moment.



***
Chapter 1282 - Surpassing Ren Zu?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The most important reason was: Fighting in water greatly affected Fang Yuan’s ability to attack consecutively.


 Because he needed to breathe outside the water at certain intervals.


 In this aspect, Fang Yuan was inferior to the dead Mu Ling Lan. He was a water path Gu Immortal, he had special water path dao marks that allowed him to breathe underwater.


 On the other hand, the immortal zombie did not need to breathe, as it was dead to begin with.


 “Hmph!” Fang Yuan could not attack successfully, he changed his target towards Purple Mountain True Monarch, who was in Ying Wu Xie’s arms.


 Ying Wu Xie was worried about Purple Mountain True Monarch’s safety, he wanted to try and save him.


 But Fang Yuan changed his target again, poking at Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


 This was a vicious move.


 As long as he succeeded, Fang Yuan would be able to stab into Ying Wu Xie’s brain and end his life for good.


 Ying Wu Xie’s heart was jumping, it was too late to defend himself, he fell into despair.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch suddenly stood up and charged at Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan had the initiative, he could easily defend himself. He grabbed Purple Mountain True Monarch and tried to squeeze his fist and kill Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch had unfathomable capabilities, and was a wisdom path Gu Immortal with deep wisdom path dao mark accumulation, Fang Yuan felt like he was grabbing an eel, it was so slippery, Purple Mountain True Monarch somehow managed to squeeze himself out of his fist.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch escaped Fang Yuan’s demonic clutches, he moved agilely in the water, his wings gave him more mobility, Fang Yuan actually missed all of his attacks.


 Next, Purple Mountain True Monarch flew to Ying Wu Xie and grabbed his shirt, swimming desperately and managing to get free from Fang Yuan.


 Ying Wu Xie was shocked and overjoyed, seeing Purple Mountain True Monarch regain clarity in his eyes, he knew that at this crucial moment of life and death, Purple Mountain True Monarch had regained his senses!


 “This is great!” Ying Wu Xie was overjoyed, with Purple Mountain True Monarch now clear-headed, they could capture Ma and Zhao again.


 “Quickly leave!” Purple Mountain True Monarch carried Ying Wu Xie as they moved downstream, rapidly escaping.


 He was tiny but he had great strength.


 “Lord Purple!” Ying Wu Xie understood something immediately, as soon, Purple Mountain True Monarch fell into insanity once again.


 “Oh!’ Ying Wu Xie sighed deeply, he knew why Purple Mountain True Monarch wanted to retreat, because his condition was not stable.


 Because of Purple Mountain True Monarch, Fang Yuan could not eliminate Ying Wu Xie.


 Furthermore, he was lagging behind.


 He was far from Ma and Zhao.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu had an unhappy expression.


 Because Ying Wu Xie and Purple Mountain True Monarch left, only three people were left in Reverse Flow River. 

 They were Ma Hong Yun, Zhao Lian Yun, and Fang Yuan.


 “Who is this? He is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, but he dares to foil my plan?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu had deep killing intent towards Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan was already standing beside Old Ancestor Xue Hu, hearing Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s words, her heart jumped.


 Fang Yuan clearly had deep enmity with Ying Wu Xie, she had to answer this question now.


 Hei Lou Lan was a member of Shadow Sect, at this moment, she could not expose Fang Yuan’s true identity, but thankfully, he had another identity, so she said: “He is Liu Guan Yi.”


 “Liu Guan Yi? The demonic path Gu Immortal who killed Ye Lui Qun Xing and cultivates ancient sword dragon transformation?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was stunned before replying.


 He knew about Liu Guan Yi.


 Even though he was refining Gu in Snowy Mountain, he still paid attention to the situation in Northern Plains.


 Because the rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains were all obstacles for him in refining Fortune Rivalling Heaven. As for Liu Guan Yi, and Chu Du, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was not too concerned about them.


 But to think that this insignificant character was actually foiling his plan at this moment.


 “Hahaha, luck is truly on our side.” The dog tail life extending ferret laughed loudly, waves of noise billowed.


 Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang had gathered together, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals waited solemnly. They had chosen to stay and wait for a chance.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing stood together.


 The three parties were all at the starting point, waiting for Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun to be swept away.


 “Fairy Lian Yun, Ma Hong Yun, you can come out now, even if us Gu Immortals of Central Continent have to sacrifice our lives, we will defend you.” Wei Ling Yang called out.


 “Laughable! You Central Continent fellows want to snatch them from me, Grandpa Mao?!” The dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, was furious and spoke in displeasure.


 Black Extremity was worried that Mao Li Qiu’s scary appearance would frighten Ma Hong Yun, he quickly added: “Ma Hong Yun, you are acknowledged by fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu and have Giant Sun’s bloodline, you are a member of Longevity Heaven. Longevity Heaven is the origin of our bloodline, it is the grotto-heaven of Ancestor Giant Sun. We are here to bring you home.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu snorted, pressuring Fang Yuan: “Liu Guan Yi, if you can capture Ma and Zhao, I will allow you to become the third peak lord of Snowy Mountain. I, Xue Hu, am one to hold my word, you can rest assured. If you succeed, I will back you up, your future cultivation journey will be smooth sailing.”


 Hearing this, the other Gu Immortals started to look at Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan lost the chance to kill Ying Wu Xie.


 There was no other way.


 He had tried his best.


 But the foundation of rank eight was immense, the advantage of the strength path immortal zombie body in Reverse Flow River and most importantly, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s moment of clarity, pushed him towards the abyss of failure.


 “I failed again!”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 The situation was horrible for him. Out of the three rank eight existences outside the river, he could only join Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 But Old Ancestor Xue Hu was with the members of Shadow Sect.


 “If I leave Reverse Flow River, these three rank eights will attack me. My speed cannot match Hui Feng Zi, even with myriad self and familiar face, the hope of escaping from them is likely very slim.”


 Fang Yuan was very clear on his current situation.


 “However, if I can capture Ma and Zhao, I will have the best bargaining chips. Central Continent and Longevity Heaven will be willing to transact, not to mention Old Ancestor Xue Hu as well, by then, I could use them to help eliminate Shadow Sect!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan stared at Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 He swam upstream, charging towards the two of them.


 Ma and Zhao saw Fang Yuan’s movement, they were the only ones ahead of him now, his animosity was obvious.


 Ma and Zhao could only grit their teeth and continue swimming.


 “Persevere!”


 “I have just escaped from Snowy Mountain, I cannot be captured again!”


 “There is also Lady Xiao Yun, she became like this because of me, I need to save her!!”


 “Thus, I need to persevere.”


 “Ma Hong Yun, you can do it, work hard!”


 Ma Hong Yun gritted his teeth, he desperately swam, even though he was very tired, he had strong driving force in his heart.


 Fang Yuan’s speed was faster than Ma and Zhao.


 But because he had fought with Ying Wu Xie earlier, he was pushed back by Reverse Flow River for some time.


 Thus, Ma and Zhao were very safe, unless they could not hold on anymore.


 As time passed, this mystical competition was reaching its end.


 Outside the river, large numbers of Gu Immortals were observing the three people in Reverse Flow River.


 “Hmm?” At this time, Zhao Lian Yun’s expression suddenly changed.


 While swimming, her legs had touched the ground.


 Next, she subconsciously stepped on the ground and stood up from Reverse Flow River, her head and shoulders was exposed above the water.


 This change made both her and Ma Hong Yun extremely joyful.


 “How could this happen?” Flood Extremity was extremely shocked.


 The dog tail life extending ferret yawned: “Are you ignorant! Upstream in Reverse Flow River, it gets shallower and shallower, did you people not read >? Back then, Ren Zu wanted to walk out of Reverse Flow River, he failed at the last step.”


 “So it is like this!” Mao Li Qiu spoke loudly, the Central Continent Gu Immortals finally realized it.


 “Unknowingly, the two of them have already reached the end.”


 “Look, they are only a hundred steps away from the shore.”


 “Does this mean Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun will be able to break the record and achieve what Ren Zu could not do, forcefully getting out of Reverse Flow River from the front?!”


 “That might not be, Ren Zu had swam from the bottom of the river, Ma and Zhao had a much easier time.”


 “Even so, this is a grand feat!”


 “That’s right, their willpower is simply shocking!!”


 The Gu Immortals were all discussing this.


 Even Mao Li Qiu was moved: “This is true, Ma Hong Yun is really something! He might be able to charge out of Reverse Flow River. Hehe.”


 Black Extremity and Flood Extremity looked at each other, the former said arrogantly: “As expected of the person chosen by fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan was still swimming, trying to reach them, when Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were already walking in Reverse Flow River.


 Almost all the Gu Immortals were looking at Ma and Zhao.


 The immortals wanted to know if these two could break the record of human history, and in a sense, surpass Ren Zu and walk out of Reverse Flow River from the front!


 One step at a time.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun supported each other, as they walked forward shakily but with determination.


 They were extremely tired, their bodies were numb, but they still persevered.


 Almost every step, their bodies would shake like tree branches in the wind. It would not be strange if any of them fainted at the very next moment.


 But in this condition, they continued to advance.


 This situation created a huge impact on these immortals’ hearts.


 “What sort of willpower is this!”


 “Is this the power of love?”


 “The two of them are supporting each other through thick and thin, and are walking side by side. Regardless of the result, I feel deep admiration towards the two of them.”


 The river water’s turbulence gradually stopped, as Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun finally approached the end of the river, everyone held their breaths in anticipation.



***
Chapter 1283 - Immemorial Secrets of Reverse Flow River


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Am I going to fail...” Fang Yuan was still swimming, seeing this, his heart sank: “No, until the final moment, I still have a chance, I cannot give up!”


 “The final step!” Bi Chen Tian cried out.


 The immortals did not dare to breathe loudly, they were nervous, staring at this grand moment.


 “Grandpa Mao, get ready to save Ma Hong Yun, we will fight for them the moment they get out!” Black Extremity transmitted, reminding the dog tail life extending ferret.


 But the latter replied: “No need.”


 “Grandpa Mao, what do you mean?” Black Extremity was anxious.


 Because now, Ma Hong Yun was holding Zhao Lian Yun’s hand, taking the final step.


 His left leg was still in Reverse Flow River, but right now, the river water was not even at the sole of his left foot. Meanwhile, his right foot was already in the air, about to step out of the river.


 At this moment, nobody could stop Ma Hong Yun, unless Zhao Lian Yun went crazy or if Ma Hong Yun gave up.


 But none of these happened.


 Ma Hong Yun took a step forward!


 Ping.


 With a soft sound, water splattered.


 He stepped on water.


 “Why is there water?” Ma Hong Yun was stunned, Zhao Lian Yun was also dazed.


 They saw clearly that when Ma Hong Yun took the final step, the river water also moved forward by a little.


 Thus, Ma Hong Yun was still in Reverse Flow River.


 “How can this be?” Ma Hong Yun could not believe it, he gritted his teeth and took a second step.


 This time, a similar thing happened, Reverse Flow River moved ahead again, causing him to remain in the river.


 The immortals were shocked.


 How could Reverse Flow River do this?


 This was simply too shameless!


 “Hahaha!” Mao Li Qiu suddenly laughed out loud: “This is too fun, this is too fun! Look at your faces, hahaha, this is too funny, too funny.”


 The immortals’ expressions changed.


 Black Extremity understood something after recalling Mao Li Qiu’s earlier words, he realized at once that Mao Li Qiu was sure Ma Hong Yun could not step out of Reverse Flow River, that was why it was so calm and did not try to snatch them.


 “Grandpa Mao, what is going on?” Flood Extremity was impatient, he asked curiously.


 “Hahaha, you fools, look at your faces!” Mao Li Qiu was laughing as his claws slammed on the ground, he was extremely overjoyed.


 “Reverse Flow River itself is like this!”


 “It has upstream and downstream parts, but it is impossible to try and forcefully leave the river from upstream. Because Reverse Flow River has no end. Every step you take at the final stretch of the river would just create a new extension of the river.”


 “During the immemorial era, Ren Zu wanted to save his son, but fate Gu dictated the life and death of all beings. How can a dead person have a second life? That was against the rules of heaven and earth, thus, wisdom Gu did not tell Ren Zu that there was such a mystical aspect in Reverse Flow River.”


 “Hahaha, this is too funny, to think that we would encounter something so funny!”


 Mao Li Qiu said this as it laughed maniacally, it even rolled on the ground, patting its tummy.


 The immortals’ expressions completely changed.


 This was an immemorial secret.


 Everyone was hearing it for the first time.


 “This means that in the legends, wisdom Gu entrapped Ren Zu?”


 “Ren Zu failed at the final step, but the truth is there was no final step. Because Reverse Flow River is endless to begin with.”


 “This is a scheme. Wisdom Gu specially set this trap!”


 “Wait, does that mean that Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are trapped inside Reverse Flow River forever?”


 Someone said that and reminded everyone.


 The immortals turned their gazes towards Reverse Flow River.


 But this time, they paid no attention to Ma and Zhao, they were looking at Fang Yuan who was not far behind.


 Fang Yuan!


 He did not give up. As a result of his perseverance, there was a huge opportunity now!


 “This Liu Guan Yi was not swept away, he is still persevering, he is very close to Ma and Zhao now!”


 “That means with his speed, he can definitely catch up to Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun?”


 “Liu Guan Yi has immense battle strength, the battle earlier states everything. He had fought Lord Bi Chen Tian evenly in Reverse Flow River!”


 The other Gu Immortals were all eliminated!


 Only Fang Yuan, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were left.


 Right now, even if the Gu Immortals outside Reverse Flow River wanted to catch up to them, there was no time. And more importantly, they were all eliminated, all of their mental energy regarding swimming upstream had been consumed, they had no determination to swim in Reverse Flow River anymore for this period of time.


 “Damn it, the only hope now is that Liu Guan Yi will overly exert himself?” Bi Chen Tian thought about it, his forehead was full of sweat.


 He suddenly reminded Ma and Zhao, “Walk slowly, don’t rush, as long as you maintain your current speed, you can stay in Reverse Flow River!”


 Bi Chen Tian had fought with Fang Yuan, he knew about Fang Yuan’s immense strength when fighting in Reverse Flow River!


 On this point, Ying Wu Xie, who had just escaped from Reverse Flow River, could prove it with his injuries. He had Purple Mountain True Monarch’s help and was an immortal zombie, but he was still one step away from dying.


 Thus, with Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun on Central Continent’s side, they should avoid meeting with Fang Yuan.


 They needed to stall for time until Fang Yuan could no longer persevere.


 This was Central Continent’s only hope of victory!


 But Fang Yuan continued moving ahead, he was not fast, but compared to the turtle-like speed of Ma and Zhao, he was like a rocket.


 Not long after, he also stood on the riverbed, he was just a hundred steps away from Ma and Zhao.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu suddenly spoke: “Very good, Liu Guan Yi, capture the two of them, you can ask for any request from me. Right now, you are wanted by both Liu tribe and Ye Lui tribe, but if you hand them to me, I will be your ally! Anyone who tries to deal with you will have to face me, Xue Hu!”


 Wei Ling Yang was stunned, he also spoke: “Liu Guan Yi, we are Central Continent’s ten great sects, as well as Heavenly Court’s members. If you can protect them, you can join Central Continent, we can modify your immortal aperture and let you adapt to Central Continent’s heaven and earth qi! You will become a true Central Continent Gu Immortal! After this merit, Central Continent will not disappoint you, whatever Old Ancestor Xue Hu can give you, we can give you several times that, or even tens of times as many benefits to you.”


 “Hmph! Liu Guan Yi, even though you do not have the Huang Jin bloodline, as long as you protect both Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, and hand them to Longevity Heaven, we can make an exception and allow you to become our external supreme elder! Joining Longevity Heaven will grant you unthinkable benefits. You will be in Northern Plains’ righteous path and not demonic path. Not only will you no longer be wanted by anyone, all the Huang Jin tribes will welcome you.” Flood Extremity also said in response.



***
Chapter 1284 - Ma Hong Yun’s Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was indeed a funny situation.


 All three sides gave Fang Yuan attractive offers.


 Fang Yuan’s position was too advantageous, if he succeeded in this attempt, regardless of which side he joined, he would gain great benefits.


 However, Fang Yuan did not respond.


 He had no spare energy to speak.


 He stepped on the riverbed as he stood up and walked ahead.


 He knew that talking was pointless, only by capturing Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun could he qualify to make conditions and negotiate with the three forces outside.


 The distance was shrinking.


 The people outside Reverse Flow River were watching Fang Yuan’s movements, some were speaking and trying to raise their offers.


 But there was something strange.


 Nobody said anything to threaten Fang Yuan!


 Because everyone knew that Fang Yuan’s public identity, Liu Guan Yi, was someone who could kill Ye Lui Qun Xing, he had outstanding battle strength and even dared to offend Liu tribe, he was a vicious and lawless person. Threatening such a person would only have negative consequences.


 “I must live, I want to be together with Hong Yun!” Zhao Lian Yun sobbed, she chanted in her heart, every step was difficult for her, she was inching forward slowly.


 “I am here, I am right here. Don’t be afraid, Xiao Yun, I will protect you...” Ma Hong Yun was pale as paper, he was holding Zhao Lian Yun’s arm as his vision turned dark, every step he took, he felt an assault of intense dizziness, he felt that he would collapse at any moment.


 “Where are you two going?” Fang Yuan’s voice came from behind Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma and Zhao shook, they turned around.


 Fang Yuan’s hands were already on the shoulders of both Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 “No—!” At this moment, Ma Hong Yun shouted loudly, pushing Zhao Lian Yun away as he charged at Fang Yuan.


 But how could Fang Yuan allow Ma Hong Yun to succeed?


 Earlier, he failed to deal with Ying Wu Xie and Purple Mountain True Monarch, Fang Yuan was already furious. Dealing with Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, a mortal and a false immortal, it was too easy.


 After some dazzling moves that made Ma Hong Yun’s head spin, the two were subdued by Fang Yuan in turn, they were carried in each of his arms, unable to move.


 Ma and Zhao reacted, struggling intensely. But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s cold voice spoke: “Move and I will kill the person you love!”


 Instantly, Ma and Zhao shuddered, they looked at Fang Yuan with immense fear.


 Fang Yuan’s words targeted their greatest weakness.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he carried these two captives as he walked forward.


 In this dangerous situation, Fang Yuan had finally found a way to survive.


 He looked outside the river, saying: “We can negotiate now!”


 “Hahaha, lad, you are quite good. You are like me back in the day, we can talk it through!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed.


 “Don’t be rash, Central Continent can satisfy your needs.” Wei Ling Yang also said.


 “Boring.” Mao Li Qiu pouted, lying on the ground as it wagged its tail, relaxing.


 Black Extremity smiled bitterly: “Liu Guan Yi, just tell us what you want... hmm!”


 At this moment, a change occurred.


 Ma Hong Yun suddenly stopped breathing!


 He was dead!!


 The immortals were shocked, there was pure silence.


 At once, even Fang Yuan was shocked.


 “I did not exert any strength. Oh wait, Ma Hong Yun died of exhaustion! He carried Zhao Lian Yun as they traveled in the river, he was completely overexerting himself, surpassing his limits. Eventually, not only was he out of stamina, he was also drained of mental energy. After I caught him, his body relaxed and he died immediately.”


 Fang Yuan quickly understood.


 This change caught him off guard.


 Ma Hong Yun was dead!


 The immortals gasped.


 “Damn it! Liu Guan Yi, you actually killed him, I will tear your bones and tendons out, I will make sure you die a terrible death!!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu fell into a rage, he screamed loudly as his eyes turned red.


 Ma Hong Yun died, the effect of Fortune Rivalling Heaven also completely dissipated.


 Only a living Ma Hong Yun had value as an immortal material. A dead Ma Hong Yun was just a rank five Gu Master corpse.


 This was why Lady Wan Shou had been keeping Ma Hong Yun alive and did not kill him before trying to refine the Gu.


 Like the spring dream fruit tree, luck path immortal materials also had a special trait, if it was a living luck path immortal material, it had to be alive. Refining the luck path Immortal Gu would require a living refinement in that case.


 “Ma Hong Yun...” Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang were downcast.


 “Little worm, you actually killed Ma Hong Yun, you squeezed him to death!!” Mao Li Qiu shouted even more loudly than Old Ancestor Xue Hu, it was furious and bared its sharp fangs, it was agitated and its hair was standing, it was ready to pounce to devour Fang Yuan alive.


 “Ma Hong Yun actually died?! Never mind, I still have Zhao Lian Yun.” Fang Yuan held in his shock.


 Zhao Lian Yun was covered in tears.


 “Hong Yun!”


 “Hong Yun—!”


 The person she loved had died right in front of her.


 Unparalleled grief and sadness assaulted her and overwhelmed her like a tsunami!


 But she could not scream, she could not shout, she was unable to emit any sound.


 She could only scream in her heart and cry!


 She had spent so much effort to reach this step, she had just reunited with Ma Hong Yun, when they were separated for good.


 What was Zhao Lian Yun going to do now?


 Her tears flowed like a river, the pain was engraved in her soul, extreme grief was causing her to tremble intensely.


 “Oh no.” Fang Yuan quickly made a move, wanting to knock out Zhao Lian Yun.


 It was to prevent Zhao Lian Yun from dying on the spot as well from grief.


 However, right when Fang Yuan was about to hit Zhao Lian Yun’s neck, a blue light burst out from Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


 Rank nine love Immortal Gu!


 At the most critical moment, it displayed its might again.


 “This aura... rank nine love Gu?! Wait, aren’t Gu worms unable to be used in Reverse Flow River?” Flood Extremity called out.


 Mao Li Qiu rolled its eyes: “Are you stupid? How can anything be absolute in this world? Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it is filled with dao marks, preventing Gu worms from being used. But if it is a rank nine Immortal Gu, they are not dao marks but fragments of the Great Dao. And a fragment of the Great Dao cannot be suppressed by Reverse Flow River’s dao marks, the Immortal Gu’s power can be used.”


 “Save him, save him, even if I have to sacrifice my life!” Zhao Lian Yun was overjoyed, she screamed in her heart.


 But love Immortal Gu could not be controlled, the blue light brought Zhao Lian Yun into the sky, escaping Reverse Flow River. It then went to Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian, the speed was simply too fast to react to.


 Meanwhile, Ma Hong Yun’s corpse remained.


 Fang Yuan was holding onto it.


 Even though Ma Hong Yun died, his soul was still in his body.


 But Old Ancestor Xue Hu lost all interest in this corpse already. If reviving Ma Hong Yun would help, Lady Wan Shou would not have used this difficult living refinement method.


 Mao Li Qiu was staring at Fang Yuan, ready to attack.


 Fang Yuan had grasped the chance earlier, but to think that this sudden change would cause Fang Yuan to fall into even bigger danger than before.


 “Such a mishap, it is definitely heaven’s will!”


 Instantly, Fang Yuan understood.


 He had fallen into Reverse Flow River, his Immortal Gu were ineffective, after such a long time passed, heaven’s will had already started its plotting.


 He was first swept into Reverse Flow River, followed by the events of Purple Mountain True Monarch and Ying Wu Xie, and finally, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 Heaven’s will!


 Fang Yuan raised his head.


 At this moment, he was completely trapped.


 Not just Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Mao Li Qiu, and Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, even heaven’s will was everywhere, trying desperately to eliminate this biggest uncontrollable factor!


 “A desperate situation... then, what should I do?”


 Fang Yuan’s mouth was dry.


 But from start to finish, he was expressionless.


 He could not think of a way, just Old Ancestor Xue Hu alone was an enemy Fang Yuan could not face.


 That giant purple ferret was unfathomable, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s steed!


 Not to mention the other Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan had no way, he could only continue moving in Reverse Flow River.


 The clamoring of the Gu Immortals around him continued.


 “Liu Guan Yi, you cannot escape death today.”


 “You committed so much evil, you have done yourself in today, the fact that you are in this state is truly heaven’s judgment!”


 “Kill him, we need to kill him, he actually foiled our plans!”


 “Do you know that you killed someone you could not touch. You will die for sure today!!”


 “Howl—!” The dog tail life extending ferret howled, sound waves resounded endlessly, if not for Reverse Flow River, it would have attacked Fang Yuan already.


 “I have no choice now... if Reverse Flow River sweeps me out, with my current methods, there is little chance of escaping.” Fang Yuan was completely stumped.


 He could only continue moving forward in Reverse Flow River.


 Step by step.


 He was at the front already, every step he took, Reverse Flow River would move forward by a bit, causing Fang Yuan to stay in the river forever.


 Reverse Flow River had no end.


 This was a form of despair.


 But Fang Yuan did not feel anything.


 “In my life, I have experienced too many instances of despair.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 His gaze was clear, he was still expressionless.


 “In the current situation, I can only wait for the three sides to fight, I will then be able to escape. I can only persevere in this river.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Step by step.


 Time passed, the Gu Immortals who were waiting for Fang Yuan to be swept out became frustrated.


 “Is he going to stop?”


 “What’s the point of moving forward in Reverse Flow River? You will still die.”


 “Come out you coward! I will kill you with one slap!”


 “It is hopeless now, Liu Guan Yi, suiciding is the only way you can retain your honor.”


 Some Gu Immortals were laughing, some were watching coldly.


 In their opinion, Fang Yuan was just struggling futilely.



***
Chapter 1285 - Fang Yuan’s Perseverance!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “If you think that there will be a chance to escape when we fight, you can forget about it. Today, I only have one target, that is you. Do you know how much of a price I’ve paid to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu? You foiled my cultivation plan, you are the person I hate most in my life. If I do not kill you, I will never be appeased!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu looked at Fang Yuan with deep hatred, his words were like an icy river pouring on Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan was still expressionless.


 He was like a rock, a deaf person, anyone’s words, be it threats or promises, had no effect on him.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan continued to move forward.


 Unknowingly, the growling of the dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, became softer.


 This giant purple ferret’s expression had changed.


 It spoke in a weird and incredulous tone, looking at Fang Yuan: “No way...”


 “What?” Black Extremity was confused.


 At this moment, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Bi Chen Tian, and Wei Ling Yang also had changes in their expressions.


 They sensed something.


 Soon, the other Gu Immortals present were stirred up, they quickly shouted.


 “Hmm?”


 “This is a Gu worm’s aura? But it doesn’t seem like it!”


 “What Gu worm? Impossible, does he also have a rank nine Immortal Gu?”


 “This is weird, this is not an Immortal Gu’s aura, or rather, it is not complete, this is so strange!”


 Suddenly, Yu Yi Ye Zi’s eyes shined, he guessed the truth as he said: “This situation, he is refining Gu!”


 A Gu Immortal immediately mocked: “How can that be? Refining Gu in Reverse Flow River?”


 That was true.


 Gu worms could not be used in Reverse Flow River, unless it was a rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Even though Fang Yuan had wisdom Gu, it was inside Lang Ya blessed land, he could not use any Gu worms, not to mention refining Gu.


 Fang Yuan also felt the change inside his body.


 He was expressionless, but he was shocked on the inside: “It seems... I really am refining Gu? What is going on? Every step I take, the aura in my body strengthens. What is going on?”


 Even though Fang Yuan did not understand it, he knew that this was a turning point!


 The situation was at its worst, no matter what, Fang Yuan wanted to try.


 He continued to move forward.


 Step by step.


 He walked steadily, he was expressionless, but it gave others a feeling of strength.


 “Why does he show no expression?” A Gu Immortal suddenly asked.


 The immortals finally reacted.


 That was true.


 Other than Fang Yuan, everyone else who had been in this situation had distorted expressions, they were in pain, or they were going crazy or sobbing.


 But why was Fang Yuan expressionless from start to finish?


 The immortals were silent.


 They all knew that the person who asked this question actually was asking about something else.


 And that was —


 “Why is this Liu Guan Yi able to persevere for so long? Furthermore, he seems to be able to continue, it seems like he can persevere forever!”


 How was it possible?


 Everyone was eliminated, swept away by Reverse Flow River.


 How could he remain here with so much remaining strength?


 Why was it him?


 Why was it him!


 Nobody could answer that, the Gu Immortals were all silent.


 A moment later, as Fang Yuan continued to advance, the Gu worm aura in his body continued to strength, it was at its peak.


 Soon, from inside Fang Yuan’s body to the outside, he started to shine in a bright pure white light.


 “It really... it really became like this!” Mao Li Qiu saw this and his eyes were staring wide open, he was gaping, unable to believe the sight in front of him.


 “Grandpa Mao, what is going on?” Black Extremity could not endure it, he asked.


 “Sigh! At this point, there is no reason in me hiding it anymore.” Mao Li Qiu sighed deeply, showing a defeated look on his face.


 “There is an Immortal Gu nurturing inside his body. This Immortal Gu’s name is Perseverance!” Mao Li Qiu said some shocking things.


 “Perseverance Immortal Gu?!” Black Extremity was extremely shocked.


 The other Gu Immortals were too.


 “It is said in > that perseverance Immortal Gu was the crucial Immortal Gu that could allow the user to conquer Reverse Flow River? Isn’t it just a legend?” Yu Yi Ye Zi asked.


 “No, it exists.” Bi Chen Tian said, he was a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, he knew many ancient secrets.


 “There was a person who had once owned it, that person was a former leader of Heavenly Court, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!” Wei Ling Yang added.


 “What?!” The immortals went into shock again.


 “But we had never expected the refinement method of perseverance Immortal Gu to be like this. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had never mentioned it.” Bi Chen Tian sighed and shook his head.


 “Of course he didn’t. This is a shameful event in his life. Hehehe.” Mao Li Qiu interjected, it was very interested in anything that would ruin Heavenly Court’s reputation.


 These words made Shi Zheng Yi shout: “Rubbish, how dare you slander the reputation of an Immortal Venerable?!”


 Daring to yell at a legendary immemorial desolate beast, Shi Zheng Yi was truly courageous, many Central Continent Gu Immortals were worried for him.


 Mao Li Qiu did not get angry: “Little boy, what do you know? Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, even if they have high cultivation level, they are still human. Humans have emotions, they have flaws, they have weaknesses.”


 “Back then, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable charged through Reverse Flow River and was trapped inside, unable to escape. Eventually, he painstakingly traveled to the end of the river and refined perseverance Immortal Gu in his body. From then on, he conquered Reverse Flow River and became the first Reverse Flow River Lord in history.”


 “The first Reverse Flow River Lord?” Even Old Ancestor Xue Hu was shocked. This Reverse Flow River had been his for so long, he did not think there were such secrets.


 “This means...” At once, the immortals’ gazes landed on Fang Yuan.


 Mao Li Qiu sighed, with his gaze fixed on Fang Yuan who was bathed in white light, he said helplessly: “That is true. At this rate, he will refine perseverance Immortal Gu and become the second Reverse Flow River Lord!”


 The immortals were lost for words, they looked at Fang Yuan, who continued moving forward.


 He was expressionless, no matter how many steps he took, Reverse Flow River was always still below his feet, as if fate was mocking and laughing at him.


 But he continued walking.


 He had traveled through five hundred years of experiences over his previous life, he did not know how much longer he would have to walk.


 But he knew where he needed to go.


 As if... nobody could stop him.


 At least... inside this river, nobody could stop him.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life.


 Fang Yuan sat inside the bamboo house, he looked at the village, he looked at Qing Mao Mountain.


 His fists were clenched, hope was displayed all over his young and tender face.


 “It is time to give up the past.”


 “Transmigrating here is my greatest opportunity! Because here, I can attain eternal life.”


 “I have to make good use of this rare opportunity! Otherwise, how can I live with myself, how can I give up this chance?”


 “Of course, right now, I need to improve the living conditions of me and my brother. Hehe, that little fellow...”


 After the aperture awakening.


 On the battle stage, Fang Yuan lowered his head, he was filled with shock and anger.


 “I was set up!”


 “Who set me up? Who does not want me to win in battle? The answer is obvious!”


 “Brother, give up, you are not my match. Because of our differing aptitude, we are fated to be different.” Gu Yue Fang Zheng said with glee and smugness in front of him.


 Fang Yuan turned around and left, he was filled with determination.


 “Since the village refuses to nurture me, since my aunt and uncle are purposely pushing me aside, what is the point of staying here?”


 “If I stay here, will I be able to get stronger and gain eternal life?”


 “Why don’t I leave?”


 Inside the caravan.


 Gu Master Big Beard died, Fang Yuan stood in front of his grave.


 The youngster was filled with tears, he sobbed: “Uncle Big Beard, rest in peace.”


 “Thank you for the final present.”


 “You said: When you were a child, you wanted to be a grand hero, like those legendary figures of the righteous path. When you were a youngster, you wanted to be a clan leader. When you were an adult, you were satisfied with becoming a clan elder. When you were a middle aged man, you were exiled from the clan, you felt that you could live by yourself just as well, you were satisfied with just raising your Gu worms and yourself.”


 “But I am not like this, I will not forgo my dreams just because of age.”


 “This world is too big, but we are all minor characters... I will work hard! I will definitely do my best!”


 ...


 Childhood, adolescence, adulthood.


 Qing Mao Mountain, caravan, he walked all along.


 Middle age, old age, and eventually, lifespan Gu.


 Southern Border, Western Desert, Eastern Sea, and Central Continent.


 After his rebirth using Spring Autumn Cicada, Qing Mao Mountain, Three Kings blessed land, Hu Immortal blessed land, Imperial Court blessed land, Yi Tian Mountain, and Reverse Flow River!


 Step by step, through difficulties and ordeals.


 Bi Chen Tian frowned, he stared at Fang Yuan’s figure, thinking: “What sort of willpower is this! Why does he persevere? What makes him persevere to this extent?”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu snorted coldly, solemness showed in his eyes, he no longer looked down on this rank seven Gu Immortal: “This means, there was Genesis Lotus three hundred thousand years ago, and now, there is Liu Guan Yi... the Reverse Flow River Lord.”


 Mao Li Qiu looked at the light on Fang Yuan’s body, there was nothing it could do, it bore its fangs and scratched the ground with its claws, causing deep marks to form.


 Bai Ning Bing’s and Hei Lou Lan’s eyelids were twitching, they were evidently moved.


 Zhao Lian Yun had woken up, she looked at Ma Hong Yun’s corpse, held in Fang Yuan’s arm, her tears were flowing out.


 She cried in her heart: “Hong Yun, Hong Yun, how could you leave me like this. Without you, I am all alone in this world. What is the point of living? Do you know, the perseverance of one person is so difficult!”


 How difficult is the perseverance of one person?


 All of the Gu Immortals here could answer that question.


 Because among them, some persevered because of responsibility, some persevered because of hatred, some persevered because of excitement, and some persevered because of love...


 And Fang Yuan’s answer?


 He was still expressionless, he continued to move forward relentlessly.


 I had once screamed, gradually, I lost my voice.


 I had once cried, gradually, I lost my tears.


 I had once grieved, gradually, I became able to withstand everything.


 I had once rejoiced, gradually, I became unmoved by the world.


 And now!


 All I have left is an expressionless face, my gaze is as tough as a monolith, only perseverance remains in my heart.


 This is my own, an insignificant character, Fang Yuan’s — Perseverance!


 A dazzling light erupted out.


 Perseverance Immortal Gu, at this moment, was refined successfully!!



***
Chapter 1286 - Wisely Urging Old Ancestor Xue Hu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Perseverance Immortal Gu, at this moment, was refined successfully!


 Outside Reverse Flow River, the immortals who saw this all fell into dead silence.


 They watched as Reverse Flow River continued to flow slowly. A rank seven Gu Immortal, with the appearance of a young man wearing a long white robe, with long hair and deep dark eyes, was standing in the water, he was as free as the wind.


 “He actually managed to refine perseverance Immortal Gu!” Bai Ning Bing muttered, having complex emotions.


 “He actually did the same thing as Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable?” The Central Continent Gu Immortals could not believe this.


 “Look guys, he is no longer moving forward, he is standing on the spot, Reverse Flow River is no longer sweeping him away!” Shi Zheng Yi pointed and shouted.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes, half his attention was inside his immortal aperture.


 A brand new Immortal Gu had formed completely, appearing in his immortal aperture.


 Perseverance Immortal Gu!


 It was like a monolith, it was huge, at the size of a giant whale. The bottom was wide while the top was thin, it was squarish and metallic black, the sides were very straight. At one glance, it looked like a rock that could not be eroded by the sea in the span of ten thousand years, it was like a huge rock that could not be melted by magma over the ages.


 It was really a very special Immortal Gu.


 Because in terms of size, it was the largest Immortal Gu Fang Yuan had ever seen.


 “Rank seven Immortal Gu...”


 Fang Yuan could tell this Immortal Gu’s rank from the aura it was emitting.


 It was not rank eight, nor rank nine.


 Fang Yuan was happy about this.


 Having a higher rank Immortal Gu was not always better, this was something that every Gu Immortal knew.


 Rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu best fit Fang Yuan’s rank seven cultivation level.


 “What is the food of this perseverance Immortal Gu? What effect does it have? How can I make use of it?” Questions appeared in Fang Yuan’s head.


 He did not think any further, he placed his focus on the outside world again.


 Outside Reverse Flow River, the three rank eight Gu Immortals were still waiting to strike, the other Gu Immortals were also ready to attack any time.


 “By owning perseverance Immortal Gu, I really conquered Reverse Flow River!” Fang Yuan soon found that Reverse Flow River was as obedient as a pet dog around him.


 The immense pressure it gave him earlier had vanished.


 Fang Yuan stood here without moving, Reverse Flow River no longer worked against him.


 Not just that, Fang Yuan also found that he could use Gu worms freely in the river, he could even open his immortal aperture’s entrance easily.


 “Good!” Fang Yuan was excited, he first placed Ma Hong Yun’s corpse in his immortal aperture.


 Ma Hong Yun’s soul was also inside Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 His soul contained the luck path true inheritance of all living being’s luck, Fang Yuan paid attention to this. During Imperial Court blessed land, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were protected by the all living being’s luck true inheritance, they had each gained a portion of the inheritance.


 “Right now, Ma Hong Yun’s soul is in my hands, the portion of all living being’s luck that he has belongs to me. It is a pity Zhao Lian Yun had rank nine love Immortal Gu, I could not capture her.”


 In Fang Yuan’s opinion, Ma Hong Yun’s soul had great value, but his body was merely a Gu refinement material, even though it had gone through many living refinement attempts.


 But Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 If he could capture Zhao Lian Yun, he might have been able to use her and negotiate with the Gu Immortals outside.


 But earlier, Zhao Lian Yun had escaped from danger due to love Immortal Gu, she had returned to Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang.


 “Northern Plains’ Liu Guan Yi, to think that this battle would establish your fame.” Wei Ling Yang sighed.


 “I want you to die, I want you to die!” Zhao Lian Yun screamed in a shrill voice, her gaze towards Fang Yuan was filled with hatred and grudge.


 The love she had for Ma Hong Yun became hatred for Fang Yuan!


 “Liu Guan Yi, even if you become the Reverse Flow River Lord, so what?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu smiled coldly.


 “Lad, you are quite capable. But this is it, you killed Ma Hong Yun, you caused me to fail before even trying. Walk out of Reverse Flow River and let me kill you in one slap, I will let you off without much pain! Howl!” Grandpa Mao said with a ruthless expression.


 “Damn it.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth secretly.


 He was the only person in Reverse Flow River now, but the situation did not turn around for him.


 He was trapped inside Reverse Flow River.


 Even though he refined perseverance Immortal Gu and conquered Reverse Flow River, he could not gain the initiative and escape with his life.


 Especially after killing Ma Hong Yun and losing Zhao Lian Yun, Fang Yuan was in a passive state.


 “Three rank eight Gu Immortals, many experts, as well as heaven’s will...” Fang Yuan looked around, he was trapped. Refining perseverance Immortal Gu made him the target of everyone now, he had attracted too much attention.


 “Huff!”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu suddenly breathed out, he grunted as he spat out a mouthful of cold air.


 The cold air soon landed on Reverse Flow River, the water was still flowing slowly, the surface of the river was flickering with light as the cold air was reflected back at him.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu dodged it, staring at the river water as he laughed: “Liu Guan Yi, you foiled my plans, if you surrender now and hand over Reverse Flow River, I can spare your life, you can become my slave. But if you insist on resisting us, I will make sure you cannot die even if you want to!”


 Saying this, he spat out more cold air, attacking Reverse Flow River.


 Reverse Flow River continued to reflect all of the attacks back, but Old Ancestor Xue Hu dodged them all, he continued threatening: “Liu Guan Yi, you can forget about it if you want to use Reverse Flow River to protect yourself. Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it has immense might, but it is not a living being, reflecting attacks consumes its water. Eventually, the river will dry up, by then, you will die.”


 As Old Ancestor Xue Hu continued to attack, Reverse Flow River started being expended, even though only traces of the water were used, eventually, it would run out.


 But Fang Yuan retorted: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, you are the number one rank eight Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, how can you not know that Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were the ones who foiled your Gu refinement plan? Furthermore, Longevity Heaven’s trap might also be involved. I just happened to be here due to a coincidence, are you ignoring these great enemies and targeting an insignificant character like me?”


 As he said this, Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang became extremely alert, they moved back by a bit.


 Mao Li Qiu pouted: “This lad is good at sowing discord.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu stared slightly in surprise: “Liu Guan Yi, you seem to be forgetting that the Reverse Flow River under your feet belonged to me. You stole my secluded domain of heaven and earth, you are an enemy of mine. You caused the death of Ma Hong Yun and ruined my hope, if I do not kill you, my anger will not be appeased!”


 Fang Yuan quickly said: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, we are both Northern Plainsmen. Among everyone present, this ferret is from Longevity Heaven, while these Central Continent Gu Immortals are all from the ten great ancient sects or Heavenly Court. They are all righteous path, only we are in the demonic path. Righteous path and demonic path cannot intermingle, we can work together.”


 “Yes, I took away Reverse Flow River and by chance became the Reverse Flow River Lord. But we can cooperate, I can lend Reverse Flow River to you, with my help, Reverse Flow River will be much more useful to you now.”


 “Yes, I killed Ma Hong Yun, but everyone knows that I did not intend to do that. I only held him lightly and Ma Hong Yun died. He was completely worn out, he was mentally exhausted, or maybe he suffered too big of a shock and could not endure it. Without me, he was going to die anyway, I was merely implicated.”


 “Now that he is dead, Fortune Rivalling Heaven’s effect vanished, I can understand that you want to seek revenge with me. But you need to undergo tribulation, will killing me and venting your anger help you pass the tribulation?”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan shook his head, he continued: “Not just that, your tribulation might even become more dangerous. Because of how vast Reverse Flow River is, you will exert a lot of effort in draining its water, and yet, you cannot refine Fortune Rivalling Heaven to deal with your tribulation.”


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, you have a family, you are a grand overlord, the number one demonic path overlord in Northern Plains. If you die from tribulation, or even if you are just heavily injured, all of your enemies, and the righteous paths of Northern Plains and Central Continent, will be overjoyed. At the same time, Lady Wan Shou would grieve.”


 “Even though Snowy Mountain blessed land was destroyed and this refinement failed, as long as you are around, you can build another Snowy Mountain blessed land. If the refinement fails, you can snatch resources from others and get enough materials to refine Gu again.”


 “These righteous path Gu Immortals have ill intentions, we can take them down!”


 “I, Liu Guan Yi, am a demonic path member of Northern Plains, I am willing to cooperate with you to achieve our grand ambitions!!”


 Fang Yuan spoke with confidence and assurance, he had a glib tongue.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu heard these words and felt that Fang Yuan was not so detestable anymore!


 Because what he said was right, even though Old Ancestor Xue Hu was furious, he had not lost his reasoning yet. Furthermore, Fang Yuan was considering him and putting himself in his perspective while making plans.


 How could Old Ancestor Xue Hu not be moved?


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, even after this major setback, his ambitions had not wavered. He was still going to refine Gu later, where would he get the materials?


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu subconsciously looked towards Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang, as well as the dog tail life extending ferret.


 Seeing Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s gaze, Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian became nervous, while Mao Li Qiu felt offended, his hair stood on end as he opened his mouth, revealing his sharp fangs to Old Ancestor Xue Hu, not showing any weakness.


 “This fellow is still as crafty as ever!” Ying Wu Xie was frustrated.


 If this was earlier, he might encourage Old Ancestor Xue Hu to cooperate with Fang Yuan. After all, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was the fruit of Shadow Sect’s efforts after a hundred thousand years, it could not be lost.


 But now, after being hunted down by Fang Yuan, and seeing him conquer Reverse Flow River, Ying Wu Xie’s wariness towards Fang Yuan had reached an extreme level.


 If there was a chance, Ying Wu Xie would definitely kill Fang Yuan, and eliminate this terrifying foe!


 But Ying Wu Xie did not speak.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had fallen into deep sleep in his hands.


 When he awakened, he would regain clarity for some time.


 Currently, Ying Wu Xie had to keep a low profile, it would be best if everyone forgot about him.


 This was Shadow Sect’s weakest moment.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were also like this, even though they got back Zhao Lian Yun, they did not dare to retreat easily. If they did, they might attract unwanted attention and become everyone’s targets.


 The situation was in a deadlock.


 It was quite peculiar.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Shadow Sect, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, Longevity Heaven, Fang Yuan, none of them dared to make a move, they had their own considerations and perspective, and most importantly, none of them had overwhelming strength that could suppress the situation.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s attitude became the crucial thing now.


 Everyone stared at him.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu thought for a moment and suddenly said, “Sure, we can make an alliance!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.



***
Chapter 1287 - Myriad Self Second Style!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was about to successfully convince Old Ancestor Xue Hu, be it Central Continent or Longevity Heaven, their expressions all changed.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was the number one rank eight in Northern Plains’ demonic path, if he fought with his full strength, he could definitely bring Fang Yuan away even against the dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu, Bi Chen Tian, and Wei Ling Yang.


 However, Old Ancestor Xue Hu gave Fang Yuan very strict alliance agreement rules.


 Fang Yuan’s joy vanished, according to this alliance agreement, he was not an equal ally of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he was a slave!


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, such an alliance agreement... are you joking?” Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu started to laugh: “Of course I am not!”


 “Liu Guan Yi, didn’t you analyze this thoroughly earlier? Among the people present, only we are from the demonic path, we are natural allies.”


 “You killed Ye Lui Qun Xing, you killed a Liu tribe Gu Immortal and plundered their resources, are you going to hand yourself in to Longevity Heaven?”


 “Or will you leave your homeland and go to Central Continent? And be the lackey of the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court?”


 “I am your only option.”


 Saying this, he paused before looking at Ying Wu Xie: “You know, I have my own difficulties. I have an agreement with these people, but it seems that you are enemies too. I cannot offend another rank eight existence just because of a rank seven Gu Immortal and Reverse Flow River, right?”


 Ying Wu Xie’s heart jumped.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was indeed trying to convince Fang Yuan, but he was also probing Shadow Sect’s and Purple Mountain True Monarch’s background.


 After all, everyone saw that Purple Mountain True Monarch went crazy.


 If this Purple Mountain True Monarch was truly crazy and unable to control himself, Old Ancestor Xue Hu might attack them. After all, killing a crazy rank eight Gu Immortal would grant enough benefits that would move Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Furthermore, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had failed the Gu refinement and Snowy Mountain blessed land was destroyed, all of his investments were wasted.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was a demonic path overlord, he was not easy to fool.


 His words earlier had truly moved Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 But Old Ancestor Xue Hu had his own schemes and plans, he used Fang Yuan’s words to deal with him in return.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s words were filled with suspicion and probing.


 But Fang Yuan knew that he could not cooperate with Mao Li Qiu or Wei Ling Yang.


 Longevity Heaven was defensive in regard to its descendants, Fang Yuan killed Ye Lui Qun Xing, he offended the Huang Jin tribes, and after killing Ma Hong Yun, going to Longevity Heaven was courting death.


 On the other hand, he could not go to Central Continent.


 Even though he had methods to defend against wisdom path, they could not be relied upon. Normally, he was relying on the isolation of being inside an immortal aperture or the Southern Border super Gu formation to defend himself from the deductions of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.


 If he went to Central Continent, Heavenly Court’s Fairy Zi Wei would know about it, by then, his identity would be exposed, he would be put on trial. After all, he was listed on the Demon Judgment Board.


 As for Shadow Sect, because of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was even more impossible.


 Thus, among everyone here, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was Fang Yuan’s only choice.


 But now, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had stated that he could help Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan had to accept these conditions. If he did, he would be signing a slavery agreement, he would become Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s slave.


 “If you agree, I will ensure your safety. If you do not, I will attack Reverse Flow River, you will die here today, there is no other option.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was domineering, he stared at Fang Yuan fixedly, forcing him to make a decision.


 Fang Yuan had a struggling and hesitant expression: “Let me think!”


 “I will give you three breaths of time.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu had a cold expression, he breathed out cold air as he gave Fang Yuan three breaths of time to consider.


 It was truly merciless!


 Fang Yuan smiled, he knew that he could not deceive Old Ancestor Xue Hu, there was no way to stall for time, he stopped acting: “Then, Old Ancestor, I will have to see your methods.”


 “Hahaha.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed loudly, he had a ruthless expression: “I knew it, how can someone who is qualified to be the Reverse Flow River Lord submit to others so easily? Therefore, I will beat you until you beg for mercy!”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was happy to have this prey, he seemed to be unwilling to kill Fang Yuan.


 But who knew if this was his plot?


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu attacked, waves of cold air assaulted, unceasingly with grand might.


 Reverse Flow River’s water was raging, reflecting Xue Hu’s attacks, while consuming the river water.


 Fang Yuan did not move, it was still too early to affect him, even though he was bound to lose, because he could only take attacks passively and could not counterattack.


 “I need to find a way to get out of this predicament and escape with my life.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, looking at Central Continent’s group: “Guests from Central Continent, what are you waiting for? Do you want Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals to collaborate and take care of you?”


 Wei Ling Yang’s and Bi Chen Tian’s hearts jumped.


 Zhao Lian Yun cried out shrilly: “Murderer! You should worry about yourself! I will only leave after I see you die right in front of me!”


 The other Central Continent Gu Immortals were silent, they looked at the two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian did not move, they were like statues, not making a response.


 Fang Yuan was about to speak to the dog tail life extending ferret.


 Mao Li Qiu suddenly laughed: “Little boy, no need to say anymore, sowing discord is pointless. I am right here, even if Xue Hu doesn’t want to kill you, I will kill you!”


 Saying this, it attacked.


 It spat out traces of purple aura, it was like mist that was reflected by Reverse Flow River, intensifying Reverse Flow River’s expenditure.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly on the inside, these rank eight existences, be they human or beast, were astute, words could not cause them to waver.


 “It seems that I can only rely on myself now.”


 “The new move that I created is powerful, but in front of four, no, five rank eight existences, it will be too difficult to escape.”


 Five rank eight existences, they were Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Mao Li Qiu, Bi Chen Tian, Wei Ling Yang, and the crazed Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan looked at the water below his feet, he actually went into a daze for a moment.


 The attacks outside the river were powerful and unceasing, incredible might could be felt.


 But Fang Yuan had no regard for the surroundings, because in his current state, an inspiration had formed in his mind.


 Activating an Immortal Gu, the river water below his feet started to create ripples according to his will.


 “It seems that if I continue activating perseverance Immortal Gu, I will be the Reverse Flow River Lord. Inside this river, I can use other Immortal Gu as well!”


 Earlier, he had tried to use strength path Immortal Gu Pulling Water.


 Under the effect of Pulling Water, Fang Yuan found that he could move Reverse Flow River just like any other river or stream.


 But with just this, Fang Yuan could not leave the place.


 Pulling water Immortal Gu was just rank six, it could move rivers and bodies of water, but it moved very slowly, trying to escape with this was impossible.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu seems to have a way to make use of Reverse Flow River and create a formation, why can’t I do the same? I am the Reverse Flow River Lord, I have perseverance Immortal Gu, I can freely manipulate this river. Or maybe, I can form an immortal killer move...”


 This idea appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind and began to take root deeply.


 Perseverance Immortal Gu allowed Fang Yuan to get Reverse Flow River’s compliance, and pulling water Immortal Gu could manipulate rivers and water. This was the basis of an immortal killer move.


 Adding more Gu worms to form a complete immortal killer move, it seemed... that it was nothing too hard.


 Fang Yuan felt that he could do it!


 This was not a random guess.


 It was his attainment level!


 Fang Yuan had incredible attainment levels, one of them was water path.


 He had just become a water path grandmaster.


 After adding more water path Gu worms in, he quickly compiled this immortal killer move.


 But it was not enough.


 “Not enough... strength!” Fang Yuan realized.


 The framework, the skeleton of the killer move was created, the wings were spread, but he lacked the crucial muscles for strength. Just two Immortal Gu were not enough.


 Then he would add more!


 Fang Yuan first thought of strength path.


 Myriad self!


 His most familiar technique, and also a unique immortal killer move that he had created after rebirth.


 A solution was found.


 Strength path grandmaster attainment level and water path grandmaster attainment level, they allowed him to naturally reach success.


 But wait!


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of an unrelated immortal killer move.


 This killer move came from Ye Lui Qun Xing, he used star fragments to create a powerful killer move, it was like Fang Yuan trying to use Reverse Flow River, they were using external forces!


 And now, he even had the blood vessels.


 Skeleton, muscles, wings, and blood vessels, he had them all.


 Fang Yuan actually created an immortal killer move in this short period of time.


 “This is myriad self second style.” Fang Yuan’s eyes were shining brilliantly.



***
Chapter 1288 - Practising the Killer Move


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With sufficient attainment level, Fang Yuan created an immortal killer move on the spot.


 Because he used myriad self killer move as the foundation, Fang Yuan named this move myriad self second style.


 But because this move was just created, it was far from being usable.


 Bam bam bam!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and the dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu, these two rank eight existences continued to attack Reverse Flow River, causing huge ripples in the water, countless attacks were reflected as the water level started to fall.


 Fang Yuan’s actions had gone past their bottom line. And because he was unwilling to give up, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Mao Li Qiu were expending their energy to attack Reverse Flow River, in order to kill Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked at the river water, thinking: “At this rate, I still have a lot of time.”


 His heart eased slightly.


 Reverse Flow River was a secluded domain of heaven and earth indeed, it endured the attacks of two rank eight existences, only falling a little in water level.


 Of course, a reason was that Xue Hu and Mao Li Qiu did not use their full strength.


 They were wary of each other, and Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian were together with the other Central Continent Gu Immortals, awaiting their chance. These people restrained each other, they guarded against each other, how could they use their full strength on Fang Yuan?


 Because of this complex situation, a lot of pressure was lifted off Fang Yuan, he could test his killer move without rushing.


 The first activation.


 Fang Yuan was careful.


 First was perseverance Immortal Gu, it had been expending red date immortal essence to allow Fang Yuan to move freely in Reverse Flow River, remaining unrestricted by the secluded domain of heaven and earth.


 Next were a large number of water path mortal Gu, they flew up in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, surrounding the huge perseverance Immortal Gu as they moved in the air.


 Soon, large amounts of water vapor rose, as faint blue light appeared in them.


 But soon, this blue light vanished, some of it had even turned red, the originally ice-cold water vapor had turned warmer.


 “I failed.” Fang Yuan immediately stopped.


 The scene in front of him was out of his expectations.


 This was not what he wanted.


 He stopped his immortal essence expenditure, crack crack, large numbers of water path mortal Gu exploded, destroyed on the spot.


 Fang Yuan calmed down and started to think.


 According to his planning, there should be blue light shining as the water vapor became colder, why was there red light and warmer temperature?


 Fang Yuan deduced in his mind, soon, because of his wisdom path attainment level, he found the source of the problem.


 It was because he had used two conflicting water path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan immediately changed one of them, in Reverse Flow River, he could open his immortal aperture and connect to treasure yellow heaven to purchase water path mortal Gu easily.


 After modifying the entire immortal killer move, Fang Yuan tried to activate it again for the second time.


 Perseverance Immortal Gu was still in use.


 The surrounding water path mortal Gu started to rise and fly around it.


 First was water vapor and blue light, he soon passed this stage as Fang Yuan used Immortal Gu Pulling Water.


 Rank six strength path Immortal Gu Pulling Water.


 This was the second core of the immortal killer move.


 The first core was undeniably rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was careful.


 While activating perseverance Immortal Gu, he activated Pulling Water, it was a very risky thing.


 If he could not manage it well, these two Immortal Gu might interfere and cause harm to each other, they might even get destroyed.


 Testing immortal killer moves was not just risky to the Gu Immortal, the Immortal Gu and mortal Gu involved were also in danger. And because Immortal Gu themselves were fragments of the Great Dao, when they suffered a backlash, the damage was much more severe.


 Fang Yuan was very vigilant, he was quickly rewarded for it.


 He met with difficulty.


 Although pulling water Immortal Gu was activated and its mystical power was used, it could not integrate into the framework of the move.


 “What is the problem?”


 Fang Yuan stopped.


 A lot of water path mortal Gu were destroyed.


 Experimenting with immortal killer moves had a price.


 A complete and effective immortal killer move needed conceptualization and experimentation, the Gu Immortal needed to put in a lot of effort and resources.


 As the attacks in the outside world continued, Fang Yuan ignored them, he had the sovereign immortal body, his thoughts were produced rapidly as they moved around and collided.


 With his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, wisdom path dao marks, as well as wisdom path methods, his deductions were progressing rapidly.


 It was faster this time!


 In just a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan found the problem.


 The powers of perseverance Immortal Gu and pulling water Immortal Gu could not fuse together, it was because the quantity and types of water path mortal Gu were not appropriate. These mortal Gu were the bridge between the two Immortal Gu, they had the effect of linking them.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he reduced a portion of some water path mortal Gu and while increasing others, at the same time, he added in new water path mortal Gu.


 The third activation.


 This time, it was smooth sailing, he successfully fused pulling water Immortal Gu into the killer move.


 The moment he succeeded, there were waves forming in the Reverse Flow River water below him.


 It was finally starting to work!


 But he was still far from reaching his goal.


 Fang Yuan did not rest, he could not waste time in this situation, he continued experimenting, activating the immortal killer move, his aura strengthened and weakened at times, flickering continuously.


 “What is Liu Guan Yi doing?”


 “Gu worm auras are appearing on his body from time to time, it looks like he is experimenting with an immortal killer move?”


 Other than Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Mao Li Qiu, the other Gu Immortals were just watching.


 Every time Fang Yuan experimented with his immortal killer move, the Gu worm auras would leak, it could not be concealed from the Gu Immortals.


 If he wanted to conceal the auras, he needed a special immortal killer move.


 These types of immortal killer moves were very rare, like Fang Yuan’s dark assassination, it was among these immortal killer moves.


 Fang Yuan reached his limits in conceptualized myriad self second style, he could not consider adding aura concealment to it.


 But it did not matter.


 Gu worm auras alone could not determine the types of Gu worms.


 Furthermore, he had just created myriad self second style, it was complex and used many different Gu, it was not possible for them to find out its flaws by watching.


 Fourth time, fifth time...


 Fang Yuan continued to activate the immortal killer move, sometimes he made great progress, while sometimes, because of some adjustments, he backtracked by several steps.


 Fang Yuan was not dejected, he persevered on without any expression.


 “He is really testing an immortal killer move.”


 “Hehehe, is this Liu Guan Yi an idiot? Creating an immortal killer move on the spot, does he think he is an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable?”


 “Even if he creates an immortal killer move, I want to see if he can use it to deal with all of us?”


 The Gu Immortals watching all commented on Fang Yuan’s naivety and mocked him in disdain.


 If immortal killer moves were so easy to create, would they still be immortal killer moves?


 But soon, some of their expressions changed.


 They found that some mystical changes were occurring in Reverse Flow River.


 “Twenty-first try.”


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, grabbing towards at river below his feet.


 “Rise.” At the same time, he muttered lightly.


 Bam.


 A soft sound occurred as a huge ball appeared on the river surface near him.


 This ball was completely made of Reverse Flow River’s water, after rising, it burst as water splattered everywhere.


 The killer move activation failed!


 Fang Yuan’s nose was bleeding as two streams of blood flowed down.


 “His immortal killer move has effect on Reverse Flow River?” Yu Yi Ye Zi saw this and his eyes shined with sharp light.


 “No, more accurately speaking, he is using Reverse Flow River to create an immortal killer move!” Bu Zhen Zi said.


 “Hmph, laughable.” Black Extremity smiled coldly: “Back then, I used Reverse Flow River to create the sub and main fate reversing refinement formation, it used up several years of my time. Liu Guan Yi, even if you are the Reverse Flow River Lord, you are simply too arrogant, you think you can create an immortal killer move using it in such a short amount of time?”


 Evidently, none of the Gu Immortals here thought highly of Fang Yuan’s chances.


 But soon, Fang Yuan started his testing again.


 Pew!


 This time, a small mound appeared on the river surface near him.


 The mound quickly collapsed as the water doused Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned pale, his body wavered, not only did he have a nosebleed, even his ears were bleeding.


 “I failed again, Man as Before!” At the next moment, he was completely healed.


 “I should find the reason for the failure. It seems that a small problem occurred at the final juncture...” Fang Yuan fell into deep contemplation.



***
Chapter 1289 - Reverse Flow Protection Seal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A moment later, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, activating the killer move again.


 This time, a segment of Reverse Flow River’s water was moved by him, causing huge waves.


 The immortals’ expressions changed.


 Even Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s attacks stopped.


 But at the next moment, Old Ancestor Xue Hu shouted loudly and erupted with even stronger attacks.


 “This is so hard. Because I added in many Gu worms of different types, many problems occurred. But this is already my current limit. To create a concise version, I will need years to deduce, or an increase in my attainment level once again.”


 Fang Yuan knew that this myriad self second style had too many Gu worms involved, it was too complex and had many issues to deal with.


 While Fang Yuan was sighing at the difficult progress, the other Gu Immortals were filled with shock.


 Even though they did not speak, their gazes were flickering.


 “Liu Guan Yi, this fellow...”


 “Such fast progress! He could really mobilize Reverse Flow River.”


 “Unbelievable! Is he really human? He could achieve such progress in this short period of time.”


 “No, there is no way he can succeed. How can he really create an immortal killer move in such a short amount of time?”


 Undeniably, Fang Yuan’s rapid advancement had broken the common sense of these immortals.


 They had never seen a person create an immortal killer move in such a short period of time and gain such rapid improvements through experimentation.


 But right now, they were seeing it live.


 Fang Yuan continued.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and the dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, subconsciously increased their attacking power.


 But Reverse Flow River was too huge, even after their endless attacks, they consumed less than five percent of the entire river.


 “Once more! Rise.” Fang Yuan had a serious expression, he grabbed at the air towards the river below him as he called out.


 This time, the entirety of Reverse Flow River was affected, it was like a long dragon awakening from its slumber, it started to stretch its entire body freely.


 “How could this happen?!” Someone cried out subconsciously.


 The entirety of Reverse Flow River started to fly in the sky like a rising dragon, ready to soar and roam the five regions and nine heavens.


 “Wishful thinking!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu shouted, slamming with his palms as an icy light shot out towards Reverse Flow River.


 Reverse Flow River was hit and reflected it, the icy light seemed to have collided into a mirror, it was sent right back at him, in the blink of an eye, all of the vast surrounding grassland turned into an icy plain.


 Frost energy permeated, the sky was snowing, the temperature was falling.


 Strong winds blew intensely, the entire world seemed to have changed colors.


 This was the power of a rank eight!


 Fang Yuan could not help but feel shocked.


 He was temporarily safe in Reverse Flow River, and the other Gu Immortals were protected by their rank eight existences.


 Ying Wu Xie was covered in cold sweat, Purple Mountain True Monarch had awakened again at the crucial moment, if not for him, Ying Wu Xie and the rest would not have survived.


 “We will leave.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said.


 “But this...” Ying Wu Xie hesitated, but Purple Mountain True Monarch waved his hand and several rings of light appeared, capturing Ying Wu Xie and gang, sending them towards the sky.


 To think that Shadow Sect was the first to retreat.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch left rapidly without saying a word, the Gu Immortals present were stunned.


 “Lord, that is the sovereign immortal aperture...” Ying Wu Xie was anxious, he transmitted to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 “Don’t worry, I have already deduced that he won’t die! He can definitely escape.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said confidently.


 Ying Wu Xie was not very convinced of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words, but he could not express his doubts.


 But at the next moment, he saw that all of Reverse Flow River started to glow in a bright blue light.


 Blue light flickered like rumbling clouds or raging currents.


 The immortals’ gazes were all attracted to it.


 Fang Yuan stood in the middle, great winds were blowing, causing his hair and sleeves to flutter in the sky.


 His eyes were eerie, he said softly: “Rise.”


 Instantly, the river water surged and the immortals could hear the sounds of the waves, it resembled the roaring of a thousand men, the scene was domineering and grand.


 Immediately after, the blue light condensed, Reverse Flow River shrank, it became a tiny dot in an instant.


 The huge Reverse Flow River vanished, it condensed towards Fang Yuan and turned into a light blue colored robe.


 This long robe had wide sleeves, it was white like snow. On the surface of the robe, there was slow flowing water, it was the same appearance as Reverse Flow River earlier.


 Not just that, the surface of the white robe had faint mist surrounding it. There was also a strip of light that was deep azure, it was curvy and wavy, resembling a long sash, it coiled around Fang Yuan’s arms, the back of his neck, and around his waist again.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self Second Style — Reverse Flow Protection Seal, had been successfully activated at this moment!


 “He succeeded?!”


 “Impossible!”


 “He actually used Reverse Flow River to create a new immortal killer move in this short time?”


 The immortals saw this and became tongue-tied, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was staring fiercely: “I refuse to believe this!”


 He thrusted with his palms in Fang Yuan’s direction.


 Immediately, an icy light shot out at incredible speed towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was prepared to face it.


 The icy light landed on his body, but it was fully blocked by reverse flow protection seal.


 Reverse flow protection seal flickered as the terrifying icy light was reflected back at its creator, Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 “Success!” Fang Yuan’s heart was jumping, it gradually calmed down.


 Even though the immortal killer move was activated successfully, he needed to test it.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s attack confirmed that Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal was incredibly powerful!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu dodged the icy light, his expression turned ruthless and harsh as he looked at Fang Yuan.


 “Let me try.” Mao Li Qiu shouted.


 Its body vanished on the spot, at the next moment, it appeared behind Fang Yuan.


 Its ruthless claws were raised and they landed harshly.


 Boom!


 A loud sound could be heard, Fang Yuan flew out like a cannonball that was shot out.


 His field of vision changed, Fang Yuan had landed on the ground a breath of time later.


 Next, with a loud explosion, a huge crater was formed on the icy ground.


 Under everyone’s watchful gazes, Fang Yuan slowly stood up in the deep crater, he was expressionless and his body was intact, there was not even a graze on his skin!


 Reverse flow protection seal had turned into a snow-white robe with an azure sash, there were almost no changes to it, but the mist on the surface of the robe had dissipated to a large extent. If one observed closely, the snow-white robe seemed to be covered in a layer of dust, it was no longer as bright as before.


 Mao Li Qiu looked at Fang Yuan before turning to look at its claws.


 Its right paw was covered in blood, its flesh was exposed now!


 Fang Yuan suffered no injuries, while Mao Li Qiu was quite severely injured.


 “Gasp...” Sounds could be heard coming from the Gu Immortals present.


 “What immortal killer move is this? Even Mao Li Qiu suffered a loss!!”


 Seeing this, even Bi Chen Tian’s eyes were twitching rapidly.


 “He actually did it!” Black Extremity was speechless, his expression was of utter shock.


 “Even an immemorial desolate beast’s physical attack was reflected back?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu frowned deeply.


 “How can this be?” Ying Wu Xie, who was far away in the sky, saw this and felt like he was dreaming.


 There had never been a case where a rank eight Gu Immortal attacked a rank seven Gu Immortal and resulted in the rank seven Gu Immortal being unharmed, while the rank eight Gu Immortal was actually injured!


 Rank eight and rank seven, the former always suppressed the latter.


 In the last few thousand years, Feng Jiu Ge was the sole monster who had overwhelming talent, he was unparalleled and could battle rank eight existences.


 But now, after Fang Yuan created myriad self second style, and successfully used it, Feng Jiu Ge no longer held this title alone.


 From now on, this supreme glory was shared with another person.


 Liu Guan Yi!


 “Central’s Feng Jiu Ge, North’s Liu Guan Yi...” Bu Zhen Zi muttered in a daze.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu smiled lightly: “Lad, I underestimated you after all.”


 His arms were behind his back, he stopped attacking.


 But Mao Li Qiu was furious: “Little lad, you are courting death, you dared to make me lose face!!”


 The immemorial desolate beast attacked Fang Yuan furiously.


 Fang Yuan was not its match, he was slammed away like a rubber ball.


 But after dozens of blows, Fang Yuan was unharmed, he still had a pristine air, but Mao Li Qiu was panting roughly, bleeding profusely.


 Every one of its attacks was reflected back at itself.


 Mao Li Qiu was staring furiously, thinking: “This lad is a porcupine, I’m hurting myself, since when did Northern Plains have such a monster?”


 Fang Yuan saw that Mao Li Qiu was at a loss against him and laughed, charging at the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were like frightened birds, they dispersed at once.


 The two Central Continent rank eights stayed and attacked Fang Yuan.


 But it was no use!


 Reverse flow protection seal was reflecting their attacks back at them, they landed on Mao Li Qiu, who was chasing after him.


 Mao Li Qiu was suffering greatly, so angry it was about to blow up, it spat out a vast amount of purple light, its attack engulfed an enormous surrounding range.


 This attack caused a huge battle.


 The situation became chaotic, the Gu Immortals of all three sides were attacking.


 This was the last thing Ying Wu Xie saw.


 He was in deep admiration towards Purple Mountain True Monarch’s decision of retreating.


 At the same time, he understood: After this battle, Liu Guan Yi’s name would spread throughout the five regions, it would shock the world, his reputation would rival Feng Jiu Ge!


 More than ten days later, a figure in a sorry state passed the regional wall, arriving at Eastern Sea.


 It was Fang Yuan.


 “I finally got free from that crazy animal.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 More than ten days ago, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, and Longevity Heaven engaged in fierce combat, they fought with all they had.


 Fang Yuan managed to escape from this chaotic battle, but Mao Li Qiu refused to stop chasing him.


 Fang Yuan was not Mao Li Qiu’s match, but after he entered Northern Plains’ regional wall, Mao Li Qiu could only watch helplessly.


 It was a wild beast born in Northern Plains, it was restricted by the regional wall.


 Fang Yuan managed to escape from these pursuers.


 “Time to go back to Southern Border.” Fang Yuan did not stay, he flew into the clouds.



***
Chapter 1290 - Truce Between Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On the dark stone wall, eerie flames were burning.


 The flames were not big, they were like fireflies or lanterns in size.


 They were green flames that were cold and icy, the pale flames reflected on the faces of Purple Mountain True Monarch, Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and Hei Lou Lan.


 Being the first to leave the Reverse Flow River battle, they were brought here by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 But after that, Purple Mountain True Monarch returned to a state of insanity.


 Looking at Purple Mountain True Monarch, who was nibbling on his toes, Bai Ning Bing sneered at Ying Wu Xie: “This is your plan? This is the rank eight great expert who will kill Fang Yuan?”


 In this trip to Snowy Mountain blessed land, even though Ying Wu Xie saved Purple Mountain True Monarch, he lost a lot, Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng died in battle.


 Hei Lou Lan was silent.


 This rank eight Gu Immortal was unreliable.


 But due to Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement, Hei Lou Lan kept quiet.


 Ying Wu Xie was mocked by Bai Ning Bing, but his expression remained the same.


 After so many setbacks, he had gained a disposition of being calm no matter the situation.


 He slowly spoke: “I underestimated Fang Yuan, to think that he would refine perseverance Immortal Gu and become the Reverse Flow River Lord. No wonder heaven’s will chose him as a tool. This person can only be killed, he cannot be defeated.”


 Ying Wu Xie praised Fang Yuan without hesitation.


 Even though they were enemies, Ying Wu Xie had an open mind, he admitted that Fang Yuan had both the advantage and superior strength.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, thinking about the scene where Fang Yuan conquered Reverse Flow River, she no longer said anything.


 In the tiny cave, only Purple Mountain True Monarch’s screaming echoed throughout the place.


 A moment later, Purple Mountain True Monarch stopped shouting, his tiny body shook before he stood up calmly.


 He straightened his back, clarity returning to his eyes.


 “Lord, you are awake!” Ying Wu Xie was overjoyed, he quickly got closer.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch held his forehead, feeling pain in his head, his expression was distorting from the pain.


 “Earlier in Reverse Flow River, I forced myself to awaken, thus it was only for a moment. But now is different, I have quite some time left. How long has it been? How did the battle end?”


 “It has already been half a month. Fang Yuan escaped Northern Plains through the regional wall, I assume he entered Eastern Sea. After all, he has some foundation in Eastern Sea. As for the battle, the result has yet to be determined. Central Continent’s Gu Immortals wanted to leave, but Old Ancestor Xue Hu pursued them, during the dangerous situation, an Immortal Gu House descended from the sky, as both parties went to fight in white heaven.” Ying Wu Xie answered.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “This time, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals will likely lose, in the past, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose Northern Plains as his domain, how could he not make arrangements here? For example, none of Longevity Heaven’s rank eight Gu Immortals have shown up yet.”


 “Lord, what do we do from now on?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


 He was once in charge of Shadow Sect, now that Purple Mountain True Monarch woke up, this rank eight great expert was naturally going to lead Shadow Sect, Ying Wu Xie had to step down.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was about to speak when the sound of winds echoed in this cave.


 Next, the eerie fire on the cave walls started flickering intensely, as if a strong wind was blowing.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s gaze flickered: “I arranged this cave as one of our escape methods. These eerie fires were nurtured by me to create a natural Gu formation, it allows us to defend against deductions from others. When I was insane, how many times did they flicker?”


 “A hundred and seven times.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


 “I am afraid Fang Yuan’s deductions are included in this. His investigative killer move can use the profundities of luck path and find our locations. Even inside an immortal aperture, we cannot hide from him.” Ying Wu Xie said grimly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “Fang Yuan is indeed worthy of being the person nurtured by heaven’s will, as the crucial key to deal with our Shadow Sect. This person is very daring and has incredible talent, his willpower is unparalleled, he is truly an absolute genius seen once in ten thousand years.”


 Purple of Shadow Sect actually gave Fang Yuan such a high evaluation.


 But the three Gu Immortals present were silent, they agreed with Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch continued: “And now, our plan is to reach a truce with Fang Yuan.”


 These were shocking words.


 “What, a truce?” Ying Wu Xie and the rest were shocked.


 “Is that very strange?” Purple Mountain True Monarch looked at the three.


 He was very clear of the current situation. When he woke up, Ying Wu Xie had used information path methods to inform Purple Mountain True Monarch of everything he knew.


 “You are all too young, you know too little. Our biggest enemy now is not Fang Yuan but Heavenly Court.” Purple Mountain True Monarch shook his head, looking at Ying Wu Xie: “Do you think rescuing our main body’s soul is easy? Other than the super Gu formation in Southern Border, and that giant dream realm, I can assure you that when we strike, Heavenly Court will interfere! Like on Yi Tian Mountain, they used Heaven Overseeing Tower and attempted to thwart our plan. Or like this time, when they went to Snowy Mountain blessed land to save Ma Hong Yun.”


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was grim: “Lord, I considered that before, but our main body is in great danger, he is trapped by the dream realm and is being consumed by it, that’s why I was so anxious...”


 “That is exactly why we need to cooperate with Fang Yuan.” Purple Mountain True Monarch added.


 “Firstly, Fang Yuan’s strength is already extraordinary, that immortal killer move alone can stand up to rank eight Gu Immortals.”


 “Secondly, Fang Yuan is a complete otherworldly demon, he is listed on the Demon Judgment Board, and is a common enemy of Heavenly Court.”


 “Finally, cooperating is a win-win situation for us. Our Shadow Sect has huge amounts of cultivation resources, while he has the killer move to unravel dreams, he can help us conquer the giant dream realm and save our main body’s soul.”


 Ying Wu Xie frowned deeply, he cast aside his personal emotions and tried to consider the possibility of this.


 But soon, he expressed his worries: “Fang Yuan is scheming and vicious, he thinks of us as huge threats, he wants to eliminate us all. Now that he is the Reverse Flow River Lord, he is already able to contest with rank eight existences. We desperately need methods to unravel dreams, while he needs cultivation resources less urgently. It is hard for us to cooperate.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “You are completely right, but do you know about the biggest flaw of the sovereign immortal body?”


 “What do you mean? You mean the non-conflicting dao marks of the sovereign immortal body?” Ying Wu Xie asked in confusion.


 “Of course not. Non-conflicting dao marks are the sovereign immortal body’s biggest advantage, far surpassing the weaknesses that they bring. What I mean is that hidden problem!” Purple Mountain True Monarch shook his head.


 “There is an important hidden problem?” Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


 “Our original plan was to refine a rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Only rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu can be considered perfect without any flaws. But evidently, we only refined a rank nine version, that huge drawback has not shown itself yet, but it will force Fang Yuan to cooperate with us regardless.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said.


 The sovereign immortal body had a major flaw!


 As for what flaw it was that made Purple Mountain True Monarch so certain that it would restrict Fang Yuan?


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were curious, but Purple Mountain True Monarch did not answer it.


 At the same time, Purple Mountain True Monarch had his own questions and suspicions.


 “Strange.”


 “From Ying Wu Xie’s information, our sect refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu very hurriedly. It is not like our original plan.”


 “What is the reason that made our main body act so urgently?”


 “It seems that alongside getting in contact with Fang Yuan, I need to make a trip to the River of Time!”


 Eastern Sea.


 Above the blue sea, Fang Yuan rapidly moved through the white clouds, his target was Southern Border.


 “Happening again!” While flying, Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 He could sense that the power of Dark Limit on him was rapidly consumed. This consumption was so fast that it was going to be used up soon.


 Evidently, a great expert was deducing matters about him.


 When he saw that no one was around, Fang Yuan quickly placed his immortal aperture.


 After entering the immortal aperture, isolating him from the outside world, and preventing the deduction of the other party, Fang Yuan’s danger of getting exposed was alleviated.


 Fang Yuan sighed.


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, he was met with countless deductions.


 Liu Guan Yi’s identity became extremely famous.


 Not just Northern Plains and Central Continent, even Eastern Sea, Southern Border, and Western Desert Gu Immortals were very curious about Liu Guan Yi, they wanted to deduce more information about him.


 Liu Guan Yi was a fake identity, but he was still Fang Yuan.


 This way, Fang Yuan endured all of the pressure.


 Even with dark limit Immortal Gu, he had to constantly stop and hide inside his immortal aperture.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan met with about four to five hundred deductions.


 This greatly interfered with his traveling, he had to constantly stop, and resulted in him still being in Eastern Sea now.


 With his usual speed, he would be in Southern Border already.


 “If not for dark limit Immortal Gu, the situation would be worse.”


 “However, it is to be expected that I created such a huge commotion. After all, people are putting me in the same class as Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “When I destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Imperial Court blessed land, I had Shadow Sect’s help and felt no pressure, but now I do. It seems that getting an immortal killer move to deal with these deductions is necessary.”


 Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, deducing an immortal killer move was not impossible. But it would not be as easy as creating reverse flow protection seal.


 After all, when deducing reverse flow protection seal, there were many elements involved other than his water path attainment level.


 Most importantly, he had the appropriate Immortal Gu along with a strong foundation, thus he met with no problems.


 But currently, the Immortal Gu that suited this was Dark Limit, it was not wisdom path but dark path instead.


 Fang Yuan’s dark path attainment level was not outstanding.



***
Chapter 1291 - Huge Assets


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 While evading deductions, Fang Yuan did not waste time, he inspected his immortal aperture.


 Five regions, nine heavens.


 The sizes were incredible, beyond this world’s common sense.


 335000km2 of space was already shockingly huge, nobody would believe it if they heard of it.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had exceeded 335000km2 of space already.


 This was because he had been slaughtering Gu Immortals and annexing their immortal apertures recently.


 Because of the sovereign immortal body’s special characteristics, Fang Yuan could completely annex other people’s blessed lands and absorb all their dao marks without any wastage.


 These immortal apertures added up to create many unique areas in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 These areas were mainly managed by land spirits, Fang Yuan could save a lot of effort. They were like tiny pearls scattered all over the five regions and nine heavens.


 “I have incredible amounts of space path resources. Normal Gu Immortals try by all means possible to expand their immortal apertures, but I have so much space that I have yet to develop.”


 Fang Yuan was satisfied with this, on the other hand, regarding the time path resources, he had a different feeling.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time had slowed a lot.


 It was one-to-sixty earlier, this was simply unmatched!


 But now, it was below normal standards.


 This was something he had no other way to deal with.


 Before Fang Yuan changed his cultivation method, in order to stall calamities and tribulations, he had to do this.


 He used the time path methods in Hei Fan’s true inheritance to slow the time in his immortal aperture, with fewer time path resources now, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence production fell greatly, not just that, all of his gains in his other resources also fell.


 Thinking over it in detail.


 Inside Mini Central Continent, there was the blood zhi forest, and mirror willows, they were from Hu Immortal blessed land. Other than these, there was a small jade light pit.


 This small jade light pit had light path mortal Gu in it, the quantity was large.


 This was created in his immortal aperture after Fang Yuan took reference from the jade light pit resource point of Northern Plains’ Liu tribe.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan ransacked the jade light pit and took away all of the light path mortal Gu in it.


 A portion of the light path Gu worms were placed into the aurora lights in the nine heavens, but the rest could not be sold easily.


 Fang Yuan thus created a small jade light pit to temporarily store these light path mortal Gu.


 Of course, this small jade light pit could not compare with the genuine article. The latter was a true resource point, it had a lot of light path dao marks and any insect group placed in it would become Gu over time. But the former was only created by Fang Yuan haphazardly to store his light path Gu worms, it had no production capabilities.


 Mini Central Continent had the least development among the five mini regions.


 Mini Northern Plains was at a higher level.


 Mini Northern Plains had flat terrain that was mostly covered in snow and ice, becoming an icy plain.


 But snow and ice were not its only features.


 Closer to Eastern Sea, there was a shallow green beach, pieces of rocks were piled together to form a special lake. The aquatic plants inside were growing well, as spirit snakes lived in it.


 This shallow beach was the blessed land of transformation path Gu Immortal Han Dong, after Fang Yuan annexed it, even the pinkish red spirit snake land spirit was moved over and managed the area for him.


 Nearer to Western Desert, there was a bone burial field.


 There was a mountain of skeletons here of all types, collarbones, skulls, leg bones, even those from flying animals, there were lots of immortal materials that were very valuable.


 This bone burial field was the bone burial field that Fang Yuan took from Liu tribe.


 After killing Liu tribe Gu Immortal Liu Yong, he moved this bone burial field directly into his immortal aperture.


 Thus, he had this resource point that could generate bone path Gu worms.


 “But compared to the original bone burial field, my bone burial field may have a lot of bones, but the bone path dao marks cannot match the original. In the original bone burial field, even the surrounding soil had bone path dao marks. Liu tribe can rebuild their bone burial field with no problems.”


 Fang Yuan knew this deeply.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had already taken eighty percent of this bone burial field, the most valuable thing were these bones.


 The remaining twenty percent was the soil terrain, Liu tribe could rebuild their bone burial field, but to regain its former scale, they would need to expend a lot of resources.


 And closer to Central Continent.


 This was a sparse grassland with all sorts of wildflowers and grass, there were mainly blood sickle grass and red axe flowers.


 These were from Hu Immortal blessed land too.


 This grassland was huge, surpassing Han Dong blessed land. There were some pink flower rabbits, fox groups, water wolf groups, earth skin boar groups, poison beard wolf groups, and others, there was even a shark fin wolf and a desolate beast giant horned sheep, they were living in this grassland.


 Mini Western Desert had the highest temperature.


 Because most of the fire path dao marks were gathered here, the soil was sandy.


 There were three main resource points here.


 The first were the eerie fire dragon python dens, there were a lot of them in a particular area.


 The second was the the sand gull soil beach.


 It produced sand gull soil.


 Sand gull soil was a Gu material, it was also the food of connect luck Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan did not have connect luck Immortal Gu anymore, sand gull soil was now a resource sold to help Fang Yuan earn immortal essence stones.


 At the center of the sand gull soil, there was the dead egg of the worldly sand gull. It was filled with cracks, there were several small holes on it, as transparent egg white flowed out of the cracks slowly. Using the life essence in this egg, one could turn ordinary sand into sand gull soil.


 The third was the rotten black swamp. This was formed when Fang Yuan went through tribulation, it was filled with dark path dao marks. Fang Yuan had already modified it to become a dark path Gu worm resource point now, but because it had just been made, its production was low.


 Other than these three resource points, there were two blessed lands.


 One was an earth path blessed land resembling a rotting swamp, there were five desolate beast mud monsters inside, and all sorts of earth path mortal Gu, it was managed by the small mudman land spirit.


 The other was Liu Yong’s enslavement path blessed land, there were more than twenty dog desolate beasts in it. These desolate beasts were all purchased in treasure yellow heaven by Fang Yuan. This was because Liu Yong blessed land’s ownership requirement was to have twenty hound type desolate beasts. Among those were his six bone armor hounds. The entire blessed land was managed by a black hound land spirit.


 Mini Eastern Sea’s development was about the same as Mini Western Desert.


 Wu Yi Hai’s blessed land was here.


 This was a sea that was well managed by Wu Yi Hai, there were three ancient desolate beast horned divine tortoises, a huge field of ancient desolate plant silent corals, and six desolate beast white letter blue feather seagulls, managed by the sea turtle land spirit.


 Other than that, there was the original dragonfish group and two desolate beast dragonfish, air bubble fish group, as well as some rare literature carps and some oil water. There were large numbers of blue jade carps, blood jade carps, and an ancient desolate beast hidden room oyster (obtained in the turbulent flow sea area).


 There was another blood lake, it had a large amount of desolate beast blood and Gu Immortal blood, Fang Yuan had once placed blood asset Immortal Gu here to recover.


 Right now, blood asset Immortal Gu had fully recovered, but this blood lake remained.


 In the five mini regions, Mini Southern Border was the richest.


 Five Light Mountain, Immortal Succession Mountain, Heaven Sealing Mountain and others, for a total of more than ten mountains here.


 Stalactite cave, regretful spider group, a small number of rockmen, a huge forest with musical trees, tea streams, and qi death birds singing.


 There was a Become Dragon Mound, Fang Yuan had used pulling mountain Immortal Gu to move it into his immortal aperture from Northern Plains.


 And in the nine heavens.


 A small field of aurora lights were in Mini Orange Heaven. There were a lot of floating flowing light fruits in the aurora lights, and because he had obtained a lot of light path Gu worms from the jade light pit, the scale of the aurora lights and flowing light fruits expanded greatly on its original foundation.


 And in Mini Yellow Heaven, there was a small gold fragment current.


 In Mini Azure Heaven, there was a lot of pill azure incense, this was the food of change soul Immortal Gu. There was a heavenly crystal storage pool, it came from Hei Fan grotto-heaven and had no use for now.


 Mini Black Heaven had the walking meat tree, Mini White Heaven had multicolored overlord flowers, three ancient remnant heavenly dogs, one ancient eagle hound, and seven desolate beast eagle hounds.


 Mini Purple Heaven had the upper extreme heavenly eagle, although it had only desolate beast strength. More than eighty eagle nests were floating here. These were the loot from attacking Iron Eagle blessed land. The original eagle nest had already been fully eaten by the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 In Mini Blue Heaven, there was a lot of cloud soil, on top of them were the arrow bamboo forest, a star fragment grass field, and an infant falling star hound. The two desolate beast spinefin star dragonfish had already been sold, during the battle to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 There was also a meteorite pit that produced stellar fire Gu and falling meteor Gu. After killing Ye Lui Qun Xing and obtaining his blessed land, Fang Yuan also placed it here, it was a floating island filled with star fragments, the star core land spirit was managing it.


 There were also some blessed lands scattered around, and some other desolate beasts and desolate plants, there was no need to discuss them in detail.


 As for Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, they were in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Reverse Flow River was temporarily placed in Mini Eastern Sea by Fang Yuan.


 As for Gu worms —


 Rank nine wisdom Gu was in Lang Ya blessed land. Sovereign immortal fetus Gu had already been used, it would not be counted.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu: Attitude, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water (sealed).


 Rank seven Immortal Gu: Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Flying Sword, Sword Escape, Calamity Beckoning (with Chu Du), Year, After, Dragon Breath, Affection, Perseverance.


 Rank six Immortal Gu: Unravel Mystery, Woman’s Heart, Blood Asset, Dark Limit, Dog Shit Luck, Change Form, Strength Qi, Self Strength, Flying Bear Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, Star Eyes, Spring Autumn Cicada (contains heaven’s will, stored in the immortal zombie body), Bone Spike, Perceivable Dao.


 The mortal Gu were of all different types, they will be skipped.


 Hei Cheng’s dark arrow Immortal Gu had self-detonated, Fang Yuan did not obtain it.


 In terms of captives, there was Fang Zheng (in Lang Ya blessed land), Hei Cheng (intact body), Ma Hong Yun’s soul, Liu Yong’s soul, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul. As for Shi Nu’s soul, Fang Yuan did not obtain it. Shadow Sect had incredible attainment in soul path, Fang Yuan could not stop the soul from dissipating even though he captured it.


 As for the rest, like Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, the featherman Gu Immortal’s soul, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals’ souls, they were all sold to Lang Ya land spirit for sect contribution points. They were probably absorbed by Dang Hun Mountain and made into guts Gu by now.


 There was also the featherman Gu Immortal slave Zhou Zhong, he was sent to Western Desert by Fang Yuan to establish another plan.


 Huge assets!


 This was Fang Yuan’s current portfolio, it was no exaggeration.


 In total, even though he was rank seven, he could fully rival ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals in assets.


 Just those secluded domains of heaven and earth were incredibly valuable. And his Gu worms were plentiful, the number shockingly high!


 Look at Gu Immortal Hei Fan, he was a rank eight Gu Immortal. how many Immortal Gu did he have?


 But many Immortal Gu would create the problem of feeding them.


 Fang Yuan was still at this stage, trying to provide food for his Immortal Gu.


 The rank six and seven Immortal Gu were basically fine. The problems were attitude Gu and wisdom sword Immortal Gu, these two rank eight Immortal Gu.


 The new perseverance Gu that he obtained fed on Reverse Flow River’s water, Fang Yuan could easily feed it. Affection Gu fed on the same thing as love Gu, hope and fear, Fang Yuan could easily resolve that, he bought a large number of hope Gu and fear Gu from treasure yellow heaven.


 For Fang Yuan, developing his immortal aperture was not the main point now.


 As long as he slaughtered Gu Immortals and annexed their immortal apertures, his immortal aperture’s foundation would continue to grow.


 He was facing the problem of insufficient immortal essence.


 Pursuing Ying Wu Xie and gang, the Reverse Flow River battle, and escaping from Mao Li Qiu, Fang Yuan expended a lot of immortal essence.


 This caused his red date immortal essence storage to fall to a critical level.


 “Originally, with my time path resources, the rate of time was fast, my immortal aperture produced a lot of red date immortal essence.”


 “But after using my time path methods, the immortal aperture’s time is close to the five regions’ time, I can only replenish my immortal essence through transactions.”


 Reverse flow protection seal used a lot of the Gu Immortal’s mental energy and immortal essence.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal now, if he was still using green grape immortal essence, he would have ran out of them.


 Without red date immortal essence, Fang Yuan did not have much confidence.


 While resting, he sold all of the desolate beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven.


 These desolate beast corpses were immortal materials of high quantity. Fang Yuan had exterminated these desolate beast groups while he was pursuing Ying Wu Xie in Earth Trench.


 Among them were a group of nightmare demonic colts, if these dream path immortal materials were sold in treasure yellow heaven, a huge commotion would arise, many Gu Immortals would fight for them.


 But Fang Yuan kept all of these nightmare demonic colt corpses with him, he had better use for them.


 After resting for a while, he made several transactions.


 After subtracting the transaction fees of treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan earned a lot of immortal essence stones.


 One immortal essence stone could convert to one bead of green grape immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal, using a hundred immortal essence stones would create one bead of red date immortal essence.


 While he was replenishing his red date immortal essence stockpile, he received some information.


 “This is a letter from Sixth Hair.”


 Fang Yuan felt strange.


 After checking it, he felt shocked: “Shadow Sect wants to negotiate a truce with me, they even want us to work together?”


 Author’s Note: Collating Fang Yuan’s assets was too tiring!



***
Chapter 1292 - Attitude Gu’s Problem


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was flickering.


 Shadow Sect’s letter was out of his expectations.


 But thinking about it, it was completely logical.


 In the battle of Reverse Flow River, even though Fang Yuan did not obtain a lot of cultivation resources, his battle strength rose drastically, he was at the level of the strongest person under rank eight, on par with Feng Jiu Ge.


 The increase in his battle strength gave rise to his heightened status.


 Actually, before this letter, he also received others.


 Like the one from Chu Du. Chu Du spoke very politely in the letter, congratulating Fang Yuan for his victory and expressing regret at not being there. Next, he talked about his own situation, Chu Sect was now Chu tribe, and the supreme elders were now all external supreme elders. The disciples of Chu Du were his god-children now, and finally, Chu Du talked about his own difficulties, because he created a tribe and became part of the righteous path, he had to expel Fang Yuan from Chu Sect. This was not his own wish, he was forced to do so.


 There was also one from the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics. Other than congratulating Fang Yuan, they invited him enthusiastically to explore Crazed Demon Cave. They said: Even if Northern Plains did not welcome him, Crazed Demon Cave would always be his home. These words were very mushy, it showed their brand new attitude towards him.


 Regarding Longevity Heaven, they were putting up arrest warrants for Fang Yuan. After all, he killed Ma Hong Yun.


 However, Liu tribe and Ye Lui tribe, who were pursuing Fang Yuan earlier, had quietened down.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength shocked them completely. They quickly recalled the members they sent out to find him.


 Instead, they were afraid that Fang Yuan would take revenge on them. After all, Fang Yuan’s strength was incredibly famous in Northern Plains now, well beyond Chu Du.


 “And now, Shadow Sect has sent a letter seeking cooperation. Hehe.”


 “Shadow Sect has a rank eight Gu Immortal, but he has a major weakness, he becomes insane at times.” Fang Yuan thought about it, he had fought Purple Mountain True Monarch in Reverse Flow River, he learned something about his condition.


 Actually, if Fang Yuan did not refine perseverance Gu and create the immortal killer move reverse flow protection seal, he would have likely lost in the battle of Reverse Flow River, he would have fallen into Ying Wu Xie’s trap.


 All along, Shadow Sect’s remnant forces were Fang Yuan’s biggest threat. Heaven’s will set an arrangement using Fang Yuan to steal sovereign immortal fetus Gu, causing Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect to have unresolvable enmity.


 If Shadow Sect wanted to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu again, they would follow a method similar to what Old Ancestor Xue Hu was using to refine Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he used Ma Hong Yun as the main material for the Gu refinement.


 If Fang Yuan ended up in Shadow Sect’s hands, he would not escape that fate, he would be used as the immortal material for that Gu refinement, he would be better off dead.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s strength grew to a point where he could stand up to rank eight Gu Immortals, thus, Shadow Sect sought cooperation with him.


 This difference in attitude made Fang Yuan sigh deeply.


 Reverse flow protection seal was like a weaker Immortal Gu House, he could be unscathed against rank eights, this gave Fang Yuan a lot of confidence.


 “But cooperating with Shadow Sect is like walking on a tightrope!”


 Even though Sixth Hair was saying the truth, and the reasons he gave were legitimate, there were indeed benefits to all of them if they cooperated. Disregarding anything else, just the soul path trap in Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body, and the secret of the sovereign immortal body, could be settled if they cooperated.


 However, Fang Yuan could not trust Shadow Sect!


 It was still the same problem.


 Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect could not trust each other.


 They were mortal enemies, how could they easily turn into allies?


 Even if they were rational people who prioritized benefits, the basis of cooperation between Gu Immortals was not a person’s reputation, but their information path methods instead.


 However, Fang Yuan was lacking in information path, this was his weakness. And Shadow Sect possessed powerful information path methods.


 Spectral Soul was a great grandmaster in all paths, ignoring everything else, just looking at Zombie Alliance and the organization ‘Defy’ in Central Continent, they had used very powerful information path methods. Any organization was built upon the basis of alliance agreements.


 Fang Yuan could not trust Shadow Sect and did not dare to. If by cooperating, he was plotted against by them using information path methods, he would be an idiot.


 However, Fang Yuan did not reject them.


 He sent back a letter to probe Shadow Sect’s sincerity. In the letter, he listed a request — Give me attitude Gu directly if you want to cooperate.


 Speaking of which, even though Fang Yuan had been using attitude Gu all along, it was not his, it was borrowed from Hei Lou Lan.


 Back then, when lending the Immortal Gu, both sides had an agreement, there was a time when he needed to return it.


 If he went past the time limit, Fang Yuan would not be able to use attitude Gu. That was because Hei Lou Lan’s will was inside attitude Gu, not Fang Yuan’s.


 And now, there was little time until the deadline.


 Attitude Gu was a legendary Gu worm that could be used with mental energy alone, it had outstanding effects with relatively low costs. Ever since Fang Yuan obtained it, he had passed many difficulties with its huge help. Even though attitude Gu had no offensive methods, it was legendary in the support aspect, it had unlimited uses.


 Without attitude Gu, the influence on Fang Yuan would be huge.


 Firstly, familiar face would be unusable. Even though Fang Yuan could use his transformation path grandmaster attainment level to redesign this immortal killer move, without that rank eight core, the entire immortal killer move would weaken severely. The chance of getting exposed when he pretended to be Wu Yi Hai would be huge, it was very dangerous.


 “If I can use this opportunity to resolve attitude Gu’s problem, that would be best.” Fang Yuan was feeling somewhat hopeful.


 It was about time, Fang Yuan used dark limit Immortal Gu to increase its effect on him.


 Next, he stored his immortal aperture and set off.


 Towards the southwest direction.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Inside the hall, Fairy Zi Wei sat as she used her immortal killer move.


 Her entire body was emitting faint purple smoke from all of her pores.


 She was using wisdom path methods to deduce.


 Soon after, Fairy Zi Wei’s forehead was full of sweat as she opened her eyes.


 “I have already used seven killer moves, but I could not deduce the location of our Gu Immortals.” Fairy Zi Wei sighed.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals attacked Northern Plains, after the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan fled the scene as Central Continent fought against Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Longevity Heaven in an intense battle.


 Central Continent wanted to reinforce them and send help.


 But this first batch of Central Continent Gu Immortals had gone missing in black heaven. Fairy Zi Wei could not deduce their locations, how could she save them? There was nowhere to send these reinforcements to!


 Duke Long beside her opened his eyes.


 He was still very weak, he was thin and frail like an old man.


 “It seems that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made many arrangements in Northern Plains, have you deduced Liu Guan Yi’s location?” Duke Long asked.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: “He seems to have defensive methods to resist wisdom path deductions, but they are not strong. However, we know too little about him. If we had some crucial information, he would be exposed to us.”


 Duke Long heard this and nodded, after a while, he spoke: “So be it, continue deducing the location of our Gu Immortals, as well as Liu Guan Yi. Also, send me to Hidden Dragon Cave.”


 Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan sighed helplessly, he had to place his immortal aperture down again.


 Liu Guan Yi was famous in all five regions, Dark Limit’s power was constantly being consumed on Fang Yuan’s body, at a rapid rate.


 To maintain his secret, Fang Yuan had to stop many times.


 His immortal aperture’s entrance opened, he drew in large amounts of heaven and earth qi.


 The sovereign immortal body could absorb heaven and earth qi from all five regions.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals could only absorb the heaven and earth qi of their region, if they placed their aperture in other regions, even though they could absorb it forcefully, because of the differing heaven and earth qi, their immortal apertures would shake and many resources would be destroyed.


 Right now, the sovereign immortal aperture had too many resources, along with desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. Each time he absorbed heaven and earth qi, the commotion was huge, it was like a typhoon occurring.


 Especially after he obtained Reverse Flow River, this secluded domain of heaven and earth had a heavy burden on the immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 1293 - Thoughts of Trading Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 It was fine if Reverse Flow River was outside, but if it stayed in the immortal aperture for long, it would consume a lot of heaven and earth qi. Once he lacked heaven and earth qi, his immortal aperture would be unstable.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to constantly place his immortal aperture outside to absorb heaven and earth qi and replenish it.


 After he finished his absorption, Fang Yuan closed his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 Arriving at Reverse Flow River, he held an immortal zombie body.


 It was his original body.


 He tossed the immortal zombie into Reverse Flow River.


 The immortal zombie body flowed along it.


 Using perseverance Immortal Gu and Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan made his experiments, he used all of the methods he could think of.


 However, it was pointless.


 “As expected.”


 “The immortal zombie body’s soul path dao marks cannot be destroyed or suppressed by Reverse Flow River. After all, these are soul path dao marks, not Immortal Gu.”


 “Rank one to eight Immortal Gu cannot be used in Reverse Flow River. But dao marks still work. It is like before, before I conquered Reverse Flow River, my dao marks still defended me. Thus, rank eight Gu Immortals were the strongest in that river.”


 Fang Yuan continued to analyze and think about his failed experiment.


 He wanted to use Reverse Flow River to resolve his soul path trap, it was impossible.


 Fang Yuan was not disheartened, in fact, he had expected this before trying it.


 He placed the immortal zombie body back inside Heaven Sealing Mountain, using the Gu formation to seal it again.


 Next, he refined Gu.


 A nightmare demonic colt corpse was in front of him.


 Fang Yuan’s fingers moved like blades, golden light shone as he move them.


 The golden light entered the nightmare demonic colt’s body and vanished. The nightmare demonic colt’s front leg was cut off.


 There was no blood.


 These nightmare demonic colts died in battle, Fang Yuan asked his immortal aperture’s land spirits to process these materials first. The blood had been drained and kept elsewhere.


 Fang Yuan lifted the leg and immediately tore it away.


 Next, he breathed out fire and started to process this leg.


 Three days later, the leg was finally melted into a dark purple liquid.


 Fang Yuan continued to throw in Gu worms to refine Gu.


 Over a dozen steps took up only fifteen minutes.


 The dark purple liquid exploded, as a hundred dream path mortal Gu flew around chaotically in the sky.


 But Fang Yuan willed and they quickly went back to Fang Yuan’s side.


 A hundred dream path mortal Gu!


 This was only a leg of this nightmare demonic colt.


 Processing this immortal material took the most time. This step took three days. The rest of the steps only took less than an hour.


 Such efficiency was very high, it was a clear contrast to Fang Yuan refining Gu in his dream realm previously.


 In the dream realm, Fang Yuan had to collect dream path Gu materials before refining Gu. There was a risk in entering the dream, he even sometimes had to use the immortal killer move, unravel dream, to pass the dream realm. Refining dream path mortal Gu but using immortal killer moves, the cost was very high.


 But now, Fang Yuan had these nightmare demonic colts, refining these dream path mortal Gu was no longer like before.


 “It is like earlier, when I used the spring dream fruit to refine mortal Gu, the efficiency was great.”


 “Actually, my Gu refinement method can be improved. Like the cutting method earlier, I used metal path methods, it was not the best, some of the dream path dao marks were consumed. When processing immortal materials, I can try other methods to see if there is a better way.”


 While he was refining Gu, Sixth Hair sent another letter.


 Using Lang Ya blessed land, Sixth Hair was already the middleman between Fang Yuan and Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 In the letter, Purple Mountain True Monarch did not give in, he said bluntly: If Fang Yuan wanted to control attitude Gu, he would need to cooperate first. As long as they worked together, attitude Gu would be his. This time, Shadow Sect even mentioned the sovereign immortal aperture’s drawback, as for what it was, they did not say it.


 “Rank eight Gu Immortals are truly hard to deal with.”


 “Drawback? Is Shadow Sect lying, or is it true?”


 This information had a huge impact on Fang Yuan.


 But soon, he calmed down.


 He had gone through many difficulties, this scheme or threat was nothing to him.


 “It seems I can only work hard myself.”


 Fang Yuan sent a letter, he bargained and continued negotiating with Shadow Sect.


 But he had already realized that Shadow Sect would not give attitude Gu to him before cooperating.


 Fang Yuan started to design a new immortal killer move.


 He wanted to use this immortal killer move to refine attitude Gu.


 He was soon met with a problem, the reason was that even though he had many Immortal Gu, they were not suitable for this purpose.


 It was not like the creation of reverse flow protection seal.


 Fang Yuan had pulling water Immortal Gu and perseverance Immortal Gu, they were suitable as the two cores of this immortal killer move.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s other Immortal Gu were not especially useful for refining attitude Gu, they had limited connection to it and a lot of mortal Gu were needed.


 “If only there is a chance to trade Gu.”


 This thought appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind and rooted itself deeply.


 Trading Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan had too many Immortal Gu now, it was shocking.


 But in fact, a portion of the Immortal Gu were not suitable for him, or rather, they did not have much use for the time being.


 Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, even though they were not usable now, they were rank eight, Fang Yuan would not exchange them.


 Fang Yuan did not have many sword path dao marks, his sword path attainment level was ordinary as well, but Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, and Sword Escape, these sword path Immortal Gu sustained a portion of his battle strength, he could not lose them.


 Looking over the situation, change soul Immortal Gu could be traded.


 Woman’s Heart was poison path, it had little use as well.


 Flying bear strength Immortal Gu was strength path, but Fang Yuan used ancient sword dragon transformation, this Immortal Gu was not useful.


 There was also bone spike Immortal Gu, it was completely irrelevant to Fang Yuan’s current circumstances.


 Perceivable dao Immortal Gu could inspect dao marks, it had a mystical use, but to Fang Yuan, it was not very useful, he had to weigh up its value later.


 All in all, Woman’s Heart, Flying Bear Strength, and Bone Spike, these three Immortal Gu had little use to Fang Yuan, if they could be traded for other Immortal Gu, that would be best.


 But trading Gu, how difficult was that?


 During the five regions chaotic war, it was very common. But now, there were few opportunities for Gu Immortals to undergo high end trading sessions.


 This way, Fang Yuan continued to travel and stop.


 He wanted to go faster, but it was too difficult.


 Along the way, when placing his immortal aperture, he refined dream path mortal Gu and deduced immortal killer moves, attempting to refine attitude Gu to make it his own.


 This time, as Fang Yuan stored his immortal aperture and prepared to set off, his expression suddenly changed, he noticed traces of Gu Immortals fighting.



***
Chapter 1294 - Reappearance of Chu Ying


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “We’re finally past the regional wall.” Ying Wu Xie let out a breath of air, looking at the sea, he felt mentally fatigued.


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing, who were beside him, were in no better condition.


 After leaving Northern Plains, Shadow Sect’s group left for Eastern Sea. They did not have the sovereign immortal body, each time they passed the regional wall, it was a huge test.


 Thankfully, they were all powerful and were elites among Gu Immortals. Even though their immortal apertures were damaged, they did not die.


 They were not leaving urgently.


 After entering Eastern Sea, they chose a random island.


 On this nameless island, Ying Wu Xie directed Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan to start arranging a refinement path Gu formation.


 The Gu formation succeeded in activation, Ying Wu Xie came to the center and took out the purple gold rock, processing this immortal material.


 As for Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan, they were outside the Gu formation, standing to defend against any intruders.


 Not long after, the purple gold rock melted as the miniman Gu Immortal, Purple Mountain, True Monarch woke up again.


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, if he wanted to cross the five regions, he would normally have to use black heaven or white heaven. But now, the parts of black heaven and white heaven above Northern Plains were influenced by Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, it was controlled by Longevity Heaven.


 Shadow Sect’s group were not going to enter a trap. The outcome of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were displayed to them.


 Shadow Sect had deep foundation, Purple Mountain True Monarch went into hibernation again as a purple gold rock formed around his body.


 His aura was completely concealed, his vitality was indiscernible, he was just like a dead object.


 Using such incredible methods, Ying Wu Xie brought Purple Mountain True Monarch through the regional walls and arrived in Eastern Sea.


 The thin layer of purple gold rock was easily refined by Ying Wu Xie, who had the right method, it was way easier than the time when Lady Wan Shou had to process it.


 “Eastern Sea...” Purple Mountain True Monarch woke up and sighed as he looked at the vast sea area.


 Under his lead, Shadow Sect’s group first dismantled the Gu formation and stored its components, wiping all traces of it.


 Then, the four Gu Immortals started to use the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel.


 A moment later, they arrived in the turbulent flow sea area.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch led the way, none of the sea currents could pose as obstacles.


 Soon, Shadow Sect’s group arrived at the center of the turbulent flow sea area.


 “Hmm? Where is the tributary of the River of Time?” Unable to find the thing they needed, Ying Wu Xie asked this in confusion.


 “Don’t tell me this tributary of the River of Time is already gone, it is at the fringe of the turbulent flows?” Hei Lou Lan guessed.


 After some investigation, Purple Mountain True Monarch found some clues.


 “That tributary of the River of Time has been taken away by someone.” He said grimly.


 “How can that be? Who did it? Is it Fang Yuan?” Ying Wu Xie first thought of Fang Yuan.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch shook his head: “This method should not be his. It is someone else, forget about it. Since we cannot use this tributary of the River of Time, we will go to the next location, there is a tributary of the River of Time there too.”


 Shadow Sect’s group left the turbulent flow sea area again.


 Elsewhere in Eastern Sea.


 There was a vast sea and sky.


 Above the sea, a life and death battle was unfolding.


 “Quickly leave, I was hit by his lightning soul needle, he can sense my location, I cannot escape, I cannot implicate you.” Immortal Hua Die lay in a man’s arms, speaking weakly.


 This woman was dressed in a raiment, her sleeves were fluttering, she wore light pink. Her eyes were showing signs of weakness, blood was flowing out of the corner of her mouth, her injuries were severe.


 Especially on her skin, there were tiny sparks shining at times, it was the sign of the immortal killer move lightning soul needle’s effect.


 “No.” The male Gu Immortal rejected unhesitantly.


 He had broad shoulders and a thin waist, he wore a suit of battle armor, and even though he was covered in injuries, his valiance could not be concealed.


 “How can I abandon you? If I escape now, how can I face Lord Miao Ming Shen?” Even though he said that, when he looked towards Immortal Hua Die, there was love in his eyes.


 He was Feng Jiang.


 Feng Jiang, Immortal Hua Die, Gui Qi Ye, these three were subordinates of the Eastern Sea space path expert Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen wanted to find a tributary of the River of Time in the turbulent flow sea area, thus these three Gu Immortals would take turns to guard the turbulent flow sea area. When they saw any Gu Immortals approaching the turbulent flow sea area, they would talk to them and ask for their help.


 “Then you lovebirds can die together!” There was only one person in pursuit, he had rank seven cultivation level.


 He was named Ge Wen, he wore a blue robe and had tough, dry skin, like tree bark. His eyes were shining with red light, his teeth were sharp, he had a sinister expression.


 This person was quite a senior and had some reputation in Eastern Sea.


 He was a lightning path grandmaster, but once when he was using an immortal killer move, he failed and suffered a backlash, leading to him having no choice but to become an immortal zombie.


 Even so, he had outstanding battle strength, he possessed two Immortal Gu, the rank six Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang were forced to flee.


 “Hand over the year cycle powder, you two are quite daring to snatch my immortal material. If you hand it over, I might leave you a proper corpse!” Ge Wen chuckled as he approached with overwhelming demonic aura.


 Immortal Hua Die was anxious: “We found this year cycle powder first, how can it be yours?”


 “I have been here for half a month already, but the moment I looked away, you two took it!” Ge Wen growled.


 Immortal Hua Die was incensed: “Lord Miao Ming Shen found this year cycle powder three years ago and set a Gu formation here. Once every few months, I would come there and take care of it. No matter how you distort the facts, you cannot change them.”


 Immortal Hua Die said the truth, Ge Wen stopped denying it, his expression turned grim: “Hmph, you have a sharp tongue, you will be the first one I kill.”


 “Demonic scoundrel, don’t be cocky!”


 At this moment, there was a clear voice that resounded in their ears.


 “Who?” Ge Wen’s expression changed, he shouted.


 The moment he said that, the sea level rose up like a small mound.


 Next, from within the ‘mound’, a fierce beast charged out, causing winds to blow and water the splatter.


 A blue scaled sea dragon appeared before the three immortals, speaking: “Demon, hand over your life!”


 The three immortals saw this and understood that this blue scaled sea dragon was a Gu Immortal’s transformation.


 Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang were happy and shocked.


 Ge Wen was furious: “Why are you a busybody! Take my killer move.”


 Saying this, he breathed in deeply, spitting at his right palm.


 He did not spit out saliva, of course, it was an egg-sized flash of lightning.


 The lightning entered Ge Wen’s right palm and exploded into a beam of lightning that shot out from his palm.


 The blue scaled sea dragon did not dodge, it opened its mouth towards the approaching beam of lightning.


 Dragon’s breath!


 Ge Wen saw this and laughed in his mind: “My move can last for several minutes, while dragon breath needs to be used breath by breath, how can he last?”


 But the blue scaled sea dragon’s breath did not end!


 The dragon’s breath was like a beam of water colliding with the beam of lightning, next, the powerful dragon breath smashed through the lightning pillar.


 In a few breath’s time, it got to Ge Wen.


 “How can this be? What dragon breath is this?!” Ge Wen showed disbelief and shock on his face.


 He quickly dodged.


 But the blue scaled sea dragon turned around and its dragon breath continued to sweep the battlefield.


 Ge Wen frowned deeply, grunting: “You guys are lucky, I will spare you this time!”


 Saying this, he retreated, turning into a flash of lightning with incredible speed.


 The blue scaled sea dragon did not give chase, it watched as Ge Wen left.


 “He wants to return to the Gu formation, a lot of the year cycle powder is left.” Immortal Hua Die pointed out Ge Wen’s plan.


 Feng Jiang placed Immortal Hua Die down and cupped his fists at the blue scaled sea dragon: “Virtuous friend, you defeated the powerful foe, we will not forget the gratitude of saving our lives. I would like to know your esteemed name!”


 The blue scaled sea dragon suddenly transformed into an ordinary looking Gu Immortal, he smiled: “I am Chu Ying, Fairy Hua Die, have you been well?”


 Immortal Hua Die was surprised and joyful: “To think that you are Chu Ying!”


 Seeing Feng Jiang’s gaze, Immortal Hua Die explained: “It was thanks to Chu Ying that we found that tributary of the River of Time in the turbulent flow sea area. He was the reason Lord Miao Ming Shen could take away that tributary of the River of Time.”



***
Chapter 1295 - Eastern Sea Trading Convention


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “So there was such a connection!” Hearing Immortal Hua Die’s words, Feng Jiang’s expression turned to joy, his suspicions were dispelled.


 This Chu Ying was naturally Fang Yuan in disguise.


 After he stored his immortal aperture, he found that there were traces of Gu Immortals fighting in the sea areas around him.


 Out of curiosity, he followed the traces and wanted to see if there were some gains for him. In the end, he found that Immortal Hua Die and another person (Feng Jiang) were being pursued by an enemy.


 And the pursuer was a rank seven immortal zombie. At this point, such a person was a weakling to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had helped Immortal Hua Die some time ago, he wanted to get in contact with the space path Gu Immortal expert, Miao Ming Shen, who was behind Immortal Hua Die.


 This person knew of a method to enter and explore the blue dragon whale.


 And this blue dragon whale was not ordinary either, it was nurtured by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and awakened its immortal aperture, it possessed a huge treasury.


 It was like the dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu of Northern Plains.


 But the blue dragon whale’s wisdom was not enhanced, it could only swim freely in the ocean according to its instincts.


 Not only did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable awaken its immortal aperture, he also used an immortal killer move on its body. Thus, this blue dragon whale had almost no predators or dangers.


 The blue dragon whale was mild in temperament and posed no danger, but its defensive power rendered all of those who wanted to harm it helpless.


 This was the style of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 According to a secret rumor in the five hundred years of his previous life, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had left a true inheritance in the blue dragon whale’s body.


 Fang Yuan remembered that Miao Ming Shen had explored the world inside the blue dragon whale many times. However, even though he had gains each time, he did not obtain the true inheritance from start to finish.


 Fang Yuan naturally cared about this. Thus, when he saw Immortal Hua Die being pursued, he realized that this was a rare chance, he could express goodwill to Miao Ming Shen again.


 Thus, he intervened and chased the lightning path immortal zombie Ge Wen away.


 He did not transform into an ancient sword dragon.


 The ancient sword dragon form could not be used openly now.


 Because Liu Guan Yi had used it to kill Ye Lui Qun Xing in Northern Plains.


 Right now, Liu Guan Yi was the Reverse Flow River Lord that was able to go unscathed against rank eights. His reputation was renowned all over the world, almost everyone knew of him.


 Countless people were interested in Liu Guan Yi, they tried to deduce his origins.


 The fact that Liu Guan Yi possessed an ancient sword dragon transformation was known to all.


 Thus, once Fang Yuan used the ancient sword dragon transformation, other Gu Immortals would immediately think of Liu Guan Yi.


 This was the burden of reputation.


 Even though Fang Yuan could not use ancient sword dragon transformation, he had change form Immortal Gu, he could turn into countless things in this world at will.


 Thus, he transformed into the blue scaled sea dragon that was exclusive to Eastern Sea.


 This was also an ancient desolate beast.


 But its might could not rival the ancient sword dragon.


 However, Fang Yuan’s dragon breath Immortal Gu could still be used.


 Worth mentioning was that the dragon breath of the blue scaled sea dragon was also used breath by breath. Earlier, he could defeat the lightning path immortal zombie Ge Wen because Fang Yuan had used perseverance Immortal Gu at the same time.


 Rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu, after obtaining it, Fang Yuan had tried to learn more about its ability.


 Gu Immortals nurture, use, and refine, these three aspects needed a lot of time and investment.


 After being in Eastern Sea for several days, Fang Yuan had already understood some of the uses of perseverance Immortal Gu.


 Other than conquering Reverse Flow River, perseverance Immortal Gu could allow other Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves to last for a longer time.


 For example, the blue scaled sea dragon’s breath.


 If Fang Yuan used dragon breath Immortal Gu solely, it could not break away from the normal limits of dragon breath, it would be used breath by breath, it could only be increased in strength.


 But if he used perseverance Immortal Gu along with the dragon breath, then the dragon breath would be used for a long time without stopping!


 Of course, he could not sustain it for too long. Dragon breath had a huge burden on the throat, even real blue scaled sea dragons breathed it out breath by breath. This was the self-defense mechanism of lifeforms after a long process of evolution.


 Thankfully, although that Ge Wen had some fame, he retreated wisely after a short battle with Fang Yuan, realizing that he was a strong opponent.


 After all, demonic path Gu Immortals focused on profits.


 “This friend is?” Fang Yuan looked at Immortal Hua Die.


 “I am one of Lord Miao Ming Shen’s subordinates, Feng Jiang. Lord Chu, you are my savior, I wonder how I can thank you.” Feng Jiang immediately introduced himself, it was very passionate and filled with gratitude towards Fang Yuan.


 “No need to thank me, it was just a helping hand. I met you two coincidentally, thus I stepped in. Even though I am a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, I have been moving around recently, I cannot stand these demonic acts. I have this personality, and because Fairy Hua Die is an acquaintance, I had no reason not to help.” Fang Yuan was very humble.


 Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang heard these words and felt closer to Fang Yuan.


 The three immortals talked for a while as Immortal Hua Die sighed: “It is a pity. There was so much year cycle powder, they are mostly in Ge Wen’s hands now. Our efforts have been in vain. We should have made that Gu formation even more hidden.”


 Feng Jiang consoled: “Alright, Little Die, don’t blame yourself. Eastern Sea is so big, but Ge Wen found this Gu formation so coincidentally. We are not skilled in formation path, this Gu formation is already the best that can be done. If we hide it even more deeply, we will need Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I have something to say, even though the year cycle powder is lost, your lives are preserved, this is hope. Don’t be disheartened, there are losses and gains in life, aren’t our lives just a cycle of losing and winning anyway.”


 Feng Jiang laughed: “Lord Chu speaks deeply, this is truly insightful.”


 Immortal Hua Die’s brows were locked, she was sorrowful: “I understand this too, and at a different time, so be it if this year cycle powder was lost. But right now, Lord Miao Ming Shen is attending a trading convention, one of his Gu Immortal friends need this. Lord Miao Ming Shen has already agreed to his request, there are only a few days left until the convention, but the year cycle powder was taken away, what should we do?”


 Hearing this, Feng Jiang’s expression sank: “That’s right, we are going to return empty handed. Even if Lord Miao Ming Shen does not blame us, we will be at fault, we failed in our task. And most importantly, we will cause Lord Miao Ming Shen’s reputation to suffer, this is our fault!”


 “Trading convention?” Fang Yuan was moved.


 Earlier, he was thinking about trading away some of the unsuitable Immortal Gu that he had.


 To think that this would come in such a timely manner, he actually encountered one of Eastern Sea’s trading conventions.


 Eastern Sea was the most abundant in resources out of the five regions, even Central Continent could not match it.


 Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were usually more affluent.


 This resulted in Eastern Sea’s trading conventions to be very famous in the five regions, they involved high-end items and often, Gu Immortals would exchange Immortal Gu with each other.


 Of course, this was not to say that the other four regions had no trading conventions. But they were too few of them, Fang Yuan could not join them either.


 Only Eastern Sea’s trading conventions served as his opportunity.


 “I have Immortal Gu that I want to trade away, is it possible for me to join this trading convention?” Fang Yuan did not hide his intention, he asked directly.


 Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang looked at each other, the former said: “This trading convention is very high class, we are not qualified to join it, nor do we have the rights to recommend others. But Lord Chu Ying is different, you are our benefactor. How about this, can you follow us to meet with our lord, and see what he says?”


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan nodded: “Shall we set off now?”


 He was very rushed.


 Because time was limited.


 Dark Limit’s power was dwindling as other Gu Immortals deduced matters about him.


 Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang were a little hesitant, their mission to collect the year cycle powder had failed, they actually wanted Fang Yuan to help them take back the year cycle powder, but they could not ask it outright.


 Actually, Fang Yuan was aware about their intentions, but during their conversation, he held the initiative of the topic and did not give them any chance to ask.


 Right now, even though Fang Yuan could go unscathed against rank eight Gu Immortals.


 There was a flaw, it could not be used openly.


 Be it ancient sword dragon transformation or reverse flow protection seal, they could not be easily used. Once he did, he would have to consider how to keep them a secret.


 If too many traces were leaked out, Fang Yuan’s identities and secrets might get deduced.


 By then, Wu Yi Hai’s identity would be exposed too.


 Fang Yuan had gone through so much to enter the super Gu formation and interact with the giant dream realm. If he lost this opportunity, it would be a terrible setback to his future cultivation.


 Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang had no choice, they could only bring Fang Yuan away from here.


 They really had no courage to ask him.


 He had saved their lives, but they still wanted their benefactor to fight against a strong foe. They really had no face to ask him to do that.


 The three immortals moved quickly without stopping.


 But along the way, they talked and conversed a lot.


 As a matter of fact, Immortal Hua Die had seen Fang Yuan twice and had a deep impression of him, but she was unclear about the background of this Chu Ying.


 Fang Yuan knew about her intention to probe him, thus he gave her half-truths about his origin.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had stayed in Eastern Sea for some time. Thus, his words were not lies. Especially some small details and experiences that he had, they were realistic, these experiences resonated deeply with Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang.


 How could Fang Yuan show a flaw here?


 By the time they met Miao Ming Shen, Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang already had very good feelings towards this ‘easygoing’ rank seven secluded cultivator, Chu Ying.


 But they did not know that Fang Yuan was the true demon. Compared to him, what was immortal zombie Ge Wen’s act of snatching some year cycle powder?


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had taken Reverse Flow River directly from Old Ancestor Xue Hu!



***
Chapter 1296 - Light Shine Fungi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea.


 In an ordinary sea area, there was a nameless mountain, it was desolate and barren, there were only rocks and caves in it.


 Several Gu Immortals descended from the sky.


 Among them were Fang Yuan, Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang.


 “To think that this trading convention would be held on such an empty island.” Fang Yuan stepped on the island as he sighed to himself.


 “Brother Chu, you might be unaware that large trading conventions like this usually have their locations decided several days before the meeting, to prevent others from having ill intentions.” A Gu Immortal beside Fang Yuan said.


 This male Gu Immortal was neither tall nor short, neither fat nor thin. In terms of appearance, he looked ordinary, only his flat and wide nose left a heavy impression on others.


 This person was a famous rank seven space path Gu Immortal expert in Eastern Sea — Miao Ming Shen.


 In terms of appearance, he was not outstanding, but after Fang Yuan interacted with him, even though it was a short time, he could feel that this person was impressive, his appearance was deceiving.


 Fang Yuan had saved Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang under the identity of Chu Ying, learning about the trading convention.


 Next, he followed Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang to meet Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen had no hesitation as he agreed to Fang Yuan’s request of joining the trading convention: “Friend, you have helped me twice, you are also the benefactor of Little Die and Little Feng. This is just a trading convention, how can I reject you? Please do grace us with your presence!”


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal expert, but Chu Ying was a secluded cultivator with no reputation. Yet Miao Ming Shen did not put on airs, he was very amiable. He spoke politely and warmly to others.


 Thus, Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen came to attend the trading convention.


 The four of them had just stepped onto the island when a Gu Immortal came out of a rock.


 “Miao Ming Shen, you are here.” A midget Gu Immortal with a big head and small body welcomed them.


 “Haha, Tu Tou Tuo, long time no see!” Miao Ming Shen said warmly, he laughed as he quickly went up to the person.


 “Come, let me introduce the two of you. This is a secluded cultivator of Eastern Sea, Chu Ying, this is a rare earth path grandmaster in Eastern Sea, Tu Tou Tuo.” Miao Ming Shen said.


 “Greetings to you.” Fang Yuan was polite but his expression was stiff, he pretended to be a secluded cultivator who was not good at interacting with people, it was flawless.


 Tu Tou Tuo looked at Fang Yuan with several glances, he smiled with his yellow teeth: “You received Miao Ming Shen’s recommendation and are here for the first time? Haha, in the past, I also joined in after Miao Ming Shen’s recommendation.”


 Tu Tou Tuo was also quite polite.


 He thought: “Miao Ming Shen has good foresight, the people he invites are all talented experts. This Chu Ying looks unassuming and has no reputation, but since he has Miao Ming Shen’s recommendation, he is not simple.”


 While thinking of that, Tu Tou Tuo said: “Follow me, I was the first to arrive, there is nothing much to do but wait now, we can create a space underground first.”


 “I will trouble Brother Tu. After all, this time, I am the host of the trading convention...” Miao Ming Shen said courteously.


 “Haha, it is just an underground cave, it is nothing much. Come!” Tu Tou Tuo looked at Miao Ming Shen like an old friend, he grabbed his arm and led him underground.


 Everywhere he went, the tough ground melted like flowing water, opening a wide path that extended underground.


 Tu Tou Tuo and Miao Ming Shen walked ahead while Fang Yuan, Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die walked behind them.


 Tu Tou Tuo and Miao Ming Shen talked along the way.


 Miao Ming Shen had incredible interpersonal skills, Tu Tou Tuo was laughing as he talked, his laughter was reverberating in the cave.


 Furthermore, Miao Ming Shen did not give the cold shoulder to Fang Yuan, he turned around to talk to Fang Yuan.


 His words seemed ordinary, but they felt natural and did not make Fang Yuan feel like he was alone, or that he was neglected.


 The underground cave was very ordinary, but it was wide enough.


 There was a platform, and several chairs in front of it, they were huge. There were carvings on the chairs, they were fluid patterns. This showed Tu Tou Tuo’s incredible skills, and the meticulous aspect that he had.


 Fang Yuan counted, there were six chairs.


 “It seems that this trading convention only had six people originally. Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang are not part of this, they will leave when the trading convention starts and guard the area.” Fang Yuan guessed.


 “There is a new member, I will add a chair.” Tu Tou Tuo stomped lightly as a mound appeared on the ground, it started to rotate like a ball.


 In the blink of an eye, a chair was carved out like it was made by an artisan.


 Fang Yuan and the rest sat down while waiting for the other immortals.


 Not long later, two Gu Immortals appeared.


 The former was a girl, she looked like a child with two ponytail braids, her eyes were round and watery, but there was deep maturity in them.


 She was Tong Hua.


 A rank seven light path Gu Immortal famous in the north of Eastern Sea.


 The latter was a male immortal. He had an aquiline nose, his gaze was dark and he wore a black robe, having messy hair.


 He was Wu Ma Yang, a dark path Gu Immortal, having exemplary battle strength among rank seven Gu Immortals. His immortal killer move, dark arrow veil, had once defeated three rank seven Gu Immortals working together, this battle caused his reputation to surge in Eastern Sea for some time.


 Tong Hua talked a lot, while Wu Ma Yang was uncommunicative.


 The two sides continued to mingle, and under Miao Ming Shen’s intentional guidance, the atmosphere became congenial.


 Fifteen minutes later, a third Gu Immortal entered this space.


 He was Gong Liang Bai, a wisdom path Gu Immortal who also cultivated wood path. Wisdom path was his main focus, but wisdom path Gu Immortals were few in numbers, especially those like Fang Yuan who possessed a complete wisdom path Gu Immortal true inheritance.


 However, not only did Gong Liang Bai have a complete wisdom path true inheritance, he even had some achievements in his cultivation, even though he could not match the top three wisdom path experts, among lone immortals, he had a huge network and was willing to deduce for people in exchange for payment.


 The saying goes: Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea.


 This saying refers to the publicly recognized three most powerful wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea currently.


 Song Jia Dan, Hua An, they were righteous path members, they rarely deduced for lone immortals. And Dragon Head Tortoise was always inside adversity sea, his traces were hard to find, it was hard for people to seek help from him.


 “Gong Liang Bai, after these trades, let’s have a good talk. I have some things for you to deduce.” While talking, Miao Ming Shen said.


 “Is it that Liu Guan Yi? I have received many requests from others, they are all after this person.” Gong Liang Bai said.


 “Of course not.” Miao Ming Shen denied.


 Gong Liang Bai nodded: “Then that is fine. Speaking of which, I have already made five deductions, I failed each time. There are simply too few clues, and that Liu Guan Yi has methods to defend against deductions.”


 Fang Yuan listened by the side, his expression did not change, though he felt a little awkward.


 This topic attracted everyone’s attention.


 Tu Tou Tuo shouted: “This Liu Guan Yi is so popular now, he is completely famous!”


 “Anyone who can render rank eight Gu Immortals unable to deal with them as a rank seven will go down in history.” Tong Hua sighed.


 “Resisting rank eight with rank seven cultivation level, this is truly a goal to set.” Miao Ming Shen smiled bitterly: “It is a pity that I’ve had no opportunity to befriend such a person.”


 Fang Yuan was sitting right beside him, hearing this, he said expressionlessly: “I heard that Liu Guan Yi could resist rank eights as a rank seven because he became the Reverse Flow River Lord. This Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, but how can it be so powerful as to leave rank eight existences without options?”


 Thus, the immortals’ topic of discussion turned from Liu Guan Yi to Reverse Flow River.


 Fang Yuan had subtly changed the conversation’s direction.


 The Gu Immortals talked until night time.


 When night appeared and the moon rose, the trading convention began.


 The other two Gu Immortals also had arrived.


 The trading convention officially began.


 According to the rules set earlier, Tong Hua stood on the platform.


 “This is a desolate plant, I found it when exploring a deep sea. That place was dark as an abyss, but I saw some light far away. When I found the source, I took several minutes to reach it. The place was like a paradise of light path. It was so dazzling with rays of light extending immeasurably far.”


 “Initially, I thought that it was light from the corals. But soon, I found some green fungus on the surface of the corals. This green fungus is a desolate plant seen all over that place, I named it light shine fungus, it contains light path dao marks and can emit strong light.”


 Tong Hua talked about her findings, and the process of her naming.


 Fang Yuan was surprised, to think that he found something he wanted when the trading convention had just started.


 Light shine fungi!



***
Chapter 1297 - Divination Tortoise Shell Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan needed light.


 He had first used aurora light, he had bought large numbers of dazzling light Gu to increase the aurora light in his immortal aperture. The more intense the aurora light, the more flowing light fruits could be formed. And rank eight attitude Gu fed on these fruits.


 Light shine fungus was a type of desolate plant that provided light which was not like the multicolored aurora light.


 But this was not absolute.


 Humans had the highest intelligence, they were most skilled in adapting flexibly. There were methods to modify and graft plants in this world.


 Wood path Gu Immortals excelled at this.


 Each path has its own specialties, and wood path Gu Immortals were often skilled at managing immortal apertures.


 Thus, if Fang Yuan brought in light shine fungi, he might be able to modify them in the future using wood path methods into aurora light shine fungi, it was possible.


 Other than attitude Gu, there was wisdom sword Immortal Gu.


 Wisdom sword Immortal Gu fed on multicolored overlord flowers.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to plant multicolored overlord flowers on a large scale, he needed to fulfill three conditions. Illumination, sweet scents and pearl soil.


 The latter two were easy to achieve, but illumination was hard.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had light path dao marks, and he had also annexed a light path blessed land, but it was far from Fang Yuan’s goal.


 If he used light shine fungi, he would be able to solve the problem of mass production of multicolored overlord flowers.


 But there was an uncertainty in this.


 Light shine fungi grew in the deep sea, could they still survive in other environments?


 “This should not be a problem, after all, light shine fungus is a desolate plant.”


 “Even ignoring aurora lights, earlier, I plundered Liu tribe’s jade light pit, I gained a lot of replenishment. Even though I am still not at the required standard, I am close.”


 “But multicolored overlord flowers are different, their scale is far from optimal. I have too few light path dao marks currently, and not all of my light path dao marks can gather at the multicolored overlord flowers. My other lifeforms need light too.”


 “Oh, that’s right, I have transformation path dao marks, in crucial moments, I can convert them to light path dao marks temporarily.”


 While Fang Yuan was thinking, Tong Hua spoke: “I am willing to trade these desolate plant light shine fungi for storey building water elephants, three of them.”


 Once she said that, a Gu Immortal responded: “Storey building water elephants... I have a few, how many storeys do you want from the water elephants?”


 Storey building water elephants were a special type of beast in Eastern Sea, they had varying sizes, with white tusks and blue skin. Water elephants with one storey buildings were like boats and had blue jade exoskeleton on their backs resembling buildings. Two storey building water elephants were larger, with two floors of blue jade exoskeleton on their backs.


 Similarly, six storey building water elephants had wide backs and were like huge boats, they were desolate beasts. Seven storey building water elephants were ancient desolate beasts, and eight storey building water elephants were immemorial desolate beasts, they were extremely rare. Nine storey building water elephants did not exist.


 Be it beasts or plants, or even variant humans, there were no rank nine versions of them. Among humans, there were only ten of them, rank nine Gu Venerables, they were unique among all lifeforms.


 Tong Hua showed the scale of her light shine fungi and told the Gu Immortals that she wanted a total of three six storey building water elephants.


 This was not expensive, it was very standard.


 But that Gu Immortal frowned: “I only have one six storey building water elephant, the light shine fungi can be split up, would you like to trade?”


 Tong Hua hesitated.


 He might not be speaking the truth.


 After considering it, Tong Hua nodded: “Then let’s trade.”


 Thus, the first deal was made, both sides transacted quickly.


 “I would like some light shine fungi, but I do not have storey building water elephants, do you accept immortal essence stones?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Tong Hua shook her head, but she did not reject him entirely: “If there are no storey building water elephants, never mind. But my light shine fungi will be sold in treasure yellow heaven, you can buy them then.”


 In fact, Eastern Sea had mostly water path Gu Immortals.


 And light shine fungi suited Eastern Sea Gu Immortals a lot. Like Wu Yi Hai for example, his immortal aperture was a sea.


 Tong Hua was only testing the waters with this new discovery, seeing if she could gain benefits from it.


 As for selling them for immortal essence stones, Tong Hua did not want that.


 Because she did not know the market price.


 This was a new finding, she was selling it for the first time, Tong Hua did not know its value.


 However, she was very expectant about it.


 Thus, she rejected Fang Yuan without hesitation. What if this light shine fungus was very popular in treasure yellow heaven, then wouldn’t her sale price be at a loss now?


 But if she sold it for too high of a price, the other party would not trade. Treasure yellow heaven was the best place for that.


 Tong Hua did not want to sell it, Fang Yuan was helpless.


 But he understood her.


 This was a new desolate plant, she could use some methods to raise the prices later.


 Even though this world’s economy was not developed, Gu Immortals were astute people, they knew how to jack up prices.


 Especially this light shine fungus, in the world, currently only Tong Hua had it.


 If it were Fang Yuan, he would also elevate the price at the initial stage to earn a huge profit.


 This light shine fungus was just a rank six desolate plant, once it was in the market for some time, people would research about it, and Tong Hua’s monopoly would be gone.


 After all, Eastern Sea was so big, light shine fungi would not grow in only one place.


 Gu Immortals could create a method to seek out light shine fungi after some research. That would cause the supply of light shine fungi to rise sharply.


 Seeing that no one else was interested, Tong Hua stepped down.


 Next, the second Gu Immortal went up onto the platform.


 This was the rule of the trading convention.


 In each round, the Gu Immortals would go up in order that was decided earlier. They could only put up one resource each round.


 This ensured relative fairness.


 As for Fang Yuan, a newly joined member, he could also transact and go on the platform, but he was the last person.


 “This is marrow sucking stone, rank seven immortal material, I want some thousand year floating wood.” The Gu Immortal who went up expressed himself quickly, explaining his item.


 Once he said that, he displayed it.


 This marrow sucking stone was black and looked like an ordinary rock by the beach. But in fact, as long as a life form that had bone marrow got close to it, they would be sucked inside.


 Thus, marrow sucking stone was known as a demon stone.


 Demon stone was a name coined by mermen.


 Mermen were a type of variant human, most mermen in the world lived in Eastern Sea.


 Mermen could live underwater and breathe, when they met marrow sucking stones, they had suffered from them, thus, they feared and called them demon stones.


 In Eastern Sea’s history, there were some merman tribes who treated these demon stones as deities to worship.


 But to Gu Immortals, this marrow sucking stone was just an immortal material.


 This transaction was successful as well.


 Thousand year floating wood might be rare in the market, but the Gu Immortals here were all affluent, otherwise, they would not have gathered for this trading convention.


 Birds of a feather flock together, Gu Immortals who associated with Miao Ming Shen were not simple.


 One could say, this small trading convention was a rare gathering of experts in Eastern Sea.


 After the second Gu Immortal, Tu Tou Tuo went up.


 “I have an ancient desolate beast queen toad. It can command all huge toads at rank six level and below. If raised well, it can nurture enslavement path Immortal Gu as well. Anyone interested?”


 The queen toad had a lot of enslavement path dao marks.


 But Tu Tou Tuo’s transaction failed.


 The fourth Gu Immortal: “I am looking for clues to qi sea. Anyone know how to find qi sea and how to get in? I am willing to pay a high price for relevant information.”


 It was also possible to trade information, but the Gu Immortals present stayed silent.


 This transaction also failed.


 Qi sea was a special and mysterious sea area in Eastern Sea.


 The Gu Immortals present might be unsure of it, or some might know but did not want to trade.


 The Gu Immortals went up one by one.


 The first round was about to end.


 Fang Yuan was the final one.


 And Miao Ming Shen was second last.


 He went up: “I have a rank seven divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu, anyone wants to trade?”


 Fang Yuan heard this and his eyes shined!



***
Chapter 1298 - Trading Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The trading convention was underway.


 As the host of this trading convention, Miao Ming Shen originally was to be the final person to get on the stage.


 But because Fang Yuan joined in, he became the last person.


 Miao Ming Shen was now the second last to trade.


 In this aspect, Fang Yuan could see Miao Ming Shen’s great interpersonal skills.


 Gu Immortals who got to trade first had the bigger advantage. Miao Ming Shen, as the final person, was expressing goodwill to everyone.


 But he could not place Fang Yuan before him.


 This was against the rules.


 Newcomers had to be last.


 If he went against this, everyone would be unhappy. After all, Miao Ming Shen was the host of this session, but what about the next?


 Interpersonal skills were nothing much, it was just one’s attitude when interacting with people.


 Miao Ming Shen had a good grasp of this, he made the people that he interacted with feel friendly towards him.


 However, Fang Yuan’s mind was not on Miao Ming Shen, his gaze was shining as he looked at the Immortal Gu that Miao Ming Shen was holding —


 Rank seven, divination tortoise shell Gu!


 Fang Yuan was greatly enticed.


 Why?


 Because Fang Yuan had many methods that he could not use. Like ancient sword dragon transformation or reverse flow protection seal, if they were used, Fang Yuan had to make sure there were no survivors. Otherwise, intelligence on him would leak and Gu Immortals would be able to find out more information about him, he would be forced into a corner.


 This was quite awkward, actually.


 As Fang Yuan got stronger, the problems he created were getting bigger.


 Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven... looking at his opponents and enemies, all of them were colossal forces.


 Recently, he even made enemies with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, the number one rank eight in Northern Plains!


 Thus, Fang Yuan was facing great pressure, he had not reached rank nine.


 Only after reaching rank nine would Fang Yuan be able to announce his identity openly, nobody would be able to stop him.


 Before reaching rank nine, even if Fang Yuan cultivated to rank eight, Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court could still find trouble with him.


 Currently, rank seven Fang Yuan had to act with a low profile, he had to disguise himself and cultivate rapidly to accumulate strength.


 “Becoming Wu Yi Hai has a weakness, or rather, I have a flaw...”


 Fang Yuan could not fight when he was Wu Yi Hai.


 Because he was not the real Wu Yi Hai!


 After soul searching Wu Yi Hai, Fang Yuan found that Wu Yi Hai had three transformation killer moves. One was a coral form, one was a seagull form, and the third was a tortoise.


 Earlier, during the battle in the regional wall, Wu Yi Hai had turned into a tortoise to defend himself.


 Fang Yuan remembered clearly that it was a horned divine tortoise. An ancient desolate beast with a tough shell, it was top ten in that regard among Eastern Sea’s ancient desolate beasts.


 Actually, this could be seen from Wu Yi Hai’s immortal aperture.


 Wu Yi Hai’s immortal aperture was a sea. There were three types of lifeforms inside, sea turtles and tortoises with the ancient desolate beast horned divine tortoise, corals with the ancient desolate plant silent coral, and seagulls with the desolate beast white letter blue feather seagull.


 As a transformation path Gu Immortal, he would often raise the species that he transformed into.


 Firstly, these lifeforms were resources that could help with his transformation path cultivation. Like the horned divine tortoise that Wu Yi Hai cultivated, if he needed any Immortal Gu in the future, he could kill these horned divine tortoises to refine it.


 Secondly, transformation path Gu Immortals had to have a clear understanding of these lifeforms that they transformed into to raise their battle strength. Raising them in the immortal aperture would allow them to observe the lifeforms and eventually have realistic transformations with greater battle strength.


 As for Fang Yuan, this was just a method.


 Fang Yuan’s transformation path attainment level was raised from dream realms and tribulations.


 Once his attainment level rose, it would influence all these cultivation aspects, including this.


 Thus, Fang Yuan saved a lot of trouble, he could skip a long time of observation and practice.


 “If I can have this Immortal Gu, it would be very useful to me.”


 Fang Yuan became more enticed as he thought about it.


 The divination tortoise was a wisdom path ancient desolate beast, it had one ability, to defend against deductions. Many Gu Immortals wanted to capture this ancient desolate beast, but using wisdom path methods to deduce its location was too difficult.


 If Fang Yuan became a divination tortoise, it would help him greatly when traveling.


 This, he concluded that this Immortal Gu was extremely useful.


 Or rather — it was too useful!


 For others, rank seven divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu might be useless. After all, it could only defend one’s back. But if one wanted its deduction prevention ability, it was instead not as effective as other methods.


 Thus, it had little use. Furthermore, why would a Gu Immortal face deductions all the time? Was everyone Liu Guan Yi?


 Fang Yuan, however, was different.


 He was extremely famous in the five regions now, even his fake identity was.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan could transform into a divination tortoise and use the transformation path dao marks, it was an immortal killer move. The ability to defend against deductions would be far stronger than using divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu alone.


 Fang Yuan looked around, what made him happy was that these people were not very interested in the Immortal Gu.


 Transactions of Immortal Gu were only done through exchange.


 This was because Immortal Gu were unique, their value could not be determined easily. The value of Immortal Gu completely depended on the person. The same Immortal Gu could be a burden to someone, after all, the price of feeding Immortal Gu was huge, but to others, they would pursue it relentlessly, they would treat it like a treasure if they got it.


 “Immortal Gu.”


 “To think that he is trading Immortal Gu in the first round.”


 The Gu Immortals sighed, they spoke softly, but they stayed on their seats, not moving.


 Miao Ming Shen smiled.


 He had anticipated this.


 They were few transformation path Gu Immortals, among those present, Chu Ying was the only one. And even Chu Ying might not be very interested in this Immortal Gu.


 Transformation path Gu Immortals usually cultivated two or three transformations, too many was pointless. Unless they had the essence of transformation path — change form Immortal Gu, it could allow them to turn into any form.


 But Miao Ming Shen had his intentions in doing this.


 He was the host of this trading convention. If news that an Immortal Gu trade had occurred in the first round got out, it would elevate the status of this trading convention, it would attract more Gu Immortals with greater wealth here.


 “I am willing to trade for this Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan stood up from his seat.


 At once, the Gu Immortals looked towards Fang Yuan with surprised expressions.


 Miao Ming Shen was slightly dazed, before reacting and smiling even wider now.


 “I wonder what you would like to trade for?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Miao Ming Shen chuckled: “Chu Ying, this is your first trading convention, and you are my benefactor. How about this... I do not have much use for this Immortal Gu, we can trade anything.”


 This time, Fang Yuan was dazed, he did not expect Miao Ming Shen to list such an easy condition.


 But even so, Immortal Gu transactions could only be done with Immortal Gu, other things were not usable.


 Fang Yuan thought about it: “I have flying bear strength Immortal Gu...”


 “Deal.” Before Fang Yuan finished his words, Miao Ming Shen agreed without hesitation.


 Fang Yuan could not help but look at Miao Ming Shen, realizing why this person was doing so well in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. He was a lone immortal, but he actually had several Gu Immortals that were so loyal to him!


 But some things had to be stated clearly.


 He smiled bitterly: “Friend, I am in admiration towards your intentions, but I have not finished my words, my flying bear strength Immortal Gu is only rank six.”


 Miao Ming Shen’s expression changed.


 The other immortals’ expressions also turned grim, they looked at Fang Yuan with dark gazes.


 Flying Bear Strength was a strength path Immortal Gu, while divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu was transformation path.


 Strength path was declining, but transformation path was still popular and strong. Between the two, flying bear strength Immortal Gu was already less valuable than divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu.


 And now, Flying Bear Strength was only rank six.


 How could a rank six Immortal Gu and rank seven Immortal Gu be traded?


 The value was completely different.



***
Chapter 1299 - Another Trade


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The difficulty of refining one rank six Immortal Gu was very different from refining a rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan wanted to use rank six flying bear strength Immortal Gu to exchange for rank seven divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu, if spoken nicely, he was dreaming, but to be blunt, he was simply too greedy, he was trying to take advantage.


 This ‘taking advantage’ also gave a feeling of disdain.


 Who did he think Miao Ming Shen was?


 Was he easy to bully?


 Or did he think the others were fools?


 Thus, the Gu Immortals having grim expressions was understandable.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 He saw these immortals’ attitude and expressions, he knew why these people had a change of emotion.


 But he still asked: “Will you exchange it?”


 Miao Ming Shen smiled forcefully, but he nodded: “Yes! You have helped me twice, these will suffice.”


 The other Gu Immortals heard this and looked at Miao Ming Shen in a different light, their disdain towards Fang Yuan increased.


 One of them even snorted coldly, expressing his unhappiness towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan suddenly laughed.


 He said: “Everyone has said how incredible Lord Miao Ming Shen is, I was disbelieving, but after today, I completely agree. How can I take advantage of you? I will compensate you with something else, you will definitely be pleased!”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan transmitted to Miao Ming Shen secretly.


 Miao Ming Shen heard this and his expression changed, he became excited: “Chu Ying, are you serious?”


 “Hahaha, let’s do the deal now, you will know if it’s true or false.” Fang Yuan laughed again.


 “Sorry, we need to do this transaction alone.” Miao Ming Shen said as Fang Yuan followed him to leave the cave.


 They went outside for the transaction, afterwards, the two returned with smiles on their faces.


 Fang Yuan was relaxed, while Miao Ming Shen was smiling in a pleased manner.


 The two were walking together closely, everyone could tell that their relationship had gotten closer.


 After sitting down, Miao Ming Shen cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: “I owe you a third favor.”


 “Your demeanor is truly magnificent. This is merely a transaction, there is no favor.” Fang Yuan was very polite.


 These words made the Gu Immortals very perplexed.


 At once, they started guessing: What did Chu Ying trade to make up for the difference, and make Miao Ming Shen so happy?


 Miao Ming Shen sat down but Fang Yuan did not.


 After this transaction, it was Fang Yuan’s turn, he went on the platform.


 The immortals looking at him had different gazes now, they were solemn and curious, with probing intentions.


 At the same time, they were curious about what Fang Yuan was going to offer.


 This was because they did not know Fang Yuan, he was a stranger.


 According to Fang Yuan’s offer, they would be able to guess some information about him. Like what immortal materials he had in abundance, they were often produced in their own blessed lands. This way, some intelligence could be deduced, like how developed Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was, and what types of dao marks he had inside.


 If it were one or two damaged ancient desolate beast corpses, they were often the Gu Immortal’s spoils of battle. If an ancient desolate beast reared in the immortal aperture died, the corpse would not be damaged. Such corpses would allow the immortals to assess Fang Yuan’s battle strength as well.


 Gu Immortals focused heavily on gathering intelligence.


 On this aspect, information path Gu Immortals had the greatest advantage.


 But what Fang Yuan took out shocked them.


 “Everyone, take a look, this is a bone path rank six Immortal Gu, Bone Spike. I obtained it by chance, but I am not a bone path Gu Immortal, I want to trade with it, does anyone want this? As for what I want in return, I am like Lord Miao Ming Shen, I have no specific preference.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 “An Immortal Gu again.”


 “This is the first round, there are actually two Immortal Gu transactions.”


 “This Chu Ying is quite rich, he is a transformation path Gu Immortal but he had two Immortal Gu of other paths.”


 “The first transaction is done, but this one might not succeed. There are no bone path Gu Immortals here.”


 The Gu Immortals talked to each other secretly, they were close with one another.


 “None?” Fang Yuan waited for a while, but no Gu Immortal spoke.


 He felt no disappointment.


 The rank seven Immortal Gu, Divination Tortoise Shell, was worth coming to this trading convention.


 Just when Fang Yuan was about to step down, a voice said: “Wait, I think... we can trade with this Immortal Gu.”


 The immortals turned to look, it was Wu Ma Yang.


 “Strange, he is a dark path Gu Immortal, why does he want a bone path Immortal Gu?” This question appeared in everyone’s minds.


 Bone spike Immortal Gu had no relation with dark path.


 But if Wu Ma Yang had any immortal killer moves that needed bone spike Immortal Gu, then it was possible for him to want this Immortal Gu.


 Everyone had their own secrets, even though the Gu Immortals were puzzled, they held in their questions and watched quietly.


 “There is a Gu Immortal who wants bone spike Immortal Gu?” Fang Yuan was also curious.


 He asked: “I wonder what you would like to trade with?”


 Wu Ma Yang frowned, he hesitated a little before gritting his teeth: “I will trade this Immortal Gu.”


 He displayed this Immortal Gu.


 It was a rank six Immortal Gu, on the same rank as bone spike Immortal Gu.


 The Gu Immortals looked as someone cried out: “This is day Immortal Gu.”


 That’s right, this was the rank six time path — day Gu!


 Fang Yuan was stunned.


 “I did not expect this, this trading convention was really worth it!” Fang Yuan rejoiced internally, but his expression was blank, he seemed to be in deep thought.


 There was no need to think!


 The moment Fang Yuan saw this Immortal Gu, he wanted it.


 The reason?


 Because he had Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he had rank seven year Gu, after Immortal Gu, and Years Flow Like Water, as well as a bunch of time path immortal killer moves.


 He remembered that in the true inheritance, Hei Fan had been talking about immortal level day Gu and month Gu non-stop.


 He remembered those four immortal killer moves, days pass like years and the rest.


 “If the inheritor can obtain immortal level day Gu or month Gu, these four immortal killer moves would not need to expend so many mortal day Gu and month Gu, the effect would even rise greatly.”


 These were the words recorded in Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan saw this and did not think much of them.


 He was not overly ambitious, year Gu was enough to satisfy him.


 But destiny was very mystical, when Fang Yuan had placed no attention on immortal level day Gu and month Gu, day Gu appeared right in front of him like this.


 “Let’s exchange it.”


 “Even though I am not familiar with time path, feeding bone spike Immortal Gu is certainly a burden.”


 Fang Yuan said.


 “My day Gu consumes the water of the River of Time, it has no feeding problems. However, I cannot use this Immortal Gu, I might as well trade it for bone spike Immortal Gu, to add into my immortal killer moves.” Wu Ma Yang said.


 The two traded quickly.


 The original wills inside the two Immortal Gu left as the other party’s immortal essence entered.


 The Gu Immortal’s will inside the immortal essence was the true key to refining Gu.


 In Earth’s terms, wills were like a preset program to Gu worms.


 Wills could think. Wild Gu worms had their own wills. Refining wild Immortal Gu was simply using the Gu Immortal’s will together with immortal essence to erase the wild will.


 Wild wills had the instinct to survive, they could not destroy themselves, thus, even though it was tough for Gu Immortals to refine Immortal Gu, it was not risky.


 Other people’s Immortal Gu were different.


 A Gu Immortal’s will was vastly different from wild will.


 Trying with brute force to refine someone else’s Immortal Gu would only destroy it. For example, Fang Yuan could recall his Immortal Gu with just a special will set inside them. Basically all Gu Immortals would not allow another person to refine their Immortal Gu directly.


 Once that was happening, the will inside the Immortal Gu would destroy the Gu worm.


 Unless wisdom path methods were used to suppress the Immortal Gu’s will. But usually, it would be hard to suppress all of it in an instant. With a small flaw, the Immortal Gu would be destroyed.


 Precisely because of this, even though Fang Yuan captured Hei Cheng, he did not obtain dark arrow Immortal Gu.


 And because of this, even though Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan’s alliance agreement was gone, he could not directly refine attitude Gu, it was a problem.



***
Chapter 1300 - Refining Attitude Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This particular trading convention is very different.”


 “That’s right, it is truly not normal. In our usual trading conventions, even though there are Immortal Gu trades, they will not appear in the first round.”


 It was traditionally hard to trade Immortal Gu, most of the members in the trading convention had limited chances. Thus, they would usually put up the items which were unlikely to be traded to the end.


 Thus, even if they wanted to trade away their Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortals would choose to do it in the last few rounds.


 This was normal in trading conventions.


 But this time, it was different.


 Not only was there an Immortal Gu trade in the first round, it happened twice. And more importantly, both times succeeded!


 And in these two transactions, Fang Yuan played a pivotal role.


 Even though this was the first time he came to a trading convention, the Gu Immortals present did not dare to underestimate this newcomer, Chu Ying, anymore.


 “We will start the second round now, Fairy Tong Hua, please.” Miao Ming Shen said.


 He was very happy.


 The trading convention had just started and Immortal Gu were already traded, this result would help him a lot when he traveled over Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Tong Hua went onto the platform, she wanted to trade another type of desolate beast.


 “It seems that she is trying to develop her blessed land.” Fang Yuan, who was sitting beside Miao Ming Shen, spoke to him.


 Miao Ming Shen smiled: “Brother Chu, you might not know, but Fairy Tong Hua had just passed a tribulation recently.”


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan understood.


 After a Gu Immortal passed a tribulation, their immortal aperture’s resources would be greatly damaged, but they would gain a lot of dao marks too. These new dao marks would modify the immortal aperture’s environment, causing it to be more accommodating to different types of resources.


 Thus, Fairy Tong Hua tried to trade for all sorts of resources in this convention, planning to develop them in her immortal aperture.


 “This Immortal Tong Hua is very affluent. Not only is her immortal aperture managed well, she also has a personal sea area, called rainbow aurora sea. Whenever it is dawn or dusk, aurora light shines above the sea area, weaving with the sky, it is extremely beautiful. This sea area is not far away. After the trading convention ends, Fairy Tong Hua will invite everyone to her sea area for a gathering. By then, Brother Chu can go with us.” Miao Ming Shen said, giving Fang Yuan some information about Tong Hua.


 Fang Yuan gained more understanding of her.


 “Then I will thank you for a recommendation. To speak the truth, I am interested in her light shine fungus.” Fang Yuan said directly.


 “No problem, I can help you with that.” Miao Ming Shen was someone who knew the best way to interact with someone, he gladly took on this task.


 After the trading of Immortal Gu, his relationship with Fang Yuan improved greatly.


 Fang Yuan knew why Miao Ming Shen’s attitude had changed.


 The reason was none other than — lifespan Gu!


 What could interest Miao Ming Shen was undoubtedly lifespan Gu. Fang Yuan used a rank six Immortal Gu to trade for a rank seven Immortal Gu, and he even used a declining strength path Gu.


 But Miao Ming Shen was very satisfied with the transaction. This was because Fang Yuan used a hundred years of lifespan Gu to make up for the difference.


 Lifespan Gu was only a mortal Gu, but it was really rare.


 Many Gu Immortals would keep them in their hands and refuse to trade them. They would keep these lifespan Gu for the time when they really needed it.


 Miao Ming Shen’s lifespan was not near its end, but he did not have a lot left.


 Thus, he was looking for the tributary of the River of Time, he wanted to find some methods to extend lifespan.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Miao Ming Shen had entered the blue dragon whale many times to look for the lifespan Gu inside.


 Fang Yuan offered him lifespan Gu, why would Miao Ming Shen not be happy with it?


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan took out a hunded years of lifespan Gu, what did that mean?


 Miao Ming Shen was not dumb, he thought: This meant that Chu Ying had more lifespan Gu. Otherwise, why would he use them so ‘unsparingly’?


 Thus, Miao Ming Shen wanted to improve his relationship with Fang Yuan.


 But he did not know that this was Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Fang Yuan’s motives were deeper.


 The blue dragon whale!


 According to his previous life’s information, Fang Yuan had a greater understanding of this opportunity than Miao Ming Shen currently.


 The transactions continued.


 During the second round, Gu Immortals went up one by one, and most of their transactions succeeded.


 Soon, it was Fang Yuan’s turn.


 Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart.


 Fang Yuan was about to trade this rank six Immortal Gu away when his expression suddenly changed.


 “Sorry, something happened, everyone, I need to leave early.” Fang Yuan said.


 The Gu Immortals were shocked.


 This trading convention was a rare chance, to think that Fang Yuan was giving up now.


 But the trading convention was not a restricted event, it was fine if Fang Yuan wanted to leave, they could not stop him.


 “What happened? Do you need my help?” Miao Ming Shen sent Fang Yuan off.


 “It is not a big matter, but it is urgent. This is such a waste, I am missing out on the trading convention!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Miao Ming Shen quickly said: “Don’t worry, when such a trading convention happens again, I will inform you.”


 “I will thank you in advance, goodbye.”


 “See you again.”


 Fang Yuan flew off into the clouds, vanishing from sight.


 Miao Ming Shen sighed, looking at Fang Yuan vanish, he turned around and went back into the cave.


 While flying in the clouds, Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly.


 He had left earlier because a wisdom path great expert had suddenly tried to deduce his whereabouts.


 The power from Dark Limit was almost used up, with this huge expenditure now, Fang Yuan was forced to leave the trading convention prematurely.


 “Damn it, which Gu Immortal is deducing me? I wonder if they are deducing Fang Yuan or Liu Guan Yi?”


 Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 If he had some more time, he might have traded woman’s heart Immortal Gu away.


 Such opportunities were incredibly rare.


 After one convention, many Gu Immortals would lay low for many years before wanting to trade again.


 After he got to a safe distance, Fang Yuan used the new divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu, as well as change form Immortal Gu.


 Immortal killer move — Divination Tortoise Transformation!


 Transformation path killer moves were so simple and straightforward.


 Because he lacked the help of mortal Gu, this killer move’s effect was not outstanding. But because of change form Immortal Gu, this panacea, although the transformation had none of the battle strength from the divination tortoise, Fang Yuan could use it.


 This divination tortoise transformation was to give Fang Yuan more time.


 A while later, he found a safe environment and placed his immortal aperture.


 For several days, he stayed inside the immortal aperture.


 He started to think about how he could refine attitude Gu.


 Even though he had two new Immortal Gu, they were not useful for refining attitude Gu.


 Fang Yuan was helpless about this.


 Maybe the third Gu for Woman’s Heart could have been a suitable Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan missed this opportunity.


 He needed to stay inside the immortal aperture for some time so that Dark Limit could be used again.


 By then, the trading convention would be over.


 “This means I can only borrow Immortal Gu from Lang Ya blessed land.” Fang Yuan had a backup plan.


 But this was a secondary method.


 The best situation was for Fang Yuan to settle it himself.


 Borrowing Immortal Gu was not a feasible plan.


 If Fang Yuan used his own Immortal Gu to deduce an immortal killer move to refine attitude Gu, it would help him greatly, he could even fuse this immortal killer move into reverse flow protection seal.


 Think about it, by then, Reverse Flow River would flow around Fang Yuan’s body, and any Immortal Gu that flew inside would be refined by Fang Yuan. How tempting was that?


 Fang Yuan had a long term goal regarding this.


 But it was a pity, even though he joined the trading convention, he did not gain any progress in this aspect.


 But thankfully, Lang Ya blessed land had no lack of refinement path Immortal Gu.


 Through treasure yellow heaven, and after expending Lang Ya Sect contribution points, Fang Yuan borrowed some Immortal Gu.


 A commotion occurred in treasure yellow heaven again, but Fang Yuan had no choice but to do this.


 Using these refinement path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan came up with an immortal killer move using Reverse Flow River to refine attitude Gu.


 Fang Yuan purposely slowed his movement, half a month later, he successfully refined attitude Gu.


 And now, he finally owned this legendary rank eight Immortal Gu..



***
Chapter 1301 - Approach of the Great Era


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hidden Dragon Cave.


 “Greetings to superior immortal from Heavenly Court.” Two Gu Immortals knelt on the ground.


 One old and one young.


 A grandfather and a grandson.


 They were Gu Immortals from Wind Cloud Manor.


 The young Gu Immortal was Feng Chan Zi, while the elderly man was Old Man Bei Feng, with rank eight cultivation level. Among the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, he was famous, and without any mishaps, he would have become a member of Heavenly Court already.


 It was not easy or normal to become a member of Heavenly Court.


 Rank eight cultivation level was not enough, they had to be elites among rank eights. This standard had never been lowered since Heavenly Court was created. Heavenly Court did not waver in this aspect, too few was better than too many!


 And this Old Man Bei Feng was now kneeling on the ground, expressing his reverence.


 The person he was kneeling to was an extremely weak old man, he was shaking as if a gust of wind could blow him away.


 But this old man was not ordinary, he had a huge origin, he left a deep mark in Heavenly Court’s history.


 He was — Duke Long!


 “Get up, bring me inside.” Duke Long said plainly.


 “Yes.” Old Man Bei Feng acknowledged.


 A moment later, Duke Long came to the deepest part of Hidden Dragon Cave.


 This was a deep earth trench, it was larger than the Earth Trench that Northern Plains’ Zombie Alliance had.


 It was possible to stuff thousands of cities into it easily.


 Duke Long and Old Man Bei Feng were tiny like dust specks compared to it.


 From their view, the entire Earth Trench was covered in darkness, this darkness was so deep that one could not see through it.


 Rumble...!!


 Suddenly, the entire Earth Trench started shaking intensely.


 The two sides of the Earth Trench started to have falling rocks.


 The earthquake caused incredible sound waves that would make people shell-shocked.


 Old Man Bei Feng’s expression changed, he quickly used the Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture. Suddenly, bright lights shone as countless auroras and flowing water weaved together dazzlingly.


 There was actually a huge super Gu formation here!


 In contrast to this Gu formation, the one that surrounded Southern Border’s dream realm was just a kitten compared to an elephant.


 Old Man Bei Feng controlled the Gu formation, his expression quickly changed as his forehead was covered in sweat.


 “The commotion is so huge!” As a great rank eight Gu Immortal, he was actually feeling difficulty now.


 This super Gu formation was suppressing a terrifying lifeform, Old Man Bei Feng could only barely deal with it using the super Gu formation.


 “Hehehe, it seems that after so many years, you are still so lively. Di Zang Sheng.” At this time, Duke Long spoke plainly.


 “Roar!!!” At the next moment, an overwhelming dragon roar filled the entire Earth Trench.


 The super Gu formation’s aurora lights were dispersing, flowing water was disrupted.


 Old Man Bei Feng’s forehead was dripping with sweat, he thought: “This is after the super Gu formation’s isolation, the volume is still so loud. If I have to face this Evil Dragon directly, I am afraid...”


 Duke Long was unmoved, he assessed: “It seems your temper has not changed, you are still so feisty.”


 “Accursed old man!!” This time, a voice came from inside the Gu formation.


 The voice was just as loud.


 At the next moment, a huge dragon head appeared from within the aurora light and flowing water.


 It was Evil Dragon — Di Zang Sheng!


 This immemorial desolate beast had a huge origin, it was a legendary immemorial desolate beast created from endless hatred, anger, and grudges, all these negatives emotions in Central Continent’s earth veins.


 It was born of nature, because it was created from the collective negative emotions of humans, after it was born, it had intelligence that matched humans.


 Initially, it could only roar and growl, but after learning, it could use hope Gu to awaken its aperture, it learned human language, and for some time, it turned into a human and tried to master Gu Immortal methods.


 For some time, it wreaked havoc in Central Continent, it caused great distress and chaos in the world.


 But eventually, it was suppressed by Duke Long.


 It was suppressed for countless years.


 But Heavenly Court could not kill it.


 Because it was formed from the negative emotions of humans. As long as humanity still flourished, the Evil Dragon would continue to grow stronger every day. Even if its body was destroyed or completely decimated.


 Soon, it would form from new earth veins, and continue to cause chaos in the world.


 That was why Heavenly Court used a super Gu formation to suppress this Evil Dragon.


 The people guarding the place were rotated from time to time. This time, Feng Chan Zi sold immortal materials for his own profits, he was punished to guard Hidden Dragon Cave. And his grandpa knew that he could not do this alone, so he gave up the chance to join Heavenly Court and came to look after this Evil Dragon.


 After the Evil Dragon saw Duke Long, it became incredibly furious.


 The meeting of enemies with filled with animosity.


 “Why are you roaring and growling, you cannot escape from this prison.” Duke Long said plainly.


 Di Zang Sheng heard this and no longer raged, it laughed: “Hahaha, I almost forgot. Accursed old man, you are going to die soon. Your lifespan is reaching its limit, you only have one last chance of extending your life. Even lifespan Gu cannot save you. Haha, this is hilarious, so what if you suppressed me? I am alive, while you are dying.”


 Duke Long nodded: “You are right. Sometimes, I envy you, you have a long lifespan from birth, you innately have longevity. This might be the last time we meet, let me borrow ten years of life from you.”


 Saying this, Duke Long sucked in a breath.


 Old Man Bei Feng was shocked to find out that as the guardian, he instantly lost control of this Gu formation.


 Di Zang Sheng was suppressed by Duke Long, this super Gu formation was created by Duke Long personally.


 Duke Long was the true owner of this super Gu formation!


 “Roar!” Di Zang Sheng let out a painful cry.


 Duke Long was still sucking.


 Old Man Bei Feng could not tell what Duke Long was actually sucking.


 It seemed to be a sort of life essence that could not be seen with the naked eye, it was forcefully extracted from Di Zang Sheng’s body, sucked into Duke Long’s own body.


 “It seems that this super Gu formation is not purely for suppressing Di Zang Sheng, it has this kind of effect.” Old Man Bei Feng had an epiphany.


 During the process of sucking, Duke Long’s body inflated like a balloon from its twig-like appearance. His pale yellow ragged face faded to a normal color. His pale white hair also turned dark.


 He was hunchbacked earlier and had fragile bones that emitted cracking sounds, but it had straightened now.


 Most evidently, the pair of horns on his head were originally shriveled like two lumps of meat, but now, they shined with a metallic luster, piercing towards the sky.


 Bam.


 His peak rank eight aura burst out like an invisible wall, pushing outwards.


 Old Man Bei Feng took a step back uncontrollably, looking at Duke Long’s majestic background, he had a sense of admiration in his heart.


 In contrast to Duke Long was Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng.


 It said in a hoarse voice: “Damned old man, that is merely ten years of lifespan. It’s like I’m giving a pool of piss to you. Hahaha...”


 It was still laughing, but it was very weak now.


 Duke Long clenched his fists, saying nonchalantly: “Evil Dragon, you do not understand, how can I, Duke Long, fear death? I woke up this time to make up for my previous mistake. Ten years is more than enough.”


 “Enough for? What are you trying to do?” Evil Dragon asked.


 “What else? The great era is coming.” Duke Long said with deep meaning.


 “Great era? Great era! Don’t tell me, the earth veins will merge, the regional walls will vanish, and the five regions will become one... wait, accursed old man, don’t go, tell me everything!” Di Zang Sheng shouted.


 But Duke Long sneered, why would he care about a captive? He turned around and left Hidden Dragon Cave without any hesitation.


 Southern Border.


 A nameless place.


 River water was surging.


 This was a tributary of the River of Time!


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest had been waiting by the riverside for a long time.


 A figure emerged from the tributary of the River of Time.


 “Quick! Let’s quickly give lord a helping hand!” Ying Wu Xie saw this and shouted.


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing worked together beside him, activating the Gu formation.


 Under the effect of the Gu formation, Purple Mountain True Monarch escaped from the tributary of the River of Time, he was like a drowning person, he barely managed to crawl ashore, he breathed roughly and was soaked to the bones.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch actually managed to return safely after entering the River of Time!” Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, but she was shocked on the inside.


 “Lord, did you succeed?” Seeing Purple Mountain True Monarch regain his composure, Ying Wu Xie asked this.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “I went into the red lotus and interacted with that will, my gains were phenomenal!”


 “Is that so?” Ying Wu Xie was overjoyed.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch had a solemn expression: “I used Red Lotus’ true inheritance to observe the past and future. Before Fang Yuan was reborn, our Shadow Sect had succeeded, we delayed the great era by five hundred years, we exterminated the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable before she matured, we even had Heavenly Court completely under our control! It is a pity that Fang Yuan changed everything. Shadow Sect cannot stop it anymore, the great era is coming!”


 Ying Wu Xie had an extremely shocked expression.


 Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan looked at each other, feeling puzzled.


 The former asked coldly: “What is the great era?”


 Ying Wu Xie breathed in deeply and answered: “The earth veins will merge, the regional walls will vanish, the five regions will become one, and Great Dream becomes venerable. This is the great era!”


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing were stunned.


 At the same time.


 Fang Yuan went back to Southern Border using Wu Yi Hai’s appearance, he was back in Wu clan.


 “I am finally back.”


 “This time, I must absorb the dream realm and go all-out in raising my attainment levels.”


 “There is enough time.”


 “After five hundred years, during the five regions chaotic war, I might become a great grandmaster of every path already. I am looking forward to it.”



***
Chapter 1302 - Divination Tortoise Transformation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Wu clan.


 Fang Yuan entered Southern Border, using ‘Wu Yi Hai”s appearance, he went all the way back to Wu clan’s headquarters.


 Knowing that he was back, Wu clan’s current first supreme elder, Wu Yong, summoned him.


 “Brother, these are the Immortal Gu that I borrowed from the clan, I am returning them now.” Fang Yuan returned the Immortal Gu in his hands.


 Wu Yong received them and smiled as he sat in the main seat: “Was your journey to Eastern Sea fruitful?”


 Every Gu Immortal had their own secrets, especially someone with a special status like Wu Yi Hai, Wu Yong could not probe excessively. His question was really just small talk.


 “I had great gains.” Fang Yuan showed some joy on his face, it was very realistic.


 “That is good.” Wu Yong nodded.


 He would not be able to imagine how great Fang Yuan’s gains were.


 After leaving Southern Border, Fang Yuan chased after Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, even though he did not succeed in killing them, his gains were huge.


 Not only did Fang Yuan obtain perseverance Immortal Gu and become the Reverse Flow River Lord, his battle strength surged and he could go unscathed against rank eight Gu Immortals. Liu Guan Yi’s reputation was renowned in the entire world!


 Furthermore, while returning, he participated in an Eastern Sea trading convention. He obtained divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu and rank six day Gu.


 “Thank you for the concern, brother. I wonder when can I return to the Gu formation to cultivate? Please arrange it for me.” Fang Yuan said with a polite and humble tone.


 Wu Yong was very satisfied with Fang Yuan’s performance.


 These last days, he had control of Wu clan, because Fang Yuan backed down, there were few obstacles in Wu clan, he successfully took over the clan and obtained the highest authority.


 Right now, Wu Yong was already different from when he first took over. He was more composed and grand, he gave off an indomitable aura, he had great authority.


 He was very happy about Fang Yuan’s attitude.


 Clans were different from sects, bloodline was very important.


 Wu Yi Hai’s status in Wu clan made him very special among Wu clan’s Gu Immortals. In terms of bloodline, he was solely inferior to Wu Yong, and was above everyone else.


 Wu Yi Hai wanted to cultivate in seclusion, Wu Yong was sure to satisfy it.


 Thus, he agreed: “Return to your residence and rest first. I will arrange this, in a few days, it will be ready.”


 “Thank you, brother, I will take my leave.” Fang Yuan left after seeing that his objective was achieved.


 He had a home in Wu clan.


 When he first joined Wu clan, he was assigned by Wu clan to live on this Bear Mountain.


 “Wu Yong is starting to be in control of Wu clan.”


 “Wu Yi Hai’s identity is very sensitive, if he worked with an ambitious clan like Qiao clan, to create lots of problems, Wu Yong would have a huge headache.”


 “Thus, to play safe, Wu Yong would not let Wu Yi Hai roam around and make contributions for the clan, and increase his reputation.”


 Other Wu clan Gu Immortals were fine, but Wu Yi Hai was not.


 Or rather, not for now.


 Wu Du Xiu had just died, Wu Yong was in control of Wu clan but it was not a stable position.


 Fang Yuan was very aware of Wu clan’s situation.


 He was not worried that he would be unable to return to the super Gu formation.


 While staying on the mountain, he cultivated.


 But his immortal aperture could not be placed down.


 Not to mention opening the immortal aperture’s entrance and taking in heaven and earth qi.


 “My sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation is too deep, each time it absorbs heaven and earth qi, the commotion is huge, winds would surge and clouds would move.”


 “But Reverse Flow River really consumes a lot of heaven and earth qi. It seems that I will need to go to Yi Tian Mountain later to take in heaven and earth qi, only by replenishing it will I sustain the sovereign immortal aperture and prevent my foundation from falling.”


 This was a form of burden.


 But it was a good one.


 Even though Wu Yong asked him to rest, Fang Yuan did not rest.


 He continued to cultivate, he was fighting against time.


 During this period, many Gu Immortals from the clan came to visit Wu Yi Hai, who had a special status, but Fang Yuan rejected them all.


 This attitude made Wu Yong very pleased. He felt that Wu Yi Hai was not trying to interfere in the clan affairs. Thus, he gave Fang Yuan a lot of immortal materials under his own name. Not only was he trying to reward and appeal to him, he was also trying to gain reputation for ‘being a caring brother’.


 At the peak of the mountain, Fang Yuan, who was inside his huge house, had turned into a tortoise.


 This tortoise was as large as a house, it was black and had a thick and tough shell, there were countless markings on its shell, it was difficult to observe but it had a certain order.


 It was a divination tortoise.


 This ancient desolate beast was associated with wisdom path, after transforming, Fang Yuan’s transformation path dao marks turned into wisdom path.


 With his wisdom path dao mark accumulation, there was a huge quantitative change.


 With this foundation, Fang Yuan could use wisdom path deduction methods with greater efficiency. It was at least several times or even more than ten times that of before!


 Simply divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu, in terms of the Gu worm itself, it could not compare to attitude Gu or wisdom sword Immortal Gu, even Flying Sword, Sword Escape, and Dragon Breath were better than it.


 But regarding Fang Yuan, it was extremely useful!


 Suddenly, a brilliant light shined in the divination tortoise’s eyes.


 “After ten or so days of hard work, I finally succeeded in deducing the killer move, divination tortoise transformation.”


 At Fang Yuan’s will, he turned back to human.


 Next, he tried to use the newly completed divination tortoise transformation killer move.


 Once, twice, thrice...


 After more than ten times, he finally finished making his adjustments.


 A new divination tortoise transformation!


 He added in a lot of transformation path mortal Gu, like tortoise head Gu, tortoise tail Gu, tortoise leg Gu, and others. There were also some wisdom path Gu worms, to increase the divination tortoise’s ability to block deductions, until Fang Yuan reached his limits. There were also many defensive Gu worms.


 Of course, there were only two cores.


 One was rank seven divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu, the other was change form Immortal Gu.


 The brand new divination tortoise was larger than before, it was lifelike like an actual ancient desolate beast divination tortoise.


 Especially the tortoise shell, countless dao marks were weaved together in a criss-crossing fashion, there were an enormous number of them.


 “Very good, I have reached my current limit.” Fang Yuan experimented and felt very pleased.


 This was all thanks to his wisdom path and transformation path grandmaster attainment levels.


 Deducing these killer moves was as simple as drinking water.


 Similar to the ancient sword dragon transformation, which combined transformation path and sword path. This divination tortoise transformation was the combination of transformation path and wisdom path.


 And now, Fang Yuan had a new fighting method. It was not an incomplete version like before, this could be fully used in battle.


 And most crucially, the killer moves ancient sword dragon transformation, reverse flow protection seal, and myriad self could not be used in battle, but this divination tortoise transformation covered the flaw, it solved Fang Yuan’s current problem.


 Fang Yuan stopped the transformation and rested to regain his mental energy.


 He closed his eyes and his mind entered sovereign immortal aperture.


 Landscape as Before!


 The rank six Immortal Gu was used, targeting Reverse Flow River in the immortal aperture.


 Red date immortal essence was expended rapidly, while Reverse Flow River started to produce river water under the power of Landscape as Before.


 “The efficiency is too low.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This was not his first experiment, he was quite disappointed.


 Landscape as before Immortal Gu, even though it was effective on Reverse Flow River, the effect was mild.


 This formed a clear contrast to Luo Po Valley and Dang Hun Mountain.


 “Why is it that using Landscape as Before on Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley had such incredible effects, but on Reverse Flow River, it barely works?”


 Fang Yuan was puzzled.


 Was Reverse Flow River more special than the other two secluded domains of heaven and earth?


 What other reasons were there?


 If he could repair Reverse Flow River immediately, that would be great. He would have an unceasing supply of Reverse Flow River’s water.


 But reality was less than perfect for Fang Yuan.


 “Wait! Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were once in the possession of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. And Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the creator of sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Maybe... these two secluded domains of heaven and earth were modified by Shadow Sect, just like how Hei Lou Lan and the others could use Immortal Gu of other paths without being restricted by dao marks.”


 Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration.


 His guess was right.


 Not only did Shadow Sect have a method to allow Gu Immortals to cultivate other paths without facing conflicting dao marks, they could also modify secluded domains of heaven and earth, to allow Immortal Gu of certain paths to be very effective on the secluded domains of heaven and earth and not face conflicts from dao marks.


 And time path Immortal Gu were fully effective on Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, they would not be resisted by the vast number of soul path dao marks in them.


 This was because Landscape as Before and Man as Before belonged to Shadow Sect. They were passed to Tai Bai Yun Sheng through Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 As for Reverse Flow River, Shadow Sect did not have it, they had no interest in this river either.


 Thus, Reverse Flow River was not modified, when Fang Yuan used Landscape as Before on Reverse Flow River, it was weakened by its vast number of dao marks, and had little effect. And this was already because Fang Yuan was the Reverse Flow River Lord, otherwise, Landscape as Before’s effect would be reflected upon him.


 “Reverse Flow River lost a lot of water, the rank eight existences depleted a good amount. But thankfully, it is recovering, even though the speed is very slow.”


 “Can I use reverse flow protection seal to resist immemorial year beasts?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Using Reverse Flow River, he could at most defend himself. If an immemorial year beast tried to destroy the immortal aperture, he could do nothing against it.


 He thought about this because Fang Yuan was concerned about the sealed rank eight Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water.


 Even though his battle strength surged greatly, Fang Yuan was still unable to unseal Years Flow Like Water currently.


 Like this, Fang Yuan cultivated silently, waiting for Wu Yong’s arrangement for returning to the giant dream realm.


 But a few days later, a minor mishap occurred.



***
Chapter 1303 - Divination Tortoise’s Power


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Wu clan.


 In the hall, Fang Yuan, Wu Yong, and another Gu Immortal were present.


 He had a tall body, he wore a black and white coat, he had a long beard that extended downwards to his chest. His eyes were slim and long, a mysterious light was hidden in them, his body was covered in mist.


 Wu clan Gu Immortal, Wu Yu Bo, a prideful person with peak rank seven battle strength, it was only slightly lower than Old Treeman Ba De.


 “Gu Immortal Yan Huang challenged Yu Bo, the reality is that Xia clan is after Moon Bowl. This place produces moon path Gu worms, it is one of the most important resource points of our clan, we cannot lose.” Wu Yong said.


 “Since I am going, there is no need to worry. If I can defeat Yan Huang twice, I can win a third time.” Wu Yu Bo said coldly.


 Moon Bowl was not a bowl, it was a valley.


 But this valley had a peculiar shape, resembling a bowl, and because it produced moon path Gu worms, people called it Moon Bowl.


 Moon Bowl had a village in it.


 But when Wu clan expanded, in order to take over Moon Bowl, they eradicated this village. There was a Gu Immortal in this village, he was known as Immortal Yan Huang.


 Wu clan sent out Wu Yu Bo and defeated him. Immortal Yan Huang could not defeat them and had to escape in tears, abandoning his home.


 Wu clan was a righteous path clan, they needed a proper reason to take over Moon Bowl, they could not kill Immortal Yan Huang directly.


 This was the rules of the righteous path.


 Immortal Yan Huang left with hatred, to take revenge, he hid his identity and practised his killer moves, but he still lost to Wu Yu Bo a second time.


 After Wu clan learned of his whereabouts, they knew that this enmity was unresolvable, they gathered Gu Immortals to assassinate Immortal Yan Huang.


 But at the crucial moment, Immortal Yan Huang was saved by an unknown force.


 Wu clan wanted to pursue it, but at that time, Wu Du Xiu died, Wu clan was in chaos and Wu Yong had just taken over, he needed to suppress the situation. This gave Immortal Yan Huang some time to recover.


 Until now, a few days ago, Immortal Yan Huang sent a challenge to Wu Yu Bo with Moon Bowl as the stake. Whoever wins would obtain Moon Bowl.


 Wu clan was the number one super force in Southern Border, how could they not accept it?


 But Wu Yong’s worry was that Immortal Yan Huang was here after joining Xia clan, a super force, he was no longer all alone.


 This meant that the mysterious force which helped Immortal Yan Huang earlier was undoubtedly Xia clan.


 On the surface, this was Immortal Yan Huang challenging Wu Yu Bo. But the truth was, this matter was significant, it was the contest of two super forces.


 This challenge had been spread widely, the attention of many Southern Border forces and Gu Immortal experts were drawn to it.


 After Wu Du Xiu died, even though Wu clan was still the number one force, its reputation had fallen. Xia clan was the first challenger of Wu clan’s dominance. If Wu clan lost this, the other clans would smell weakness and everyone would be tempted to target Wu clan, there would be huge problems.


 This was Wu Yong’s worry.


 Immortal Yan Huang’s open challenge was now the first hurdle of Wu Yong’s rule.


 “Yu Bo, don’t be careless, you know how important this is for our clan.” Wu Yong sighed: “That Yan Huang joined Xia clan, he is given aid by them, they must have ill intentions and be amply prepared this time if they are challenging you.”


 “First supreme elder, you only need to wait for good news.” Wu Yu Bo had a nonchalant expression, he glanced at Fang Yuan and said: “In my opinion, we don’t need to bring so many people. This Yan Huang is just a loser, I can easily capture him.”


 “We should play safe, my brother is skilled in three transformations, he is a rank seven expert, with him guarding you, I can rest assured.” Wu Yong said.


 Wu clan had a huge territory, even though there were many Wu clan Gu Immortals, they were split up in many places, they lacked manpower.


 Originally, Wu Yong was planning to send Fang Yuan to the super Gu formation.


 But now that this happened, Wu Yong had to send Fang Yuan to guard Wu Yu Bo. After all, Immortal Yan Huang was not alone, he was accompanied by Xia clan Gu Immortal Xia Qing Cang.


 Fang Yuan had joined Wu clan, although he could reject this, there was no harm in going, Fang Yuan agreed.


 This was a good task, he only needed to stay on guard, after it was over, the clan would reward him for the help.


 Wu Yu Bo did not care, but Wu Yong insisted on it, he could not reject it.


 This matter was decided, a few days later, Wu Yu Bo went to the designated location with Fang Yuan.


 Over there, Xia Qing Cang and Immortal Yan Huang were waiting already.


 Immortal Yan Huang looked like a middle aged Gu Immortal, he had a mature expression and ordinary appearance, after seeing Wu Yu Bo, his expression changed, he stared with wide opened eyes, like they were spewing fire.


 But that Xia Qing Cang had a special disposition, his body stood tall and straight like a mountain peak. He had a square face and white hair. Especially his beard, it was tough like needles, his eyes were shining brightly.


 “Wu Yu Bo, you destroyed my village and killed my descendants, I will return all this humiliation to you today!” Immortal Yan Huang growled.


 Wu Yu Bo sneered: “Simply slander! I did that to find traces of blood path and uphold justice, eliminating evil for this world. You are not a righteous person, and you dare to smear me, you deserve death!!”


 The two fought immediately.


 Fang Yuan and Xia Qing Cang watched at the two ends of the battlefield, staying on guard for their respective Gu Immortals.


 There was nothing to say, everyone knew the real reason, but the righteous path had to put a front of righteousness over their intentions.


 Immortal Yan Huang was a fire and earth path dual cultivator, on one hand, his flames were like rising dragons, emitting tremendous heat. On the other hand, rocks were rumbling, there was a huge commotion.


 Meanwhile, Wu Yu Bo cultivated water path, he moved like falling leaves, he was grand and swift ,there was grace in his actions. His body was covered in water vapor, there was drizzle from the sky, but the rain was able to dissolve all of Immortal Yan Huang’s flames and rocks.


 Evidently, Wu Yu Bo had the upper hand.


 However, the battle had just started, both sides were probing, they had not used their Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves yet.


 Fang Yuan watched as he investigated the surroundings, he was defending against Xia Qing Cang, in case he used any sneak attacks.


 Xia Qing Cang seemed very relaxed, he looked at Fang Yuan at times, smiling when his gaze met with Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 This made Fang Yuan feel uneasy.


 Xia Qing Cang was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was famous in Southern Border, he was a high-level character.


 The battle continued.


 Both sides started to use Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.


 Immortal Yan Huang was always suppressed and pressured by Wu Yu Bo, the advantage the latter had was becoming clearer.


 Victory was near, Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless. If he failed his job, he would be punished when he returned to the clan.


 “Yan Huang, die. It is your honor to die from my signature killer move!” Wu Yu Bo had deep killing intent, a cold light was shining in his slim and long eyes.


 He activated his immortal killer move, rain poured down as clouds gathered, dark winds were howling, the three fused together to form a ball-shaped cage capturing Immortal Yan Huang.


 Immortal Yan Huang was trapped inside and could not leave, he was in a desperate situation, he was about to die.


 Fang Yuan closely observed Xia Qing Cang, guarding against his intervention.


 But Xia Qing Cang had a smile on his face, he watched casually, seemingly having no intention to interfere.


 But at this time, Immortal Yan Huang suddenly laughed loudly, the aura of countless Gu worms appeared from his body, a bright light was shining from his body.


 Immediately, the cage that trapped him broke apart.


 “How can this be?!” Wu Yu Bo was shocked, he was caught off-guard, his signature killer move was broken, he immediately suffered huge injuries.


 The lava under Immortal Yan Huang’s feet gathered and formed a battlefield.


 This was an immortal battlefield killer move.


 Wu Yu Bo had a pale expression, he was trapped inside the battlefield.


 The situation had turned around, Wu Yu Bo was in grave danger.


 With this sudden change, Fang Yuan wanted to help, but Xia Qing Cang flew to him, warning him: “Wu Yi Hai, don’t be the shame of Wu clan!”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “How can an outsider like you determine if our Wu clan is shameful?”


 Saying this, he turned into a divination tortoise and charged into the lava battlefield.


 Xia Qing Cang praised Fang Yuan’s resolute decision internally, but he did not move slowly: “In that case, have a taste of my killer move, scattering mind!”


 A wisdom path immortal killer move.


 Xia Qing Cang used his signature killer move right away, it was a powerful method.


 Any Gu Immortal hit with this would feel their mind wandering, there would be random thoughts colliding in their mind, their battle strength would be greatly affected, if they were careless, they would fall into confusion and be unable to help themselves.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he kept charging towards the battlefield killer move without caring.


 “Fool!” Xia Qing Cang mocked coldly.


 At the next moment, his scattering mind hit Fang Yuan, but it dissipated, while Fang Yuan was unscathed.


 Xia Qing Cang’s cold smile froze on his face.


 “How can this be? This is... divination tortoise?” Xia Qing Cang finally recognized Fang Yuan’s transformation, he had a bitter expression.


 The divination tortoise was a wisdom path ancient desolate beast, it was skilled against the deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals. This wisdom path killer move was created from the concept of deduction, it was completely countered by the divination tortoise.


 Bam.


 The battlefield killer move was broken by Fang Yuan as the divination tortoise entered, immediately saving Wu Yu Bo, who was in danger.


 Xia Qing Cang was about to interfere, but Fang Yuan said: “Our Wu clan has lost, this battle is over, Moon Bowl is yours!”


 After hearing this, Xia Qing Cang stopped.


 Immortal Yan Huang wanted to attack, but Xia Qing Cang stopped him.


 The former had no choice but to watch with hatred as his enemy escaped.


 “Why did you let him go?” Immortal Yan Huang roared.


 Xia Qing Cang looked at him coldly: “We have already won Moon Bowl, our objective has been met. It is not the time for you to kill Wu Yu Bo yet. Don’t forget that you are an external supreme elder of Xia clan, you have to think about our clan’s benefits first!”


 This time, Xia clan had won, if they pursued this matter, Wu clan would fight back with force.


 Xia clan did not want to be Wu clan’s target and lose in the end, allowing the other forces to benefit.



***
Chapter 1304 - Happily Getting Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Wu clan rank seven Gu Immortal, Wu Yu Bo, lost to Immortal Yan Huang.


 This matter was intentionally spread by Xia clan, soon, the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world knew about it, everyone was moved!


 “Wu Yu Bo is a rank seven expert, a famous battle strength of Wu clan, he lost to Immortal Yan Huang?”


 “Immortal Yan Huang is not weak, now that he has Xia clan’s help, it is not that hard to defeat Wu Yu Bo.”


 “Wu Yu Bo is arrogant and prideful, it is quite shocking that he lost to a person he defeated before.”


 “The important thing is that Immortal Yan Huang broke through Wu Yu Bo’s signature killer move, this is impressive. Perhaps Xia clan’s Xia Liu Pei helped him to deduce it.”


 Xia clan had a wisdom path Gu Immortal who was famous for being a deduction expert in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 It was Xia Liu Pei.


 “This time, Wu clan lost face. Not only did Wu Yu Bo lose to Immortal Yan Huang, he even nearly lost his life. If not for Wu Yi Hai, who broke through the battlefield killer move, Wu Yu Bo would not have survived.”


 “Seriously?”


 “Yes, all sorts of Gu worms have been passed around, they record the scene of that battle.”


 “Wu clan actually lost Moon Bowl, hehe, this is a huge joke.”


 “Well if we trace the origin, Wu clan had snatched Moon Bowl previously. This is what Wu clan deserves!”


 “Hahaha, now that Wu Du Xiu is dead, Wu clan cannot keep its title of number one.”


 Losing Moon Bowl was not a problem for Wu clan, which had vast territory and wealth.


 But Fang Yuan had intervened to destroy the battlefield killer move and save Wu Yu Bo, this made Wu clan fall into a passive spot.


 This was the difference between righteous path and demonic path.


 Fang Yuan had saved Wu Yu Bo, this was against the rules of the fight, Wu clan had lost face as a result.


 And the problem was, there was hard evidence regarding this, they could not deny it.


 Xia clan’s wisdom path Gu Immortal Xia Qing Cang was the one guarding Immortal Yan Huang. He was a meticulous person and had used information path Immortal Gu to record the scene. They were targeting Wu clan, they naturally came prepared.


 Wu clan had to admit their fault, after Fang Yuan returned with Wu Yu Bo, Wu Yong gave orders to punish Fang Yuan, because he had gone against the rules of the fight, he was punished to be secluded and had to compensate some immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan had saved Wu Yu Bo, this was a merit. But for Wu clan, they had lost face, even though they saved a rank seven Gu Immortal, and it was much more important to them than face!


 Fang Yuan had merit, but Wu Yong punished him.


 But he had no grudges, he accepted his punishment and returned to Wu clan’s headquarters, staying in his mountain and not leaving.


 The incident of Moon Bowl was still escalating, the impact was increasing.


 Wu Yu Bo was a prideful person, after losing to Immortal Yan Huang, he felt incredibly ashamed, he declared that he was going into secluded cultivation after returning, he would claim victory in the future.


 Eve though Wu clan lost Moon Bowl valley and Wu Yong punished Fang Yuan, who broke the rules, Wu clan’s reputation had unavoidably declined.


 And most importantly, Xia clan’s actions were an inspiration to the other super forces.


 Righteous path and demonic path were different.


 The righteous path had its own rules.


 Xia clan used these rules, even though Wu clan lost Moon Bowl, they did not object.


 Xia clan was special in Southern Border, and even among the five regions. Because this super force mainly cultivated light path and wisdom path. Even though wisdom path Gu Immortals were rare, Xia clan had five wisdom path Gu Immortals, and some of them were strong experts.


 Among the wisdom path Gu Immortals of Southern Border, Xia clan was the domineering force, having a huge proportion of them.


 It was not strange that Wu clan was plotted against by Xia clan.


 The other forces saw Xia clan’s success and were all moved, wanting to imitate them.


 When Wu Du Xiu was alive, Wu clan was domineering, taking over resource points from others, expanding their territory, incidents like Moon Bowl were numerous. They had many enemies like Immortal Yan Huang.


 This was what other forces could use to deal with Wu clan.


 All sorts of intelligence was arriving, Wu Yong had an ominous sensation, he felt like a storm was brewing towards Wu clan.


 As expected, after Moon Bowl, Luo clan approached Wu clan with similar reasons as Xia clan.


 Next, Chi clan and Chai clan also attempted to get a share of Wu clan’s inspiration cocoon cave and spring sun mountain range.


 Wu Yong oversaw the situation from the base, deploying people outside, but Wu clan’s territory was too big, they lacked manpower, they could only maintain the situation at best.


 Wu clan was in trouble, Wu Yong had a huge headache, but his brother ‘Wu Yi Hai’ was living a comfortable life.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “Let me go, please let me go. Ahh—!” Ma Hong Yun’s soul screamed in pain.


 But Fang Yuan ignored him, continuing to soul search him.


 Ma Hong Yun’s soul could not endure such torture, he quickly became very weak.


 Guts Gu.


 Fang Yuan used one Gu worm to replenish Ma Hong Yun’s soul, before continuing his soul search.


 “You evil fiend!!”


 “Kill me, kill me...”


 The intense pain in his soul made Ma Hong Yun unable to endure it, he continued to curse, scold, cry, and beg, but Fang Yuan was unmoved.


 A moment later, he stopped.


 Ma Hong Yun’s soul was very diffuse, like mist that was about to vanish.


 But next, Fang Yuan smashed one guts Gu and Ma Hong Yun’s soul healed.


 “I have finally excavated all of the luck path true inheritance that Ma Hong Yun had.”


 “But Zhao Lian Yun is not dead yet, I can still continue to keep Ma Hong Yun’s soul, it has value. Hehehe.”


 Fang Yuan had killed Ma Hong Yun by accident in Reverse Flow River and obtained his soul.


 These last days, he had been soul searching.


 After confirming that he had fully excavated everything, Ma Hong Yun had no secrets in front of him anymore.


 Fang Yuan thus obtained a portion of the all living being’s luck true inheritance.


 Self luck, all living being’s luck, heaven and earth luck, these were Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s three true inheritances. Self luck was in Lang Ya blessed land, all living being’s luck was in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and heaven and earth luck was in Longevity Heaven.


 As Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, and the all living being’s luck true inheritance was destroyed as well.


 However, back then, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were protected by the all living being’s luck true inheritance, they each received a portion of it.


 After so many events, Fang Yuan soul searched him and obtained this portion of the all living being’s luck true inheritance.


 “Thankfully, Old Ancestor Xue Hu wanted to use Ma Hong Yun to refine Fortune Rivalling Heaven and needed a healthy Ma Hong Yun, thus he did not do anything to his soul.”


 “When Ma Hong Yun left Imperial Court blessed land, he was captured by Shadow Sect’s Qin Bai Sheng. Since he learned about the all living being’s luck true inheritance, Shadow Sect also knows.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed, in this portion of the true inheritance, the greatest value was fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu’s recipe!


 Ma Hong Yun remembered the details.


 This was the core essence of the all living being’s luck true inheritance.


 It was not strange.


 It was because Ma Hong Yun knew of this Immortal Gu recipe that Old Ancestor Xue Hu learned of it after buying him, resulting in him having the intention to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 “Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu...” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 According to this Immortal Gu recipe, even if he used up all of his wealth, he could not complete ten percent of the recipe’s needs.


 Unless he had a living Gu material like Ma Hong Yun, he could save a lot of precious refinement materials, Fang Yuan could barely give it a go.


 But how would Fang Yuan dare to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 This was a rank eight Immortal Gu!


 Brazenly trying to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu, what would happen? Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s outcome was an example.


 This was the number one Gu Immortal with the highest battle strength in Northern Plains, but he was not doing well now. Not only did his refinement of Fortune Rivalling Heaven fail, he lost Reverse Flow River and Snowy Mountain blessed land, even his beloved wife Lady Wan Shou was injured.


 “Even though I have a lot of assets now, and the sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation can rival rank eight Gu Immortals, my immortal essence stone and red date immortal essence storage is low, and most importantly, I have few resources that are high in value.”


 This time, Fang Yuan chased after Ying Wu Xie, from Southern Border to Eastern Sea to Northern Plains, it consumed a lot of immortal essence. And inside Reverse Flow River, he created an immortal killer move. Reverse flow protection seal was the most costly immortal killer move that he had.


 “The sovereign immortal aperture’s production was incredible, but because I reduced the rate of time to stall calamities and tribulations, the efficiency fell drastically.”


 “Even though I am still earning profits, my expenditure is huge too. Especially the feeding of Immortal Gu, wisdom sword Immortal Gu and attitude Gu have not had their feeding settled yet, I still need more funds for them.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to solve the problem of food, he also needed to store immortal essence for emergencies, his current situation was quite awkward.


 A while ago, he had to pay immortal essence stones for saving Wu Yu Bo against the rules, it added to his problems.


 “Slowing the rate of time causes my immortal aperture to produce more slowly. This way, I can only expand production to emphasize on quantity instead.”


 “But what resources do I expand production of, this is an important consideration. Some resources are already oversupplied in the market, if I expand production, it would only harm me.”


 While Fang Yuan was thinking about this, Wu Yu Bo’s will brought an Immortal Gu and flew towards Fang Yuan’s mountain.


 “Thank you for saving my life. Lord Wu Yi Hai, this rank six vajra thought Immortal Gu will be my expression of gratitude.” Wu Yu Bo’s will actually gave Fang Yuan an Immortal Gu.


 Vajra thought Immortal Gu!


 Evidently, this was a wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had benefited from this Moon Bowl incident — he gained an Immortal Gu!


 Even though it was rank six, Immortal Gu were unique, they were priceless.



***
Chapter 1305 - Vajra Thought


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This vajra thought Immortal Gu was fist sized, it looked like a translucent glass, shining with golden lights, it looked very appealing.


 Fang Yuan held it in his hands, it was heavy, as if he was holding a piece of gold.


 The process of changing owners was very fast.


 When Fang Yuan refined this vajra thought Immortal Gu successfully, Wu Yu Bo’s will said goodbye and flew away.


 Obtaining a rank six Immortal Gu like this, Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 Because he had merit!


 Fang Yuan saved Wu Yu Bo, it was a huge merit in Wu clan. Even though he broke the rules and Wu clan lost face, they preserved a precious rank seven battle strength. Evidently, his merits surpassed the problems he caused!


 Even though Wu Yong punished Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan understood why. This was the righteous path, they had to do it on the surface.


 Wu clan had to reward Fang Yuan, but Wu Yong could not do it himself.


 Once he did, the political implications would be different, if it were found out, others would use it to attack his reputation.


 Thus, Wu Yu Bo’s will had to do it.


 This vajra thought Immortal Gu was supposedly Wu Yu Bo’s personal gift to Fang Yuan, but it was actually Wu clan paying for it. There had to be this middleman, it was the righteous path’s way.


 “Another Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals might be happy, but to Fang Yuan, the implications were different.


 He had too many Immortal Gu!


 The burden was huge.


 “But vajra thought Immortal Gu is a wisdom path Immortal Gu, I can use it to make up for some of my weaknesses.”


 Fang Yuan did not lack wisdom path attainment level, he lacked wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 In the past, he only had attitude Gu and unravel mystery Gu, but now he had affection Gu and vajra thought Gu.


 Four wisdom path Immortal Gu, this was enough, with Fang Yuan’s wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, he could use them well.


 Fang Yuan instilled red date immortal essence, attempting to activate this vajra thought Immortal Gu.


 Immediately, golden thoughts appeared in his mind. These thoughts were small and exquisite, they shined with a metallic luster, giving off a tough feeling.


 When the thoughts collided, they created clanking sounds.


 Fang Yuan tried to use these newly produced vajra thoughts to deduce.


 But he found that these vajra thoughts were not good at thinking. The thoughts were hard to fuse, they often broke apart.


 Fang Yuan thought ‘as expected’, he was not surprised.


 Vajra thought Immortal Gu itself was not good for thinking, it excelled in fighting.


 Fang Yuan mobilized these vajra thoughts in his mind, these thoughts were small and exquisite, when they left his mind, they expanded in the outside world, becoming fist sized golden balls, there was bright light shining on their crystal-like surface.


 Fang Yuan sat on a cushion, hundreds of vajra thoughts were floating around him, at once, golden light shined and gave him an extraordinary air.


 At his will, a vajra thought flew out.


 Swoosh!


 It was very fast.


 Thoughts moved rapidly to begin with, thoughts moved faster than light in one’s mind!


 When the vajra thought was in the outside world, it was not as fast as in the mind, but it was still rapid.


 “This speed is half of sword escape Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan’s eyes twitched, he was satisfied with this speed.


 Sword Escape was a rank seven Immortal Gu, and one with great speed. Vajra thought Immortal Gu was only rank six, but the vajra thoughts could have half of Sword Escape’s speed.


 Of course, for Immortal Gu like Vajra Thought, even if it was raised to rank seven or eight, the quality of the vajra thoughts produced would not change, only the quantity would vary.


 In theory, mortal vajra thought Gu could produce vajra thoughts no different from those produced by the Immortal Gu. The difference was the quantity. Rank five mortal vajra thought Gu could produce a hundred vajra thoughts at once. But vajra thought Immortal Gu could produce thousands or even tens of thousands of vajra thoughts at once.


 Then what was the power of one vajra thought?


 Fang Yuan aimed at a tile on the ground and shot out the vajra thought.


 Bam, the vajra thought created a trail of golden light as it crashed into the tile, drilling deep underground.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 The power was decent.


 This place was a mortal Gu House, the defensive power was too weak for Gu Immortals, but it was not useless.


 The power of the vajra thought made Fang Yuan think of bullets from Earth.


 But it was much larger than bullets.


 “One use of vajra thought Immortal Gu can create thousands of vajra thoughts, if they are all shot out together, it is quite a sight.”


 “Wait a second...”


 A flash of inspiration appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 He thought of two Gu Immortals, one was Dong Fang Chang Fan, the other was Ye Lui Qun Xing. The former had an immortal killer move called myriad star fireflies. The latter also had an immortal killer move, it used star fragments as the core, the longer he fought, the stronger he became.


 “I have vajra thought Immortal Gu, why don’t I imitate myriad star fireflies and create an immortal killer move?”


 Fang Yuan considered it.


 Intuition from his wisdom path grandmaster attainment told him that this would not be tough.


 Thus, Fang Yuan stopped activating vajra thought Immortal Gu, he pondered and began to deduce the immortal killer move.


 He was imitating myriad star fireflies, using vajra thought Immortal Gu as the core.


 The process was smooth, there was little difficulty, it all went according to Fang Yuan’s intuition.


 An hour later, this immortal killer move was half complete.


 A day and a night later, Fang Yuan turned into a divination tortoise to deduce it without rest, finally obtaining the complete immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan did not name this immortal killer move, because he had a new inspiration.


 “Just this immortal killer move with rank six vajra thought Immortal Gu as the core is not powerful enough. Maybe I can use divination tortoise transformation to modify this immortal killer move and raise its strength!”


 This modification would not be easy.


 Even though he had grandmaster wisdom path and transformation path attainment level, combining the two paths would not be an easy task.


 The modification took a long time.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious.


 The outside situation was quite calm now.


 Even though Shadow Sect was around, and Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven were pursuing him, as long as he used the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s foundation would continue to grow rapidly.


 Undeniably, with reverse flow protection seal, his confidence had risen greatly.


 Three days later, the modification of the killer move was not done, he was only at thirty percent, but Wu Yong had summoned Wu Yi Hai.


 In the hall, the two brothers talked, Wu Yong told Fang Yuan: If he was not happy with vajra thought Immortal Gu, he could choose a rank six Immortal Gu from the clan’s treasury and exchange it.


 The reason was, after Fang Yuan accepted vajra thought Immortal Gu, he did not make a move, Wu Yong thought that Fang Yuan was a lone immortal and did not know how the righteous path worked, he might have really assumed that it was a gift from Wu Yu Bo.


 This would not do.


 Wu Yong summoned Fang Yuan and hinted to him that this vajra thought Immortal Gu was all because of this elder brother’s efforts. And using the excuse of exchanging Gu, he expressed goodwill to Fang Yuan.


 He did not know that Fang Yuan understood the entire situation, he was just pretending to be unaware.


 “It seems that Wu clan is in trouble now, because they lack Gu Immortals, Wu Yong wants to make use of me.” Fang Yuan immediately understood Wu Yong’s intention.


 Fang Yuan did not want to interfere in Wu clan’s matters.


 But recently, many super forces were cooperating to emit pressure on Wu clan subtly.


 There were many problems, Wu Yong was busy dealing with all of them.


 And over at the giant dream realm, Ba clan was leading the Gu Immortals in giving trouble to Wu clan.


 Originally, Wu Yong wanted to send Fang Yuan there, but Ba clan was creating problems, the pressure at the super Gu formation was increasing. To play safe, Wu Yong did not want to change people now, thus, Fang Yuan’s plan of going to the super Gu formation was stalled.


 “Thank you for the concern, brother, I would like to take a look at the inner treasury as well.” Fang Yuan had created an immortal killer move using vajra thought Immortal Gu, but he still wanted to look at the Immortal Gu inside the inner treasury.


 Last time, he had chosen Immortal Gu from the outer treasury, the Immortal Gu inside the inner treasury were much better and had greater value.


 As the number one force of Southern Border, Fang Yuan was excited about what was inside Wu clan’s inner treasury.


 There were few Immortal Gu in the inner treasury, but they were all the best of the best. But Fang Yuan had too many Immortal Gu now, he mainly wanted to probe Wu clan’s foundation and gain more information about them.



***
Chapter 1306 - Immortal Gu Reputation Restriction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Among them was an Immortal Gu called Reputation Restriction, it was a rare information path rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was very interested.


 After all, he was too weak in terms of information path, it was greatly restricting his development.


 Reputation restriction Immortal Gu had an incredible effect.


 After it was used, it would turn into a rope to restrict any desolate beast or desolate plant, and even ancient desolate beasts or ancient desolate plants.


 Indeed, even though it was an information path Immortal Gu, it had an enslavement path effect.


 It was very special and unique.


 What moved Fang Yuan was, this reputation restriction Immortal Gu’s effect varied according to its owner’s reputation.


 This suited Fang Yuan very well.


 Be it Fang Yuan himself or Liu Guan Yi, they were characters who shook all five regions, they were widely known. In recent times, who had the most prominent reputation? It was none other than Fang Yuan!


 “But...”


 “My information path attainment level is ordinary, even if I get this reputation restriction Immortal Gu, what use is it?”


 “Enslaving ancient desolate beasts and desolate plants is not useful to me. Only if I can enslave an immemorial desolate beast.”


 “And just this rank seven Immortal Gu Reputation Restriction will be impossible to enslave immemorial desolate beasts with. The only possibility is to use it as a core to create an immortal killer move.”


 “But that will take forever. My information path and enslavement path attainment levels are not at grandmaster. Regarding immemorial desolate beasts or plants, grandmaster attainment level is already very limited.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not exchange it, he kept vajra thought Immortal Gu.


 This choice surprised Wu Yong a little.


 “I made some gains in Eastern Sea, from now on, the divination tortoise transformation that uses wisdom path will be my main cultivation.” Fang Yuan explained.


 This was in preparation for him using divination tortoise transformation in the future.


 Wu Yong nodded: “I called you here for an additional matter.”


 Fang Yuan was calm: “Please tell me.”


 Wu Yong smiled bitterly: “The Frosty Peak that my clan controls is targeted by Xia clan. There are some historical reasons, they are all recorded in this information path mortal Gu. Brother, I hope you can help defend Frosty Peak for our clan.”


 “I am willing to solve your problem, brother.” Fang Yuan agreed before accepting the information path mortal Gu, inspecting it.


 Fang Yuan’s attitude made Wu Yong very pleased.


 Fang Yuan looked at the information in the Gu worm, he understood this matter.


 As it turned out, after Immortal Yan Huang defeated Wu Yu Bo, Xia clan obtained Moon Bowl, becoming the greatest beneficiary. Thereafter, other super forces went to trouble Wu clan. After Xia clan gained this profit, they decided to continue plotting against Wu clan, to obtain greater gains for the clan.


 This time, they targeted Frosty Peak.


 Frosty Peak was not Wu clan’s resource point originally, it belonged to a lone cultivator Gu Immortal.


 Very long ago, this lone immortal sought help from Wu clan, and Wu clan wanted his territory, but the lone immortal did not want to give it away.


 After a long and arduous negotiation, the lone immortal lent this place to Wu clan for several hundred years.


 More than a hundred years later, this lone immortal died from tribulation, this Frosty Peak officially became Wu clan’s property, it had great production output each year.


 Xia clan was able to request for it because they found a descendant of this lone immortal.


 The lone immortal’s descendant wanted Wu clan to return Frosty Peak, this was very reasonable, there was undeniable evidence.


 With Xia clan’s backing, they created a lot of commotion, attempting to take back Frosty Peak by creating a ruckus.


 “The lone immortal’s descendant is a mortal Gu Master, they actually dare to challenge Wu clan.”


 “Xia clan has many wisdom path Gu Immortals, they are good at plotting.”


 “But this time, I must defend Frosty Peak. This is the best chance for me to display my strength. Wu Yong does not want me to go to the super Gu formation, he is afraid I cannot suppress the situation if I have inferior strength.”


 Fang Yuan received the mission, but he did not set off urgently.


 He knew: Even though he was strong, his methods could not be exposed. Divination tortoise transformation was good at defense but lacked offense, thankfully, he had vajra thought Immortal Gu, but he had to deduce that new immortal killer move first.


 Thus, for more than ten days afterwards, Fang Yuan stayed inside his house, trying to deduce and modify the immortal killer move.


 This was not a peaceful time.


 Xia clan saw that Wu clan did not move and repeatedly urged them, spreading the news everywhere.


 Wu clan faced great pressure, Wu Yong also came to urge Fang Yuan, but he stalled for time.


 “No rush.”


 “If we do not show up, Xia clan cannot take over Frosty Peak by force.”


 “Xia clan is causing a commotion? It is no problem, let them make a scene, we will remain unmoved.”


 “Be steady, when I was a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, I learned that this was the meaning of life.”


 “Be slower, the slower we work, the better the results.”


 Fang Yuan gave a lot of reasons, he had a reply to everything.


 In the end, even Wu Yong became anxious, Wu Yi Hai did not face much pressure, but as the head of Wu clan, his pressure was getting heavier by the day.


 “The clan’s affairs are my affairs.”


 “Since this is entrusted to me, I will definitely succeed, I will not let you down, brother, I will meet your expectations.”


 Fang Yuan still willfully did things his way.


 Wu Yong had no choice, he had no more Gu Immortals to send.


 Only when Fang Yuan deduced the immortal killer move and experimented with it successfully did he start to leave, heading towards Frosty Peak.


 Wu Yong let out a sigh of relief.


 Xia clan had been focusing on Wu clan all along, the moment Fang Yuan moved, they received news of it.


 On Frosty Peak.


 “Wu clan sent Wu Yi Hai this time.” Rank six wisdom path Gu Immortal Xia Zhuo Mo spoke.


 “This Frosty Peak is on par with Moon Bowl, Wu clan did not send Wu Yu Bo or Wu Zhen here? This is a terrible move.” Rank seven Gu Immortal Xia Fei Kuai could not believe it.


 Xia Zhuo Mo thought about it: “Wu clan has nobody to send anymore. Wu Yu Bo is a prideful person, after losing to Immortal Yan Huang, unless he can kill Immortal Yan Huang and regain his reputation, he would not come out of seclusion. As for Wu Zhen, he is busy defending Phoenix Peak, how can he leave? During this period, all the different phoenix birds are going there to produce their eggs.”


 “Hahaha. Wu Yong has no choice, he sent Wu Yi Hai after having no other alternatives. How is this person’s battle strength?” Xia Fei Kuai asked.


 Xia Zhuo Mo thought about it: “His battle strength is unclear, he used to be a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, there is little information on him. But he could escape threats and return to Wu clan, he can defend himself. Recently, he saved Wu Yu Bo and used a divination tortoise transformation, due to a coincidence, he managed to counter Lord Xia Qing Cang’s scattering mind.”


 Saying this, he smiled bitterly: “The divination tortoise has naturally defense against wisdom path methods, against him, I may not be of use. It will depend on you.”


 Xia Zhuo Mo was a rank six wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Xia Fei Kuai was a rank seven light path Gu Immortal.


 The latter laughed: “I see that this Wu Yi Hai is stalling for so much time, he has no confidence. Don’t worry, I will go ahead and suppress this person, after we take down Frosty Peak, our Xia clan’s territory will expand, this will be a huge merit!”



***
Chapter 1307 - Four Seasons Tea


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sky was dark, it was drizzling.


 Fang Yuan flew to the sky, mist surrounding him.


 “I’m here.” At his will, he descended as the mist in his vision vanished, showing the land.


 Southern Border had many mountains, Fang Yuan was above many mountains, it was a scene of greenery.


 In this sea of greenery, Frosty Peak was unique, it was completely white and different in height, standing out from the rest.


 At the apex of Frosty Peak, there was a mortal Gu House, at the entrance of the Gu House, Xia clan’s two Gu Immortals, Xia Zhuo Mo and Xia Fei Kuai, had already sensed Fang Yuan’s arrival.


 Fang Yuan was here to negotiate, he did not purposely conceal his presence.


 It was normal for the two Xia clan Gu Immortals to notice him at once.


 “He is finally here. This Wu Yi Hai is really amazing, he took half a month to travel on a three day route.” Xia Fei Kuai frowned deeply.


 “Forget it, he’s here, let’s go.” Xia Zhuo Mo smiled.


 The two sides met in the sky.


 Both sides were smiling, they had a grand demeanor, after all, they were representing two super forces.


 The two Xia clan Gu Immortals assessed Wu Yi Hai, thinking: “He looks really similar to Wu Du Xiu.”


 Fang Yuan was also assessing these two Gu Immortals, Xia Fei Kuai was rank seven, he was the person in charge of this negotiation.


 According to Wu clan’s information, Xia Fei Kuai was a rash and resolute person, he had great battle strength. Meanwhile, Xia Zhuo Mo was a wisdom path Gu Immortal who considered many aspects and liked to think deeply.


 Xia Zhuo Mo’s personality had to do with his childhood experiences, whenever he encountered an important situation, he would think about the possibilities over and over.


 Meanwhile, Xia Fei Kuai’s personality was the backlash of a certain immortal killer move that he had tried to use.


 This was the first time both sides were meeting, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals led Fang Yuan to the apex of Frosty Peak.


 “Please enter for some tea.” The two Gu Immortals acted like the hosts of the place, as if they were declaring their ownership, the contest had already begun, but Fang Yuan was unmoved, as if he did not sense it.


 He smiled as he sat down, drinking.


 “The tea is not bad.” After one sip, he praised.


 Xia Zhuo Mo smiled: “This is our Xia clan’s four seasons tea, our first supreme elder had created it personally. With one sip, you will taste four different flavors, making people feel the four seasons of spring, autumn, summer, and winter. Therefore, it is called four seasons tea.”


 Xia clan first supreme elder was a time path great expert, the four seasons tea that she created showed her incredible attainment in time path.


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals used this tea to assert dominance, but after Fang Yuan drank it, his smile intensified.


 “This is a great tea, I wonder if you have any extra. I would like to ask for a few more portions, may I have them?” Fang Yuan smiled as he squinted.


 The two Xia clan Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 Xia Zhuo Mo thought: This Wu Yi Hai is really greedy. However, even if they were enemies, their righteous path demeanor was important. Furthermore, politics was always changing, right now, everyone was opposing Wu clan, but maybe they would soon have to cooperate with Wu clan.


 Xia Zhuo Mo decided and was about to speak, when Xia Fei Kuai said: “Whatever! This is nothing much, we have a lot of four seasons tea, if you want them, you can have them.”


 Saying this, he gave out over ten portions of four seasons tea.


 “Then I will accept it.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, receiving the tea leaves.


 Xia Fei Kuai quickly added: “Let’s talk about Frosty Peak.”


 Fang Yuan raised his cup and sipped slowly, before putting it down as he said: “Please tell me.”


 Xia Fei Kuai quickly spoke, his mouth opened and closed rapidly: “This matter takes very long to explain. Since we all know the origin, let’s cut to the chase, Little Zhang, come out.”


 As he said that, a rank five Gu Master walked out of a door inside the Gu House.


 “This descendant of Zhang San Feng, Zhang Kai Zui, greets the three immortals.” This Gu Master was old and had white hair, he greeted the three immortals without excessive reverence.


 “This Little Zhang’s bloodline is absolutely correct. Come, come, come, Wu Yi Hai, quickly test it.” Xia Fei Kuai left his seat, walking to Zhang Kai Zui and pulling his arm, bringing him to Fang Yuan with an expression that seemed to be in a hurry.


 Zhang San Feng was that lone cultivator Gu Immortal who was the owner of Frosty Peak.


 Of course, Zhang San Feng was not his original name, it was sort of a title 1 . Because he owned three mystical peaks, Frosty Peak was one of them.


 His real name was unknown, ever since he appeared, he had never revealed his true name, only mentioning his surname of Zhang. As a result, everyone called him Zhang San Feng. Even his bloodline descendants did not know his true name.


 Fang Yuan knew this, Wu clan’s information was quite comprehensive.


 But he suddenly waved his hand, acting confused: “Wait, who is this Gu Master?”


 Xia Fei Kuai was stunned.


 Zhang Kai Zui was about to speak, when Xia Fei Kuai said: “He is Zhang Kai Zui, he introduced himself earlier, we all know it.”


 “I know he is named Zhang Kai Zui.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 But he paused and drank tea, continuing: “But what does this mortal Gu Master have to do with Frosty Peak?”


 “It is like this, his ancestor Zhang San Feng had once...” Xia Fei Kuai added.


 “Wait.” Fang Yuan stopped him: “Who is Zhang San Feng?”


 Xia Fei Kuai was stunned: “Wu Yi Hai, after so long, you have no idea who Zhang San Feng is?”


 Fang Yuan gave an embarrassed looking smile: “The clan wants me to protect Frosty Peak, but I arrived in a hurry, I have no idea what the cause of all this is. Please do not mind it.”


 Xia Fei Kuai thought: “You arrived in a hurry, reaching here after half a month. That’s arriving in a hurry?”


 He thought that, but he spoke politely: “Then let me tell you the reason.”


 “I am listening.”


 Xia Fei Kuai spoke rapidly, he explained the historical reason in the blink of an eye.


 Fang Yuan drank his tea and nodded.


 Xia Fei Kuai said: “Are you clear now?”


 Fang Yuan placed down his cup, standing up from his seat and cupping his fists at Xia Fei Kuai.


 Xia Fei Kuai had no idea why Fang Yuan was cupping his fists, it was a bit out of nowhere, but they were in the righteous path, a polite demeanor was everything, no matter what, he had to cup his fists in return.


 Next, he saw that Fang Yuan smiled again in embarrassment.


 Fang Yuan said: “Thank you for telling me that, but it was described too quickly, I could only understand the story roughly, I did not understand a lot of it. Can you tell me again?”


 “Again?” Xia Zhuo Mo, who was beside him, frowned.


 Xia Fei Kuai did not repeat it once again, he said: “Which part are you unsure about? I can explain that to you.”


 His tone was unhappy.



***
Chapter 1308 - Shameless!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan seemed to have not noticed, he smiled: “The first line, I did not hear it clearly.”


 Xia Fei Kuai explained it.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “And the second line...”


 Xia Fei Kuai frowned.


 Fang Yuan continued: “I did not hear it clearly either.”


 Xia Fei Kuai repeated it and said in an unhappy tone: “Is there anything else?”


 “The third line...” Fang Yuan said.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s eyes were about to bulge out, he said directly: “Pardon my words, but did you not hear the first three sentences? Are you toying with us?”


 “Please, you have misunderstood.” Fang Yuan waved his hands: “The third line...”


 “I heard it clearly.”


 Xia Zhuo Mo’s expression turned dark.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s brows were lifted high, his eyes were popping, rage showed on his face: “Then what do you want?”


 Fang Yuan said: “Actually, the fourth line...”


 Xia Fei Kuai waved his hand: “I will say it again, listen closely and carefully.”


 He talked about it again, this time, he said it very slowly, word by word, it was crystal clear.


 Fang Yuan stood up and cupped his fists at Xia Fei Kuai again.


 Xia Fei Kuai felt perplexed, he had a bad feeling but he quickly cupped his fists.


 He spoke calmly: “Are you clear on it now?”


 “Clear, it’s clear now. Thank you for explaining, everything makes sense now. Oh, so that is what happened.” Fang Yuan patted his forehead, sitting down.


 “Thus, your clan has to return Frosty Peak, it is the logical thing to do. Our Xia clan is upholding justice, this Zhang Kai Zui is without doubt the descendant of Zhang San Feng, please test it.” Xia Fei Kuai requested again.


 But Fang Yuan only took a glance at Zhang Kai Zui before smiling as he waved his hand: “No rush, no rush.”


 “What is it that do you not understand now?” Xia Fei Kuai’s expression was grim, he asked in a dark tone.


 “I have troubled you for the description, but was the situation really like this? I cannot confirm it.” Fang Yuan said.


 Xia Fei Kuai was about to laugh from anger: “I am speaking the truth, you can go ahead and seek verification!”


 “Haha.” Fang Yuan laughed, clapping his hands together: “You are a straight talker, I will seek verification from my clan.”


 Saying this, he shut his eyes, as if his consciousness had entered his immortal aperture, to use his information path methods.


 After a long time, Fang Yuan did not open his eyes.


 Xia Fei Kuai urged him: “Wu Yi Hai, are you done?”


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he smiled in embarrassment: “Brother is too busy with his work, let’s wait a while.”


 Regarding a rank eight Gu Immortal, Xia Fei Kuai could not say anything, so Xia Zhuo Mo interjected: “Lord Wu Yong is busy indeed, he has no choice. But Wu Yi Hai, you may ask other Wu clan Gu Immortals for verification.”


 Fang Yuan immediately laughed, giving Xia Zhuo Mo a thumbs up: “Worthy of a wisdom path Gu Immortal indeed, good idea!”


 This praise made Xia Zhuo Mo’s expression freeze.


 Next, Fang Yuan said: “But I am not close with any other Gu Immortal. Do you have any recommendations?”


 “Recommend your sister!” Xia Fei Kuai was listening by the side, he shouted out of anger.


 “My sister? I only have an elder brother, I have no sister. You must have remembered wrongly?” Fang Yuan smiled while squinting.


 “...” Xia Fei Kuai was speechless.


 He looked at Xia Zhuo Mo, they communicated with their gazes, they could tell that Fang Yuan was wasting time.


 “To think that Wu clan actually sent such a person over! They are too shameless!” Xia Fei Kuai was filled with anger.


 He wanted to negotiate properly, but Fang Yuan refused.


 And because they were righteous path characters, Xia Fei Kuai could not go overboard.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s smiling appearance, he really wanted to throw out a punch and send Fang Yuan plummeting to the ground.


 “Don’t be anxious, don’t be angry, you will fall for his trap. This person is very experienced, he is purposely angering us so we will expose a flaw.” Xia Zhuo Mo quickly urged.


 Xia Fei Kuai could only breath roughly, taking in huge breaths.


 Fang Yuan spoke as he looked at Xia Fei Kuai seriously: “Do I really have a sister? Please let me know.”


 Xia Fei Kuai: “...”


 He took in a few more breaths before he said: “No, it was a slip of the tongue, please do forgive me.”


 “Oh? Is that so.” Fang Yuan nodded, saying in concern: “I see that your tongue is dry, and your chest is moving rapidly, it seems you have symptoms of getting a fever. You need to drink tea, otherwise you will get sick. In fact, this four seasons tea is great, you should take a few more sips.”


 Xia Zhuo Mo: “...”


 Xia Fei Kuai screamed: “Drink what, we are talking about important business!”


 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “Friend, that is not the right attitude, what do you mean important business? Is being concerned about your health not important business? This Frosty Peak is just a resource point, these are just resources. You cannot fall ill just because of these resources, you will harm yourself.”


 He urged heartfully, but it seemed to be adding fuel to the fire, Xia Fei Kuai slammed the table angrily.


 “Wu Yi Hai!” He screamed: “Don’t think that you can deceive us like this, and keep Frosty Peak for your Wu clan. Hmph!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression quickly changed, saying sincerely: “What are you trying to say? I am innocent. We have to follow the rules for Frosty Peak’s matter. This is Zhang San Feng’s possession, if this Zhang Kai Zui is a true descendant, we will return it. On behalf of Wu clan, we will do this fair and square, we will not be corrupt, and ruin the rules of the righteous path just for some benefits!”


 “You are an understanding person.” Xia Zhuo Mo smiled forcefully, saying with deep intentions.


 Xia Fei Kuai frowned, he stopped shouting, he said: “That’s right, quickly test his bloodline, Zhang Kai Zui really is Zhang San Feng’s descendant!”


 “No rush, no rush.” Fang Yuan smiled and started to drink tea: “Let me seek verification from my clan first, it is not that I do not trust you, but this is a major task, I do not dare to decide recklessly on my own.”


 “Then quickly verify it!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted.


 “But brother Wu Yong has not responded.” Fang Yuan looked troubled.


 “Then find others!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted.


 Fang Yuan slapped his own leg: “That is right, but I just returned to the clan, I do not know anyone else. I am not sure who to find for verification. Earlier, I asked you two to help me, but you gave me no help, I am very troubled too.”


 Once he said that, the two Xia clan Gu Immortals were shocked, they looked at each other.


 After such a long time, giving so many excuses, it was now Xia clan’s fault?!


 The rank five Gu Master Zhang Kai Zui listened as he stared at Fang Yuan with wide opened eyes.


 This was... the demeanor of a Gu Immortal?


 He was shameless to the max.


 Zhang Kai Zui was awestruck, his good impression of Gu Immortals had shattered completely.


 “Forget it, I can tell now, this person is clearly stalling for time.” Xia Zhuo Mo transmitted.


 “Stalling for what?” Xia Fei Kuai asked.


 “Evidently, Wu clan has no justification here, they are in a passive spot. Wu Yi Hai has to continue wasting time here by giving all sorts of excuses. When Wu clan is no longer so tight on manpower, they will be able to deal with us, it will be difficult then. Let alone other matters, when the phoenix birds lay their eggs, Wu Zhen will be free to come here. If he comes, the situation will be different.” Xia Zhuo Mo analyzed.


 “You are right. What do we do? This Wu Yi Hai is stalling for time, but he speaks so justifiably, we have no way of finding problems with him. There are many ways to stall for time. For example, he needs time to verify this, and he also needs time to test his identity. Then what about after he tests Zhang Kai Zui’s bloodline? Will he ask if Zhang San Feng only has one descendant? All these questions will be endless if he wants to bring them up!” Xia Fei Kuai realized the severity of the problem.


 “I have a plan.” Xia Zhuo Mo said.


 “What plan?” Xia Fei Kuai asked quickly.


 Xia Zhuo Mo answered, as Xia Fei Kuai became overjoyed, he quickly turned to look at Fang Yuan: “Wu Yi Hai, I have long since heard that you are extremely strong, you are the glory of Wu clan. I would like to represent Xia clan and challenge you to a spar!”



***
Chapter 1309 - Spar


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Spar?


 That was just a nicer way of talking about resolving the problem by fighting.


 But this fight was different from the intense battles of the demonic path. When demonic path members fought, it was mortal combat. For righteous path Gu Immortals, they had a lot of assets, why would they fight to the death? Just deciding a winner was enough.


 This was also why Fang Yuan purposely stalled for time, preventing the resolution of Frosty Peak’s issue. This forced the two Xia clan Gu Immortals to go on the offense and deal with the matter through force.


 The truth was, on Earth, when negotiations fail, stronger countries would send their troops over.


 It was the same thing.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s words were quite interesting, he was representing Xia clan and also claimed Wu Yi Hai to be Wu clan’s glory, he said this was a spar, but this was actually a contest between both clans.


 Just these words forced Fang Yuan into a corner. If he avoided battle, it would harm Wu clan’s reputation, this was something that the righteous path would look down upon, he would be treated as a coward.


 But the two from Xia clan did not know that Fang Yuan was not Wu Yi Hai, he did not care about Wu clan’s reputation or glory.


 However, he was acting as Wu Yi Hai now, he still wanted to go to the super Gu formation, Fang Yuan had to accept this challenge.


 He thought briefly before saying: “If it is a spar, both of you will be fighting against me, I am outnumbered, I will definitely lose.”


 Xia Fei Kuai’s expression changed.


 These were vicious words!


 In fact, requesting for the spar had already caused him to be in a passive spot. If he lost, it would be humiliation. If the two Xia clan Gu Immortals fought together and won, they would be using numbers for an unfair advantage, it would make them lose face, they could not spread news about this.


 Actually, Xia Fei Kuai had not thought of fighting together with Xia Zhuo Mo, he said: “I will fight you alone, don’t worry.”


 Fang Yuan had a reluctant expression, he said: “Since you want to spar so urgently, I cannot reject you. But since this is a spar, there has to be a time limit, right, we cannot fight on forever.”


 “What do you have in mind?” Xia Fei Kuai asked.


 Spars had their rules, it was different from a life and death battle.


 Fang Yuan said: “You attack and I defend, as long as you can break my defense within ten moves, I lose.”


 Xia Fei Kuai’s eyelids were twitching, he said: “Okay.”


 Xia Zhuo Mo frowned, he felt something amiss. But since Xia Fei Kuai had already agreed, they might as well spar. He had confidence in Xia Fei Kuai.


 Frosty Peak was not the place to fight, destroying it would ruin the point of the task.


 Both sides flew to a desolate valley.


 Fang Yuan quickly stood opposite Xia Fei Kuai.


 “Start.” Xia Fei Kuai could not wait, he wanted to teach Fang Yuan a lesson.


 Among Southern Border’s rank seven Gu Immortals, he was a famous expert. In the entire Wu clan, other than the rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong, the strongest rank seven Gu Immortal, Wu Yu Bo, was only slightly superior to him. Now that Wu Yu Bo was in secluded cultivation, who would Xia Fei Kuai fear?


 One had to say, getting Immortal Yan Huang to defeat Wu Yu Bo was indeed a well executed move.


 In terms of real battle strength, Immortal Yan Huang was not Wu Yu Bo’s match, but Xia clan had managed to crack Wu Yu Bo’s signature killer move.


 Wu Yu Bo was targeted, his immortal killer move was broken and he suffered an intense backlash, causing Immortal Yan Huang to win the battle.


 “Wait.” Fang Yuan gestured with his hand.


 Xia Fei Kuai was ready to fight, Fang Yuan’s words made him feel very uncomfortable, he called out: “Wu Yi Hai, what else do you want?”


 “I almost forgot, since this is a spar, we can’t do it so casually, right?” Fang Yuan smiled.


 Xia Fei Kuai thought: “How is it casual? Teaching you a lesson is this battle’s most important point!”


 He was thinking that, but he could not say it out loud.


 Gu Immortals had all sorts of methods to record scenes. Like earlier, when Immortal Yan Huang challenged Wu Yu Bo, Xia clan’s Xia Qing Cang recorded everything, it was widely spread over Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 Xia Fei Kuai held in his anger: “What do you want?”


 “Simple, if I manage to win, then the status quo for Frosty Peak will remain, it will belong to us.” Fang Yuan said.


 “How can we do that?!” Xia Zhuo Mo, who was far away, was anxious. He rushed to Xia Fei Kuai and spoke loudly.


 Right now, Xia clan was finding trouble, having the descendant of Zhang San Feng, they had justification and a huge advantage, Wu clan was forced into a passive position. If they agreed to this, they would lose their advantage, it was not wise.


 Xia Fei Kuai curled his lips, thinking: “I’m not stupid.”


 At the same time, he rejected: “No way.”


 “In that case, I cannot fight. This spar is voided.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, turning around and walking away.


 Xia Fei Kuai almost wanted to curse at him upon seeing this.


 We left Frosty Peak and came all this way, after so much trouble, and selecting a proper valley to spar. And now, you want to cancel the fight?


 Are you toying with us?


 His expression turned grim: “Wu Yi Hai, leaving without fighting, is this the courage and glory of Wu clan?”


 Fang Yuan stopped moving.


 Xia Fei Kuai smiled coldly.


 Fang Yuan turned around, looking at Xia Fei Kuai with a serious expression, saying shamelessly: “You are wrong. I am not avoiding the spar, but you two are not agreeing to my request. Since our negotiation failed, it does not mean I am running away. Look, I even chose the location for it.”


 “What the f*ck!” These words made Xia Zhuo Mo, who was watching by the side, feel anger.


 Xia Fei Kuai stared with furious eyes, he was fuming.


 He stared at Fang Yuan fixedly, how could Wu clan produce such a shameless person, weren’t Wu clan Gu Immortals brash and usually eager to fight to resolve problems? Where was the bravery and spirit of Wu clan? Where was it!


 But soon, Xia Fei Kuai thought of Fang Yuan’s origin.


 Indeed, Wu Yi Hai was not a Wu clan Gu Immortal from birth, he was a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea.


 This damned secluded cultivator!


 Fang Yuan showed a deeper smile: “Since we cannot spar, let’s continue talking and drinking tea. I have to say, your four seasons tea is really delicious, I am looking forward to it as we speak.”


 “Drink tea? Talk about what!” Xia Fei Kuai felt an intense urge to strangle Fang Yuan to death in his mind, his chest was burning with rage.


 Xia Zhuo Mo looked at Xia Fei Kuai bitterly, thinking: “Weren’t you the one who gave him a lot of tea leaves earlier?”


 Fang Yuan suddenly muttered to himself before saying: “How about this, if I win, for the next five years, we will maintain the status quo, you will not harp on the Frosty Peak issue, how about that?”


 “This...” Xia Zhuo Mo started to ponder over it.


 Fang Yuan suddenly raised this condition, compared to before, it was much more acceptable.


 “But Wu Yi Hai likely has a plan for giving us this condition.” Xia Zhuo Mo was still thinking.


 Xia Fei Kuai spoke: “Okay, I agree.”


 Xia Zhuo Mo was stunned, transmitting: “Lord Xia Fei Kuai, you...”


 “Are we going to let this bastard continue wasting time? I will bear full responsibility for this, it has nothing to do with you! I cannot waste so much time, the less time I spend with this guy, the better.” Xia Fei Kuai replied resolutely, he had a firm attitude.


 Xia Zhuo Mo smiled bitterly.


 “If this battle is lost, even if you, Xia Fei Kuai, take responsibility, can I run away from it? The clan sent me here to help you, it was to give you advice, right? Sigh!”


 He sighed deeply in his mind, transmitting helplessly: “Then I will hope for lord to emerge victorious!”


 “Are you two sure?” Fang Yuan asked.


 His condition was just delaying the problem for Wu clan, it did not solve it.


 But after five years, Fang Yuan would be done with his matters, by then, who cares about Wu clan?


 “We are sure.” This time, Xia Fei Kuai did not speak, Xia Zhuo Mo did.


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan slowly flew back, speaking in an obnoxious way: “Actually, I did not want to spar, it hurts our relationship either way. But Lord Xia Fei Kuai is so insistent, on behalf of the four seasons tea leaves that you gave me, I will agree to this.”


 “Stop mentioning that tea and fight.” Xia Fei Kuai bellowed, his eyes were bloodshot.


 Before he finished his words, Fang Yuan’s body shined and turned into a divination tortoise.


 Xia Fei Kuai was stunned, Fang Yuan was wasting so much time earlier, but he transformed so quickly now, it was quite a contrast.


 “Divination tortoise again!” Xia Zhuo Mo frowned.


 The divination tortoise’s huge body stood in the valley with its four pillar-like legs, it filled up this entire valley.


 The entire divination tortoise was dark in color, the shell had all sorts of markings, thousands or tens of thousands of them, they were very eye-catching, Xia Zhuo Mo looked at them for a while before feeling dizzy, he quickly stopped.


 Xia Fei Kuai did not expect Fang Yuan to use an immortal killer move now.


 Normally, when Gu Immortals spar, they would probe first. Fang Yuan skipped it and used his trump card immediately.


 “The tough shell shows this divination tortoise’s defensive power. No wonder he chose this style of sparring.” Thinking of this, Xia Zhuo Mo frowned even more deeply.


 “What do I do?” Xia Fei Kuai hesitated, he did not know what Wu Yi Hai specialized in, but Fang Yuan knew what he was good at.


 Xia Fei Kuai only hesitated for a moment, before attacking.


 First move.


 He raised his fist and clenched it, floating in the sky, he aimed at the divination tortoise in the valley and punched.


 His fist shot out light, it was dazzling. Pure white light gathered in Xia Fei Kuai’s fist as it turned into a large ball of light, crashing down.


 Auras of Immortal Gu and mortal Gu mixed together.


 This was an immortal killer move — Soaring Essence Strike.



***
Chapter 1310 - So Embarrassing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Since Fang Yuan had used an immortal killer move, Xia Fei Kuai had no choice but to use an immortal killer move as well.


 A pure white ball of light moved with an average speed, not showing any signs of light path’s speed advantage.


 But as it flew in the air, it pushed the air aside, emitting a buzzing noise.


 Boom!


 The wine vat sized ball of light smashed down like the weight of a mountain on the divination tortoise’s back, smashing the tortoise into the ground.


 The enormous divination tortoise had sunken by over a foot in the ground.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s move was indeed powerful. Light path was famous for speed, but this soaring essence strike of Xia Fei Kuai was the complete opposite, it was like a heavy fist, and the enemies would often be caught off-guard by its powerful strength.


 However, Fang Yuan’s divination tortoise was perfectly unharmed.


 “Huh?” Xia Fei Kuai’s eyes almost popped out when he saw the result of his attack.


 The divination tortoise was intact with not even a slight dent on it.


 This was the obvious result.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s move used light path to imitate strength path, it was considered a unique move.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s divination tortoise transformation was a rank seven immortal killer move, which used change form Immortal Gu and divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu as the cores. Especially the latter, just by activating it, Fang Yuan could obtain a tortoise shell that was not weaker than an ancient divination tortoise.


 And now, it was an immortal killer move possessing many supplementary Gu worms, the tortoise shell’s defensive capability was stronger than a real ancient divination tortoise.


 Ancient desolate beasts had extremely strong and sturdy bodies with vigorous vitality, and tortoises were one of the toughest life forms among all living beings.


 It was not strange for Xia Fei Kuai’s soaring essence strike to show no effect.


 But to the person involved, this was slightly ridiculous.


 “Soaring essence strike had no effect, he has such a hard shell!” Xia Zhuo Mo was shocked.


 Xia Fei Kuai stopped, he started to develop an unfamiliar feeling, that was a headache.


 Looking at such a sturdy tortoise shell, he felt a headache and did not know where to start.


 In fact, if he had attacked any other area, the result would not have been this bad, but he had to go and choose the hardest part, the tortoise shell. Naturally, this was also because he wanted to probe the depths of Fang Yuan’s strength.


 “What should I do?” Xia Fei Kuai began to think rapidly.


 Although he was irascible, he managed to quickly become cool-headed in the fight.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan activated a second immortal killer move.


 Auras of Immortal Gu and mortal Gu rose. Fang Yuan opened his mouth and breathed out countless small tortoise shells.


 The small tortoise shells had the same appearance as the divination tortoise’s shell, except that they were many times smaller.


 The large numbers of small tortoise shells floated in the air, rotating at a very fast speed.


 “What are these things?” Xia Fei Kuai stopped thinking and cautiously pulled apart some distance from Fang Yuan.


 Boom!


 He punched forward with soaring essence strike again.


 But this time, the wine vat sized heavy light sphere did not even manage to touch the divination tortoise.


 Those small fist sized tortoise shells seemed to be attracted like bees attracted to honey, as they looped towards the soaring essence strike.


 Bam bam bam...


 The seemingly hard tortoise shells shattered into hundreds of pieces in the collisions.


 But the soaring essence strike also was completely consumed, finally turning into a dim fragment of light that helplessly dissipated in the air.


 Immortal killer move — Vajra Shell!


 This was the immortal killer move Fang Yuan had been perfecting earlier, combined with his divination tortoise transformation. This was the first time it had been displayed in Southern Border and even in the five regions.


 The core of this immortal killer move was the rank six Immortal Gu Vajra Thought.


 But it was combined with rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu as well as large numbers of mortal Gu.


 Its might had naturally increased by a lot, it had not been a waste of Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


 “Ah! These tortoise shells are actually thoughts.” Xia Zhuo Mo’s eyes emitted sharp light as he saw through the mystery.


 He was a wisdom path Gu Immortal and was very sensitive to all kinds of thoughts. This was the area he was proficient in.


 As for Xia Fei Kuai, he cultivated light path, not wisdom path, even though he was rank seven, he only realized after Xia Zhuo Mo’s notification.


 “Xia Zhuo Mo, you are knowledgeable, the two of you are a good match.” The divination tortoise spoke human language, its tone filled with sarcasm.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had not intended to conceal it, it was just that after combining with divination tortoise transformation, these golden thoughts turned into dark tortoise shells.


 “Little Mo, be quiet, I will break his shell.” Xia Fei Kuai said.


 Xia Zhuo Mo grunted, but did not speak anymore. Being ridiculed by Fang Yuan had made his expression unsightly.


 Xia Fei Kuai closed his eyes.


 He began to prepare.


 All sorts of Gu worms’ auras started brimming and linking up, before quickly spreading.


 Red date immortal essence was being consumed rapidly.


 At the same time, he spread his arms and slowly put his hands together above his head.


 Light surged up like a fountain from him, gathering between his palms.


 He was still accumulating energy.


 The radiance was restrained, but a powerful aura started rising up, becoming more and more dangerous.


 Fang Yuan lowered his tortoise head and firmly rooted his limbs to the ground like a silent dark mountain. But at the same time, the small tortoise shells around him were continuing to fly, their numbers increasing extremely rapidly.


 There were close to ten thousand at first, but the numbers soon surpassed twenty thousand, thirty thousand, forty thousand...


 Their proliferation was extremely fast.


 Rank six vajra thought Immortal Gu could create ten thousand vajra thoughts alone.


 As an immortal killer move now, its effect had increased by another level.


 The most crucial point was that Fang Yuan’s body was filled with wisdom path dao marks right now.


 Actually, Fang Yuan did not have many wisdom path dao marks, but he had transformation path dao marks and there were quite a lot of them!


 He had killed a lot of transformation path Gu Immortals and annexed all of their dao marks. The most significant harvest was when he had killed Wu Yi Hai and the two immortals inside the regional wall, just this alone gave Fang Yuan close to fifty thousand transformation path dao marks.


 One thousand dao marks could double the effect.


 Ten thousand dao marks could give ten times the amplification.


 Fifty thousand dao marks meant fifty times the amplification.


 What did that imply?


 Ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals would have about ten thousand to thirty thousand dao marks of their main path.


 Xia Fei Kuai was a rank seven expert, his light path dao marks exceeded thirty thousand in number.


 But how could they compare to Fang Yuan?


 As a result, Xia Fei Kuai and Xia Zhuo Mo could only stare wide-eyed at the rapid proliferation of the small tortoise shells that soon covered the whole valley, and were spreading further, the dark and dense numbers of tortoise shells were like locusts and ants.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s expression sank.


 These small tortoise shells had increased by such a quantity in just a short while, emitting a heavy mental pressure to others.


 However, Xia Fei Kuai skillfully used the circumstances of the spar, according to the rule they decided upon, Fang Yuan could only defend and not attack, so Fang Yuan could not take the initiative to use these small tortoise shells to attack Xia Fei Kuai.


 Xia Fei Kuai calmed his mind and activated his immortal killer move.


 Light path immortal killer move — Saw Light Wheel!


 His two hands, that were above his head, chopped down at once.


 A dazzling wheel of light flew out from Xia Fei Kuai’s palms.


 The wheel of light grew rapidly and soon was the size of a boat.


 The wheel of light was continuously rotating, its edges were filled with sawteeth.


 “Good!” Xia Zhuo Mo inwardly cheered: “The tortoise shells are hard, but this move saws through the target, even if the tortoise shells are very hard, they will still be sliced apart.”


 However, at the next moment.


 Swish swish swish...


 Countless tortoise shells flew over.


 Crack crack crack...


 Under the tortoise shells’ self-destructive charge, the saw light wheel could only fly for a short distance before it was completely destroyed.


 Xia Zhuo Mo: “...”


 Xia Fei Kuai: “...”


 Fang Yuan praised loudly: “Great killer move, this move is extraordinary, it actually destroyed over six thousand of my thoughts.”


 These words were like a slap upon the cheeks of Xia Zhuo Mo and Xia Fei Kuai.


 Xia Fei Kuai needed a lot of time to prepare for this immortal killer move.


 Normally speaking, the shorter the preparation time for an immortal killer move, the better it was, because if it took longer, it could very easily be disrupted. Once the immortal killer move’s activation was disrupted, there would be backlash which often caused heavy injuries to the Gu Immortal.


 Xia Fei Kuai had used the sparring rule, and was able to safely activate this immortal killer move.


 However!


 As he was activating the immortal killer move, Fang Yuan was also doing the same.


 Xia Fei Kuai activated saw light wheel.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan could create thirty-forty thousand small tortoise shell thoughts.


 The outcome was obvious, the saw light wheel was besieged and destroyed by over six thousand small tortoise shell thoughts.


 Even a fool could compute the numbers here.


 The method which Xia Fei Kuai had placed his hopes in had ended up like this...


 This was so embarrassing!



***
Chapter 1311 - Xia Clan Retreats


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Damn it!” Xia Fei Kuai gritted his teeth.


 He had taken such efforts to activate saw light wheel, but now it seemed like a joke.


 The small tortoise shell-like thoughts were still proliferating.


 Fifty thousand, sixty thousand...


 Their numbers were increasing rapidly, not only covering the valley, they were even spreading beyond.


 Among the dense number of small tortoise shells, some were floating in the air while some were leisurely revolving. In the middle was Fang Yuan’s divination tortoise transformation, with its huge body that was like an iron hill.


 “I can’t let it continue like this!” Xia Fei Kuai was feeling an increasing sense of urgency.


 “The speed of growth is too fast. No wonder Wu Yi Hai set this sparring rule, but Lord Xia Fei Kuai still has abilities yet to be used, the outcome of this battle is not certain yet.” Xia Zhuo Mo thought, looking at Xia Fei Kuai with anticipation.


 Xia Fei Kuai was already preparing his killer move.


 Countless Gu worm auras rose and surged outwards.


 An arrogant look flashed past his eyes as he looked down at the divination tortoise.


 “No matter how numerous, they are only thoughts, what can they do?”


 “Take this — Thirty-three Heavenly Lights!”


 “Let me see how many layers of heavenly lights can your thoughts stop?”


 Immortal killer move — Thirty-three Heavenly Lights!


 It was one of the trump cards of Xia Fei Kuai and was renowned throughout Southern Border.


 “Is he using it? Lord Xia Fei Kuai’s area-of-effect method!” Xia Zhuo Mo was inwardly excited.


 This killer move was quite amazing.


 Once activated, from Xia Fei Kuai at the center, intense light would shoot out to the surroundings.


 Under the illumination of the light, all things would receive light path injuries.


 Intense lights would continue to flicker thirty-three times, with the illumination range continuing to increase. They were like lights descending from heaven, therefore it was called thirty-three heavenly lights.


 At the first flicker, the heavenly light’s damage was not high, it could at most only kill some insects.


 But by the second flicker, its damage would increase and it could destroy plants and flowers.


 By the third flicker, birds and animals would die when exposed to the light.


 By the fourth flicker, large trees would be destroyed and boulders would crumble.


 The fifth flicker, sixth flicker....


 Like this, the power of the light would continue growing, until it threatened even desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 The small tortoise shell thoughts were hard, but they simply could not compare to desolate beasts, they would definitely be destroyed by the thirty-three heavenly lights.


 There was no doubt about it.


 Xia Fei Kuai was taking the easy route by using this move.


 Thirty-three heavenly lights was actually not practical, because once it was activated, the Gu Immortal had to stop moving, if they budged even a little, the killer move would immediately stop.


 Xia Fei Kuai would even suffer backlash.


 Naturally, the level of backlash also had differences.


 If the killer move was stopped before the tenth flicker, Xia Fei Kuai would suffer light injuries, stopping in-between the tenth to twenty-third flicker would inflict medium injuries, and stopping after the twenty-third flicker would cause heavy injuries. After the thirtieth flicker, the backlash would be even stronger, and Xia Fei Kuai might suffer fatal injuries.


 The stronger the immortal killer move, the greater the danger from the backlash once its activation failed.


 Soon, the light burst forth!


 At the first flicker, Fang Yuan’s tortoise shell thoughts remained unmoved.


 Second flicker, the thoughts were still growing and did not seem to stop.


 Third flicker, the thoughts started shaking.


 Forth flicker, some thoughts started to crumble apart by themselves.


 Fifth flicker, hundreds of thoughts collapsed into nothingness.


 Xia Zhuo Mo, who was watching from the side, could not help but smile at this scene.


 This was only the fifth flicker.


 The immortal killer move altogether had thirty-three flickers.


 “But why am I still feeling some unease?” Xia Zhuo Mo pondered.


 Sixth flicker, a thousand thoughts were destroyed, the tortoise shells on the periphery started to show signs of collapse.


 “Seventh flicker, time to deal with you!” Xia Fei Kuai sneered inwardly.


 But, right at this moment.


 Swoosh!


 Seventy-eighty thousand small tortoise shell thoughts suddenly surged towards Fang Yuan like a tide.


 More accurately, they entered his mind.


 The divination tortoise he had transformed into was a wisdom path ancient desolate beast, its mind was incomparably spacious and holding seventy-eighty thousand thoughts was nothing to it.


 “What?” Xia Fei Kuai was stunned.


 Xia Zhuo Mo patted his head as he hatefully exclaimed inwardly: “I finally understand what made me uneasy! These small tortoise shells are thoughts in essence, since they are thoughts, the Gu Immortal can store them back inside their mind.”


 As a result, the seventy-eight thousand thoughts that filled the valley had completely disappeared and withdrawn into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Only an enormous divination tortoise was left, quietly lying on the ground.


 In the air, Xia Fei Kuai’s immortal killer move still continued.


 Seventh flicker!


 Eight flicker.


 Ninth flicker....


 But there were no thoughts, there was no meaning to these powerful lights.


 However, the immortal killer move was still in the activation process and could not be carelessly stopped.


 As such, Xia Fei Kuai could only continue to activate the killer move. Tenth flicker, eleventh, twelfth....


 It was an extremely awkward situation.


 After the thirty-third flicker, Xia Fei Kuai had spent a large amount of immortal essence, while the divination tortoise hid inside its shell, motionless on the ground.


 The mountain valley he was inside had now been turned into a flat land.


 Thirty-three heavenly lights was indeed powerful, it forcefully changed a vast surrounding area into a flat plain. The hills from before were completely gone.


 “This killer move is truly powerful.” Fang Yuan did not stint on his praise.


 While speaking, he stretched out his head, tail and limbs from inside the shell.


 These parts were not as strong as the tortoise shell, so during the stronger flickers, Fang Yuan hid inside, suffering no injuries.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s praise, Xia Fei Kuai immediately felt incomparably stifled.


 “Too shameless!” Xia Zhuo Mo gritted his teeth, looking at Fang Yuan hatefully.


 This was especially the case when he saw over a hundred thousand small tortoise shell thoughts surge out of Fang Yuan’s mind and spread out, surrounding the divination tortoise. The hatred and fury in his eyes deepened by several degrees.


 “How are we supposed to break his defense?” The two Gu Immortals of Xia clan were pondering over this difficulty.


 “You have used three moves.” Fang Yuan indifferently reminded.


 Xia Fei Kuai shouted: “Then take my following move!!”


 As he said so, he turned into a ray of light and pounced forward, attacking the divination tortoise from all directions. Countless tortoise shell thoughts were destroyed as they moved to defend him.


 But Xia Fei Kuai displayed an expert’s demeanor, he moved back and forth around the thoughts, and could not be stopped.


 Fang Yuan saw that Xia Fei Kuai was serious and going at full force, he withdrew his head, tail and limbs back inside the shell.


 Xia Fei Kuai was stifled.


 This Wu Yi Hai was too wretched, leaving behind only the shell for him to target. A gigantic tortoise shell on the ground and countless small tortoise shells in the air, Xia Fei Kuai was increasingly beginning to feel hatred for tortoise shells.


 The tenth move was over, Xia Fei Kuai’s efforts gave no result, while only some slight injury marks had appeared on Fang Yuan’s tortoise shell.


 “You win this time.” Xia Fei Kuai directly left the scene with this sentence, flying into the sky.


 Xia Zhuo Mo, who was left behind, sighed, he had to clear the mess; at least, he had to take away that Gu Master Zhang.


 “Five years. After five years, I will have to come back and find you.” Xia Zhuo Mo also left, feeling somewhat indignant.



***
Chapter 1312 - Ransacking Frosty Peak


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals lost the spar and left without making a fuss.


 Fang Yuan stopped his transformation and returned to human form, returning to Frosty Peak.


 The mortal Gu house at Frosty Peak was taken away, now only a snowy mountain remained with cold air emanating everywhere.


 Fang Yuan sighed softly.


 His heart was calm, like a well without a ripple. Victories were not worth him treasuring and bragging. The so-called sense of glory had already left him long ago.


 “For such an easy victory to have happened, it is because I had the advantage.”


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 The two Xia clan Gu Immortals did not know Fang Yuan’s strength, they could only estimate it. On the contrary, Fang Yuan knew a lot about them. Whether it be their killer moves, temperament or so on, he was thoroughly aware of them with the information from Wu clan.


 One could see how important information was in a battle between Gu Immortals!


 In fact, Fang Yuan’s spar with the Xia clan Gu Immortals was like Immortal Yan Huang defeating Wu Yu Bo.


 Both won due to better intel.


 Wu Yu Bo was powerful, but his trump card killer move was seen through by others, as a result, one careless move and all was lost.


 Fang Yuan had even more information, he advanced step by step through his layers of planning, finally making the Xia clan Gu Immortals retreat.


 “Immortal killer move vajra shell is quite effective. But it won’t be easy to have such a good result in the future.”


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals would definitely compile their experiences and insights to think of a way to restrict or even decipher and counter vajra shell.


 Deciphering and countering was difficult, but creating a restrictive method was often easy.


 “Wu Yi Hai will also become more famous.”


 “This divination tortoise transformation and immortal killer move vajra shell are quite remarkable. But once I use them a lot of times, there is a high chance someone will find a way to restrict or even nullify it.”


 “Actually, the same applies to reverse flow protection seal, after the battle in Northern Plains, it is definitely being analyzed by the ten great ancient sects, Longevity Heaven, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and others. I should be somewhat careful the next time I use it, especially against these people.”


 Fang Yuan was vigilant.


 Wu Yu Bo was a clear example to him.


 It was not easy to create an immortal killer move, but a powerful immortal killer move could not remain stagnant, it needed to be advanced and modified along with time, as such, when others use restrictive measures or even fully resolved your killer move, you could effectively face them.


 But modifying and advancing an immortal killer move was naturally also a difficult matter.


 Other than a burst of inspiration, what was truly put to test was the Gu Immortal’s attainment level.


 “And the best way to raise one’s attainment level is through dream realms.” Fang Yuan’s thoughts could not help but turn towards that giant dream realm again.


 Because of the widespread emergence of dream realms, there were all kinds of characters emerging one after the other during the five regions chaotic war in Fang Yuan’s previous life, creating a great era filled with chaos and disorder.


 “Unfortunately, it has not been long since I joined Wu clan, making a firm request to go to the super Gu formation would be suspicious.”


 “Although the matter of this Frosty Peak has ended, who knows when I can go back to the giant dream realm. It is better to deal with the matters at hand and otherwise go with the flow.”


 Fang Yuan pondered while landing on Frosty Peak.


 This mountain peak was abundant in ice path resources, he still had not properly searched it.


 Fang Yuan had gotten this rare opportunity after chasing away the Xia clan Gu Immortals, he naturally would not give it up.


 Snow filled Frosty Peak and the air was frighteningly cold.


 In the depths of this accumulated snow dwelled large numbers of insects, including many wild Gu worms, as well as cold-resistant vegetation. They mutually formed a balanced ecology.


 “Frost jades.” Fang Yuan soon had harvests.


 A large number of frost jades appeared in his investigative perception.


 These frost jades were hidden below the thick snow, below the rocky ground.


 “Frost jades are only a rank five Gu material, but they have some frost jade essence inside, which is a rank six immortal material.”


 Without any hesitation, Fang Yuan began collecting them!


 Rumble!


 The snow splattered everywhere, revealing the bare surface of the rocky ground.


 Soon, these rocks also flew everywhere and revealed the frost jades hidden in the mountain.


 These frost jades were white, with some green hue mixed within. They released intense frost energy, but naturally they were harmless to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan picked up the frost jades in this area.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not give up the frost jade essence inside, it was just that he did not extract them and they were still inside the center of the giant frost jades.


 Next, Fang Yuan started searching throughout Frosty Peak.


 Enormous frost jades were dug out one after the other. The smallest frost jade was already the size of an elephant, while the bigger ones were the size of large ships.


 Almost every frost jade had frost jade essence inside it.


 Some frost jade essences were bigger, and there were even thousand year frost jade essences, which were rank seven Gu materials.


 It was not that no one had discovered these frost jades, but they were intentionally preserved by Wu clan to maintain the foundation of this Frosty Peak. It was these frost jades that formed the foundation of Frosty Peak, without them, Frosty Peak would not be such a special and remarkable resource point.


 Fang Yuan took away most of the frost jades.


 Not only this, he also plundered many wild Gu worms.


 There was no need to think about Immortal Gu.


 Normally speaking, Frosty Peak could only produce rank six Immortal Gu once in several hundred years to a thousand years.


 If there were really wild Immortal Gu, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals would not have accepted their defeat so easily.


 The majority of these Gu worms were of ice path, there were also some of earth path and water path. Among the ice path Gu worms, most of them were called cold wave Gu.


 This type of Gu worm formed groups and would often roam around in Frosty Peak. Thus, a severe wave of cold would spread out from Frosty Peak.


 This was also the reason for Frosty Peak’s name.


 After he finished plundering, Fang Yuan flew to the air and took a last glance at this Frosty Peak.


 The picturesque Frosty Peak filled with white snow was now filled with pits of different depths, with rocks and debris filling the area.


 Not only was the scenery destroyed, the value of resources in Frosty Peak had dropped by over half, and because of the huge deficit, Frosty Peak’s foundation was greatly damaged.


 “If I use pulling mountain Immortal Gu, I might be able to pull this mountain and store it in my sovereign blessed land.”


 “Unfortunately, I can’t do that at the moment. My identity is Wu Yi Hai, a Wu clan member, I made huge profits this time by embezzlement, this has already reached the limits of the righteous path’s unwritten rules and cannot be continued. If I really pulled the mountain, not to mention exposing my true identity, I definitely cannot justify my actions to Wu clan.”


 Fang Yuan inwardly sighed and did not dwell on this as he flew away rapidly.


 Soon, his figure disappeared in the clouds.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan returned to Wu clan’s headquarters and met Wu Yong.


 “It is all thanks to you, brother, for protecting Frosty Peak for the clan and deterring those thieves.” Wu Yong revealed an appreciative look towards Fang Yuan.


 “You flatter me, it was only a fluke.” Fang Yuan replied modestly.


 “Elder Wu Fa, have you evaluated it? My brother’s contribution was not a simple one, we should think in the perspective of the bigger picture.” Wu Yong turned towards another Wu clan Gu Immortal.


 This Wu clan Gu Immortal had an ordinary appearance but his status was anything but ordinary.


 He was Wu Yong’s trusted aide and was in charge of calculating the rewards and punishments for all the Gu Immortals in the clan.


 Wu Fa spoke with a slight frown: “We have already seen Lord Wu Yi Hai’s bravery. With this battle, lord’s name will definitely spread throughout Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. But if we talk about rewards, on one hand, Lord Wu Yi Hai has not completely settled this problem and only set a five year agreement, on the other hand, Frosty Peak has been viciously plundered, its foundation has been damaged and its value has greatly reduced...”


 “Oh? Such a thing happened to Frosty Peak?” Wu Yong turned towards Fang Yuan with a surprised look.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “I also did not expect Xia clan’s Gu Immortals to be such horrible people!”


 Wu Yong frowned slightly: “Brother, did you personally see Xia clan’s Gu Immortals looting Frosty Peak?”


 “I did not, it is just my guess. Maybe it was other lone cultivators?” Fang Yuan replied with no flaw in his argument.


 Wu Yong nodded and spoke after a brief silence: “Since that is the case, Elder Wu Fa shall make the final decision.”


 Elder Wu Fa calculated for a while before giving a detailed list to Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1313 - Dragon Scale Sea Area


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan took the list and skimmed through it, the list was filled with various kinds of Gu materials, most of them were naturally mortal Gu materials, but there were a few immortal materials as well.


 Fang Yuan was well aware that if he had handed the frost jades, the frost jade essences and so on, the reward would not just be this.


 Wu Yong and Wu Fa were actually acting now, they were not scheming against Fang Yuan, but giving Fang Yuan a way to resolve this issue peacefully.


 Fang Yuan had plundered Frosty Peak, although it did not cross the bottom line, Wu clan would rather have an intact Frosty Peak.


 Fang Yuan, however, seemed to not know this and was silent for a while before he replied: “I wonder if I can exchange these rewards for a mortal Gu material, dragon scale soil?”


 Wu Yong was slightly stumped, and looked at Wu Fa.


 The latter thought briefly and nodded.


 Returning to his home, Fang Yuan continued to cultivate.


 This time, he had obtained a lot of frost jades and frost jade essence, Fang Yuan might even be able to build a Mini Frosty Peak in Mini Southern Border within his sovereign immortal aperture.


 But this was not the important point.


 The important point was the dragon scale soil.


 This special type of soil was only an ordinary Gu material, grainy and tough. If a layer of dragon scale soil was viewed from afar, it would resemble overlapping dragon scales.


 Dragon scale soil was the soil that dragon type desolate beasts, ancient desolate dragons, or even immemorial desolate dragons lived on, thus it had the aura of dragons.


 Fang Yuan had purchased this soil before, because this soil gave his dragonfish greater impulse to propagate.


 Right now, he did not take the other rewards, instead exchanging them for this Gu material because he had the same idea.


 “The rate of time in the sovereign immortal aperture has slowed down by many times, this has led to a huge decrease in the production of resources.”


 “I don’t have enough immortal essence reserves currently, the same goes for immortal essence stones, but the pressure in this aspect can be relieved if I expand the scale of my resource production.”


 After Fang Yuan thought over it, he set dragonfish as the first resource point to be expanded.


 Desolate beast dragonfish as well as ordinary dragonfish were always traded in huge numbers in treasure yellow heaven.


 Dragonfish seemed to be a product of food path, they could be used as supplementary ingredients to feed many Gu worms.


 Not every Gu Immortal possessed Immortal Gu.


 But every super force would purchase large numbers of dragonfish at set intervals of time.


 The dragonfish trade was one of the largest markets in treasure yellow heaven.


 During the following period of time, Fang Yuan would mainly concentrate on creating a sea area.


 Currently, Mini Eastern Sea of the sovereign immortal aperture was no longer filled with shallow pools and lakes like before. Because Fang Yuan had annexed large numbers of water path immortal apertures, Mini Eastern Sea was filled with raging waves, although the water level was not deep, it was a boundless aquatic expanse.


 There were almost no islands, and sea areas themselves were indistinguishable.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was to construct a dragon scale sea area.


 A man-made sea area!


 This was not Fang Yuan’s innovation or creation. In fact, there were many Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world creating man-made sea areas.


 On the current ranking list for Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, many famous sea areas were man-made, built step by step.


 Of course, the naturally formed sea areas still held most of the positions in the ranking.


 Constructing a sea area artificially was not easy.


 Fang Yuan spent a large amount of time and energy to lay out the dragon scale soil, then he constructed a mortal Gu formation in that area and used the Gu formation’s power to isolate this sea area and make it a special sea area.


 Then, he led his dragonfish group to this sea area.


 The dragonfish group was indeed more satisfied in this sea area, and there was a lot more mating.


 However, this was not enough.


 Next, Fang Yuan started to prepared an immortal killer move — Bountiful Year!


 This immortal killer move came from Hei Fan’s true inheritance, but as a matter of fact, Hei Fan did not create it, he had traded for it with a Gu Immortal great expert named Pill Immortal.


 He created this immortal killer move, and Hei Fan had exchanged for it with other resources.


 This was a quite rare killer move, as it was an immortal killer move that was specially used to manage the immortal aperture and did not have any offensive ability.


 But its practicality was extremely high, even Hei Fan had left words of praise towards this immortal killer move in his true inheritance.


 Gu worms rose one after the other, a mysterious aura swelled up and gradually thickened.


 The bountiful year Fang Yuan was using right now had gone through some modifications.


 The original bountiful year’s core Immortal Gu was year Gu, with tens of thousands of supplementary Gu worms. But now, Fang Yuan had obtained a rank seven Immortal Gu – Perseverance, and he ingeniously added perseverance Immortal Gu into the killer move as the first supplementary Gu worm.


 More than ten days later, bountiful year was fully activated.


 A mysterious power spread throughout the whole dragon scale sea area, but its effects would take some time to be seen.


 “Even Hei Fan required two to three days of time to activate the original bountiful year. This is already quite long. After I modified it by adding in perseverance Immortal Gu,the time required has become even longer, approaching half a month. Fortunately, the activation succeeded and there was no backlash.”


 Fang Yuan constantly reflected on his experiences.


 “My time path attainment level is still ordinary, I was barely able to add in perseverance Immortal Gu. This is the main reason for the enormous extension of time.”


 The shorter the activation of an immortal killer move, the simpler the process, the higher the probability of the killer move’s successful activation. And, as far as Gu Immortals were concerned, it was safer.


 However, Fang Yuan’s action had more advantages than disadvantages.


 With perseverance Immortal Gu’s support, the duration of bountiful year’s effect had doubled!


 The original bountiful year could only influence the immortal aperture for a year. But now, a single activation from Fang Yuan could last for two years. This had also covertly saved Fang Yuan a portion of red date immortal essence.


 “There is still plenty of room for improvement in bountiful year. Adding in perseverance Immortal Gu along with day Immortal Gu could raise bountiful year’s effect. But, with my current attainment level in time path, I have reached my limit. Forget it!”


 The matter was settled, this construction was Fang Yuan’s first big project.


 Right now, in Mini Eastern Sea, the first special sea area — dragon scale sea area, had completely formed.


 Large numbers of dragonfish lived here, and there were one or two extremely conspicuous desolate beast dragonfish among the dragonfish group.


 Bountiful year’s effect did not just cover the dragon scale sea area, it also included a vast range of this sea area’s surroundings.


 According to what was written in Hei Fan’s true inheritance: The expenditure of immortal essence to activate bountiful year was huge, but for the next year, starting right from the moment of successful activation of the killer move, all of the resources inside the immortal aperture would be produced at a higher rate!


 However, the result was not like this.


 Fang Yuan’s bountiful year’s effect only covered a portion of Mini Eastern Sea.


 On one hand, this was because Fang Yuan had added perseverance Immortal Gu, which reduced the effective range of the killer move. On the other hand, the sovereign immortal aperture was simply too vast, wanting bountiful year to cover the whole sovereign immortal aperture was no different to a fairy tale.


 From dragon scale lake to dragon scale sea, this was an enormous leap, and its significant was profound.


 But after this project, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence stones and immortal essence reserves were almost dried up.


 To be safe, Fang Yuan began to sell all the unnecessary resources in his possession.


 Like the frost jades and frost jade essences he had plundered in Frosty Peak, as well as large numbers of ice path mortal Gu.


 Where there are gains, there are losses. His current management focus was on dragonfish.


 After selling some resources, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he used a portion of the gains to buy many dragonfish from treasure yellow heaven.


 He placed these dragonfish in dragon scale sea area.


 One could say he was staking a lot on this project.


 No doubt, this had some risks. But if he went at it safely, the efficiency would be lower. Moreover, he was in a safe and stable environment right now, so Fang Yuan chose to be slightly aggressive and took bigger steps.


 But like this, because his immortal essence reserves had become scarce, Fang Yuan appeared to have his hands tied, not being able to casually cultivate, comprehend, train any immortal killer moves and so on.


 Days seemed to pass with difficulty.


 After half a month, the first batch of dragonfish was sold, the situation began to turn for the better.


 After over a month, Fang Yuan sold the second batch of dragonfish directly to Wu clan!


 “Who could have thought you would be so proficient in managing dragonfish!” Even Wu Yong was slightly surprised.


 Wu clan did transactions of dragonfish to begin with, but previously, they had to buy from outside, now, they could be considered internal sales.


 Besides Wu clan, there were also Qiao clan and some other super forces which had close relations with Wu clan.


 Fang Yuan’s third batch of dragonfish was sold.


 Because of his identity as Wu Yi Hai and the low price, Fang Yuan’s dragonfish smoothly entered the market of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 After the third batch of dragonfish was sold, Fang Yuan’s situation had turned a lot better, his immortal essence reserves were expanding bit by bit. Fang Yuan was out of his financial predicament, and started to continue his cultivation with a brand new stance.



***
Chapter 1314 - Purchasing Divine Deer Fruits


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Wu clan.


 In a secret cultivation room, Fang Yuan was floating in the air, his expression solemn.


 His long hair was fluttering in the air, and all kinds of Gu worm auras rose from his body, mixing with each other.


 “The crucial step...” Fang Yuan mumbled, his gaze turning sharp.


 He carefully activated a mortal Gu.


 This was a metal path mortal Gu and was only rank one.


 Activating just this Gu alone naturally had no risks. But the situation now was different.


 Bam.


 A muffled sound spread from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook violently like he had been electrocuted, his expression was pale and a trace of blood flowed out from the corners of his lips.


 “I failed again.” He heaved a long sigh.


 He landed on the ground and held his chest while checking his injuries.


 “Fortunately, I only used a rank one mortal Gu, these injuries are not much of a problem and there is no need to use Man as Before. I will recover in a couple of days with the sovereign immortal body’s recovery speed.”


 Fang Yuan was attempting to further improve the killer move vajra shell.


 Immortal killer move vajra shell used rank six Vajra Thought as a core. Fang Yuan had relied on this killer move and strategy to defeat Xia clan’s Gu Immortal, Xia Fei Kuai.


 After the matter, Fang Yuan had felt this killer move was still not satisfying enough and still had room for improvement.


 Fang Yuan paid attention to this feeling.


 He knew his wisdom path and transformation path were both at grandmaster level, such a feeling did not emerge from nowhere and had great value to him.


 “Unfortunately, although I have made some progress over these days, there have been little to no results. It seems my attainment level is still not enough, I can only let it be for now.”


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


 In fact, his speed of progress was extremely remarkable compared to other Gu Immortals.


 In the past, Vicious Lightning Fiend had used up several years to deduce the immortal killer move lightning deity. He was not even at ten percent of Fang Yuan’s current speed.


 However, it was also a wise choice for Fang Yuan to give up.


 Because he had a way to rapidly raise his attainment, as long as he raised his attainment levels, he could improve the killer move vajra shell at once.


 After Fang Yuan’s transactions of dragonfish, his financial condition had improved, and as such, he had spare energy to try modifying immortal killer moves.


 Deducing an immortal killer move was actually very resource consuming. For instance, if the attempt failed, Gu Immortal could suffer backlash and be injured. Gu worms would also be destroyed and would need to be replenished. And if Immortal Gu were damaged, that would be even more troublesome.


 But if the attainment level was enough, the killer move could be improved at once, saving large amounts of time, effort and resources.


 Fang Yuan’s attainment level barely met the requirements of improving vajra shell, although he could improve it, he would have to pay quite a heavy price.


 He thought it over and resolutely gave up on this small project.


 After resting for a while, Fang Yuan activated his Gu worms and sent his divine sense into treasure yellow heaven.


 Inside treasure yellow heaven, his divine sense moved nimbly and reached a Gu Immortal’s will to converse.


 “I will pay one thousand three hundred immortal essence stones for all your divine deer fruits.” Fang Yuan spoke.


 This Gu Immortal will’s shook its head and said helplessly: “The price I quoted is already low. You have already come here three times, if you really want to buy, add two hundred immortal essence stones and you can take them away.”


 Divine deer fruits were rank six immortal material.


 It was not a rare Gu material, but there were few people who sold it because there was not much demand for it.


 Fang Yuan, however, needed it to feed vajra thought Immortal Gu.


 He had obtained vajra thought Immortal Gu and had to solve its feeding problem.


 Fang Yuan did not reply, instead, he sized up the products.


 The divine deer fruits in this stall were of good quality, Fang Yuan had strolled several times around treasure yellow heaven and had found the divine deer fruits here were of top quality.


 The price was also quite reasonable.


 Thus, he had visited this stall several times.


 Divine deer fruits were about the size of a baby’s fist and did not grow on trees or plants, instead growing on the antlers of a type of deer desolate beast, fruit deer.


 It was a deer that bore fruit.


 Fang Yuan had already inquired about the specific name of this desolate beast, and also saw them being sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 However, even if he bought a batch of them, the number of divine deer fruits they could produce was a question that needed to be explored.


 Any resource had its own cultivation methods.


 For instance, Fang Yuan’s dragonfish production was not a result of casual attempts, but was from the insights and experiences of Dong Fang tribe.


 This was the accumulation of a super tribe. As a result, Fang Yuan’s dragonfish were of the best quality, and the production was also smooth, giving higher profits while requiring slightly lower capital.


 “I should just buy a portion of divine deer fruits for now to deal with the first feeding of vajra thought Immortal Gu.”


 “When I have sufficient funds in the future, I can consider how to raise fruit deers and be able to be self-sufficiently provide for vajra thought Immortal Gu.”


 “As for whether I can turn this divine deer fruit’s production into another source of income, that would depend on future opportunities.”


 Fang Yuan pondered while communicating with that Gu Immortal will: “Then, let me check again.”


 But at this time, the Gu Immortal will in front of Fang Yuan suddenly shook and spoke: “My main body’s divine sense has entered, he says he can discuss the price with you. You should talk it out between yourselves.”


 Saying this, the Gu Immortal’s will took a back seat.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 He was waiting for this situation.


 The Gu Immortal who was selling the divine deer fruits had left the divine deer fruits in treasure yellow heaven and also left a will to look after them.


 But although this will could think and communicate, it had to strictly abide by the bottom-line price set by its main body, and this was not negotiable.


 But now that the Gu Immortal’s divine sense had come over, Fang Yuan could properly communicate with him about many things.


 There were many contents up for discussion.


 “I want the divine deer fruits to feed Immortal Gu.”


 “If we can reach a consensus, this absolutely won’t be the last transaction.”


 “How about it? I will offer one thousand three hundred immortal essence stones.”


 Fang Yuan started to negotiate.


 The Gu Immortal hesitated: “This is our first interaction, how can I believe you based on just empty promises? Hehehe, forget it, we can reach a deal for one thousand four hundred immortal essence stones.”


 “Once we have transacted three times like this, the price can be lowered to one thousand three hundred. What do you think?”


 Clearly, this Gu Immortal was not foolish and was quite astute.


 Fang Yuan refused: “If I had ample funds, I would not be haggling with you like this. How about one thousand three hundred and fifty?”


 That Gu Immortal forced a smile: “Alright. If not for my urgent need for funds and the fact that these divine deer fruits are selling slowly, I would not have agreed to your price.”


 One gave the money and the other handed the goods.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief after the transaction was completed. The feeding problem of vajra thought Immortal Gu was settled for the moment.


 Now, it was divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu’s turn.


 This Immortal Gu fed on kelp.


 Naturally, it was not common kelp, but ancient ink kelp, which was a rank six immortal material.


 This kelp was complete black like ink, and when its skin was torn, it would dye the surrounding water into pitch-black ink.


 Fang Yuan was currently short on funds, so he intended to purchase and store some ancient ink kelps to feed divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu.


 He would consider more in the future.


 In the aspect of food, day Immortal Gu was much more pleasant. Because it fed on the water of the River of Time, there was no need to think about obtaining its food.


 In comparison to divine deer fruits, there were many more sellers of ancient ink kelps in treasure yellow heaven.


 But Fang Yuan was not able to make a deal with any of them.


 The issue was the price.


 But he was not in a hurry, there was still some time left before the next feeding of divination tortoise shell Immortal Gu.


 “Fortunately, dragon scale sea area’s construction is finished, as long as it continues to develop like this, I will have plenty of funds in the future.”


 “Next is the construction of coiling thread caves to produce regretful spiders on a large scale.”


 Fang Yuan had considered it, the market for regretful spiders was huge, especially over in Western Desert. Although the demand was not as large as dragonfish, it was still a lot.


 But for the moment, Fang Yuan was tight on funds and needed some time to accumulate his wealth before he could start this project.


 “According to this situation, I estimate that it will be over a month before I am able to gather the first sum of funds and start on the construction of coiling thread caves.”


 “Hopefully, Wu clan would have stabilized by then and would let me return to the giant dream realm.”


 Wu Yi Hai’s identity restricted Fang Yuan’s freedom. Especially under the current situation of Wu clan, it was not good for him to voice out his intention.


 Over the course of this month, Wu Yong had led Wu clan to deal with the problems created by the various super forces. There were losses and gains, Wu clan’s prestige sank, but in truth, there was not much damage to their benefits.


 Thus, this situation was still continuing.


 Wu Yong wanted to regain their reputation, while other super forces were not satisfied and wanted to seize some material benefits.


 The confrontation between righteous path forces was different from the demonic path.


 Confrontations in the demonic path were fierce and violent, while righteous path confrontations were light like drizzle and often lasted for a long time. Especially when it was a confrontation between super forces with huge assets, it was difficult for them to fight against each other without reservations, they would not fight to the death.


 Fang Yuan’s idle cultivation lifestyle did not last for long.


 Some days later, he received another task from Wu Yong.


 “Mount Snail? Mountain Moving Old Monster?”


 Fang Yuan’s brows slowly started to furrow.


 It was not that he did not have the confidence to complete this task, but the current trend of situations was not looking good.


 Previously, though Fang Yuan had resolved Frosty Peak’s matter, he had in fact withheld his strength and methods, obtaining a barely passable result. He had only created an agreement of five years and had plundered the resources of Frosty Peak.


 Although this was an unwritten rule of the righteous path, he had touched the bottom-line.


 This was naturally Fang Yuan’s intent, to leave a bad impression on Wu Yong. Higher-ups did not like using such people, and if they sent Fang Yuan away to the super Gu formation earlier, it would match Fang Yuan’s wish.


 But Wu clan was indeed short on manpower at present, while its territory was too large. A matter concerning Mount Snail had happened suddenly, Wu Yong had no choice but to use Fang Yuan to deal with this problem.



***
Chapter 1315 - Convincing Old Monster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Light rain was drizzling on a range of verdant mountains.


 Fang Yuan wore a blue robe, and was gazing at these grand rivers and mountains from atop a rock, before his gaze finally settled on a mountain.


 This mountain was rather special.


 The mountain peaks beside it were either tall or short, steep or slanted.


 But this mountain was round in shape.


 This was Mount Snail.


 Or it could be considered a snail mountain.


 It was an immemorial desolate beast! It was an enormous river snail with a tall, tower-like spiral shell drenched with green moss.


 When it stayed still, its body would hide in the shell, looking like a towering mountain.


 Right now, it was awake and was slowly moving.


 Rumble...


 As it moved, all the surroundings quaked slightly, birds and beasts fled in disorder.


 Fang Yuan was calmly looking at the movement of this immemorial desolate beast, Mount Snail, from another mountain peak.


 Its speed was slow.


 Mount Snail might be an immemorial desolate beast, but its temperament was simple and mild, it was hard to anger it, it could even be said to be harmless.


 Not only harmless, it also provided benefits.


 Because Mount Snail’s body was full of enslavement path and earth path dao marks, which created a special environment around it that would spawn many enslavement path and earth path resources.


 Mount Snail’s ownership had all the while been an unsettled issue.


 Few Gu Immortals could control Mount Snail, it was very difficult for even rank eight enslavement path Gu Immortals.


 Because Mount Snail itself was full of enslavement path dao marks.


 There were already seven known Mount Snails in Southern Border. Long ago, Southern Border’s super forces had set an agreement: As long as these Mount Snails were not controlled by anyone, that is to say, they were wild Mount Snails, they would be considered as a resource of the clan whose territory it was staying in.


 This Mount Snail was originally living in Wu clan’s territory, naturally it belonged to Wu clan.


 There was no doubt about this.


 But now, it was time for the Mount Snail’s migration, it was currently leaving Wu clan’s territory for other territories.


 Mount Snail’s original location was at the periphery of Wu clan’s territory.


 In fact, during Wu Du Xiu’s time, Wu clan had intentionally expanded their territory to include this Mount Snail.


 Currently, Mount Snail was leaving Wu clan’s territory, but the place it was going to did not have other righteous path super forces.


 This also meant this Mount Snail was going to become wild again.


 Wu Yong naturally did not want to see such a situation happening, and under the situation where he did not have enough manpower, without other options, he could only assign this task to his younger brother, Wu Yi Hai.


 “Wu Yi Hai? I am Qin Jin Sheng, I am also called Mountain Moving Old Monster.” A Gu Immortal flew over from another mountain peak. 

 Fang Yuan gazed at the Gu Immortal.


 This old Gu Immortal was adorned in a suit of rocky grey armor, his hair was a mix of black and white, looking messy like straws. He looked slovenly, with the corners of his clothes being in shreds.


 But the rank seven aura he gave out was majestic and forceful, especially his eyes which shone with sharp light. Right now, as he looked at Fang Yuan, it was like a senior sizing up a junior.


 “It is me indeed, Wu Yi Hai, I greet Senior Mountain Moving.” Fang Yuan bowed slightly, his greeting had the style of the righteous path.


 This Mountain Moving Old Monster’s title had ‘old’ in it, it naturally was because he was an old veteran, an old senior, having lived for over two thousand years.


 He had lifespan Gu and also had unique lifespan extension methods.


 His battle strength was also very high and he was a famous expert among lone immortals, almost at the level of Old Treeman Ba De and Wu clan’s Wu Yu Bo.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals like Xia Fei Kuai could not compare to Mountain Moving Old Monster.


 Thus, when Mountain Moving Old Monster sized up Fang Yuan, he was not humble and treated himself as a senior, even if Fang Yuan came from Wu clan.


 “Hehehe, considering the time, it was time your Wu clan sent someone as well. Let’s sit and talk.” Mountain Moving Old Monster laughed and sat on a rock.


 Fang Yuan smiled and also sat down.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster saw that Fang Yuan had no objection to sitting on a rock and also did not have a high-and-mighty attitude, his impression of Fang Yuan improved: “I almost forgot you were a lone cultivator, although you have joined Wu clan, you don’t have the hypocritical attitude of those righteous path members.”


 Fang Yuan slightly shook his head: “The righteous path has to act like the righteous path, as for me, I spent most of my time as a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, these habits cannot be changed.”


 “Hahaha.” Mountain Moving Old Monster laughed heartily, “I hear you chased away the two Gu Immortals from Xia clan, but plundered the resources of Frosty Peak.”


 Fang Yuan revealed a surprised expression: “Senior, these are groundless rumors, I have never stated that.”


 Mountain Moving Old Monster laughed loudly, before heaving a deep sigh: “The righteous path Gu Immortals can’t understand you, but I understand. How difficult is it for us lone cultivators to become an immortal? We have to earn every cultivation resource with our own hands. There won’t be future opportunities, so we need to grasp the present benefits with all our strength. Who knows what will happen in the future?”


 “As for those righteous path Gu Immortals, even if they stay in their homes, plenty of resources are provided to them. How could they understand the pain and difficulties we lone cultivators face?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, he did not praise nor did he retort.


 He knew that Mountain Moving Old Monster’s words were absolutely not just to get close to him, but to express his resolve — he, Mountain Moving Old Monster, was a lone cultivator, and the present benefit in front of him was this Mount Snail. His resolve could not be shaken, and the former lone cultivator, Wu Yi Hai, should be aware of it.


 “I am clear of your intention, senior, but I still have to ask you to have some understanding, I have my own difficulties in coming here.” Fang Yuan spoke.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster snickered: “Everyone has their own difficulties.”


 With age and experience, one’s words would carry deeper meaning.


 Everyone has their own difficulties; not only was it replying to Fang Yuan’s words, it also meant he, himself, had his own difficulties, and more importantly, it was also indicating that Wu clan was currently in a difficult situation.


 Fang Yuan did not speak anymore.


 Sometimes, silence was a tactic which could be used in a confrontation between words.


 Sure enough, Mountain Moving Old Monster could not sit still and handed an information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan: “Take a look at it.”


 The contents listed in this mortal Gu had high value. If Fang Yuan obtained them, he could directly construct coiling thread caves!


 “We will cooperate, I will take Mount Snail and you will get these, what do you think?” Mountain Moving Old Monster smiled.


 He was actually trying to bribe Fang Yuan!


 But this was not strange.


 Instead, it fell within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster was a lone cultivator, and from his point of view, he naturally did not want to offend the number one righteous path super force, Wu clan. Despite Wu clan currently being in a predicament, such a colossal force was not something Mountain Moving Old Monster could threaten by himself.


 More importantly, if Mountain Moving Old Monster obtained this Mount Snail, he would no longer be a person who could freely move.


 Mount Snail could not be stored inside an immortal aperture, unless it was completely subdued.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster was an earth path Gu Immortal, he clearly did not have such attainment. Like this, he would become the ‘owner’ of this Mount Snail, and would have to defend it if someone attacked it in the future.


 If he offended Wu clan, Wu clan’s Gu Immortals would attack in waves, how could he defend against them by himself?


 Even if he could defend once, what about the second time, the third time?


 Even if he was able to defend against them all, there would be losses in battle. Would Mountain Moving Old Monster still have time to cultivate if he were to be disturbed repeatedly?


 As such, there was only one option in front of Mountain Moving Old Monster.


 That was to negotiate with Wu clan.


 Wu clan did not want to let go of this Mount Snail, but even the large Wu clan was an organization formed by its clansmen. And so long as it was an organization, it could not be an airtight fortress, there would naturally be chinks in the armor.


 Wu Yi Hai’s arrival gave even greater hope to Mountain Moving Old Monster.


 “Senior, you want to use these to exchange for an immemorial desolate beast?” Fang Yuan held the information path mortal Gu and said with a faint smile.


 “The resources inside are very valuable! This Mount Snail might be an immemorial desolate beast, but who can control it? If I become its owner, I will also only be taking the resources produced by it. Naturally, we can talk if you have any conditions.” Mountain Moving Old Monster’s eyes glimmered brightly, his attitude turning much warmer.


 Since Fang Yuan had not directly refused, Mountain Moving Old Monster cheered inwardly and had much higher hope.


 “The contents inside this list needs to be doubled at least.” This was Fang Yuan’s first condition.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster immediately frowned.


 “Mount Snail cannot be yours in name, it will still belong to Wu clan.” This was Fang Yuan’s second condition.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster’s eyes opened wide, his warm expression suddenly changing to that of anger.


 “But in truth, senior, you will be this mountain’s owner, the benefits will mostly go to you, but you need to hand over a portion of the resources to our Wu clan every year.” This was Fang Yuan’s third condition.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster began to sneer, his expression had turned dark: “Wu Yi Hai, are you playing with me?”


 “Of course not.” Fang Yuan had a sober expression, he stood up and looked at Mountain Moving Old Monster’s eyes with no fear: “Senior, may I ask three questions?”


 Mountain Moving Old Monster barely restrained his anger: “Speak.”


 “Senior, first, you are a lone person not affiliated with any super force, how could my Wu clan leave Mount Snail in your hands? It would be alright if it were a super force, but letting a lone cultivator take benefits would negatively affect my Wu clan’s prestige.”


 “Second, even if you can take possession of this Mount Snail for the moment, how long can you defend it? Even if my Wu clan doesn’t interfere with you, what about the other super forces?”


 “Third, senior, do you think that by only bribing me, the whole of Wu clan will simply watch from the sidelines?”


 Mountain Moving Old Monster fell into silence.


 After a long while, he sighed and spoke with a hoarse voice: “Then if we go with your idea, wouldn’t I become the guard for your Wu clan’s mountain?”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “It is just some insignificant reputation. How could everything go perfectly? The conditions I mentioned are actually not excessive, it is because I considered how I was also once a lone cultivator. The question is, do you want face or real benefits, please consider it properly.”


 Mountain Moving Old Monster fell into silence.


 This time, the silence lasted an even longer time, only when the light drizzle gradually stopped, he spoke: “Alright, we will go according to your idea.”



***
Chapter 1316 - Moon Festival


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A few days later.


 Looking at Mount Snail loudly moving away, and Mountain Moving Old Monster standing on top of it with an owner’s air, Fang Yuan retracted his gaze and started to leave.


 Mount Snail’s matter had been settled.


 With Fang Yuan as the representative, Wu clan had reached an agreement with Mountain Moving Old Monster. Mountain Moving Old Monster obtained most of the benefits of Mount Snail, but this immemorial desolate beast still belonged to Wu clan in name.


 Wu Yong had assigned Fang Yuan to retain Mount Snail.


 Fang Yuan had retained it, although it was only a portion, it could be considered as completing the task.


 “Mountain Moving Old Monster agreed to my conditions because of Wu clan’s force behind me.”


 “As for Wu Yong, he is currently worn out by dealing with the difficulties created by other super forces. He has no choice but to forcibly acknowledge the resolution of Mount Snail.”


 “Wu clan is in a grave situation at present, as Wu Yong’s brother, I should not idle around outside and must return as quickly as possible.”


 Fang Yuan was thoroughly satisfied with the outcome of this matter.


 He had an explanation to hand to Wu clan, and more importantly, he had reaped many benefits from this task.


 He could already begin the construction of coiling thread caves.


 Because of these resources, Fang Yuan immediately had spare funds to engage in a large scale expansion of his second major resource.


 According to the previous development speed, he would have had to wait more than half a year. And in this duration, there could not be any unexpected mishaps, for instance, intense battle would consume a lot of red date immortal essence. The rate of time in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was slowed down at present, the amount of red date immortal essence he produced was a lot less than before, and Fang Yuan needed to use immortal essence stones to turn them into red date immortal essence.


 Now, his immortal essence was no longer green grape immortal essence, one hundred immortal essence stones were required to turn into one bead of red date immortal essence.


 “I need to arrange the Gu formation to construct the coiling thread caves, I also need rank six immortal material dark soft silk and rank seven immortal material regret water rocks.”


 “With these funds, all this can be completed and it is only a matter of time.”


 “The important thing is, when can I return to the dream realm? Wu Yong’s attitude is the crucial factor!”


 Fang Yuan thought as he moved forward.


 Right as he was on his way back, in the headquarters of Wu clan, two Gu Immortals were currently talking about him, Wu Yi Hai.


 One was Wu clan’s rank eight Gu Immortal, first supreme elder Wu Yong.


 The other was Wu Yong’s trusted aide, Wu Fa.


 “Who could have thought my brother would resolve Mount Snail’s matter so quickly? Elder Wu Fa, as per the clan rules, how should we reward him?” Wu Yong asked.


 Wu Fa was silent for a moment.


 He knew that Wu Yong’s question was not superficial, he was asking about his attitude towards Wu Yi Hai.


 He was testing Wu Fa.


 Because Wu Yi Hai’s identity was special, he and Wu Yong were half-siblings!


 Wu Fa quickly thought and replied: “Lord Wu Yi Hai has a lone cultivator background.”


 One sentence.


 But Wu Yong laughed heartily: “Right, your remark is correct. Yi Hai has a lone cultivator’s disposition, even after returning to the clan, he has not changed and is always thinking of quickly making cash and eyeing up cheap benefits.”


 Wu Fa, however, did not agree: “Frosty Peak and Mount Snail are not small benefits.”


 Wu Yong’s laughter stopped, and a sharp light flashed in his eyes as he nodded: “That is indeed not good, if everyone were to be like this, how would Wu clan continue to exist? But he did not overstep the bottom line and has not left behind any weaknesses that could be exposed.”


 As he said this, Wu Yong sighed and remarked: “He has some ability.”


 How could Wu Fa not realize Wu Yong’s meaning?


 Wu Yong naturally could not be pleased at seeing Fang Yuan use the situation to his advantage.


 But the situation left him no choice, he was lacking manpower and sometimes had no choice but to send Wu Yi Hai to deal with some matters.


 Fang Yuan had also revealed his ability by handling these two matters.


 This ability had obtained Wu Yong’s acknowledgement, so Wu Yong would still continue to use Fang Yuan. But when the time arrives and Wu clan’s situation eases up, Fang Yuan would be cast aside by Wu Yong, to the extent that if Fang Yuan were to leave behind any evidence, Wu Yong would grasp the opportunity and deal a huge blow to Fang Yuan.


 After all, no higher-up would feel comfortable with someone like Fang Yuan, who sought after personal gains.


 Fang Yuan successfully returned to Wu clan.


 He met with Wu Yong and described the whole matter briefly, and obtained a reward from Wu clan once again.


 Fang Yuan chose to exchange for immortal essence stones.


 Naturally, this sum of immortal essence stones could not compare to what he had obtained from Mountain Moving Old Monster, it was far too few.


 Over the following days, Fang Yuan cultivated in peace.


 The construction of the coiling thread caves was slowly progressing. This was his current focus.


 Every set interval of time, Fang Yuan would have to place his immortal aperture to absorb heaven and earth qi, stabilizing the sovereign immortal aperture.


 After all, Reverse Flow River was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was extremely taxing on the immortal aperture.


 This matter was slightly troublesome.


 Fang Yuan could not directly absorb heaven and earth qi, because the amount he absorbed every time was huge and the interval between them was also short.


 As such, Fang Yuan had to search for some immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven, disintegrating them into heaven and earth qi to infuse into himself.


 This no doubt consumed a lot of Fang Yuan’s spare energy and finances, but he would rather do this carefully. This was the only way he could stick around long enough and avoid showing any flaws that could let others expose his identity.


 Days passed by, Fang Yuan started to feel somewhat impatient.


 “The problems on the giant dream realm’s end have already settled down. But Wu Yong does not seem to show any signs of letting me return. Looks like what I was worried about happened after all. Sigh!”


 Fang Yuan sighed.


 In this world, people often had no choice.


 Wu Yong was busy dealing with difficulties from all sides, doing everything to stabilize the situation. If he let Fang Yuan return, and a problem occurred on the super Gu formation’s end, would he not be creating trouble for himself?


 Moreover, Wu Yong saw Fang Yuan had some ability and wanted to continue letting him deal with some problems.


 As for Fang Yuan embezzling resources while doing the tasks, Wu Yong was turning a blind eye to it for now and did not look into it.


 He did not pursue it, but Fang Yuan wanted him to.


 Looking at the reason Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai and entered Wu clan, wasn’t it for the dream realm?


 “It seems I need to make a move.”


 On this day, Fang Yuan left his residence.


 For the policies of higher-ups, there were countermeasures.


 Fang Yuan was an old fox, how could he not have a method to respond to this?


 Around twelve days later, in a pavilion on Yue Hua Mountain, several Gu Immortals were seated around a stone table.


 Warm moonlight flowed down like water.


 Night birds cried out in the lush green hills.


 Soft wind brushed past, the view was beautiful beyond imagination.


 “Today is Southern Border’s yearly moon festival 1 , it is my fortune to enjoy this festival with all our honorable guests.” Qiao Si Liu said with a smile.


 Her voice was beautiful like the soft murmurs of mountain springs, giving a pure feeling.


 Her appearance was even more beautiful, dressed in a pure white brocade dress, along with her exquisite features, it gave a feeling of a fairy from mortal tales.


 “Being able to receive Fairy Si Liu’s invitation to enjoy the moon festival together is my, Luo Mu Zi’s, honor.” A Gu Immortal with the looks of a young man spoke.


 His smile was glowing with enthusiasm, particularly the gaze he had when looked at Qiao Si Liu, it was scorching hot.


 Qiao Si Liu was one of the three publicly recognized top beauties in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, what stood out even more was her background.


 Qiao clan, although affiliated with Wu clan, was also a righteous path super force.


 Among the six Gu Immortals present, there were two women and four men, other than the one couple, Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were pursuers of Qiao Si Liu.


 There were many pursuers of Qiao Si Liu, but being able to receive an invitation to this festival from her showed these two were not at the same level as the rest.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were naturally happy, they came rushing over immediately when they received Qiao Si Liu’s invitation.


 But at this moment, Qiao Si Liu spoke to another male Gu Immortal: “Yi Hai, you said you wanted to integrate yourself into Southern Border, tonight’s moon festival is a custom of Southern Border.”


 “Southern Border has a lot of mountains, separated from each other, but the moon festival is a common custom. Every year, at this time, we will all appreciate the moon.”


 Her eyes were glistening with light, her soft voice and her smiling rosy lips created an extraordinary image.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei immediately frowned, as they rigidly stared at Fang Yuan with eyes that could burst into flames.


 Qiao Si Liu’s differing attitude could be clearly seen by anyone who had eyes, moreover, the seating arrangement had already put Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei in a bad mood.


 Because on the main seat was Qiao Si Liu and on her right seat was Fang Yuan, while to her left was her best friend, Fairy Tian Lu.


 As for the other male Gu Immortals, their seats were arranged quite far away.


 “Moon festival?” Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent, he asked even though he already knew: “Interesting, what do we do besides appreciating the moon?”


 “We drink tea, recite poems, and also dissect rocks.” Qiao Si Liu explained with a smile.


 “Dissect rocks?” Fang Yuan looked puzzled.


 Qiao Si Liu did not reply, instead she handed a cup of fragrant tea to Fang Yuan: “First, please taste my personally brewed tea.”


 Luo Mu Zi almost stood up at this sight!


 Lun Fei’s eyelids twitched violently, wishing he could be in Fang Yuan’s place.


 Fang Yuan took a light sip of the tea and commented: “This tea is not bad.”


 “Only not bad? This is Fairy Si Liu’s renowned willow spiral tea!” Luo Mu Zi almost yelled.


 “Is there something special that I am unaware of?” Fang Yuan looked at Qiao Si Liu.


 Qiao Si Liu met Fang Yuan’s gaze, before her eyes turned and she laughed softly.


 Lun Fei’s heart started beating faster at the fairy’s charming laughter.


 At this moment, Fairy Tian Lu aptly chirped: “This willow spiral tea, if you lightly shake it, a whirlpool will form on the surface of the tea in the appearance of a willow leaf. You will only get the true extraordinary taste of the tea when you drink it at that time.”


 “Oh? So it was like that?” Fang Yuan shook the cup in his hand, and immediately, there was a change on the surface of the tea.


 He drank it then, and felt the fragrance overflow in his mouth, giving him a pleasant aftertaste and satisfaction.


 “Great tea.” Fang Yuan praised.


 “Of course it is a great tea, Fairy Si Liu’s personally brewed tea is not something just anyone can get to drink!” Luo Mu Zi sourly said.


 “To be able to receive your praise, Si Liu’s efforts were not wasted. You should know that you need to spend six hours to make this tea and you cannot be even the slightest bit careless during the whole process.” Fairy Tian Lu said.


 Lun Fei was extremely moved: “It is truly my lifetime’s honor to be able to taste Fairy Si Liu’s personally brewed willow spiral tea tonight!”


 Fairy Tian Lu’s eyebrows immediately rose: “Who said you can taste the willow spiral tea? Si Liu took out some time from her busy schedule to make this one cup.”


 “Ugh.”



***
Chapter 1317 - Tea Competition


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qiao Si Liu only made one cup of willow spiral tea, which was given to Fang Yuan.


 Such a brewing method immediately changed the significance of this cup of willow spiral tea.


 Fang Yuan’s expression slightly changed, showing flattered joy on his face, but his mind was tranquil with no ripples.


 “This is truly a pity. No matter how beautiful you are, without eternal life, you will just be a pile of bones in the end.”


 “Beauty is superficial, but people cannot stop indulging in it.”


 “But this Fairy Tian Lu is indeed Qiao Si Liu’s best friend, their coordination is remarkable.”


 The only cup of brewed tea was given to Fang Yuan by Fairy Si Liu, Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei, who were still thinking of tasting the tea, however, obtained such a reply.


 Their expressions had become quite stiff at this moment.


 Qiao Si Liu smiled: “The willow spiral tea was only a token of goodwill. I have brought bewitching tea for everyone, please have a taste.”


 She waved her silk sleeve, five servings of tea appeared on the table.


 This tea was different from willow spiral tea, it was not in a cup, but in a white porcelain dish.


 At the center of this dish was a fist sized dewdrop.


 This dewdrop was lustrous like a jade, its surface wobbling slightly against the night wind, looking delicate.


 “Bewitching tea is a renowned tea of Qiao clan, to think I could have a taste tonight.” Luo Mu Zi gave himself an excuse, but in fact, his gaze was still fixed on that cup in front of Fang Yuan.


 Lun Fei had already tightly clenched his fists below the table, grinding his teeth as he raised the small porcelain dish and took a sip of the bewitching tea.


 “Good tea.” He exclaimed, but his expression was slightly rigid.


 In fact, bewitching tea was multiple grades higher than willow spiral tea, the latter was only Qiao Si Liu’s creation, while the former was Qiao clan’s signature tea. A super force’s signature tea was naturally more outstanding than the tea created by Qiao Si Liu, a single Gu Immortal.


 However, as far as Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were concerned, they would rather give up a hundred servings of bewitching tea to drink a serving of willow spiral tea.


 “Bewitching tea is really refreshing and has endless aftertaste. Si Liu, how can I take out my aurora tea when you brought out this tea?” Fairy Tian Lu smiled.


 Qiao Si Liu, however, was not the slightest bit polite to this best friend of hers: “Just don’t take it out then, I am already tired of drinking your aurora tea. Right now, I am anticipating Sheng Liu’s drunken flowers tea. It is rumored this tea was a creation from his inspiration when he fell in love at first sight with you. I wonder if I might have the opportunity to taste it today?”


 “I am ashamed, ashamed.” Sheng Liu rubbed his nose, giving a bitter smile, “My drunken flowers tea is a crude creation, it is not exquisite enough for today.”


 Fairy Tian Lu also smiled while covering her mouth: “Si Liu, you are making things difficult for my darling Liu, this won’t do! Only I can drink drunken flowers tea, outsiders can stop dreaming about it.”


 Her face showed pride and love as she said this.


 Gu Immortal Sheng Liu who was beside her, looked lovingly at Fairy Tian Lu, they were already holding their hands below the table.


 Qiao Si Liu gave a deep sigh: “Oh, I wonder when I will meet a person who will create a tea for me?”


 There was a sense of dejectedness in her soft query.


 At this moment, moonlight shone into the pavilion.


 A beauty sighing softly under the moonlight was truly a very loveable sight.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei felt their bodies heating up, Luo Mu Zi even stood up: “Fairy Si Liu, I have a tea which is called nine recollecting fragrances. It is my own creation, fairy, I would like to offer it to you on this auspicious occasion.”


 Not willing to be left behind, Lun Fei also quipped in: “I also have prepared my tea, this is yin-yang tea, there is a clear distinction between yin and yang, fairy, please have a taste.”


 These two Gu Immortals only offered the tea to Qiao Si Liu, just like Qiao Si Liu had given her willow spiral tea to Fang Yuan.


 Qiao Si Liu took a sip of both tea, and said with a smile: “Nine recollecting fragrances is aptly named, the moment the tea enters the mouth, fragrances coil around the tongue. Tasting it carefully, there are actually nine moments when the fragrances intensify, it is really extraordinary.”


 “Haha, fairy, it is not worthy of such praise from you.” Luo Mu Zi laughed heartily, his previous bad mood swept away completely.


 Qiao Si Liu then said to Lun Fei: “Yin-yang tea, although it is not a unique creation, I have heard of it before. There are three levels to brewing this tea. First level is when yin and yang are obscure. Second layer is when yin and yang are separate. Third level is when yin contains yang, and yang contains yin, yin and yang revolving around each other. Lun Fei, your skill can be seen for being able to achieve the second level of brewing this tea, there are probably less than ten people who can achieve that in the whole of Southern Border, worthy of a food path Gu Immortal like you.”


 Tea, wine, delicacies, in this world, they were naturally not ordinary.


 There were countless ways to brew tea. It was not as simple and shallow as putting tea leaves in hot water.


 Like the tea discussed by the immortals in the pavilion: Willow spiral tea, bewitching tea, drunken flowers, nine recollecting fragrances and yin-yang tea, they were all incomplete Gu recipes.


 And when these Gu recipes were completed, and the Gu Immortal brewed tea at that time, they could refine food path Gu worms.


 Food path was one of the many cultivation paths, it was just that it had never flourished. Although it was extremely significant and there was a lot of interests in it, unfortunately, because of historical reasons, there were very few food path inheritances left in the world.


 “This Lun Fei’s main cultivation is actually food path?” Fang Yuan gave Lun Fei a quick glance, feeling slightly surprised inwardly.


 “What is this guy’s origin? I have many Immortal Gu, if I could obtain his food path inheritance, it might be a huge help to me.” Fang Yuan immediately had malicious intent.


 Even if you had no intention to harm others, they might still want to harm you.


 Fang Yuan was somewhat moved.


 His current strength was already among the best below rank eight. When he activated reverse flow protection seal, although his offensive methods were still weaker, he could stand toe to toe with Feng Jiu Ge.


 “I need to first check Lun Fei’s background and see if I can make a move against him or not.”


 “If I can, Wu Yi Hai’s identity must not be implicated!”


 With Wu Yi Hai’s identity, Fang Yuan definitely could not brazenly kill Lun Fei. Because he was a righteous path Gu Immortal Gu, and could not adopt demonic path methods.


 A super force had much more robust strength than a lone immortal, but these forces usually did not lightly offend any Gu Immortal.


 The same went for Wu clan.


 A super force had huge assets and businesses, if a Gu Immortal could not be killed and escaped, they could destroy many resources of the super force and be a huge headache to the super force.


 Wu Yong had this consideration as well when he accepted Fang Yuan’s idea of giving some concessions to Mountain Moving Old Monster in regards to Mount Snail.


 “Hmm... it is better to probe and determine the value of Lun Fei’s inheritance. If it is not high, forget it.”


 “If the value is high and I am to make a move, I need to be absolutely careful to not let his soul self-detonate.”


 There was no need to think about Immortal Gu, they could not be obtained.


 But Fang Yuan could kill Lun Fei and capture his soul, to obtain the food path inheritance by soul searching.


 Fang Yuan had always held food path inheritances in high expectations.


 Unfortunately, due to a lack of fortuitous encounters, he could do nothing about it.


 Since there were no fortuitous encounters, then he had to make a move himself and rob others.


 Fang Yuan did not have any feeling of guilt!


 Many Gu Immortals were particular about not attacking others if others did not attack them.


 However, Fang Yuan was someone who, even if others did not attack him, would go attack them.


 “I brewed this tea over seven days and seven nights, fairy, now being able to receive your praise, it was all worth it.” Lun Fei’s tone was slightly shaking with excitement.


 He then looked at Fang Yuan and said with a hint of challenge: “I wonder what tea Lord Wu Yi Hai is going to show us?”


 He had not even the slightest idea that Fang Yuan was already brewing thoughts of killing him.


 “Eastern Sea is the most plentiful region in terms of resources. Wu Yi Hai has lived in Eastern Sea for many years, any tea he brings out will definitely surpass others and be the top tea.” Luo Mu Zi sat back and spoke with enthusiasm.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 These two were Qiao Si Liu’s pursuers, after realizing Fang Yuan’s ‘threat’, they had tacitly allied to put Fang Yuan in an awkward situation.


 They praised Fang Yuan highly, making it difficult for him to refuse their request.


 Qiao Si Liu slightly frowned.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei’s thoughts were slightly devious. If Wu Yi Hai could not showcase such a tea, the situation would be awkward. Even if he could, his reputation would suffer.


 The reason?


 Because this event was hosted by Qiao Si Liu. Qiao clan’s bewitching tea was the main tea, while other Gu Immortals’ teas were supplementary.


 The guests should not overshadow the host, this was an unwritten rule of the moon festival. Qiao clan might not care about it, but Wu Yi Hai’s reputation would suffer.


 The righteous path was very concerned about reputation!


 Fang Yuan, however, had no hesitation.


 He directly took out five cups of tea and indicated to the others: “Please enjoy.”


 Fairy Tian Lu’s eyes brightened, being the first to pick up a cup: “I am very curious as to what Lord Wu Yi Hai’s tea is like?”


 But the first person to drink the tea was not her, but Lun Fei.


 He looked somewhat hurried.


 This was the best opportunity to knock down his rival, as a food path Gu Immortal, he was proficient in this aspect, how could he not take this opportunity?


 But with just one sip, he immediately frowned and spat it out: “Pshaw, what rotten tea is this?”


 “Awful, too awful.” Luo Mu Zi also took a sip before placing the cup down: “This is the most revolting tea I have ever had in my life, it might even be worse than mortal tea.”


 His tone was extremely impolite, with no hint of respect towards a rival.


 The two had firmly grasped the opportunity to attack Fang Yuan’s reputation.


 Fairy Tian Lu wanted to help mediate the situation, but after drinking it, she gave a helpless smile: “This tea is salty and bitter, it is like seawater.”


 Fang Yuan smiled and unexpectedly admitted: “It is seawater.”


 “What?”


 “You actually brought seawater? Are you trying to shame Fairy Si Liu!”


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei quickly sent verbal attacks.


 The smile on Fang Yuan’s face disappeared, replaced by solemness: “I don’t like to drink tea, if I had to choose, this seawater would be my tea.”


 “You do not understand.”


 “I lived the life of a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, an orphan with no one to rely on and with calamities and tribulations pressuring me at all times.”


 “Every day, I would wake up early and scoop a bowl of salty seawater to drink, this was to remind myself to not slack and continue persevering.”


 The pavilion immediately fell into silence.


 Qiao Si Liu slowly lifted her cup amidst this silence and took a sip, before slowly putting the cup down.


 She smiled, her rosy lips and white teeth seemed brighter than the beautiful moonlight: “This is the most special tea I have had in my life, thank you, Yi Hai. This tea is good, I am truly moved.”


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei fell into silence seeing that the person they loved had responded like this.



***
Chapter 1318 - Story of the Moon Festival


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Are you kidding me! My nine recollecting fragrances cannot even compare to a cup of seawater?” Luo Mu Zi roared inwardly, while maintaining his calm appearance on the surface.


 “Damn! This Wu Yi Hai is playing tricks and pulled a fast one, we are offering tea, yet he offers seawater? He is too shameless! Fairy Si Liu even approved of him, this is too infuriating!” Veins started to bulge in Lun Fei’s clenched fists below the table.


 Fairy Tian Lu quickly calmed the situation: “The moon is high in the sky, since we have already drunk tea, if there are no poems to accompany this festival, it would not be complete.”


 Fang Yuan pretended to not understand: “Are we really going to recite poems?”


 He looked like he had heard it for the first time.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei’s eyes immediately brightened. This was another opportunity!


 Another opportunity to knock down their rival.


 “You managed to get away with it the previous time, duping your way through. This time, I am going to push you down from the limelight, then fiercely step on you a couple times.”


 Luo Mu Zi’s mind was revolving around this thought, but on the surface, he was still wearing a smile and had a graceful demeanor.


 The same went for Lun Fei, having similar thoughts.


 However, they did not know what kind of person Fang Yuan was.


 Competing in poetry?!


 Heavens!


 This was worse than showing off in front of an expert.


 Fang Yuan came from Earth, he had a large stockpile of traditional poems in his head, including those renowned works as well as earthshaking masterpieces. He could easily use one of them and these two would be unable to save face.


 “Yes, we are going to recite poems, there is a story behind this.” Qiao Si Liu answered Fang Yuan.


 “Oh? Please explain.” Fang Yuan continued to ask.


 “This is a story that has been passed down in Southern Border, and is also the origin of the moon festival.” Qiao Si Liu said with eloquence.


 Once upon a time, at a certain village in Southern Border.


 A young man fell in love with an old Gu Master’s daughter, and this Gu Master’s daughter also was in love with this mortal youth.


 The youth mustered up his courage to propose the marriage, but he was met with the old Gu Master’s rejection.


 “You are only a mortal, while my daughter is a Gu Master with a bright future, how could you be worthy of my daughter? Get lost!”


 The young man implored and begged, but the old Gu Master sneered: “You are daydreaming, thinking I will let my daughter marry you! You, a mere mortal who cannot even brew tea? What use do you have?”


 The youth replied: “Isn’t it just tea? What is so difficult about it, if I brew it, will you marry your daughter to me?”


 The old Gu Master felt a headache.


 He knew his daughter loved this youth deeply, forcefully breaking them up would only make his daughter hate him.


 “If you can make a cup of tea that meets my expectations, I will give you a chance.”


 The youth was joyous and agreed immediately: “Sir, I will definitely make it.”


 The Gu Master daughter was extremely worried when she heard about this: “My family is reputed for our famous tea, and you have to make a tea which can satisfy my father. You are only a mortal with no Gu Master abilities, how can you brew a good tea?”


 The young man, however, replied: “Don’t worry. Who says mortals cannot brew tea? Let me tell you three principles.”


 “The first principle: the law of the jungle, big fish eats small fish, and small fish eats shrimps.”


 Saying that, the young man walked to a stream and hooked a big fish, he cut the fish, retrieving a small fish inside, he then cut the small fish, and took out a shrimp from the inside.


 “The second principle: humans need to eat and also need to defecate.”


 The young man then ate the shrimp and pooped out a pile of faeces.


 “The third principle: faeces can nourish vegetation to grow better.”


 The young man buried his faeces under the soil, and sure enough, flowers and plants started to flourish and grow.


 The young man plucked a kind of flower from among them and soaked it in the stream, the entire small stream turned into tea.


 The old Gu Master could not speak for a long while after he took a sip of this tea.


 His daughter said, “Father, you are not thinking of reneging on your promise, right?”


 Only then did the old Gu Master nod reluctantly: “Boy, you have passed the first test. But it is still impossible for you, a mortal, to marry my daughter. You are too crude and lack talent, you cannot recite poems.”


 The youth scratched his head and spoke worriedly: “Although I have not recited poems before, I can give it a try.”


 The old Gu Master scoffed: “You?”


 The youth asked back: “Why can’t I?”


 “Boy, reciting poems is not just casually chanting a few phrases. We Gu Masters can cause heaven and earth to change by reciting poems, we can make humans dance with joy. Can you do that?”


 The youth said in a low tone: “How would I know if I don’t give it a try?”


 “Alright, then try, don’t say I didn’t give you a chance. If you fail, then you need to leave and never see my daughter again.”


 The youth had no choice but to agree, he began to pace around, thinking of a poem to recite.


 But he had never recited a poem before, he had no clue how to start.


 At this moment, he saw the ants on the ground, he saw the birds and the setting sun outside the window. Suddenly, he patted his head.


 He began to recite: “Sparrows fly low and snakes slither around, ants move their homes as it rains down.”


 Southern Border had many rainy days, and it was currently springtime as well.


 The youth had just finished speaking, when light rain began to appear in the sky.


 The old Gu Master’s expression changed.


 The youth continued: “A drop of spring rain resembles a drop of oil, too much of it sends us into turmoil.”


 The rain got heavier and the sky turned dark.


 The old Gu Master’s expression was slightly unsightly.


 The youth grabbed his head and scratched his cheek: “Elm trees droop as farming commences, hair falls as seeds scatter.”


 At this point, the youth was stuck and for the life of him, he could not recite the final line.


 “I will give you some more time.” The old Gu Master sneered.


 The youth’s eyes brightened as he pointed at the old Gu Master and said: “Lord took away all the grains, our hungry stomachs are all in pain.”


 The old Gu Master immediately stomped his foot in anger and stood up, breaking the teacup in his hand.


 Then, he pointed at the young man and shouted: “A mere mortal dares to be so audacious!”


 But his daughter laughed and clapped: “Amazing, this song changed heaven and earth, and even made father dance.”


 The old Gu Master was furious at seeing his daughter side with her boyfriend, but was unable to retort.


 “Good, good, good, consider that you have passed the second test, but there is still the final one. You want to marry my daughter, what about the betrothal gift? Can you take out a betrothal gift that can satisfy me?”


 The youth lowered his head dejectedly, he lived in a thatched cottage, slept on a straw mat and only had one set of patched clothes.


 “I will use all my assets as the betrothal gift.” The youth spoke in a serious tone.


 “Let me see them!” The old Gu Master said.


 The young man brought the old Gu Master to his residence, to that old thatched cottage.


 He then said: “These are all my assets.”


 “This old hut with holes everywhere?” The old Gu Master pointed with disdain.


 “This straw mat that is about to break?” The old Gu Master threw the straw mat.


 “These rocks used as stools?” The old Gu Master kicked the rocks and broke them.


 The youth lowered his head.


 Every sentence the old Gu Master said made the young man’s head lower further down.


 When the old Gu Master said his third sentence, the youth’s head had almost hung down to his chest.


 But right at this time, from a rock the old Gu Master has kicked open, a beautiful Gu worm that looked like the moon flew out leisurely, shining brightly.


 The old Gu Master was stunned.


 The youth was also stunned, he had picked up this rock casually from the base of the mountain.


 The old Gu Master’s daughter cried out happily: “This Gu worm is definitely enough as the betrothal gift, right?”


 The old Gu Master was unable to retort, he could not say anything and finally, he could only rub his nose and marry his daughter to this mortal lad.


 Fang Yuan had already heard of this story before, it was indeed interesting.


 The story portrayed a conflict between a mortal and a Gu Master, and actually ended up with the mortal’s victory.


 The youth had braved through the three hurdles, finally getting together with the beauty, who was also a Gu Master. The old Gu Master had not used strength from start to finish, this did not conform to logic. It, however, showed a lowly mortal’s thirst towards a better life, as well as pursuing happiness.


 Qiao Si Liu narrated the story to Fang Yuan, conveniently explaining the customs of the moon festival as well.


 Why it was that during the moon festival, the people in Southern Border, be they Gu Immortals or mortals, would make tea, recite poems and dissect rocks.


 Naturally, the tea brewing of mortals was done with ordinary tea leaves, and as for dissecting rocks, it was replaced by breaking pebbles as a way of receiving auspicious blessings.


 “This is quite an interesting story, thank you, Fairy Si Liu, for answering my doubts.” Fang Yuan said, politely.


 Qiao Si Liu smiled: “Why are you so polite, you can just call me Si Liu.”


 “Huh?!” Luo Mu Zi’s eyes opened wide.


 Qiao Si Liu’s attitude towards Wu Yi Hai was completely different from how she treated the two of them.


 “We have had tea already, now let us recite poems.” Lun Fei said, his gaze towards Fang Yuan flashed with some coldness and his tone had also turned somewhat icier.


 Qiao Si Liu’s beautiful eyes turned towards Lun Fei: “Lun Fei, you are already eager, I am very interested to listen to your masterpiece.”


 Lun Fei laughed happily, the coldness on his face completely dissipated as he replied: “Then let me recite my simple work.”


 He stood up and slowly walked outside the pavilion as he recited —


 Stepping into society as an ignorant youngster,


 Step by step I walk by myself.


 But tonight I do not drink alone,


 Because my dream beauty is here under the moon.


 Lun Fei, in his blue robe and with fair appearance, recited slowly.


 The first two lines described his cultivation experiences, hinting at his lonely journey.


 The last two lines described the current situation, especially the last line, it was an implicit confession.


 He had walked out of the pavilion, and after his recital, he returned inside, gazing deeply at Qiao Si Liu.


 Qiao Si Liu sensed the passion in his eyes and quickly turned around to look at Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan neither looked at her nor showed hostility towards Lun Fei, he was just quietly drinking tea.


 A trace of disappointment flashed past Qiao Si Liu’s eyes.



***
Chapter 1319 - Poem Competition


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Good poem, good poem.” Fairy Tian Lu laughed charmingly: “Especially the last line, my dream beauty is here under the moon, it was truly beautiful. I think it is definitely talking about me, hehe.”


 She improvised a humorous remark, easing the atmosphere in the pavilion.


 Lun Fei gave a helpless and bitter smile, sitting down again: “Please don’t mind my crude creation, it is hardly presentable.”


 “Lun Fei, you are too modest, I have a poem as well.” Luo Mu Zi said.


 “Oh? We would love to hear it.” Qiao Si Liu smiled, looking at Luo Mu Zi with anticipation.


 Luo Mu Zi turned silent for a moment before slowly reciting.


 Climbed mountains to seek immortality,


 Danger present in every step.


 Dust specks float like light,


 Dark Gu lurk in heart.


 A dream like golden jade,


 Thousands of years of loneliness.


 Five regions and nine heavens,


 Everything is in one breath.


 The concept and imagination in this poem with five words in each line immediately moved the Gu Immortals.


 They carefully savored it.


 Climbed mountains to seek immortality, referred to a Gu Immortal’s cultivation.


 Danger present in every step, Gu Immortals needed to deal with calamities and tribulations in their cultivation, devoting all their effort in managing their immortal aperture. It was like climbing a mountain, the higher they reached, the more dangerous it became.


 Dust specks float like light, the meaning was that time was always passing by, and in the mortal world, dust gathered on people and people were like floating dust.


 Dark Gu lurk in heart, on the surface, it referred to Gu Immortals storing Immortal Gu and mortal Gu in their immortal apertures. But the Gu Immortals present had deep background in literature, they could already savor the deeper meaning.


 Dark Gu referred to darkness, setbacks, failures, compromises, disappointments, and other negative feelings.


 Mortals thought immortals had good lives, but immortals faced difficulties they did not know. Just look at the living beings in the world, who was truly free and unfettered?


 Gu Immortals endured huge pressure in their cultivation, it was unavoidable for them to have negative feelings, even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables were not an exception.


 Climbed mountains to seek immortality, danger present in every step. Dust specks float like light, dark Gu lurk in heart. These phrases were brief but contained profound meaning, which when carefully considered, resonated greatly with Gu Immortals.


 The lines after this, ‘a dream like golden jade, thousands of years of loneliness’; it referred to gold and jade, all kinds of wealth, being superficial objects and just like dreams. As time passes, love, hatred, and all feelings disappear. It showed how the poet looked indifferently at the changes in the world, that their mind was free from mortal emotions.


 The final phrase ‘five regions and nine heavens, everything is in one breath’ was filled with vigor and majesty, sweeping away the gloominess and heaviness from the previous lines. There were several other meanings to it, as long as humans had one breath left in them they were living, when they lose this breath, they would die. People strived and fought for that one breath. Using the world as an analogy, Gu Immortal cultivation was just like the pillars holding up the five regions and nine heavens, everyone was just working hard to support themselves.


 The entire poem was slow at first before it became faster in momentum, creating a majestic scene that filled the listeners with admiration.


 For a moment, the pavilion was filled with silence, the immortals quietly ruminating over this poem.


 Qiao Si Liu thought to herself: “Strange, from my understanding of Luo Mu Zi, how could he create such a poem with his nature? He probably stole someone else’s work, hmm, he also did not say it was his creation.”


 She sized up Luo Mu Zi.


 Luo Mu Zi looked calm on the surface, sitting upright as he quietly drank his tea, but the smile on his lips gave away his inner feelings.


 Qiao Si Liu inwardly smiled, but did not expose him.


 She then turned her sight towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was unexpectedly strange!


 “This is Qi Jue’s Five Words Poem? How is it possible! Didn’t Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s grotto-heaven only appear when dream realms flourished in the five regions chaotic war?”


 ‘Strange! Strange! Strange!’


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was a great expert from the Olden Antiquity Era, a rank eight Gu Immortal with immense battle strength who had once fought Limitless Demon Venerable three times, the results were a win, a draw, and a loss.


 Naturally, the first two battles were when Limitless Demon Venerable had yet to advance to rank nine.


 And, in the final battle, Limitless Demon Venerable had advanced to rank nine, surpassing Demon Immortal Qi Jue. But the battle had still lasted for nine days and nine nights, before the latter was defeated. However, Limitless Demon Venerable did not kill Demon Immortal Qi Jue and let him go.


 Limitless Demon Venerable had said this at the time: “You were my biggest enemy, but without you, I would not have trained so desperately. You also had a hand in pushing me towards my current cultivation level.”


 Having received the recognition and praise of a grand Demon Venerable, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s name was marked in history.


 The grotto-heaven left after his death had lasted until the present.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life, dream realms manifested one after another during the five regions chaotic war, regional walls disappeared and the five regions turned into one. Such a huge change created a turbulence in heaven and earth qi, exposing many hidden blessed lands and grotto-heavens to the outside world.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s grotto heaven was revealed in such a situation.


 Undoubtedly, the moment it appeared, it caused an uproar in the five regions.


 “That shouldn’t be.”


 “Simple logic is that Qi Jue’s Five Words Poem was engraved in Qi Jue grotto heaven. How did Luo Mu Zi know of it at this time?”


 ‘Could it be, he has already entered Qi Jue grotto heaven?!’


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts became somewhat chaotic for a moment.


 Qi Jue grotto heaven contained the Demon Immortal’s true inheritance. This Demon Immortal was on the same level as Sword Immortal Bo Qing, even Hei Fan paled in comparison to him!


 “If I could obtain this true inheritance...”


 “Will I obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance by killing this Luo Mu Zi?”


 Intense killing intent rose in Fang Yuan’s mind once again.


 Without knowing Fang Yuan’s thoughts, Luo Mu Zi gave a challenging glance to Fang Yuan: “I wonder what great work Wu Yi Hai has? We are really looking forward to it.”


 “That is natural.” Lun Fei quickly chipped in: “Lord Wu Yi Hai’s origin is not ordinary, he has plenty of experiences and what’s more, Eastern Sea is very rich in resources. I can’t compare to the scholarly attainment of Wu Yi Hai.”


 These two praised Fang Yuan with pleasant words, but their thoughts were anything but good.


 Qiao Si Liu was well aware of it, at this moment, she did not protect Fang Yuan but stared at Fang Yuan and encouraged him: “I also really want to listen to your poem, I am sure it will definitely be interesting and special.”


 “Yes, yes.” Fairy Tian Lu quickly agreed.


 For a moment, Fang Yuan was pressured by everyone, he rubbed his nose and gave a forced smile: “Friends, you are all overestimating me, how could I have poems, I don’t know how to make any.”


 “Wu Yi Hai, you are modest! Too modest!” Luo Mu Zi laughed.


 Fang Yuan shrugged: “I am telling the truth, I did not even know we would have to recite poems to appreciate the moon.”


 “Since that is the case, Wu Yi Hai, why don’t you make one right now, it should be a wonderful work, don’t worry if it takes a bit of time, we are all willing to wait.” Lun Fei said, not letting Fang Yuan off.


 Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh.


 Of course, he had a lot of poems in his head.


 There was many poems praised since ancient times from Earth, he could casually copy any of those famous stanzas, it would be enough for this occasion and resolve the difficulties from these Gu Immortals.


 But...


 But so what?


 Fang Yuan gazed around.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei loved Qiao Si Liu, they naturally considered Fang Yuan an eyesore, both had come to a tacit agreement to work together and knock down their rival. What good would it do for him to contend with such losers?


 Fairy Tian Lu was Qiao Si Liu’s best friend and was indeed working hard, helping Qiao Si Liu wholeheartedly. As for her lover, he did not speak much and was silent most of the time, quietly drinking tea from the side, this showed how astute he was.


 As for Qiao Si Liu...


 This fairy had both appearance and background, and was one of the three great beauties of Southern Border, she naturally had her pride.


 Qiao clan might have ordered her to approach Fang Yuan, but she had her own methods.


 She had thought meticulously in hosting this moon festival today. She had thought out everything, not only taking care of small details like seating order, she had also brought her best friend to help her, and an even more brilliant move was that she had invited Lun Fei and Luo Mu Zi to take part in the event.


 When two men compete with each other over a girl, even if she was a pig, they would think she is awesome. Only when one wins and the other is out of the competition, and when the victor looks at this pig, he will then realize: oh, this was a pig after all!


 This was rather exaggerated, but the logic was similar.


 When a competitor appears, it would make the girl who is being pursued seem even more precious and more valuable.


 Qiao Si Liu was well aware of this logic, so she made this arrangement to evoke Fang Yuan’s thoughts and make him take the initiative to pursue her, then she could conveniently agree and hook Fang Yuan in.


 If it were the real Wu Yi Hai, perhaps he might have already fallen into the planning of beauty.


 Unfortunately, the one she was facing was Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan remained unmoved the whole time because he knew the relation between Wu clan and Qiao clan, and also the scheme of Qiao clan’s higher-ups.


 With this understanding, Fang Yuan was in a strategically superior and stable position, while Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were no more than roadside clowns.


 When Fang Yuan sized up the Gu Immortals in the pavilion, the Gu Immortals were also focusing their gazes on him.


 There was silence in the pavilion, this silence was no doubt a kind of pressure.


 “Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei want to embarrass me. Qiao Si Liu also wants me to accept the challenge, hmm....maybe she is feeling a little upset. After all, for such a beauty, the seawater was too rude. As for Fairy Tian Lu, she is completely on Qiao Si Liu’s side, and is nothing to worry about...”


 Fang Yuan thought of all this, smiling inwardly as he said: “Then let me recite one, don’t laugh at me.”


 “We are all ears!”


 “We are looking forward to it!”


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were all smiles.


 At the next moment, the immortals heard Fang Yuan’s poem —


 “Oh great sea, you are made of water.”


 “Oh horse, you have four legs.”


 “Oh beauty, you have large eyes and a mouth!”


 The poem ended.


 The entire pavilion was silent!


 Everyone’s expression seemed to have stiffened.


 Even Qiao Si Liu and Fairy Tian Lu were no exception.


 “This, this, this... what the f*ck!”


 “This is a poem? This is rubbish!!”


 “This Wu Yi Hai is an utter boor.”


 “What nonsense is this? Appreciating the moon and reciting poems, it was an elegant event, now it is completely ruined!”


 The Gu Immortals were unanimously screaming internally.


 Fang Yuan was all smiles as he looked at Qiao Si Liu: “I wonder if Fairy Si Liu is satisfied?”


 “Satisfied? Screw you!”


 “You still have the nerves to ask this question? You are simply too outrageous!!”


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei roared inwardly, but being mindful of their bearing, they showed nothing on the surface. The pavilion was still a scene of silence.


 “Heh... hehe...” Qiao Si Liu laughed, even though it sounded very forced: “This poem is really special, to tell the truth, I... I have never heard such a poem. It is indeed worthy of being your creation... now that I carefully consider it, it is actually quite funny.”


 Luo Mu Zi:”...”


 Lun Fei:”...”



***
Chapter 1320 - Please ‘Evaluate’


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were utterly speechless.


 They wanted to criticize Fang Yuan, but Qiao Si Liu had made such a remark, if they criticized now, would they not be embarrassing Qiao Si Liu?


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei felt like they had swallowed a housefly but were unable to spit it out, it was unbearable.


 Fang Yuan was laughing on the inside as he gazed around.


 Qiao Si Liu was forcefully maintaining her smile, while Fairy Tian Lu gazed at her concernedly, her gaze seemingly containing some sympathetic feeling. As Qiao Si Liu’s best friend, how could Fairy Tian Lu not know of her intention? It was just that Fang Yuan did not take the bait at all, making them be unable to do anything.


 As for Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei, they had such stiff expressions that it was quite funny.


 Fang Yuan looked at these two: “How was it? My poem was not bad, right?”


 “Not bad?!”


 Luo Mu Zi’s and Lun Fei’s eyes immediately opened wide as they looked at Fang Yuan, seemingly wanting to see how shameless this person could possibly get.


 But immediately afterwards, they heard Fang Yuan speak: “Although I had a flash of inspiration, it seems a true masterpiece poem is also created like this. Si Liu really approves of my poem, but I still would like to hear your constructive feedback.”


 “Constructive feedback? This dogshit thing can be considered a poem? You want feedback?!”


 “Si Liu, Si Liu... why are you speaking of her so closely? You scumbag, hey! Who let you address her so intimately!”


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were madly raving inside their minds.


 But they could not lose their temper, they had to evaluate it and give good remarks just like Qiao Si Liu’s words so that they would not embarrass her.


 This disgusted them even more than eating a housefly.


 Fang Yuan was clearly their rival in love and it was also garbage that could not be considered a poem, but Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei still needed to ‘evaluate’ it and give nice comments!


 “This poem, ah... it is clear, easy to understand... and easy to read...” Luo Mu Zi stammered, his expression was becoming increasingly unsightly and he felt like he was going to vomit!


 Fang Yuan nodded with a smile, then turned towards Lun Fei: “What do you think?”


 Lun Fei saw Fang Yuan staring at him, the corners of his lips were raised slightly in a smile and seemed to be twitching, he insipidly remarked: “This is a good poem.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyebrows rose, how could he let this person off so easily, he pursued: “What is so good about it?”


 Lun Fei was furious, his face flushed red with anger as he screamed internally: “How would I know what’s good about it? There is nothing good about it! You created this garbage and still want to be praised! You scumbag!!”


 Looking at Fang Yuan’s smiling expression, Lun Fei had an intense urge to smash the teacup on Fang Yuan’s face.


 It would really appease his anger!


 But he could not do that.


 Qiao Si Liu was right beside them, if Lun Fei did that, what would happen to Qiao Si Liu’s face? Wouldn’t he embarrass this fairy?


 Moreover, he was not like Luo Mu Zi, he was a lone immortal. By contrast, Wu Yi Hai had a noble status, he was in Wu clan, and was the younger brother of Wu Yong!


 Lun Fei could only restrain his anger as he racked his brains to think of words for ‘evaluating’ Fang Yuan’s ‘poem’.


 “I am really pleased with this moon appreciation festival, never had I thought I am talented in composing poems.” Fang Yuan smiled at Qiao Si Liu, his gaze full of deep meaning.


 Qiao Si Liu’s mind shook slightly as she smiled: “Next is rock dissecting, maybe you will have a huge harvest.”


 “Indeed, indeed. I am also most expectant towards this event, let us dissect rocks.” Fairy Tian Lu quickly helped to change the subject.


 “I have prepared a huge amount of rocks here for everyone to choose. Please.” Qiao Si Liu naturally had come prepared, with Qiao clan as her background, gathering some rocks was of course not a troubling matter.


 The mood in the pavilion eased.


 Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei also let out sighs of relief, at least they no longer needed to praise Fang Yuan’s poem against their own will.


 The rocks prepared by Qiao Si Liu were of all sizes, the Gu Immortals chose them one after the other and dissected them on the spot to see if there were any Gu worms inside.


 As far as mortal Gu was concerned, it was very easy for Gu Immortals to get them.


 As such, the atmosphere was relaxed, unlike the seriousness when Gu Masters dissected rocks.


 Naturally, this only applied to mortal Gu, if Immortal Gu were involved, this rock dissecting activity would be given serious attention by Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals had a lot of methods to check whether a rock had mortal Gu or not. However, in today’s event, they naturally would not use their methods to cheat and only relied on their insight and luck.


 As for rocks that had Immortal Gu, they could only be found by chance and not through seeking, the investigative methods of Gu Immortals were deficient and without options in regard to such rocks.


 Trying to get an Immortal Gu in tonight’s event would be wishful thinking and unrealistic.


 No one present had such expectations as this was only meant to be an entertaining event.


 It was just that this entertainment held different meaning to Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei compared to the past.


 They were secretly contending with Fang Yuan, but the result was they were almost at the verge of coughing out blood, Fang Yuan’s rock dissecting results had maintained first place from start to finish.


 Rock dissecting relied on the Gu Master’s discerning eye, Fang Yuan naturally did not lack in this aspect, he had even started his own rock gambling den in his first life.


 As for luck, was Fang Yuan’s luck bad?


 Not to mention he had connected his luck with several other lucky people, he himself had dogshit luck Immortal Gu to help him.


 However, although Fang Yuan obtained victory, it was a rather close one. He maintained superiority from the start, but this superiority was not obvious at times.


 The one who exerted such strong pressure on him was Luo Mu Zi.


 This person was not a lone immortal, he came from one of Southern Border’s super forces — Luo clan.


 His insight was very sharp, and most importantly, his luck was quite good, his results were only slightly inferior to Fang Yuan.


 “Looks like his luck is quite good.”


 “Otherwise, he would not have known about Qi Jue’s Five Words Poem, isn’t that right...”


 Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 It would not be troubling for him to make a move against Lun Fei, but to target Luo Mu Zi, he had to worry about Luo clan.


 Naturally, no matter what he decided to do, Wu Yi Hai’s identity absolutely could not be implicated.


 By the time the moon appreciation festival ended, it was already deep into the night.


 Everyone bid their farewells one after the other, the scene was quite lively.


 “I will see you off.” Qiao Si Liu took the initiative to see Fang Yuan off.


 Luo Mu Zi’s and Lun Fei’s eyes flushed red.


 “Let’s go!” Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei were originally competitors and found one another an eyesore, but through the course of tonight’s event, they had instead reached a tacit agreement.


 The four Gu Immortals left the pavilion successively, leaving behind Fairy Tian Lu and her lover.


 “Sigh.” Fairy Tian Lu sighed: “Tonight’s moon appreciation festival was so tiring.”


 “Nothing to be done about it.” Her lover also sighed, his gaze clear and bright.


 Both held each other’s hands and smiled as they stepped on the clouds and left.


 “This Wu Yi Hai is a complete boor. What in the world did he compose? Can that thing even be called a poem?!” Luo Mu Zi was burning with rage.


 “But Fairy Si Liu actually has a completely different view of him!!” Lun Fei gritted his teeth.


 “Hmph, what different view, his greatest worth is his identity.” Luo Mu Zi said in a slightly envious tone.


 Lun Fei’s expression was malevolent: “I cannot take this lying down, I cannot let Wu Yi Hai continue living so happily!”


 On their way, Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei conversed heatedly.


 “Oh? What idea do you have? Wu clan might be facing difficulties from all sides and they might lack the initiative, but they still have the ability to maintain their status. If you want to make a move against Wu Yi Hai, you will have to consider Wu clan. Whether it be publicly or privately, Wu Yong will stand behind Wu Yi Hai. We need to take this relationship properly into account.” Luo Mu Zi spoke, he was a righteous path Gu Immortal and was aware of the difficulty here.


 If they overestimated their relationship, they would not be able to cause any harm to Wu Yi Hai. But if they underestimated it, who would be able to bear Wu clan’s retribution?


 Lun Fei curled his lips as he thought: Righteous path Gu Immortals have to worry about everything. On the other hand, the demonic path can directly take action.


 However, Lun Fei was not a demonic cultivator, he was a lone cultivator who was more inclined towards the righteous path.


 Lun Fei sneered as a sinister light flashed in his eyes: “We don’t need to personally make a move. Fairy Si Liu has a lot of pursuers, not just us two. We can inform that person, he will definitely be furious because Fairy Si Liu did not invite him this time.”


 “You are talking about that guy from Chi clan?” Luo Mu Zi’s expression became slightly complex.


 That Gu Immortal from Chi clan was the biggest pursuer of Qiao Si Liu. Before tonight, Luo Mu Zi greatly loathed him. But now, he was about to make use of his strength to teach a lesson to Wu Yi Hai.


 “Although Wu Yi Hai won against Xia Fei Kuai, it was because he relied on his knowledge of the enemy. If he was strong, why would he have to discuss any conditions with that Mountain Moving Old Monster, he could have directly seized back Mount Snail. That guy from Chi clan is definitely stronger than Wu Yi Hai, moreover, he hates it when others have any desire towards Fairy Si Liu.” Lun Fei continued.


 Luo Mu Zi’s gaze became resolute: “Alright, we will inform Chi Shang of today’s matter!”


 Qiao Si Liu accompanied Fang Yuan for a distance before she bid a reluctant farewell to Fang Yuan.


 But she did not directly return to Qiao clan’s headquarters, instead returning to the pavilion.


 Inside the pavilion, there was a Gu Immortal sitting on a rock chair and quietly drinking bewitching tea.


 This person was Qiao clan’s first supreme elder.


 The crucial character who had helped Fang Yuan return to Wu clan previously!


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder slowly put down the teacup: “Although Wu Yi Hai grew up in Eastern Sea, he is after all Wu Du Xiu’s son. So what do you think?”


 Qiao Si Liu’s gaze was slightly dim as she softly said: “I agree.”


 Fang Yuan targeted Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei, forcing them to say his poem was good, but in fact it was an indirect attack on Qiao Si Liu.


 Qiao Si Liu was well aware that this was the way of a righteous path confrontation, it was all smiles and jovial on the surface, but was actually a maelstrom of dark undercurrents.


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder sighed: “Our Qiao clan has all along been allies with Wu clan, but we have never been able to penetrate deep into their core. For the sake of Qiao clan, Wu Yi Hai is a huge opportunity, do you understand?”


 Qiao Si Liu bit her lips, her gaze containing reluctance, but she still nodded in the end: “I understand.”



***
Chapter 1321 - Can Be Used, But Unreliable


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The moon festival passed, but Fang Yuan was still moving about outside.


 He took the initiative to get close to Qiao Si Liu, although the latter was angry at his attitude during the moon festival, due to her clan’s orders, she was unable to refuse Fang Yuan.


 Gradually, rumors began to spread —


 Wu clan’s Wu Yi Hai and Qiao clan’s Qiao Si Liu were very close and often made trips to scenic spots.


 Whether it be Wu Yi Hai, Wu Yong’s brother, or Qiao Si Liu, one of the three great fairies of Southern Border, they were no doubt famous people in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 Their actions soon led to rumors.


 While Qiao Si Liu’s pursuers were indignant, they had to admit Wu Yi Hai was an extremely strong rival. Regardless of everything else, just based on Wu clan’s and Qiao clan’s relations, Wu Yi Hai had an enormous advantage.


 Fang Yuan was slightly helpless regarding this.


 He actually did not want to become famous, it was better to keep Wu Yi Hai’s identity low profile.


 A pity that the circumstances went against his wishes, because of Qiao Si Liu, Fang Yuan’s fame soared in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world!


 This situation soon influenced Fang Yuan.


 The number of times someone tried to deduce him, which had just showed signs of decreasing, rose rapidly and even became frequent.


 It was very difficult to deal with this situation with just dark limit Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had to often place his aperture down and hide inside his sovereign blessed land.


 The immortal aperture was an independent world, isolated from the outside, as long as Fang Yuan did not reveal crucial clues, deductions would become extremely difficult.


 Unless someone had clues like those from ‘Connect Luck’, or had information that could deduce his specific location.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan himself could make use of frequently placing down his aperture in absorbing heaven and earth qi. With the addition of Reverse Flow River, the consumption of heaven and earth qi was truly huge.


 Besides placing his aperture, Fang Yuan had to handle Qiao Si Liu while also using Wu clan’s channels to get information about Luo Mu Zi and Lun Fei.


 It was still not the time for him to make a move.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Gu Immortals had endless mysterious methods. With just slight carelessness, one could fail miserably in carrying out a task.


 For example, Fang Yuan had actually been able to resist the offense of rank eight Gu Immortals with Reverse Flow River. Before the battle in Snowy Mountain, who could have imagined such a result?


 Fang Yuan was cautious, even if he had a plan to take Luo Mu Zi’s and Lun Fei’s lives, he would only start on the plan after sufficiently understanding their details.


 Afterwards, he would accumulate strength, so that when there was an opportunity, he would immediately deal the fatal strike!


 Only then would the risks be the lowest, and it would best suit his interests.


 Lions used all their strength even when hunting rabbits, let alone Lun Fei and Luo Mu Zi, whom were not weak themselves.


 Half a month passed like this, on this day, Wu Yong summoned Fang Yuan.


 “Brother, I have few tasks here, choose one of them.” Wu Yong said without beating around the bush.


 “Brother, please tell me, it is my duty to contribute to the clan.” Fang Yuan calmly replied.


 An information path mortal Gu flew out of Wu Yong’s sleeve, Fang Yuan took a glance and saw this Gu had three tasks recorded.


 The first task was related to Xuan Ming Mountain.


 Recently, someone discovered that in the depths of Xuan Ming Mountain, there seemed to be the aura of a wild Immortal Gu.


 This information had already attracted many lone immortals to make a trip.


 More importantly, Yang clan, a super force, had also mobilized its members.


 If the information was true, they could obtain an Immortal Gu, which, to any super force, was a joyous matter of being able to increase their foundation, Wu clan naturally would not let go of such a good chance.


 Currently, Wu clan’s situation was normal, neither good nor bad. Under Wu Yong’s command, the clan had already stabilized itself.


 Moreover, Xuan Ming Mountain was near Wu clan’s territory, although not inside Wu clan’s territory, it bordered on it.


 If Wu clan did not send its Gu Immortals for this, other super forces would probably think Wu clan had weakened.


 As such, Wu Yong intentionally included: If they could not seize the wild Immortal Gu, they must destroy it and could not let it go to Yang clan.


 The second task was that red dragon river’s water level was rising sharply recently, if it was not controlled, it was very likely to lead to a flood disaster.


 If there was a flood, it would be of extreme threat to the nearby living beings. Resources would deplete and it could even change the surrounding environment.


 The super forces near red dragon river were paying heavy attention to it.


 A portion of red dragon river flowed past the territories of Qiao clan and Wu clan.


 They had to send Gu Immortals to inspect the situation and attempt to control the situation to prevent a huge flood.


 As for the third task, Yi clan’s second supreme elder was holding a banquet for his one thousand two hundredth birthday.


 Wu clan needed to send a Gu Immortal to represent the clan in the banquet and deliver the birthday gift.


 Yi clan was a powerful clan, its headquarters were in Lin Chi Mountain, which was located in the north-east corner of Southern Border and was the closest to Eastern Sea.


 In fact, Yi clan had all sorts of close connections to Eastern Sea.


 As for Wu clan, it was located in the southwest area of Southern Border, although it was not at the southwest corner, it was to the farthest south among all the super forces.


 Such locations determined that the relation between Yi clan and Wu clan was always maintained at a good level.


 Befriend the distant enemy and attack the near ones, this not only applied to the politics and diplomacy of super forces, it was a fundamental principle.


 Even though many clans were creating difficulties for Wu clan, Yi clan had never participated in it. To preserve this layer of relation, Wu clan had to send a Gu Immortal to Yi clan second supreme elder’s banquet to give well-wishes.


 “What do you think, have you decided?” After a while, Wu Yong asked.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I have thought it through, and I choose the second task. My battle strength is not high, choosing to go to Xuan Ming Mountain will probably result in fighting with Yang clan’s Gu Immortal, Yang clan is specialized in soul path while I do not excel in dealing with this path.”


 “Then why not choose the third task?” Wu Yong smiled, “Actually, your status is the most suitable for this task, because you are my brother. You will be very warmly received in Yi clan.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, giving a bitter smile: “Brother, spare me. Although it is a birthday banquet, there will definitely be representatives from other super forces. With our Wu clan’s current situation, if I go to the banquet, the other Gu Immortals will definitely create difficulties for me. I won’t be able to deal with all of them, my own embarrassment is nothing, but more importantly, I would be losing face for Wu clan, that would be too big of a sin.”


 Wu Yong laughed: “Since you have thought of everything, it will be improper for me to insist. Then let’s do it according to your decision.”


 “Brother, if there aren’t other matters, I will bid farewell.”


 “Go, go.” Wu Yong waved his hand.


 Fang Yuan turned around, but when he reached the entrance, Wu Yong asked: “Ah, right, when are you going to set off?”


 Fang Yuan turned around, standing close to the door: “If red dragon river overflows and turns into a calamity, it will definitely cause countless living beings to suffer. I would not dare to be slow on this important matter, I will simply pack up my things and leave shortly afterwards.”


 “Good, I can rest at ease then. This matter shall be left to you, you must handle it properly.” Wu Yong seemed to be fully confident in Fang Yuan.


 “I will certainly do my best!” Fang Yuan solemnly assured, then turned around and left.


 However, he did not see that after he left, the smile and confidence in Wu Yong’s face slowly disappeared.


 Replacing them was a shade of gloominess.


 “Success.” Fang Yuan’s heart was shaking with joy, but he showed no expression on the surface. Just like he said to Wu Yong, he packed some things and immediately set off towards the north.


 He was moving rapidly on his way, but when he had just flown across yellow dragon river, Gu Immortal Wu Fa called him to stop: “Lord Wu Yi Hai, please slow down, I have new orders from first supreme elder.”


 Fang Yuan was laughing on the inside: “Here it comes.”


 On the surface, however, he showed a surprised expression. He stopped in the air and asked the quickly arriving Wu Fa: “Elder Wu Fa, what’s the matter?”


 “Oh!” Wu Fa heaved a deep sigh, his aged face filled with anxiety: “There is truth in the saying, when it rains, it pours, there has been an accident over on the super Gu formation’s end. Ba clan has been creating difficulties for our clan, Elder Wu Bei, who was stationed there, is injured and is unable to stabilize the situation. Lord, didn’t you want to be sent back there? The opportunity is here!”


 “First supreme elder was mindful of this and decided to swap Elder Wu Bei with you, to let Elder Wu Bei return to recuperate his injuries. Lord Wu Yi Hai, you will be back in command over at the super Gu formation.”


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply, looking like he was caught unprepared: “How could this happen? I still...”


 As he said this, he seemed to subconsciously glance to the north-west, and said with hesitation: “But red dragon river’s issue is quite severe, it needs to be resolved quickly.”


 “First supreme elder has already made proper arrangements for this matter, Lord Wu Yi Hai, you do not need to worry. Lord, you need to quickly go and stabilize the situation over there. This is a letter Gu that Lord Wu Yong has personally sent you, you can directly go to Yi Tian Mountain without returning to Wu clan.” Wu Fa handed an information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan as he spoke.


 Fang Yuan received the letter Gu and immediately scanned it with his consciousness.


 The contents of the letter Gu were naturally Wu Yong’s voice, saying a serious situation had occurred on the giant dream realm’s end and required Fang Yuan to immediately move over there.


 Fang Yuan gave a deep sigh: “Looks like I have no choice but to go.”


 “Please make haste, Lord Wu Yi Hai.” Elder Wu Fa looked anxious.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, glancing towards the north-west once more before he turned around and flew towards the north-east.


 Elder Wu Fa kept on looking at Fang Yuan till he disappeared in the horizons.


 He then sneered as he looked at the north-west. Everyone knew there was a mountain in the north-west, Da Peng Mountain, which was Qiao clan’s main headquarters.


 Elder Wu Fa returned to Wu clan’s Wu Yi Mountain and reported to Wu Yong: “First supreme elder, the matter has been handled, Lord Wu Yi Hai is already moving towards the super Gu formation.”


 Wu Yong was current in the study, he stood up straight, his hand holding a brush which made vigorous movements on a piece of paper.


 He slightly nodded at Wu Fa, and suddenly stopped his actions.


 There were five large words written on the paper: Can be used, but unreliable.


 “A long time ago, when I was still young, mother asked me about my opinion of Qiao clan, I replied with these five words, I can still remember mother’s smile very clearly.” Wu Yong sighed: “It’s a pity my brother has not understood this.”



***
Chapter 1322 - Restrictions of the Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, at the location of Yi Tian Mountain, in the super Gu formation.


 “Wu An (Wu Liao) pays respects to Lord Wu Yi Hai.” Inside the super Gu formation, Wu clan’s Gu Immortals, Wu Liao and Wu An, greeted Fang Yuan respectfully.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Sit down and explain what happened. Elder Wu Bei actually suffered such heavy injuries?”


 Wu Liao and Wu An glanced at each other; Wu Liao kept quiet, letting Wu An, who was good with words, report: “Lord, this is what happened...”


 Originally, Ba clan was already eager to make a move against Wu clan, and after Wu clan was involved in all kinds of difficulties, the Gu Immortal leading Ba clan here, Old Treeman Ba De, made a move against Wu clan.


 Ba De had already been scheming for a long time, and when he made the move, it was so shocking that it put Wu clan into a passive situation.


 Wu clan naturally would not just sit still, Wu Bei set forth, but was schemed against by Ba De and had no choice but to have a spar with him.


 The result of the spar was naturally Ba clan’s victory and Wu clan’s defeat.


 “It is just that we did not expect Lord Wu Bei’s injuries to be so severe. Although Lord Wu Bei lost in the spar, he still had a fearsome air.”


 “Yes, although he lost to Ba De, Lord Wu Bei was still able to engage in the secret discussion with Qiao clan’s and other clan’s Gu Immortals. We all thought his injuries were not serious.”


 When Wu An finished speaking, Wu Liao added in a couple of sentences.


 Fang Yuan sneered inwardly, but had a concerned expression on the surface: “I understand the situation, Wu Bei has left and I am here now, everything will be like before, I won’t move if the enemy doesn’t move.”


 “Yes, lord.” Wu Liao and Wu An immediately responded.


 They were not surprised at such a command.


 As far as others were concerned, how could Wu Yi Hai’s battle strength compare to Ba De’s?


 Although Wu Yi Hai had recently gained some limelight, his victory against Xia Fei Kuai was only in a spar, furthermore, the rules were decided by him.


 Although he had resolved the conflict over Mount Snail, there was no show of might during the whole process and it was resolved through discussion with Mountain Moving Old Monster.


 Finally, the rumors with Qiao Si Liu carried the feeling of illicit love, and would not engender respect in others.


 “If there is nothing, the two of you may leave. I hurried to get here, I am slightly tired.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.


 Wu Liao immediately excused himself and left, but Wu An hesitated and said softly: “Lord, there is something I need to report....”


 “Speak.” Fang Yuan already knew what Wu An wanted to report.


 Sure enough, Wu An’s words did not deviate from Fang Yuan’s expectation, it was related to the matter of dream realm business which Wu clan and other super clans were engaged in.


 “The situation is tense now, the other clans are also anxious and fearful, should we stop this business for some time?” Wu An worriedly asked.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a moment: “You don’t need to worry, I have already said everything will be like before. If there is nothing else, you may leave.”


 “Yes, lord.” A trace of joy flashed past Wu An’s face as he bowed and left.


 As long as this dream realm’s business continued, Wu An could continue to gain profits from it. Why would he not be happy?


 Even if the matter turned south and the business was exposed by Ba clan, Wu An’s responsibility was still very low. Because his superior, Fang Yuan, had allowed the business to continue like before.


 Fang Yuan was obviously well aware of Wu An’s thoughts.


 He sneered inwardly: “This Wu An is simply shortsighted.”


 It was true that Wu clan’s situation was not too good at the moment, but it was still the number one clan of Southern Border.


 Ba De was very astute, although he made a move, he did not target this dream realm business. He knew his limits, because these benefits were not solely enjoyed by Wu clan, but also by other clans.


 If he had laid a hand on this business, it would lead to hostility from the other clans, who would then ally with Wu clan to deal with this common enemy.


 It was due to his clear insight towards the situation of the whole of Southern Border that he did not target this weakness to create difficulties. This was a significant weakness, but if he used it now, the results would not be optimal at this time. If some day in the future, Wu clan’s prestige truly crashed, that would be the time to use this and add fuel to the fire.


 Ba De saw this accurately, Fang Yuan did as well.


 The matters of the world were like games of chess, the best chess players always planned their future moves, knew when to use certain tactics and what chess pieces would achieve the best result.


 As such, the dream realm business could continue to run, what truly decided whether Ba De would make a move or not was not this business itself, but Wu clan!


 The matters of the world were often this strange.


 The deciding factors of many matters were not the matters themselves, but something that was outside of them.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan subconsciously gazed at the direction of Wu clan.


 Wu Yong might be a rank eight Gu Immortal, but was still schemed against by Fang Yuan.


 Because this was not a contest of cultivation and battle strength, but experience and methods.


 The reason Fang Yuan took the initiative to approach Qiao Si Liu was naturally not for Qiao Si Liu herself, but for something else, that was — to return to the giant dream realm!


 Wu Yong could endure Wu Yi Hai’s greed, but he could not stand Wu Yi Hai contesting for authority.


 This was an expected situation.


 The seed had already been planted before Wu Du Xiu passed away. Before she passed away, her last words were that she wanted to give her Immortal Gu to Wu Yi Hai.


 Wu Yi Hai’s bloodline and origin were already approved, once he gained some authority, he would become a huge threat to Wu Yong’s rule.


 Just like when Wu Du Xiu was in power, she was wary and on guard against Qiao clan, within Wu clan, Wu Yong was on guard against two threats – Qiao clan and Wu Yi Hai.


 Right now, these two were close to each other, even looking like they would wind up together, how could this not make Wu Yong vigilant?


 Previously, when Wu Yi Hai had joined Wu clan, Qiao clan had mobilized its agent inside Wu clan, whom unexpectedly was Wu clan’s third supreme elder. Many perceptive people were given a fright, how could Wu Yong not be wary?


 And now, it looked like Wu Yi Hai was going to collaborate with Qiao clan, how could Wu Yong not make a move early?


 Wu Yong’s action was quite extraordinary.


 He did not directly question if Fang Yuan still wanted to return to the giant dream realm.


 He gave Fang Yuan three choices, Xuan Ming Mountain, red dragon river and Yi clan’s banquet.


 There was deep meaning behind these three choices.


 The first task of Xuan Ming Mountain was naturally the most intense task, there was definitely going to be conflict since it concerned a wild Immortal Gu. If Fang Yuan chose this task, it would show he did not fear taking risks for the clan, and Wu Yong could make great use of him in the future.


 The third task of Yi clan’s banquet was a test. Yi clan had close relations with Eastern Sea, if Fang Yuan chose this task, it would mean he still had attachment towards Eastern Sea in the depths of his heart.


 The second task of preventing red dragon river’s flood was a trap.


 Wu clan and Qiao clan both had territories near red dragon river. Wu clan wanted to prevent a flood, Qiao clan naturally would also do the same.


 As such, there would be an opportunity to collaborate with Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals.


 When Fang Yuan chose this task, Wu Yong’s heart had immediately chilled, even if he had been all smiles at that time, he had already made the decision to transfer Wu Yi Hai away as soon as possible! He could not let Wu Yi Hai be in contact with Qiao clan any longer.


 Qiao Si Liu was one of the three great fairies of Southern Border, she had astonishingly enchanting beauty. Even if Wu Yi Hai’s heart was not moved yet, what about in the future?


 Even outstanding men might be unable to resist the charms of a beautiful woman, let alone a beauty like Qiao Si Liu!


 Let alone when besides beauty, she was also tied to extraordinary benefits for him.


 Once Wu Yi Hai married Qiao Si Liu, it was a hugely profitable matter to both him and Qiao clan.


 Wu Yi Hai could use Qiao clan to greatly increase his authority inside Wu clan. And Qiao clan could also finally break their historical limit, with a son-in-law like Wu Yi Hai, this vine that was Qiao clan could truly penetrate deep into the inner core of the giant tree that was Wu clan.


 How could Wu Yong make such a mistake?


 It was not feasible for him to forcefully break the relationship between the two, it might even backfire if he did not handle it well.


 Moreover, the righteous path had to do things according to rules. He could not act willfully like in demonic path.


 Wu Yong had thought for a while, but found it was difficult to handle Wu Yi Hai. Despite having evidence of Wu Yi Hai’s corruption, Wu Yi Hai was his own brother in the end.


 After thinking for a while, Wu Yong thought of the giant dream realm.


 He could use this dream realm to ‘exile’ Wu Yi Hai for as long as possible, after all, wasn’t it peaceful when Wu Yi Hai had stayed in the Gu formation earlier?


 This past success finally made Wu Yong come to a decision.


 He immediately took action after making up his mind. Although he gave Fang Yuan three choices, in truth, he did not let Fang Yuan have any power to choose, they were just a way of testing him.


 “The righteous path is like this.”


 “If one is not at the top, there is no freedom.”


 “But even when one is at the top, the whole organization will become the shackles that bind them.”


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly, but he quickly sorted out his mood and began looking at the dream realm in front of him.


 He had returned to this familiar place once again, and there were still two Immortal Gu that belonged to him here.


 The dream realm was always expanding and always moving.


 “Oh? This dream realm is pretty good, it is a dream realm made of true memories and experiences, and not from absurd imagination.”


 Soon, Fang Yuan finished inspecting it and entered a shiny bright blue dream realm.


 His vision changed.


 In a gently sloping hill, a middle-aged Gu Immortal had his back towards Fang Yuan: “My son, do you know why our Tu clan has dominance over this mountain range?”


 Fang Yuan inspected himself, he found he had already turned into a child.


 “Father, I don’t know.” He replied after giving it a thought.


 “Formation path!” The middle-aged Gu Immortal’s voice rose, carrying strong pride within it.


 “Formation path?” Fang Yuan mumbled.


 “Right! Formation path.” The middle-aged Gu Immortal turned around, revealing his aged face and resolute eyes, giving off the air of an authority figure.


 “Among the numerous paths, formation path might be the most complicated path. Son, starting today, father will impart to you the essence of formation path and guide you in cultivation.” The middle-aged Gu Immortal said with a burning gaze.


 “Yes, father, I will definitely study properly.” Fang Yuan replied.


 The middle-aged Gu Immortal shook his head: “Studying is not enough, you must achieve success, put in all your effort to be the best, be better than all your peers and even those young Gu Immortals. Because you are my, Tu Shi Cheng’s son, because you are the future leader of the clan!”



***
Chapter 1323 - Formation Path Contains Countless Paths


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Tu Shi Cheng? I have never heard of this name...” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 Since his father’s surname was Tu, this boy Fang Yuan was acting as naturally was surnamed Tu. Being able to leave behind a dream realm meant he indeed had remarkable skill in formation path, but there seemed to be no formation path great experts with the surname Tu in the history of Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan scanned through his memories, but did not have any findings.


 Naturally, his knowledge could not encompass the whole of Gu Master history. Maybe this was the dream of a hidden expert.


 “Come, sit by me.” The middle-aged Gu Immortal sat on the ground, and patted the area beside him.


 Fang Yuan quickly sat down beside him.


 “My son, do you know how many Gu Master paths there are in this world?” Tu Shi Cheng asked with a warm smile on his face.


 Fang Yuan pondered, there were naturally many Gu Master paths, and looking at the trend, even more were starting to thrive. For instance, when Gu Master cultivation had just started to flourish, space path and time path were the mainstream paths, afterwards, wisdom path, qi path, strength path, rule path and other paths emerged one after the other, and now, there were even more paths like fire path, water path, metal path, bone path, poison path and so on.


 “Five hundred years later, there is also dream path... innovation never stops, Gu Immortal paths will continue to increase.” Fang Yuan pondered inwardly, while replying: “According to what I know, there is space path, time path, hmm, and also qi path, wisdom path and so on.”


 Tu Shi Cheng nodded: “You are correct, but it is still not detailed. Let me tell you, in Ren Zu’s time during the Immemorial Antiquity Era, there were space path and time path, these two paths researched and expounded on the profundities of time and space.”


 “In the Remote Antiquity Era, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable created qi path and enslavement path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created wisdom path and star path, and our formation path was also created during the later period of the Remote Antiquity Era. But its true founder could not be verified. Refinement path and fire path were also created during this period.”


 “In the Olden Antiquity Era, Limitless Demon Venerable created rule path, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created transformation path. Strength path, wind path, light path and dark path were also created in this era.”


 “In the Medieval Antiquity Era, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created wood path, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created theft path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path. Moreover, metal path, water path, ice and snow path, cloud path, earth path, lightning path, information path and sound path emerged one after another, this was an era where all kinds of diverse paths appeared.”


 “And in our present era, bone path was created, there are also phantom path and restriction path. Naturally, what I mentioned are only the mainstream Gu Master paths, minor paths like enchantment path, illusion path, and others will be omitted for now.”


 Fang Yuan immediately came to an understanding when he heard these words.


 “So this dream realm is set in the Late Antiquity Era. Right now, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has yet to appear, otherwise Tu Shi Cheng would have mentioned him.”


 Tu Shi Cheng continued: “Son, I have elaborated on so much because I want to tell you our formation path is one of the longest standing paths in history. Although it cannot be compared to space path and time path, it was created in the same era as qi path and wisdom path. Just based on seniority, it appeared even before transformation path.”


 As he said this, Tu Shi Cheng asked: “The essence of transformation path is to project countless paths, son, what do you think is the essence of formation path?”


 Although Fang Yuan’s attainment in formation path was extremely ordinary, this question was fairly simple and common, he knew about it.


 He replied: “Formation path contains countless paths.”


 “Haha, good answer!” Tu Shi Cheng did not stint on his praise, and gave a deeper explanation: “Our formation path can set up Gu formations, which can use Gu worms of space path and time path, we can also use Gu worms of metal path, wood path, fire path, water path and so on. Just because of this, formation path can be said to be the most complex path among all the paths.”


 “Setting up a Gu formation is very difficult, because it might need to use Gu worms of many other paths. As such, when cultivating formation path, we need to have some understanding of other paths, even if the understanding is not deep, we need to have basic knowledge of them, at the least, we need to have deep understanding of the Gu worms we are using.”


 Fang Yuan continued to nod while listening.


 This was one of the difficulties of formation path cultivation.


 Actually, every path had some areas which it was proficient in and weak in. For instance, cultivating enslavement path allowed one to fight many by oneself, but it had an extremely huge demand on resources.


 Cultivating and learning formation path was a large obstacle, because it involved Gu worms of other paths. Formation path Gu worms were only the foundation and framework of a Gu formation, the rest of the content required large numbers of Gu worms from other paths.


 Because of this, it was difficult to learn and master formation path.


 Nurturing a formation path expert was not easy. On one hand, it had high demand towards resources, time and knowledge, on the other hand, the Gu Master needed to have talent for it and put in effort as well.


 As such, in the Gu Immortal world, there had always been very few Gu Immortals who specialized in formation path.


 Naturally, this rarity was only relative, at the very least, there were more formation path Gu Immortals than wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 This was also the reason why Fang Yuan had not involved himself in formation path in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 The barrier to entry was high, and it was difficult to learn.


 “Son, since you have become a Gu Master today, I will give you your first Gu worm.” At this time, Tu Shi Cheng’s palm slowly opened, revealing a small Gu worm.


 This Gu looked like a ladybug, its carapace was glossy and round, it was as small as a little finger, and it had a glistening yellow shine, giving a cute appearance.


 “This is formation heart Gu, come, refine it first.” Tu Shi Cheng said.


 With Tu Shi Cheng’s help, Fang Yuan directly refined this rank one Gu worm.


 Formation heart Gu’s carapace opened up, the thin wings inside continuously flapped as it merrily flew around its new master, Fang Yuan.


 This Gu worm was not precious and could even be said to be extremely ordinary.


 Because it was one of the most basic Gu worms to lay a formation, and was commonly available throughout the five regions.


 “Alright, let’s play a game.” Tu Shi Cheng smiled, taking out four Gu worms.


 “They are all rank one Gu, I will lend them to you temporarily. Come, use your formation heart Gu as the core, choose the Gu worms from here and arrange them, see if you can form a Gu formation.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyebrows slightly rose, glancing at Tu Shi Cheng in surprise.


 Was this a joke?


 This boy had just become a Gu Master, and he wanted him to construct a Gu formation on the same day?


 Although Fang Yuan had not truly cultivated formation path, he had some superficial knowledge of formation path. For instance, normally speaking, this youth should only be involved in constructing a Gu formation after at least two to three months, After all, he had just become a Gu Master, controlling a Gu worm was strenuous, everything was new to him, calculating primeval essence, nourishing the aperture, feeding Gu worms, and other aspects, they all required him to adapt and train.


 Now, in this dream, this Tu Shi Cheng was actually asking his son, a boy who had just become a Gu Master, to construct a Gu formation?


 “Hah, this style of education is truly ‘original’... fortunately, it is a dream realm and it is all up to me. How could a normal child accomplish this task? Or maybe... it is because he could not accomplish this, his obsession turned into this dream realm?”


 While guessing, he sized up the four Gu worms.


 But, he actually was not able to recognize them all!


 With his knowledge, he only recognized three of them, and could not identify the remaining one.


 It was somewhat awkward.


 But when he thought of it, it was also not strange.


 The time period of this dream was the Late Antiquity Era, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not appeared yet, thus the situation compared to the present was very different.


 Moreover, there were countless Gu worms, unique and mysterious. There were also many innovated Gu worms and many secretly guarded Gu worms, of which little were known by others. How could Fang Yuan know of all the Gu worms?


 Even though he was not able to recognize them all, Fang Yuan was still aware of the paths of these four Gu worms.


 They were of earth path, water path, wind path and fire path.


 The one that Fang Yuan did not recognize was the earth path Gu worm.


 “To construct a Gu formation, I need to first understand these Gu worms. There is no need to worry about formation heart Gu, but what use does this earth path Gu worm have?” Fang Yuan intended to test this Gu and see its ability.


 But this action was stopped by Tu Shi Cheng.


 Tu Shi Cheng spoke with solemness: “Use your heart to sense it, listen to the sound of your heart, rely on your feelings. Construct the Gu formation according to your feelings. Remember, you only have one chance.”


 Fang Yuan was immediately dumbfounded.



***
Chapter 1324 - Fang Yuan’s Two Trump Cards


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Although Tu Shi Cheng was the father of this boy that Fang Yuan was disguised as, he was completely unreliable.


 What did he mean by rely on feelings?


 Innate talents could not be embodied like this.


 If the construction of the Gu formation failed, in a minor case, the Gu worms would be injured or destroyed, and in a severe case, the Gu Master themselves would suffer the backlash. If one could create a Gu formation just by relying on feelings, formation path Gu Immortals would not be so rare in the present five regions.


 Arranging a Gu formation was a precise and rigorous task, like deducing Immortal Gu recipes. They both were similar, requiring a process, detailed consideration and continuous tests.


 However, since the dream realm was like this, Fang Yuan calmed his mind, and continued to ponder how he should tackle this situation where it seemed he truly had to do it in the way Tu Shi Cheng said.


 Fang Yuan asked: “Do I need to use all the four Gu worms?”


 “Of course not. But you need to at least select two to set up a Gu formation.” Tu Shi Cheng replied.


 “I simply don’t know about this earth path Gu worm, so it will be better to give it up.” Fang Yuan continued to think, as such, he had three choices in front of him.


 “Hurry up, don’t think too much, rely on your feelings!” Just as Fang Yuan had spent slightly longer in thinking, Tu Shi Cheng’s expression sank a little, urging: “I will give you three breaths of time.”


 Three breaths of time?


 And there was only one chance!


 Wasn’t he purposely making it difficult?


 A thought flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind: “Do I need to use unravel dream?”


 His current accumulation was already different from the past. Last time, when he explored the giant dream realm, he had limited quantities of dream path mortal Gu, which led to a limited number of times that unravel dream could be used, Fang Yuan had to be very efficient when using it.


 But it was different now.


 Fang Yuan had enough confidence.


 Because he had captured many nightmare demonic colts, using these natural dream path immortal materials along with his persistent refinement, he now possessed very many dream path mortal Gu.


 Thus, the number of times he could use unravel dream was at a peak now.


 Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan had an unprecedented amount of confidence.


 “Forget it. This is only the first layer of the dream realm, even if it fails, I can continue to explore. Although I can use unravel dream much more now, I cannot waste it like this.”


 Fang Yuan thought for a moment and gave up on using unravel dream.


 He began to activate the Gu worms.


 First was formation heart Gu.


 This yellow ladybug was already refined by him, his primeval essence was consumed, it immediately hovered and stopped in front of Fang Yuan, shining with pale yellow light.


 “Fire path, water path, wind path...”


 Fang Yuan mumbled, since he had given up on the earth path Gu worm, then he only had these three choices remaining.


 He chose the rank one water path Gu worm.


 The reason for this choice was simple, his fire path and wind path attainment levels were ordinary, but in water path, he was a grandmaster!


 Grandmaster attainment was not for show.


 The water path Gu worm was successfully activated, it was bathed in the yellow light and revolved around the formation heart Gu, flying up and down.


 “Fire path and wind path...”


 Fang Yuan chose wind path.


 The wind path Gu worm also mixed in, and like the water path Gu worm, it flew around the formation heart Gu. It was just that the wind path Gu worm was in the periphery, while the water path Gu worm was nearer to the formation heart Gu.


 Fang Yuan waited for a bit. Among these three Gu worms, one was hovering in the air while the other two were continuously flying around, they were all activated but were still extremely stable.


 “Although they have not formed a true Gu formation, this progress is quite good.” Fang Yuan was slightly pleased.


 To use an analogy, arranging a Gu formation was like building blocks.


 Each Gu worm was a strangely shaped building block, the Gu Master needed to arrange these building blocks into the shape they wanted. These scattered building blocks would form high towers, buildings and other shapes, creating an effect that far surpassed the individual building block.


 Although Fang Yuan had not successfully arranged these building blocks into a shape, these three Gu worms were at least mutually compatible and did not collapse.


 This was quite good progress.


 However, a trace of gloominess and disappointment flashed past Tu Shi Cheng’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan, who was focused on setting up the Gu formation, did not notice it.


 “Now, I need to adjust it.”


 “Does the formation heart Gu need to stay in the center?”


 “Can the positions of the water path and wind path Gu be swapped? Water path inside, and wind path outside, can I adjust it to water path outside, and wind path inside?”


 “Or maybe, the water path Gu and the wind path Gu can be together, should I let the wind path Gu revolve around the water path Gu instead of the formation heart Gu?”


 As Fang Yuan pondered, all kinds of plans emerged in his mind.


 He did not know what results these plans could give, or what effects would they have.


 His formation path attainment was truly too lacking.


 “Rely on your feelings, stop hesitating.” Tu Shi Cheng urged, looking somewhat impatient.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, actually, he didn’t need Tu Shi Cheng’s urging, he also knew he had to take action.


 If nothing else, his primeval essence was about to dry up.


 In the dream realm, he had just become a Gu Master, although he had A grade aptitude, he was activating three Gu worms at the same time, which intensely burdened on his primeval essence.


 He already did not have much time to think.


 “Let’s give it a try then.” Fang Yuan inwardly gritted his teeth, as he activated the fire path Gu worm as well, putting it inside the newly created structure.


 He made no changes to the previous foundation.


 Because he did not know what use making changes would have, and also did not know if there was a need to make changes.


 He was a pure beginner with no feeling for the right action, the attempt was done blindly.


 “But my luck is good, maybe I can succeed by chance?” Fang Yuan still had some hope.


 But soon, his hope was ruined.


 The moment the fire path Gu worm was added in, it immediately led to a chain reaction.


 The fire path Gu’s strength joined with the wind path Gu, immediately increasing the power. This immediately conflicted with the water path Gu that was inside, water and fire were opposing forces, immediately creating an explosion.


 A soft explosion echoed, it was not intense, but it still exploded, covering Fang Yuan’s face with black soot.


 His hair stood up on end, white smoke was rising.


 At the same time, the formation heart Gu was directly destroyed, the other three Gu worms were also injured to various degrees; the water path and fire path Gu worms were on the verge of death, while the wind path Gu worm was also heavily injured.


 “You have failed!” Tu Shi Cheng’s expression changed, he said with a cold tone: “You truly disappoint me.”


 Guh.


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed as he was expelled out of the dream realm.


 The first exploration had failed.


 His soul returned to his body, his body slightly shook, his healthy complexion suddenly paled.


 Fang Yuan immediately inspected his injuries, and found that the injury to his soul was much more severe than he expected.


 But it did not matter.


 Guts Gu!


 Fang Yuan took out a guts Gu and crushed it, the injuries of his soul were immediately relieved greatly. Fang Yuan used another guts Gu, and immediately his soul injuries were completely healed.


 The slight sense of vertigo had disappeared at once.


 Because he had guts Gu, Fang Yuan was not afraid of failing in his dream realm exploration and his soul being injured.


 “Right now, I should be the first person to explore the dream realm. Even Shadow Sect’s remnant forces won’t be able to catch up to me.” Fang Yuan calculated.


 This was because he had two great trump cards to explore dream realms.


 First was guts Gu, it could heal soul injuries.


 Second was unravel dream. Once used, it would get one straight to solving the problem, its usefulness was somewhat unreasonable.


 Guts Gu came from Dang Hun Mountain, Fang Yuan had placed Dang Hun Mountain in Lang Ya blessed land, and was even cooperating with Lang Ya Sect in trading guts Gu.


 They had a monopoly on guts Gu business, they were the only ones producing it, and its demand was always higher than its supply.


 Recently, Fang Yuan had not been selling his portion of the guts Gu for profit, instead, he was accumulating them.


 He had a single objective, to be fully prepared in exploring the dream realm.


 Thus, he had large numbers of guts Gu with him. Because of this, he was short on money, and had no choice but to expand the scale of some of his resources to improve his finances.


 The first failure did not matter.


 With guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul immediately recovered, and could go for a second exploration.


 But he was not hurried, instead using connecting heaven Gu to let his divine sense enter treasure yellow heaven.


 He began to gather information.


 First was that earth path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not recognize it, so he needed to understand it.


 Fang Yuan soon bought a set of > from an earth path Gu Immortal.


 This was an information transaction and was among the businesses in treasure yellow heaven.


 There were transactions of methods to target against Gu worms, there were introductions and understandings of Gu paths, there was news of the present political situation, there were also deductions of time path and wisdom path Gu Immortals on the past, present and future.


 Fang Yuan naturally could rely on his five hundred years of experiences to sell information that could definitely attract people.


 But this kind of information was normally very cheap, and not long after selling them, Fang Yuan’s rebirth advantage would weaken, so Fang Yuan had never even considered it.


 Fang Yuan was not satisfied with just this Gu Immortal’s work, >, and bought some relevant information, naturally including some mortal formation path inheritances.


 These cost him close to ten immortal essence stones.


 To Fang Yuan, this was just peanuts.


 He soon learned of that earth path mortal Gu from the information he bought. This was a Gu worm that appeared in the early stages of the Late Antiquity Era. It was soon extinct, because the Gu materials required to refine it had been wiped out. The information recorded briefly introduced this earth path Gu worm’s ability. Fang Yuan even obtained the recipe of this earth path mortal Gu from another information source.



***
Chapter 1325 - Four Elements Concept


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Naturally, the practicality of this Gu recipe was extremely low.


 Because most of the materials for this Gu no longer existed.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to refine this mortal Gu, he would have to modify the recipe.


 He naturally would not do such a pointless thing. With the information he gathered, he already had a deep understanding of this mortal Gu.


 Next, Fang Yuan read those mortal formation path inheritances.


 This enriched some of his formation path foundation.


 Despite him not having taken the initiative to research formation path, he had come into contact with it indirectly in his first life, or come across some formation path contents in fortuitous encounters.


 As such, this enrichment was limited and not high in scope.


 It was just that he was only focusing on the test in the dream realm this time.


 He had an objective when gathering the formation path information, and he knew from some information: In the Late Antiquity Era, formation path had a prevailing concept.


 This concept stated that the four basic elements of earth, water, wind and fire could make a Gu formation stable, they could make most basic Gu formations and were the most inclusive.


 Naturally, this concept only prevailed for some time, after dozens of years, it went out of favor. Compared to the whole history of formation path, dozens of years was too short, this concept was like a small ripple that disappeared in the long river of history.


 “It is just like the origins of mankind. On Earth, people once believed that humans were made by divine beings, be it the Chinese concept of Nüwa creating mankind, or the Western concept of God creating mankind. This was an ideology that lasted for a long time, and after it dominated people’s thinking for a long period, it was broken by Darwin’s theory of evolution. But in regards to whether Darwin’s theory of evolution pointed precisely to the truth or not, as science develops, people over time may find flaws in it.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were wandering.


 This earth, water, wind and fire concept was similar.


 Following formation path’s development, people started to find that the Gu formations created by the four basic elements of earth, water, wind and fire were not the most inclusive formations.


 People made new discoveries, continuously deepening their knowledge and continuously progressing. Even though this concept was abandoned not long after, back then, it was progress of some kind.


 This information was quite valuable, it directly gave Fang Yuan the correct way to pass the first stage of the dream realm.


 “It turns out that I had to use all the Gu worms to truly create a Gu formation.” Fang Yuan gained an epiphany.


 At the same time, he sighed: “This Tu Shi Cheng is really quite deceitful, clearly all four Gu worms had to be used, but he actually played dumb and said I needed to use at least two mortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 Even though he knew this, he still did not know how to make the four Gu worms revolve around formation heart Gu to build an effective Gu formation.


 If these four mortal Gu could be refined, Fang Yuan could test it out in reality.


 This was also a common method used by laymen in deciphering dream realms in the early stages.


 But now, that earth path Gu worm was difficult to refine, even if he refined an earth path mortal Gu by modifying the Gu recipe, could it truly be the same as the one in the dream realm?


 This was a dream realm, sometimes there would be some differences in the dream realm from reality, and it was not a direct reproduction of reality.


 Fang Yuan pondered, and decided it was better to test it in the dream realm.


 The second attempt played out like before. But this time, Fang Yuan chose to activate all these four mortal Gu at the same time and coordinate them with formation heart Gu.


 It failed.


 The four mortal Gu self-detonated simultaneously, Fang Yuan was injured and kicked out of the dream realm.


 The third attempt, Fang Yuan chose to use the earth path Gu worm first, and water path Gu worm second, but it failed again.


 Following the fourth attempt and fifth attempt... only by the seventh attempt did Fang Yuan succeeded.


 The four mortal Gu were flying around formation heart Gu. The water path and fire path Gu worms were flying in an elliptic orbit, sometimes near and sometimes far from formation heart Gu. Earth path Gu was hovering below formation heart Gu, while the wind path Gu was hovering above, both were still.


 Under the control of formation heart Gu, these four Gu worms formed a mysterious force that continuously let out hazy rainbow colors.


 A Gu Master’s primeval essence would recover at twice the speed inside this light.


 “To Gu Masters, this is an extremely practical Gu formation!” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 “Hahaha, good, very good, you are truly my son, you have natural talent for formation path after all!” Tu Shi Cheng laughed loudly and happily at Fang Yuan’s success.


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 The hill, the sky, and the land slowly disappeared from Fang Yuan’s vision.


 The first stage of the dream realm was over, the second stage was starting.


 Fang Yuan breathed out a sigh of relief, he had persisted on not using unravel dream in the first stage, in the end, only about ten or so guts Gu were consumed, the total expenses were still low.


 Without checking how much his formation path attainment had risen, Fang Yuan focused his attention on the surroundings.


 He discovered he was in a cage.


 And inside this enormous cage, there was a smaller cage.


 Inside this cage was a pitch black panther, it was skinny and its eyes shined with mad hunger, indicating how dangerous it was right now.


 “What’s going on?” Fang Yuan was bewildered.


 Right at this moment, Tu Shi Cheng, who was standing outside the cage, said to Fang Yuan: “I will give you five minutes to arrange these Gu worms into a Gu formation. After five minutes are over, this panther will be released, I absolutely won’t make a move at that time, and will only see if you can use the Gu formation to resist this panther.”


 “What?!” Fang Yuan’s eyes opened wide.


 This method of education, hey, are you really this kid’s father?


 “You are the son of Tu Shi Cheng, you can definitely do it. If you can’t do it, then you are not worthy of being my son!” Tu Shi Cheng continued with an expressionless face.


 “My goodness!” Fang Yuan thought, lips twitching as he looked at himself.


 He found that he had not grown much and not much time had passed since the first stage, he was at most about the age of fourteen.


 “This Tu Shi Cheng looks like he should be a righteous path Gu Immortal, why is he so heartless? Maybe this is intimidation to force his son to fully release his potential?”


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 “Regardless of who this Tu Shi Cheng’s son is, he is truly unlucky.”


 Time was limited, Fang Yuan calmed his mood and began to inspect the Gu worms he had.


 The caged panther was only an ordinary beast, but with his current young body, he definitely could not oppose it.


 He could only make a Gu formation to resist it.


 There were five Gu worms, they were still rank one. Among them, one was formation heart Gu, while the other four belonged to earth path, wind path, water path and fire path.


 It was almost the same as in the first stage.


 The difference was that although the paths were the same, the four Gu worms were different ones from the first stage.


 How should he group these Gu worms to form a Gu formation?


 Fang Yuan began to try.


 With the precious experience from the first stage, Fang Yuan was quite proficient.


 The first attempt quickly failed, Fang Yuan spat out a mouthful of blood in the dream realm due to the backlash, but fortunately, the Gu worms were not injured.


 He was also not expelled from the dream realm.


 “Looks like I can continue to try until the limit of five minutes is reached?”


 “Although there are still chances to continue, there is in fact almost no hope.”


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 Because of the injuries, although nothing happened to the Gu worms, his own state was very bad, his primeval essence had depleted and he was injured.


 Fang Yuan soon discovered that because of the injuries, when he continued to try again, he was unsteady, and although the Gu worms flew up, they were shaking.


 The second attempt also failed.


 There was more time left, but Fang Yuan was unable to continue attempting, because a Gu worm had died in the second failure.


 If it were any of the other paths mortal Gu, it would not be the end, but it just happened to be the formation heart Gu.


 “Father, my Gu worm is destroyed, can you give me another formation heart Gu?” Fang Yuan quickly asked.


 But the reply he got was a ruthless shake of the head from Tu Shi Cheng: “What if you were in a battle, who would give you a substitute Gu worm? Son, you disappointed me, you have no chances left.”


 Sure enough, the moment the time limit was reached, the small cage opened up and the panther pounced forward, biting at Fang Yuan’s throat instantly.


 This dream realm was extremely realistic, Fang Yuan could clearly sense his throat being torn, his breathing becoming difficult, the heartrending pain that came when his skin was ripped apart by the panther’s sharp fangs.


 Blood spewed out rapidly from his wounds, and the panther drank it contentedly.


 Tu Shi Cheng shook his head, sighing: “You are not worthy of being my son.”


 He then turned around and left.


 “Not giving the solution even at the end, is this Tu Shi Cheng of the righteous path or demonic path?” After being expelled from the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s soul returned to his body, he was naturally gloomy.


 After using guts Gu to heal his injuries, he continued to explore.


 Second failure, third failure, forth failure...


 Every time he failed, Fang Yuan would be killed by the panther and relive the miserable pain from being eaten alive.


 If it were any other person, their mind might have already collapsed.


 However, Fang Yuan was not afraid, he had suffered pain beyond this an uncountable number of times.


 He only treated the pain as a cool breeze blowing across his face, his mind still focused on constructing the Gu formation.


 Tenth failure, eleventh, twelfth...


 This second stage was much more difficult than the first stage. After Fang Yuan was expelled from the dream realm, his soul injuries were also much more severe than what he suffered in the first stage.


 His soul would be healed using just two guts Gu in the first stage, but in the second stage, he needed at least three guts Gu and sometimes even four to be healed.


 Fang Yuan calmly calculated his expenses.


 “If this continues, the cost will become steeper, do I have to use unravel dream?”


 “Wait.”


 While he was feeling troubled, he suddenly had an inspiration.


 He entered the dream realm and continued to attempt it.


 There was a way!



***
Chapter 1326 - Rise in Formation Path Attainment Level


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A while later, after two tries, Fang Yuan successfully constructed a Gu formation in the dream realm.


 This Gu formation still used formation heart Gu as the core, it was just that the earth path Gu worm was hovering above the formation heart Gu, while the fire path and wind path Gu worms revolved around the water path Gu worm. And the water path Gu worm spanned the distance of a hand below the formation heart Gu, continuously moving up and down.


 The Gu formation made by these Gu worms emitted a hazy white light that shrouded the panther.


 That’s right.


 This Gu formation was an entrapment Gu formation targeted at the panther, and did not protect the Gu Master themselves.


 Constructing it was not easy. The panther continuously moved around, influencing the construction of the Gu formation. Occasionally, Fang Yuan had to stop and wait for the panther to move away from a specific location 1 .


 This was also the reason why Tu Shi Cheng gave five minutes, Fang Yuan needed the time to arrange the formation.


 “Hahaha, good, you are indeed my son! You will continue to study with me in the following days. In a month, there will be an even stricter test which will concern your life and death. If you cannot pass, you shall die.” Tu Shi Cheng laughed, his laughter containing madness.


 Fang Yuan’s young body was standing inside the cage, he glanced at the panther that was constantly struggling inside the Gu formation, and then glanced at Tu Shi Cheng, sighing softly.


 This formation path dream realm’s second stage was passed.


 Next was the third stage.


 Fang Yuan followed Tu Shi Cheng to a riverside where the tides were coming in fast.


 Looking at the water of this river that was flowing to the east and was red like blood, Fang Yuan immediately realized: this was Southern Border’s red dragon river.


 Southern Border had three great rivers that passed through the whole region, red dragon river, jade dragon river and yellow dragon river.


 Fang Yuan immediately had a bad feeling when he saw this river.


 Sure enough, at the next moment, he heard Tu Shi Cheng’s voice: “I have already lent you the Gu worms, now you can only depend on yourself, if you cannot construct a Gu formation, you are well aware of the consequences.”


 Fang Yuan was just about to speak to stall for time, but he was slapped on the back by Tu Shi Cheng.


 Fang Yuan was simply unable to resist the enormous strength and was immediately pushed into red dragon river.


 “F*ck!” Fang Yuan cursed inwardly as he fell into the surging river and was immediately swept away by the current helplessly.


 Fang Yuan struggled with all his might, he only had a young body, fortunately, Fang Yuan’s swimming ability was carried over, and after struggling for a while, he was able to raise his head out of the water and took in large breaths.


 Making the best use of his time, Fang Yuan inspected the Gu worms he had.


 “Damn it!” Soon, he mentally cursed once again, because this time, it was not just the four mortal Gu like he expected, but twelve.


 He had to arrange them in such a short period of time?


 There were too many ways to arrange them, and under such terrible conditions, hope was slim.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate this time, and directly activated unravel dream!


 Immediately, an answer appeared in his mind.


 He immediately understood the first three steps of how to activate the Gu worms and arrange the Gu formation.


 “Only the first three steps?” Fang Yuan had no choice but to continue to activate unravel dream, the fourth step, fifth step and sixth step also appeared in his mind.


 It was an accurate and precise answer.


 But there were still some steps from being able to construct the Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan was just about to activate unravel dream for the third time, when suddenly a change occurred in the river, and he was swallowed by a whirlpool.


 Bam, a muffled sound echoed.


 Fang Yuan crashed head-first into a tree floating in the whirlpool, falling unconscious immediately.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan woke up, he had returned to reality.


 His soul was severely injured, making him see stars.


 He quickly used guts Gu, one, two... six guts Gu before he finally recovered.


 “The third stage is even more difficult, the environment to arrange the formation is so hazardous.”


 “But...”


 “My formation path attainment has already advanced to quasi-master level.”


 After Fang Yuan realized it, he slowly opened his eyes with a trace of joy.


 What was attainment level?


 Attainment level was a Gu Master’s unique cognition, involving their sensations and experiences, their insights towards nurturing, using, refining Gu and so on, summed up and condensed. It was their comprehension of the Great Dao of heaven and earth.


 Attainment levels were divided into five levels, ordinary, master, grandmaster, great grandmaster and supreme grandmaster.


 Naturally, in-between these, there were small levels like quasi-master, quasi-grandmaster and quasi-great grandmaster.


 Ordinary attainment was the level that most Gu Masters would reach in their lifetimes.


 Quasi-master attainment was already rare. Young Gu Masters with outstanding aptitude or experienced old Gu Masters could reach this.


 Master level was when the use of Gu worms went beyond superficial workmanship to the level of an art. It was rare to find even one master among ten thousand Gu Masters. For example, during the contest of Imperial Court, there were only five enslavement path masters – Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying, Ma Zun, Chang Shan Yin (Fang Yuan) and Nu Er Tu. Naturally, the one in ten thousand was referring to mortals, to rank six Gu Immortals, their main paths were this level at minimum.


 Those who possessed quasi-grandmaster attainment were often elites among rank six Gu Immortals.


 Grandmaster level was when one had a very profound grasp of the path, having deep foundations and being able to mimic the effects of other paths. Specifically, the main path’s Gu worms could be used to imitate the advantages of other paths. Hei Fan’s true inheritance had an immortal killer move, hundred years harmony, which was a classic example. It used time path Gu worms to produce an effect of information path. This also showed that Hei Fan’s time path attainment level was at least grandmaster.


 Normally speaking, there were few Gu Immortals that could attain grandmaster level. It often required a hundred years or even hundreds of years of accumulation, along with natural talent. In Fang Yuan’s first life, he had attained grandmaster in blood path only in the latter stage of his five hundred years of life.


 Those whom were able to have grandmaster attainment level were mostly rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Above grandmaster was quasi-great grandmaster, which was even rarer, they were often rank seven experts or certain rank eights.


 As for great grandmaster level, most rank eight Gu Immortals would attain this in their lifetimes.


 Those whom were able to attain quasi-supreme grandmaster were scarce, few produced even in thousands of years.


 The rarity of supreme grandmasters need not be explained, for instance, in refinement path, there were only three supreme grandmasters in history. Among them was a hairy man — Long Hair Ancestor.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level could not even be counted as ordinary, but now it had soared to quasi-master level.


 Most Gu Masters would find it difficult to reach this in their lifetimes, no matter how much effort they put in.


 Fang Yuan had attained this just by using up a few days of time and exploring two stages of the dream realm.


 This was the power of dream realms.


 They contained true meaning, once a Gu Immortal successfully explored a dream realm and obtained the true meaning, their attainment level would be directly raised and their understanding of part of the Great Dao would be deepened.


 “Just two stages were enough to advance to quasi-master level in formation path, this dream realm is extraordinary.”


 “No wonder it has such difficulty.”


 “But I really haven’t heard of Tu Shi Cheng...”


 His method of education was truly unique, leaving Fang Yuan speechless. But the person he was educating was this dream realm’s source. This youth was clearly a major character.


 Fang Yuan could clearly sense he was only a step away from master level in formation path.


 “As long as I complete the third stage, my formation path attainment level will soar to master!”


 Fang Yuan excitedly licked his lips.


 A successful exploration of the dream realm raised his foundation, this increase was so huge, allowing Fang Yuan to go through an extraordinary shortcut, and he was unable to stop desiring for more.


 But since he had already left the dream realm, Fang Yuan was not in haste to go back in.


 He recalled all the scenes in the third stage, especially the Gu worms with him.


 He had only recognized sixty percent of them, thus he was now searching for information on these Gu worms to increase his understanding.


 These were all mortal Gu, it was just that most of them had long since vanished in history.


 Fang Yuan soon found the information he wanted, and gained an understanding of these mortal Gu.


 Then he began to re-read those mortal formation path inheritances he had bought before.


 The feeling he got from reading this time was a completely different experience from before!


 Previously, Fang Yuan only saw the surface of most of the contents of the inheritances, but now, he was able to see their deeper meanings with just one look. They were clearly things he had already read, but Fang Yuan made new discoveries this time.


 This feeling was extremely mysterious, like sudden enlightenment.


 However, there were things which Fang Yuan could not completely comprehend.


 After all, he was only at quasi-master, some outstanding characters among mortal Gu Masters could reach master level. The inheritances they left behind naturally had some things Fang Yuan could not understand properly at the moment.


 Fang Yuan was immersed in the profundity of formation path, unaware of the passing time.


 If he was thirsty, he drank water, if he was hungry, he ate some fruits.


 Many thoughts emerged and disappeared like waves in his mind, he was using wisdom path methods to help quicken his progress of learning formation path.


 Formation path’s contents were truly vast, having connections with every path. Thus, it was considered the most complicated path.


 Only when Wu An requested an audience did Fang Yuan slowly come back to his senses.


 “Unknowingly, eight days have already passed...” Fang Yuan was in a daze for a moment before his gaze slowly cleared up.


 In his mind, most of the disordered thoughts gradually faded.


 For the last ten days, Fang Yuan was lost in the learning process, not only did his formation path attainment level receive a boost, his comprehension of various basic contents of formation path had also strengthened.


 “What is he here for?” Fang Yuan impatiently furrowed his brows.


 But after thinking for a moment, he still decided to see this Wu clan Gu Immortal.


 As it turned out, Wu An brought over Lady White Rabbit, who reported the situation of the dream realm business and gave concrete accounts to Fang Yuan for inspection.


 Despite Fang Yuan not placing attention on this business, he was, after all, the leader of the whole business.


 As a subordinate, Lady White Rabbit had to hand over the report.



***
Chapter 1327 - Letter of Challenge to Chi Shang


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan roughly skimmed through the accounts, increasing his understanding of the forces around him. He then asked Wu An and Lady White Rabbit to leave.


 “Lord, there is a matter, I don’t know if I should speak of it or not.” Before leaving, Wu An spoke with some hesitation.


 “Speak.” Fang Yuan was straightforward.


 Wu An reported to Fang Yuan that there were some rumors recently saying that Chi clan Gu Immortal Chi Shang was coming over to inspect the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood Wu An’s meaning, and waved for him to leave.


 “Qiao Si Liu has many pursuers, this Chi Shang is the most important one among them.”


 “He has never taken the initiative to do an inspection, this time, he is most likely coming over to find trouble with me.”


 However, righteous path Gu Immortals could not disregard all considerations and engage in life and death battle. At most, there would be a drop in reputation.


 “At worst, I will give up my reputation and avoid fighting.” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin: “But I also need to prevent my secrets from being exposed. After all, this super Gu formation was built under the leadership of Chi clan. Among Southern Border’s super forces, Chi clan is absolutely the number one force in formation path.”


 Fang Yuan already understood those mortal formation path contents clearly, and there were only a few things which he could not understand completely.


 However, when he looked at this super Gu formation he was in, there was still no change, he was still dazzled like an ant facing a vast river of stars.


 Chi clan’s first supreme elder had personally set up this super Gu formation, he was a great grandmaster in formation path!


 Chi Shang’s arrival was quicker than everyone’s expectations.


 A banquet to welcome him was essential.


 Because Chi Shang represented Chi clan in this trip, what’s more, he was responsible for inspecting around the super Gu formation to see if there were any defensive flaws and so on.


 During the banquet, everyone interacted with each other, portraying a cohesive gathering on the outside, but secretly, there were undercurrents brewing.


 The perceptive people knew this was not originally Chi Shang’s task, but he had taken the initiative for this duty. Everyone in Southern Border knew Chi Shang was pursuing Qiao Si Liu, but in these recent times, there were rumors of Wu Yi Hai being very close with Qiao Si Liu.


 Chi Shang’s objective in this trip was self-evident.


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan did not partake in this banquet, instead holed up in the Gu formation, continuing to explore the dream realm.


 Many people interested in this could not help but be disappointed at not being able to see a good show.


 Ba De slowly put down his cup: “Nephew Chi Shang, I have already introduced all the Gu Immortals here to you, they are all elites. Unfortunately, there is still one person who has not appeared today, this person is even more outstanding. He came from Eastern Sea, and later on, became a part of our Southern Border. Recently, he has defeated Xia Fei Kuai and Mountain Moving Old Monster, and is the head of Wu clan here.”


 All the Gu Immortals in the banquet felt a jolt in their minds, they all knew precisely whom Ba De was talking about.


 Chi Shang wore a white robe, he had a handsome face, deep eyes and an aquiline nose, giving him a dark and devious aura. He was a hundred and sixty years old by now.


 Old Treeman Ba De was much older than him. Chi clan and Ba clan were also united by marriage, thus Ba De was not randomly addressing Chi Shang by calling him nephew.


 Chi Shang smiled: “I have also heard of the great name of Wu Yi Hai. It is truly regretful that I could not meet him today. But I will be here for some time, and I will also be inspecting all around the Gu formation. At that time, I will definitely meet Wu Yi Hai.”


 Chi Shang showcased initiative, immediately making everyone think over this: Fang Yuan, who was hiding away, looked quite weak-willed, compared to Chi Shang.


 The banquet ended, Wu An and Wu Liao were aggrieved, and both requested to have an audience with Fang Yuan.


 They had a very uncomfortable time in this banquet. They were cast aside by the others and even taunted, the only thing missing was nobody asking them for a spar.


 “Oh? Since that is the case, then I shall hold a banquet tomorrow, send an invitation to Chi Shang.” Fang Yuan thought for a bit, before speaking.


 Wu An and Wu Liao glanced at each other, they felt excited as they retreated with Fang Yuan’s order.


 Only Fang Yuan, alone, remained in the large hall.


 He walked to the depths of the hall and looked at the dream realm.


 He had already explored more than half of this formation path dream realm.


 After using unravel dream, Fang Yuan had passed through the third, fourth and fifth stages.


 The main contents of the dream realm were Tu Shi Cheng teaching his son about formation path. His education style was brutal and harsh, using survival to forcefully stimulate his son’s potential, Fang Yuan had suffered so much from this that he no longer had the energy to curse.


 Unravel dream had outstanding effects indeed, these stages were no obstacle to Fang Yuan, letting Fang Yuan’s current formation path attainment soar once again. He had not only stepped into master level, he even went one step further, becoming a quasi-grandmaster.


 “But I still am a long way from truly reaching formation path grandmaster level.” Fang Yuan had an extremely clear sensation of this.


 Towards the later stages, attainment levels became increasingly difficult to raise.


 “This dream realm is still not over, according to its size, there are at least two stages left!”


 “This Tu Shi Cheng’s son was truly amazing, his formation path attainment was definitely above grandmaster level.”


 “But recently, Chi Shang has been inspecting the various places of the Gu formation, I should restrain myself a bit and stop exploring the dream realm.”


 After all, this super Gu formation was constructed mainly by Chi clan, Fang Yuan was still not able to thoroughly understand this super Gu formation, so it was better for him to be careful.


 Fang Yuan knew that once the secret of him being able to effectively explore dream realms was exposed, it would create an extremely huge impact.


 At that time, not only Southern Border, the other four regions would also be shaken and would mobilize their forces to find him.


 “Wu Yi Hai is inviting me to a banquet tomorrow?” Looking at Wu An, Chi Shang smiled.


 “I appreciate Wu Yi Hai’s good intention, but... forgive me, I am on official business and have to prioritize it, wait for me to finish inspecting the Gu formation, after that, I can visit to thank him for his hospitality.” Chi Shang refused Fang Yuan’s invitation with a slight smile on his face.


 Wu An felt helpless, as he left with a face filled with anger and embarrassment, he reported this to Fang Yuan.


 Chi Shang’s action was slightly overboard and had slapped Wu clan’s face. This made both Wu Liao and Wu An indignant.


 The other clans’ Gu Immortals, however, were secretly laughing at this, anticipating a good show.


 Regardless, Fang Yuan was calm the whole time.


 He indifferently looked at Wu An and Wu Liao: “Since that is the case, then we shall wait.”


 He did not look the least bit angry.


 “But...” Wu An and Wu Liao were inwardly anxious, feeling like their face had been torn by Chi Shang, but since Fang Yuan did not look anxious at all, they could only take their leave.


 Although Fang Yuan could not continue exploring the dream realm, he still had a lot of other things to do.


 For instance, constructing coiling thread caves to expand the scale of regretful spiders.


 This was to be the sovereign immortal aperture’s second large scale resource expansion.


 Fang Yuan had been preparing for it these last days.


 It was all to construct an environment that was suitable for ordinary spiders to qualitatively transform into regretful spiders.


 According to Dong Fang tribe’s method, constructing coiling thread caves required setting up a Gu formation, and it also required a rank six immortal material, dark soft silk, and a rank seven immortal material, regret water rock.


 Fang Yuan had already gathered dark soft silk and regret water rocks, he had paid a large amount of immortal essence stones as well as some other immortal materials for them.


 Next was setting up the Gu formation.


 This was clearly a Gu formation that concerned immortal materials.


 Normally speaking, this kind of Gu formation which relied upon immortal materials could only be deduced and created by a grandmaster level formation path Gu Immortal. And a great grandmaster formation path Gu Immortal could construct a Gu formation using the natural dao marks in the world as the foundation.


 Prior to exploring the formation path dream realm, Fang Yuan felt like he was looking at an illegible book when he considered this Gu formation. But now, he understood it clearly, after all, he had quasi-grandmaster attainment.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan still had some inspiration.


 “Maybe I can improve this Gu formation and add in perseverance Immortal Gu! According to the principle of this Gu formation, if I add in perseverance Immortal Gu, the production of regretful spiders will at least multiply by eight.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart thumped with excitement at such a concept.


 If he could achieve this target, then the regretful spider business would surpass the dragonfish. The profits it could bring Fang Yuan could surpass even the guts Gu business.


 This seemed to be exaggerated, but if looked at carefully, it was true!


 Guts Gu’s production was restricted by the quality and the quantity of souls. Currently, Lang Ya Sect was killing desolate beasts in Tai Qiu and using their souls as the resources to produce guts Gu. They were also bringing in some souls from treasure yellow heaven as well as the northern icy plain as replenishment.


 The key point was there was Western Desert’s Xiao clan, which could take in all the regretful spiders even if its supply was much higher.


 There was no need to worry about the sales of regretful spiders, furthermore, Fang Yuan had a collaborative relationship with Xiao clan.


 Fang Yuan started deducing.


 But soon, he ran into a problem.


 He was unable to arrange a part of the Gu formation, this already surpassed his limits regardless of how many wisdom path methods he used.


 “I am only a quasi-grandmaster, if I were a grandmaster, I would have the foundation to modify this Gu formation.” Fang Yuan realized.


 “But although I am not a formation path grandmaster, there is someone nearby who has this attainment level.”


 This person was none other than Chi Shang!


 After Chi Shang refused Fang Yuan’s invitation, he started patrolling all the places around the super Gu formation.


 Every stationed Gu Immortal welcomed Chi Shang warmly.


 Chi Shang was intentionally delaying his inspection. Everyone knew that the longer he delayed, the more Wu clan’s face would be lost.


 Naturally, it was Wu Yi Hai that Chi Shang held hostility towards, not Wu clan.


 A love rival!


 “Wu Yi Hai, you think of yourself as so high and mighty, you look down on me. By inviting me, do you think I will scuttle towards you? Hmph! I want you to come look for me personally!” Chi Shang had such an intention in his mind.


 But soon, this plan of his was destroyed.


 Because Fang Yuan’s letter of challenge was in his hands.


 In the letter, Fang Yuan wrote: I once toured scenic spots with Fairy Si Liu, and in that time, your name was mentioned. Fairy Si Liu praised you as a genius in formation path, but I, Wu Yi Hai, don’t accept that. I have created a formation path problem, let’s see if you can answer it. If you can, then it is your win. If you can’t, it is your loss, I will be informing Fairy Si Liu of this result when I return.


 Chi Shang completely lost it!


 “Wu Yi Hai, as expected, you could not take it any more.”


 “But you actually want to use formation path to trouble me?”


 “You, a transformation path Gu Immortal, want to use formation path to embarrass me? What gave you the guts?!”


 “You are asking for your own humiliation! I will definitely tell Fairy Si Liu of your loss and prove my, Chi Shang’s, strength!!”



***
Chapter 1328 - Fang Yuan’s Shamelessness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chi Shang felt he was humiliated.


 Yes, humiliated!


 At present, in the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world, who did not know of Wu Yi Hai’s identity? Who was not aware he cultivated transformation path? But now, Fang Yuan did not use his primary cultivation to trouble Chi Shang, but instead picked Chi Shang’s most proficient domain.


 This was like saying: I don’t need to use transformation path to trouble you, because you simply can’t compare to me!


 The disdain overflowed in this challenge.


 He could not take it!


 This could not be endured!


 Chi Shang’s eyes were wide open as he pinched Fang Yuan’s information path Gu worm and mumbled: “Let me see what problem you brought out.”


 “Eh? This is quite something...”


 Soon, a trace of solemness appeared on Chi Shang’s face.


 As far as he was concerned, Fang Yuan’s question was quite challenging.


 But soon, Chi Shang settled himself: “No wonder he is confident of using formation path to harass me. This problem is slightly difficult.”


 “He made this problem? That should not be possible! His main cultivation is transformation path, it should be a Wu clan formation path Gu Immortal behind him who created this problem. Hmph, with his identity as Wu Yong’s brother, how could Wu clan’s Gu Immortals not help him?”


 Although Wu clan was not specialized in formation path, as long as it was a super force, they would have some involvement in formation path.


 Because super forces needed to guard their resource points, and had a large scale demand for Gu formations.


 “But even if a Wu clan Gu Immortal helped you, so what? In terms of the clan’s strength, my Chi clan is indeed slightly inferior. But if just comparing formation path attainment, my Chi clan is undoubtedly in first place in Southern Border!”


 Chi Shang felt intense pride towards his clan.


 He gathered all his senses and dived into Fang Yuan’s problem.


 The more he pondered, the more he lost himself.


 With his analysis, he had divided the problem into dozens of segments.


 “Normal methods cannot be used to solve the issue of water and fire opposing each other.”


 “The whole Gu formation demands a circular formation, a square formation can be discarded...”


 “How to solve this difficulty?”


 “Hiss... this is slightly difficult.”


 “But this can’t defeat me!”


 Chi Shang’s fighting spirit soared high like he had been injected with adrenaline, he inwardly told himself that he had to teach Fang Yuan a fierce lesson!


 Let him know that he, Chi Shang, could not be humiliated!


 “Lord, the evening banquet that Luo clan’s Gu Immortals invited you to is going to start soon. We should be on our way.” At this time, a rank six Gu Immortal of Chi clan, Chi Liu, reminded Chi Shang from outside the door.


 “Not going, not going!” Chi Shang did not even raise his head, he refused while continuing to deduce the problems in his mind.


 “But, we already agreed...” Chi Liu hesitated.


 “I said I am not going. Leave.” Chi Shang impatiently replied.


 Chi Liu could only helplessly leave.


 Chi Shang took in a deep breath, looking at the formation path problem Fang Yuan sent him, his eyes brightened as he mumbled: “What good is there in a banquet? The important thing is to defeat him! The faster I can solve this problem, the better it is. You, you dare to humiliate me!”


 The night passed like this.


 Chi Shang had not slept the whole time, his eyes were bloodshot, his hair was in a mess and he was extremely tired.


 With a Gu Immortal’s physique, it did not matter if they stayed up all night. But Chi Shang was rather exhausted, he had not rested even a moment during this night, and had put in all his effort to deduce and plan, taxing both his mind and energy.


 “This problem is indeed slightly difficult. But... I have already solved it. Hahaha, you dare to mess with me! I will let you taste my awesomeness!”


 Despite being exhausted, Chi Shang was extremely excited and laughed heartily.


 He could not wait to see how Fang Yuan would respond.


 “I will go right now and enjoy your expression!”


 Chi Shang walked to the entrance when he suddenly stopped.


 “Hmm? No! I am standing against Wu Yi Hai right now, we are like generals, how could I take the initiative to visit him? My reputation will be lost! I need to send a subordinate...”


 Soon after, Chi clan rank six Gu Immortal Chi Liu arrived in Chi Shang’s study.


 “Little Liu, send this to Wu Yi Hai. Haha, I want to teach him a lesson!” Chi Shang instructed.


 Chi Liu quickly agreed.


 His cultivation level was lower than Chi Shang, and he knew Chi Shang was the hope of Chi clan in formation path. Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You, had said a few times in the past that Chi Shang would inherit his legacy.


 The significance of these words was huge.


 Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster, him acknowledging Chi Shang meant Chi Shang was very likely to become a formation path great grandmaster as well.


 Chi Shang also did not let down the clan.


 He had displayed his talents and aptitude in formation path since a young age, and with the clan’s resources being poured into him, he cultivated hard all year round and did not slack. After receiving Chi clan’s nurturing, his current formation path attainment was not to be underestimated.


 “Hmm... relaxing.” Fang Yuan slowly woke up and stretched out his arms.


 Although his soul had the protection of guts Gu, it would become agitated when used too much.


 Guts Gu was not able to resolve this, but sleep could restore the soul’s calmness.


 After Fang Yuan had a night’s sleep, his exhausted state was swept away, and his mind was vigorous again.


 Chi Shang’s information path mortal Gu had already been delivered while he was asleep.


 When Fang Yuan glanced at it, a look of pleasant surprise flashed past his eyes: “Oh? He indeed solved it!”


 “This speed is quite fast.”


 Fang Yuan sighed as he then immersed himself into the information and started studying it.


 His eyes shined repeatedly as he gained great enlightenment from Chi Shang’s solution.


 “So it was like this!” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin, this was a completely new thought process and it opened a new window to him.


 “According to this thought process, this answer is still not suitable for my entire Gu formation, I need to make slight adjustments in some areas.”


 Fang Yuan inwardly pondered.


 He did not give the whole Gu formation to Chi Shang, and only took out parts of it for Chi Shang to solve.


 Chi Shang’s answers had no errors, but there would still be deviations when the entire Gu formation was arranged.


 However, Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was already at quasi-grandmaster, and using the foundation of these answers, he fully could make some adjustments.


 Chi Shang was a grandmaster, and Fang Yuan a quasi-grandmaster, there was not a huge difference between the two. If the difference was too high, it would be impossible to modify the formation.


 It was just like how Fang Yuan currently saw this super Gu formation that covered the dream realm, it was still a mystery to him, he could not understand a thing.


 Fang Yuan made huge gains by receiving the answer to the issue that was troubling him.


 “Indeed worthy of being Southern Border’s Chi clan.” He mumbled, praising Chi Shang’s formation path attainment.


 With this problem solved, Fang Yuan could continue his plan to modify the Gu formation.


 His mind was calm and serene, as he began deducing once again.


 A few days passed like this.


 Chi Shang was very anxious.


 After he sent the answer, he had been waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply. But, even after some days, he had not received a response, he did not even feel he could taste his food and drinks properly.


 “What is Wu Yi Hai playing at?” Chi Shang mumbled.


 “Chi Shang, what did you say?” In the banquet, a Luo clan Gu Immortal asked in confusion.


 Chi Shang slowly came to his senses, only then realizing he was still in the banquet.


 He had refused a banquet invitation from Luo clan before, but after solving Fang Yuan’s problem, he came to attend one.


 He had to attend it, otherwise, was it not the same as not giving face to Luo clan?


 Gu Immortal Chi Gui, who was sitting at the side, quickly mediated: “Forgive us, Chi Shang has always been like this. His mind often wanders, sometimes he even forgets to eat when he is thinking of a formation path problem. He would stand still all of a sudden, and it can happen even while he is walking.”


 Chi Gui had rank seven cultivation, and was the leader of the Chi clansmen stationed here.


 The Luo clan Gu Immortal laughed loudly: “I have heard about Chi Shang’s behavior. He is indeed a formation path genius. Sigh, if my Luo clan could produce one or two geniuses with just twenty or thirty percent of Chi Shang’s talents, I would be content.”


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly furrowed.


 He ran into another problem.


 “It seems modifying this Gu formation is already beyond my limits.”


 Fang Yuan had encountered a new problem, and this one was much more difficult than the previous one.


 He could still make an attempt for the previous one, but this time, he did not even think to attempt it as his ideas were too unreliable.


 “Since that is the case, let’s hand it to Chi Shang.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 “It’s here, it’s here.” When Chi Shang returned to Chi clan’s station, he soon got Fang Yuan’s information path mortal Gu.


 His eyes brightened in excitement.


 “Do you think it was easy for me!”


 “Even I was getting impatient from waiting.”


 Chi Shang sneered while feeling proud. Right now, he was like a winner picking up his battle spoils.


 However, after his consciousness entered and he learned of the contents in the information path mortal Gu, his eyes opened wide in anger.


 “What is Wu Yi Hai saying!”


 “He is actually acting so shamelessly?!”


 Chi Shang immediately cursed.


 In the letter, Fang Yuan did not mention a single word about the previous challenge letter, instead, he casually admitted Chi Shang had some ability. Naturally, it could also be Chi Shang getting lucky.


 “If you can solve this problem, I will admit you have the qualifications to pursue Fairy Si Liu.” This was what was written in the letter.


 At the mention of Qiao Si Liu, Chi Shang was even more unable to endure it.


 “Are my qualifications up to you to decide?”


 “Wu Yi Hai, I misjudged you. You shameless guy!”


 Chi Shang felt like Fang Yuan was standing in front of him, sneering in disdain and looking down on him.


 He suddenly had a strong impulse to rip apart Fang Yuan!


 “Still mentioning going on a sightseeing tour with Si Liu. Even I have only traveled once with Si Liu. Damn this guy...”


 Chi Shang paced around the study, gritting his teeth in resentment.


 He almost crushed the information path mortal Gu in his hand.


 But he thought for a moment and withstood this impulse.


 “If I crush this Gu, wouldn’t it be satisfying Wu Yi Hai’s wish?”


 “Hmph, he was not able to create difficulties for me, he is definitely afraid of me now, so he is intentionally saying this.”


 “Right! Me giving up is probably what he wants to see.”


 “I can’t let that happen, I will continue to win and make him completely admit his defeat. Make him fully realize my strength!”


 “Of course, to prevent him from acting shamelessly again, I must make this matter public, the more people that know of it, the better.”


 Chi Shang learned from his mistake.


 The origin of this matter was a dispute about a girl, Chi Shang had also found it slightly embarrassing, but now, he was willing to throw caution to the wind against Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 1329 - Fang Yuan Admitting Defeat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chi clan’s area, in the study room.


 Chi Liu had been summoned, and after hearing Chi Shang’s intention, he said with an awkward expression: “Lord, is that good? Our Chi clan and Wu clan’s relation... is still quite good. At least, even with Wu clan’s current situation, our Chi clan has been maintaining neutrality.”


 “So what? Other clans can make a move, but our Chi clan can’t?” Chi Shang was getting angry.


 Chi Liu thought to himself: “Lord Chi Shang is truly like what the rumors said. What should I do now?”


 While thinking, Chi Liu said: “I understand lord’s mood, but over here, hehe, we have some business where we have been closely collaborating with Wu clan. If we just suddenly fall out...”


 Chi Shang immediately came to a realization.


 “Oh.”


 “You are talking about the dream realm business?”


 Chi Liu nodded: “Lord is wise.”


 Wu clan wanted to do dream realm business for some income under the table, but how could their actions be unnoticed by Chi clan?


 The Immortal Gu used in this super Gu formation belonged to Southern Border’s super clans, but the Gu formation itself was personally set up by Chi clan’s first supreme elder.


 Although Chi clan contributed few Immortal Gu, as far as this super Gu formation was concerned, they had an enormous influence.


 Thus, Wu clan had to bring in Chi clan if they wanted to do this dream realm business. Chi clan’s Gu Immortals had much more understanding of the Gu formation, if they were not brought in, this business could not be done.


 Chi Shang sighed inwardly: “No wonder first supreme elder had once said that it is hard to fathom the minds of people. Sigh, Chi Liu is a fellow Chi clan Gu Immortal, but for personal gains, he is actually not standing on my side.”


 His expression was gloomy, it was hard to resolve the matter now.


 He wanted to publicly fall out with Fang Yuan, but he encountered an obstacle in the first step. What should he do now?


 For a moment, Chi Shang was quite helpless.


 Because he had taken a position here all of a sudden and had always taken cultivation as his main goal. He had very little contact with other Chi clan Gu Immortals and was always focused on researching formation path, his influence in Chi clan was quite small and could even be said to be the smallest influence among rank seven Gu Immortals.


 It was also the first time he had come to this super Gu formation, now, with his lack of connections, as a grand rank seven Gu Immortal, he was actually unable to mobilize Chi Liu.


 Chi Liu’s mood was quite bad, disobeying a rank seven Gu Immortal, especially when the latter was an important future hope of the clan, he naturally did not feel good.


 However, people in low positions naturally had their own survival methods.


 Chi Liu thought for a bit and said: “Lord, it is not that I don’t want to do this matter on your behalf. It is just that your status is high, once this matter is proclaimed, it will have a great impact. How about this, please let me inform Lord Chi Gui about this matter. He is the leader here, we will listen to his decision, what do you think?”


 Chi Liu’s tone was humble and polite, and was even subtly flattering Chi Shang.


 Chi Shang felt extremely comforted upon hearing this, and nodded: “Alright, then let’s see what Lord Chi Gui says.”


 Chi Gui’s brows furrowed when he heard Chi Liu’s report.


 A fight over a woman, nobody would feel good about involving themselves in a dispute merely over this.


 Chi Gui felt quite troubled.


 On one hand, his clansman was Chi Shang, he had to show respect because Chi clan’s first supreme elder was behind Chi Shang.


 On the other hand, if they really escalated this matter, it would no longer be a personal matter, but a political one which could affect the diplomatic relations between Wu clan and Chi clan.


 This was a world where the strong were respected and where one individual’s strength could surpass a group’s.


 Thus, politics was also determined by individuals.


 Chi Shang and Wu Yi Hai had very high status, a conflict between them was a conflict between Wu clan and Chi clan.


 This was not exaggerated at all.


 “Especially Wu clan, it is in a difficult situation, being harassed from all sides. If, at this time, my Chi clan joins in, it will damage the neutrality of Chi clan, and not to mention that we will gain poor reputation for kicking someone when they are down, it will also worsen our relation with Wu clan, harming my clan’s interests.”


 “But I also have to appease Chi Shang...”


 Chi Gui racked his brains for a while before he actually thought of an idea.


 He then secretly gave his idea to Chi Shang: “We cannot make this a big issue, otherwise, the impact will be very bad. Even if we win, we will be making a joke of ourselves. This is, after all, a personal matter, we should deal with this privately. You can tell Fairy Si Liu about the situation. Wu Yi Hai also has affection towards Qiao Si Liu, if you can ask her to be the witness, Wu Yi Hai would absolutely not dare to act shamelessly.”


 Chi Shang slapped his thigh and shouted: “Great idea!”


 Chi Gui smiled, slightly pleased with himself.


 From what Chi Gui saw, this method had even more allure to Chi Shang — who did not want to ruthlessly crush their love rival in front of the girl they loved, and gain her attention.


 Soon, Chi Shang informed Qiao Si Liu of the matter through an information path Gu worm.


 Regardless of what was going on with Fang Yuan, Chi Shang immediately felt enormous pressure.


 “Now, Fairy Si Liu knows of this. This is a duel between gentlemen and it was he, Wu Yi Hai, who sent the challenge, she should not feel disgusted, right?”


 “I need to quickly complete Wu Yi Hai’s challenge!”


 “This is my specialty, I absolutely cannot lose.”


 The enormous pressure became a huge motivation for Chi Shang.


 He started concentrating on the problem.


 “Is this another part?”


 “It has a slight relation to the previous part of that Gu formation.”


 “It is likely the whole Gu formation was divided into two parts. Damn it, if I knew the whole Gu formation, it would have been much easier. Now, I can only deduce according to this part.”


 He was getting a headache!


 Chi Shang began to use his methods.


 He was a formation path Gu Immortal who knew a mystical Gu formation taught to him personally by first supreme elder.


 This Gu formation used wisdom path Gu worms as the core, while the supplementary Gu worm was an Immortal Gu.


 Normally speaking, be it an immortal killer move or an immortal Gu formation, both used Immortal Gu as the core and mortal Gu as supplementary. However, this Gu formation actually did the opposite.


 The supplementary Immortal Gu used was a water path Immortal Gu named Sweat.


 The Gu formation’s name was wisdom sweat formation. It slowly activated as Chi Shang poured in his immortal essence.


 There were no gorgeous lights or sparkles, instead, an intriguing smell that seemed somewhere between fragrant and foul was formed.


 The smell grew more intense, shrouding Chi Shang. Gradually, the smell condensed into a fog which covered Chi Shang’s face, making him unable to see anything.


 For three days and nights, Chi Shang did not sleep or rest, continuing to deduce.


 Finally, the fog dissipated and the Gu formation stopped, some mortal Gu were expended and dead, only about ten percent of them remained, which Chi Shang stored back into his immortal aperture, among them was sweat Immortal Gu.


 Chi Shang’s whole body was soaked with sweat, as if he had been drenched in a rainstorm, his face also looked pale.


 But his eyes were shining brightly.


 All of a sudden, he raised his head and laughed loudly: “Hahaha. I finally solved it, I will see how you can get out of this, Wu Yi Hai!”


 After a while, Fang Yuan received the letter.


 “Oh, he got smarter, using Qiao Si Liu to create difficulties for me?”


 “Unfortunately, my goal is not her, this little threat is useless.”


 Fang Yuan soon praised once again.


 “Interesting, interesting, this solution is indeed a good method!”


 “But why could I not think of it?”


 Although Fang Yuan obtained the answer, he did not focus on it, instead he started to evaluate himself.


 There were many areas in Chi Shang’s solution that Fang Yuan had not been able to grasp. Formation path was extremely vast, the inheritances Fang Yuan obtained were only of mortal level, it was natural for him to not be able to grasp them.


 As for Chi clan, they would not lack immortal level formation path inheritances. Moreover, with generations of development, and innovating new things based on the original foundation, they were Southern Border’s number one force in formation path.


 “But even if I don’t have immortal inheritances, if my attainment level can reach grandmaster, I should also be able to solve this problem.”


 Attainment level was one’s understanding of the essence of the Great Dao.


 A simple analogy would be the solving of a mathematical problem.


 Fang Yuan wanted to modify the Gu formation and achieve his goal, it was like he wanted to reach a number, for example 5.


 Despite having the Gu worms, he did not know how to obtain 5. At this time, Chi Shang’s answer was 2+3=5.


 Fang Yuan came to a realization that he could achieve his target like this.


 If his attainment level was enough, even if he did not know, he could rely on his instincts to understand the question from parts, to extrapolate information and obtain the answer of 2+3=5, or 10/2=5.


 Naturally, Gu formations were not as simple as this, especially when there were many Gu worms involved, it became harder to arrange them successfully.


 The contents of Gu formations were complicated and varied. There were simple Gu formations, compound Gu formations as well as formations within formations, depending on the form, there were square formations, circular formations and so on, depending on the activation style, there were instant activation formations and delayed activation formations. Then, they were divided further according to paths, fire formations, water formations and so on. Some Gu formations were like towers, with layers upon layers of designs. Some Gu formations were easy to modify and were like a set of clothes, modifying them were like sewing a patch. Some Gu formations could not be modified, they were like building blocks and changing one of them could cause the whole Gu formation to collapse. If one sub-divided the Gu formations, the Gu worms involved would become even more complicated. For example, some Gu worms needed to be used together, while some had to be dispersed to influence their respective targets.


 By the night of the second day, the eagerly waiting Chi Shang received Fang Yuan’s reply.


 “This time, with Fairy Si Liu as the witness, I want to see how you will act shamelessly!” Chi Shang impatiently sent his consciousness into the information path mortal Gu.


 His face soon brightened up.


 Because Fang Yuan had admitted his capabilities in the letter and that he was indeed worthy of Fairy Si Liu’s admiration. But, Fang Yuan had also written that Wu clan had people that could do this, and it was not anything strange.


 Chi Shang frowned when he saw this, but he was unable to retort since Wu clan indeed had people who could solve the problem.


 At this moment, he saw the last paragraph of the letter.


 Fang Yuan had put forward a problem again. Moreover, he promised that if Chi Shang could solve this, he would admit Chi Shang was superior to him, even in front of Fairy Si Liu, he would admit he was inferior.


 Chi Shang started to breathe in deeply.


 He imagined the situation, when he and Wu Yi Hai appeared in front of Qiao Si Liu at the same time, with Wu Yi Hai cupping his fists and saying: I am inferior to you.


 A love rival admitting he was inferior.


 The more Chi Shang thought of this, the more moved he became.


 “Wu Yi Hai has a high status, he is my biggest rival.”


 “I can win this and defeat him.”


 “More importantly, Fairy Si Liu is the witness, I don’t have to be afraid of Wu Yi Hai reneging on his promise!”



***
Chapter 1330 - So It Cannot Be Solved


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wisdom sweat formation.


 Chi Shang set up this Gu formation again, doing his utmost to deduce the formation.


 But this time, he met with an unforeseen challenge!


 Difficult, it was really difficult, even the first two rounds added together and multiplied by ten could not match this.


 Chi Shang felt like he was a baby trying to ascend a tall mountain.


 “This difficulty... no wonder Wu Yi Hai is so confident!”


 “It is related to the contents of the first two Gu formations.”


 “No, I must use this chance to humiliate Wu Yi Hai. I will make him admit that he is inferior to me in front of Fairy Si Liu!”


 After a day and a night, Chi Shang’s eyes were filled with blood vessels, he was doing his best to try and tackle this problem.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan was thinking.


 “This difficulty, it has likely surpassed the limits of grandmaster attainment level?”


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan received Chi Shang’s help, he was able to modify the Gu formation of the coiling thread caves, he took a huge step forward, there was an immense breakthrough.


 However, right before succeeding, Fang Yuan was met with an unprecedented obstacle.


 If the first problem was a pit, the second was a mound, and this final obstacle was a mountain.


 Only by climbing to the top and removing the obstacle could he complete the modification of this Gu formation.


 This obstacle greatly surpassed Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 “Hmm... my initial estimation was that if the Gu formation could be deduced, the regretful spider production would be doubled three times.”


 That was not the same as three times as much. It would increase by seven times, becoming eight times the production of the initial size.


 This growth was terrifying. When the Gu formation was created, he would have seven extra coiling thread caves out of nowhere.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was wonderful, but the realization of it was met with great difficulty.


 The first two steps, he managed to complete, but now, he had no clue.


 He was just a step from success, how could Fang Yuan give up now? Thus, he placed his attention on Chi Shang.


 Many days later, the wisdom sweat formation stopped.


 Chi Shang’s expression was pale.


 His gaze was drifting, there was no light in his eyes.


 “Damn it!!” His hair was messy, like growing weed, his expression was of frustration, he gritted his teeth.


 Even though he gave it his all, he did not succeed.


 This way, he could not beat Fang Yuan, and worse, Qiao Si Liu knew of this third challenge, Chi Shang had already bragged that he would resolve this problem.


 If he failed, forget about Wu Yi Hai, but how would he face Qiao Si Liu from now on?


 Chi Shang felt an unforeseen pressure weighing on him.


 He quickly ate and rested before going back to his deductions again.


 Chi clan.


 It was to the west of Southern Border, or rather, it was towards the west of all the super forces currently in Southern Border.


 Yang clan was the neighbor of Chi clan.


 This clan was a neighbor of Wu clan, and was finding trouble with Wu clan recently, conflict arose due to a wild Immortal Gu.


 Chi clan, Yang clan, Wu clan.


 Following the basic rule of making friends with those far away and making enemies with those close by, Chi clan and Wu clan had always had a good relationship.


 The newest information was sent to Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You.


 Chi Qu You took a look and frowned.


 This intel was talking about none other than the challenge from Fang Yuan to Chi Shang in the super Gu formation.


 Inside the super Gu formation, Chi clan’s leader, Chi Gui, was afraid that conflict between Fang Yuan and Chi Shang would escalate, he had wisely reported this incident to Chi Qu You.


 This way, even if the situation worsens, Chi Gui’s responsibility would be lowered, after all, he had informed them.


 Chi Qu You would divert a portion of his attention to this conflict while he was dealing with complex political matters.


 After all, both sides had extraordinary statuses, if this was handled improperly, it would escalate further.


 “Chi Shang is troubled, this Gu formation problem is... beyond the abilities of a grandmaster.”


 The information had recorded Fang Yuan’s third formation path issue.


 Chi Qu You was a great grandmaster, he only needed a look to spot the difficulty of this problem.


 “Together with the first two problems, Wu Yi Hai is trying to create a Gu formation to farm resources. But this person who made the Gu formation is too greedy, they have insufficient attainment level and cannot notice it.”


 “If I do not say anything to him... with Chi Shang’s obsessive nature, he would continue to research it, if he gets injured from this, he might even die.”


 “Is this Wu clan’s scheme?”


 “They can see Chi Shang’s potential, so they are trying to eliminate our future hope?”


 “Mm... with Wu clan’s current situation, it is unlikely. But I cannot be careless.”


 Chi Qu You thought of this, a sharp light shined in his eyes, he muttered: “It seems I have to do something.”


 A moment later, Chi Gui visited Chi Shang, bringing with him an information path Immortal Gu from Chi Qu You.


 “This is first supreme elder’s instruction, I have to pass this Immortal Gu to you.” Chi Gui said.


 Chi Shang blankly received the Immortal Gu, after looking into it, he saw the details and his expression changed, he cried out in surprise: “This is the immortal inheritance left by secluded cultivator Tu Yuan. His earth water wind fire four elements formation is unique to him alone. But it had little reputation, because he kept a low profile, few people knew of it. First supreme elder actually gave this immortal inheritance to me! I asked for it so many times but I did not succeed in the past.”


 Chi Shang was so excited, he looked into the immortal true inheritance without caring about the outside world.


 When he snapped back to awareness, a long time had passed, it was night time already.


 “Time passed really quickly, hmm? When did supreme elder Chi Gui leave, hmm, forget it.” Chi Shang’s eyes shined brightly, unable to be looked at directly.


 Chi clan first supreme elder’s true inheritance came at a timely moment, it was what Chi Shang needed most right now.


 Chi Shang was filled with admiration and gratitude towards Chi Qu You.


 “So first supreme elder has been taking notice of me all along.”


 “He saw that I was in trouble, so he helped me.”


 “Is this cheating?”


 “Probably not. First supreme elder did not help me directly, he only gave me a true inheritance. The inspiration to solve the problem was thought of by me.”


 “Mm, that’s it! I have wasted enough time, I need to quickly resolve this problem and show Wu Yi Hai what I’m capable of!”


 Chi Shang was excited and driven, he used the wisdom sweat formation again.


 Two days passed, the Gu formation stopped working as Chi Shang walked out angrily.


 “So this Gu formation problem cannot be solved!”


 “Wu Yi Hai, you dare to scam me!”


 “Too devious, too scheming!!”


 “Thankfully, with first supreme elder’s guidance, I exposed this truth.”


 Thinking of this, Chi Shang gritted his teeth, he had suffered a lot these last days, he barely slept at all, he was invested in the problem.


 But then, he realized this was unsolvable.


 Chi Shang felt that Wu Yi Hai had toyed with him, he was very angry.


 But soon, he laughed: “That’s right, this problem cannot be solved, as long as I expose this fact, I win. In fact, I can tell Fairy Si Liu about this, and embarrass this devious Wu Yi Hai.”


 Chi Shang immediately acted upon it, sending out two information path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan received two information path mortal Gu immediately.


 The first one was from Qiao Si Liu.


 It was not unexpected that Qiao Si Liu sent a letter, after looking at it, he was a bit puzzled.


 But then, he thought of something and looked at Chi Shang’s letter.


 Fang Yuan realized at once.


 “This Chi Shang has improved, he actually went to complain about me, telling Qiao Si Liu about the result of this challenge, before sending me this letter. This way, he can prevent me from retaliating? He really has improved.”


 Fang Yuan’s smile faded.


 The result was unexpected.


 His Gu formation had no solution!


 This was a common situation.


 Before a deduction succeeds, any new Gu recipe, killer move, Gu formation, they could be unsolvable, they could be impossible to complete. They were merely illusions, there was no possible way of success.


 Some problems were easy to tell, but others were not so obvious.


 Especially formation path, it used too many Gu worms and paths, it was too complex. Some ideas could not be exposed as unsolvable until the very end.


 “Multiplying my production eight times, this idea is hoping for too much, it is not possible.”


 “Since it is unsolvable, I can only abandon it and find a new modification.”


 “But forget about it now.”


 “Since I lost the challenge, I should invite Chi Shang over. This person is quite interesting.”


 Chi Shang did not even think about it, he agreed to go over for the banquet.


 His attitude was different from before.


 Initially, he thought that Fang Yuan was too arrogant, he refused to go. But now, he was the winner, he felt that this was an apology banquet, he had to go with the attitude of a winner, to savor the feelings of the loser.


 Thus, when he saw Fang Yuan, his first words were: “Wu Yi Hai, will you relent now?”


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, smiling: “Of course, of course, you are a genius, why would I not relent?”


 Chi Shang was shocked, he did not expect Fang Yuan to act like this, he admitted his defeat.


 He did not know what to do now. Before this, he had thought of many possible outcomes, and how to deal with Fang Yuan’s excuses.


 But now, Fang Yuan admitted his defeat, he relented.


 Chi Shang felt like he had nothing to say now.



***
Chapter 1331 - Inviting Chi Shang Over


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The banquet started.


 In this small hall, there was only Fang Yuan, Wu An, and Chi Shang, three Gu Immortals. Wu An naturally did not play a key role, the only important thing was that Fang Yuan and Chi Shang were interacting.


 Fang Yuan toasted Chi Shang, speaking politely with a smile, he expressed a lot of admiration and praise towards Chi Shang’s formation path attainment.


 After smiling and admitting defeat, could Chi Shang bear to give him a hard time?


 Chi Shang was straightforward and unguarded, unschooled in interacting with others, he drank a lot of wine.


 He assessed Fang Yuan, looking at him in a different perspective.


 “This Wu Yi Hai is quite a friendly guy. What happened earlier? Was he trying to purposely anger me? Or does he have a request of me?” Chi Shang thought to himself.


 “I will not hide it, Chi Shang, talented people like you are the people I admire the most!” Fang Yuan laughed, toasting.


 Chi Shang raised his cup and drank before Fang Yuan even drank.


 The toasting from earlier had already made Chi Shang used to this subconsciously.


 But Fang Yuan’s words were nice to hear. Especially when they were love rivals, such praise made Chi Shang feel deep accomplishment.


 “No.”


 “I must be alert!”


 “This Wu Yi Hai might be acting, he is very scheming.”


 Chi Shang did not let down his guard, but no matter how he looked at it, Fang Yuan’s smile was full of sincerity.


 Hehe, forget about Fang Yuan’s acting skills, but don’t forget attitude Gu.


 “Chi Shang, take a look.” Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, handing over an information path mortal Gu to Chi Shang.


 “What is this?” Chi Shang muttered, he looked into it and his expression changed.


 As it turned out, this was an information path mortal Gu that Fang Yuan was going to send to Qiao Si Liu. He praised Chi Shang in the letter, his admiration was overwhelming, he admitted his own insufficiencies, using formation path questions to challenge Chi Shang was just him overestimating himself, he was truly ignorant and could not see Mount Tai, Chi Shang was a true Southern Border hero.


 There was no such thing as ‘Mount Tai’ in this world, but the meaning was the same.


 After Chi Shang saw this letter, he felt embarrassed.


 Fang Yuan’s praise was too exaggerated.


 “Am I really so good?”


 “Southern Border hero, why have I never thought of that.”


 “What would Fairy Si Liu think after she sees this?”


 All sorts of thoughts appeared, Chi Shang could not contain his emotions.


 When he looked at Fang Yuan again, his gaze transformed.


 Fang Yuan directly sat beside him, Chi Shang did not feel any dislike towards this closeness.


 “Chi Shang, throughout the Southern Border Gu Immortal world, only you are talented enough for Fairy Si Liu, I am truly in admiration!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 “Oh?” Chi Shang did not know what to say, he had joy on his face but also suspicions.


 Fang Yuan said again: “But I will not give up, all gentlemen may pursue beautiful and clever women, even though I am less talented than you, I will work harder. You won this time, but we will compete fairly again in the future! What do you think?”


 Hearing this, Chi Shang’s suspicions faded, he raised his cup for the first time and tasted Fang Yuan: “Yes, fair competition! A contest between gentlemen should be fair and square.”


 Saying this, he treated Fang Yuan as a gentleman.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, patting his shoulders: “To speak the truth, I hate the other competitors, but you are different. You are so talented and upright, I admire you. If you can get Fairy Si Liu’s love, I will bless you two, because I know that I did not lose unfairly! As for the others, they are just clowns.”


 Chi Shang was embarrassed from being praised, he rubbed his nose, saying: “Actually, some of them are quite strong.”


 “Friends are often made after a fight, come, drink!” Fang Yuan raised his cup.


 Chi Shang acted even more openly: “Drink!”


 He raised his head and gulped, drinking all of the wine in one mouthful.


 Next, he burped, his face turned red.


 “Awesome!” Fang Yuan gave a thumbs up, pouring wine for Chi Shang again.


 He smiled sincerely and enthusiastically, he was very friendly.


 But the truth was, he was calm in his mind, he thought about Chi Shang’s information.


 Wu clan’s intelligence was very reliable.


 Fang Yuan knew long ago: This Chi Shang had been noticed by Chi Qu You when he was young, he saw the talent that Chi Shang had in formation path, thus he nurtured him deeply.


 Chi Shang was known as the ‘formation devotee’.


 He was chosen when he was a youth, he was sent into a cave in Myriad Snake Mountain to study. He stayed there for thirty years.


 When he was forty, he came out and had rank three cultivation level, but he surpassed rank four and five Gu Masters in creating formations, his formation path attainment shocked the entire Chi clan.


 Next, his clansmen realized that Chi Shang had actually come out of seclusion because he lost his way and accidentally left the mountain.


 His performance resulted in great fame, fortune and women came to him, but he rejected them all, his only request was to return to the cave and continue his formation path research.


 This alerted the supreme elders.


 Chi Qu You permitted Chi Shang’s request, creating a cave solely for him, with attendants and servants to cater to him.


 Chi Shang continued his research, he was so engrossed in it, it was shocking, as if formation path was the only joy in his life.


 He was invested in it, regardless of what happened outside, he only stayed in his cave, engrossed in his formation path cultivation without seeing daylight.


 When his hair turned white and his lifespan was ending, Chi Qu You came to see him and asked: “In this life, did you regret anything? Do you have any requests before dying?


 Chi Shang cried loudly, saying: “Life is too short, a hundred years passes by too quickly, my formation path research still has many things left to do, how can I rest in peace? This is my biggest regret.”


 Chi Qu You sighed in admiration, granting him a lifespan Gu.


 Chi Shang obtained it, regaining his youth and lifespan.


 Chi Qu You talked to him about formation path, guiding him for three days and three nights before confirming that Chi Shang was the clan’s future hope, his formation path attainment could reach great grandmaster in the future!


 Chi Qu You did not just say it, he acted on it, nurturing Chi Shang with a lot of resources from the clan.


 With the clan’s help, Chi Shang’s cultivation level rose rapidly, he became an immortal. In a few decades, he became a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Even though he became an immortal, his living habits did not change at all.


 He was still invested in formation path, he continued to research it endlessly, his closed cultivations lasted from years to over a decade.


 The only shocking thing was that he pursued Qiao Si Liu with a firm attitude.


 When news got out, Chi clan was taken aback, to think that other than formation path, Chi Shang actually liked women!


 After getting Wu clan’s intelligence, Fang Yuan thought that Chi Shang was an interesting person.


 With this knowledge, he used a special method to deal with Chi Shang instead.


 He did not meet with Chi Shang earlier, it was part of Fang Yuan’s scheme. He purposely used the formation path problem to challenge him, that was the second step, and this third step was the banquet.


 Chi Shang’s performance was not out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Everything progressed according to plan.


 Not long ago, Qiao Si Liu had sent a letter according to Fang Yuan’s expectations. As the person involved, Qiao Si Liu had to express her attitude clearly.


 Even though she did not state it, in the letter, she talked about her first encounter with Chi Shang.


 According to Qiao Si Liu, back then, she visited Chi clan with Qiao clan’s orders, she was attended to by Chi clan first supreme elder’s son, Gu Immortal Chi Bang.


 But to think that this Chi Bang was hitting on Qiao Si Liu by using the beautiful scenery and some poems.


 If this were normal times, Qiao Si Liu might not get mad, but now, she was the envoy from Qiao clan, Chi Bang’s actions were disrespectful to Qiao clan, Qiao Si Liu felt resentment towards him.


 To deal with him, Qiao Si Liu purposely got closer to Chi Shang.


 Chi Bang was Chi Qu You’s son, the supposed next first supreme elder of Chi clan, he had the second highest authority in the clan, nobody dared to trifle with him except the formation devotee Chi Shang.


 Chi Shang did not know about the issue, he had no interest in Qiao Si Liu initially, but she purposely talked to him about formation path, and even explained some of Qiao clan’s formation path knowledge.


 Chi Shang was deeply attracted, he gained a lot of interest.


 Qiao Si Liu used Chi Shang to deal with Chi Bang, Chi Bang could not do anything, he could only apologize to Qiao Si Liu secretly.


 Qiao Si Liu completed the clan’s mission and returned in success, also gaining a suitor in Chi Shang.


 Qiao Si Liu’s letter gave Fang Yuan important information, he gained a clearer understanding of Chi clan’s internal affairs.


 “Chi clan’s first supreme elder has limited lifespan, he can no longer use lifespan Gu, but his son, Chi Bang, became an immortal due to his protection, he has limited capability.”


 “Chi Qu You knows about his son’s abilities, but he wants him to become Chi clan’s future first supreme elder, thus, after noticing Chi Shang’s personality and talent, he decided to invest in him and nurture this formation devotee.”


 “As long as the formation devotee protects him, Chi Bang will have a good chance of staying first supreme elder. And the formation devotee’s admiration and gratitude towards Chi Qu You will make him unable to escape the control of Chi Bang.”


 “Kinship... hehe.”


 Qiao Si Liu’s letter showed Chi clan’s internal political conflicts to Fang Yuan.


 And because of this problem, a genius like Chi Shang emerged. At the same time, some questions that Fang Yuan had was answered.


 “Come! Wu Yi Hai, let me toast you.” At this time, Chi Shang toasted Fang Yuan for the first time, breaking his train of thought.


 Chi Shang continued: “You are a very sincere person, when Fairy Si Liu and I get together, you do not need to be too upset. You are very talented, there are lots of women in the world, but few are well learned about formation path!”



***
Chapter 1332 - Happy Host and Guest


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chi Shang drank a lot, his face was red, he spoke a lot.


 It seemed that after defeating Fang Yuan in this contest, his confidence had risen sharply, he felt that he could obtain the love of his life.


 Gu Immortals had all sorts of methods to prevent getting drunk. But that way, the joy of drinking would be gone, and it was very rude to their drinking buddies.


 Fang Yuan quickly raised his cup, drinking the wine as he smiled: “If that is the case, I will admit I am unlucky, it was too bad that I had a competitor like you! Sigh...”


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself, as if lamenting that the heavens saw fit to put someone so gifted in his way, he expressed that sentiment fully in his act.


 Chi Shang laughed loudly, stretching out his arm and patting Fang Yuan’s shoulder, consoling him.


 Fang Yuan laughed internally.


 This Chi Shang was so innocent and pure.


 This matter was decided long ago.


 As long as Fang Yuan agreed, Qiao Si Liu would enter his embrace, this was a certain thing.


 But Qiao Si Liu did not express her intention clearly, because this fairy had her schemes and pride, she wanted to play hard to get, so as to raise her own value.


 Actually, Fang Yuan could tell very clearly.


 Like this time, Qiao Si Liu’s letter was the expression of her attitude.


 “Qiao Si Liu is seeing that Chi Shang and I are competing, she is very happy about it. Earlier, she had been watching on the fence, this suited her intentions.”


 “When I lost, she then took the initiative to tell me about the situation between her and Chi Shang. She wants to console me and let me know that she has no feelings for Chi Shang. It was his one sided affection.”


 “But this clever woman did not state her attitude clearly, she just talked about a fact to show her purity, while showing that she had a lot of value to her suitors.”


 It was natural instinct for men to pursue women. How many men pursued her, and the type of men that went after her, these somewhat determined the perceived value of a woman.


 “Qiao Si Liu is seeking to be with me, this is not her personal wish, but the political desire of Qiao clan.”


 “And with just this, I am already ahead of all her suitors.”


 “No matter how many times I fail, no matter how many women I go after, no matter how weak I am, even if I make a scene like during the moon festival, so what?”


 “I am already victorious!”


 “In fact, even if I go after another woman instead of Qiao Si Liu, she will turn around and pursue me instead.”


 “Of course, this is not love, this is... politics!”


 Fang Yuan sneered in his mind, he had seen through everything.


 But he could not accept this ‘love’ from Qiao Si Liu.


 Once he accepted it, he would be dragged into this vicious political spiral, he would no longer be simply Wu Yi Hai, he would be the key pawn that Qiao clan had inserted into Wu clan to fight for their own benefits.


 Wu Yong would no longer give him such a relaxed environment like now, he would keep Fang Yuan under close observation, suppressing him and maintaining alertness against this brother.


 If that happened, would Fang Yuan be able to enter the dream realms easily?


 Evidently, he could not, he might even get exposed.


 And that would lead to greater problems.


 Once Fang Yuan’s identity was exposed, he would face the attacks of Qiao clan, because they were a righteous path force, they had to keep a clear distance from Fang Yuan, and Wu clan and Qiao clan would try to defend their own reputation by going after Fang Yuan with all their effort, far more than the other clans.


 “However, even though I cannot accept it, and won’t accept it, I can make use of this ‘love’.”


 Using Qiao Si Liu, Fang Yuan would make Wu Yong more alert, he would arrange for Fang Yuan to be sent back to the super Gu formation, Fang Yuan’s goal would be achieved.


 Of course, there was nothing perfect in this world, even though this method was brilliant, it had its drawbacks.


 Wu Yong’s alertness, Luo Mu Zi, Lun Fei, and Chi Shang, as well as Qiao Si Liu’s other suitors were all lingering problems.


 There was pure love in this world, but it was indeed rare.


 When people lived in this world, they had to consider many things.


 Qiao Si Liu’s beauty, background, cultivation level and others, these were alluring temptations.


 Among her suitors, Chi Shang was the purest, but he still considered the element of formation path, not to mention the others.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was the most special one.


 Chi Shang’s arrival was not out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 In fact, he was mentally prepared.


 Even without Chi Shang, others were going to come and find problems. Even if they did not come now, they would in the future.


 Because Fang Yuan was approaching Qiao Si Liu, and the benefits associated with her, he angered many people. Among these people, there were suitors, and there were forces behind them after the benefits.


 As the saying goes, beautiful women are trouble.


 A beauty was not easy to pursue.


 Only a naive person would think of using love and emotions to conquer a beauty.


 Actually, there was far more.


 A woman’s beauty was her natural dowry.


 This dowry was extremely valuable, it was a huge amount of wealth.


 Who would not want such wealth?


 But not everyone could protect this wealth.


 If a beauty was willing to give this wealth to her partner out of pure love, then this lucky person should treat her well.


 But the truth was, such situations were too few.


 If it happened, treasure it, if it didn’t, don’t bank on it.


 This was not ‘unseemly’.


 This was — reality.


 When Fang Yuan returned to the super Gu formation, he started to think of how to settle the aftermath of this.


 A true chessmaster would consider many steps ahead before even moving.


 In fact, when Fang Yuan decided to use Qiao Si Liu’s ‘love’ to achieve his goals, he had already started to think of how to resolve the fallout of this issue.


 If he handled it badly, Chi Shang would be only the first one here. The second, third, and so on, these people would be unending.


 This would be huge interference for Fang Yuan’s exploration of the dream realm.


 At the same time, Wu Yi Hai’s identity restricted Fang Yuan greatly in dealing with these challenges, he could not expose himself during the process.


 Fang Yuan needed to resolve this problem carefully and accurately.


 How?


 It was difficult, and yet easy.


 He would create a target, someone who would attract the attention of those suitors.


 Fang Yuan had been expecting people to find trouble with him.


 Chi Shang came here at such an opportune time, Fang Yuan was secretly happy about it.


 When he looked through Chi Shang’s information, his joy increased by several times!


 His opponent’s stupidity was his own fortune.


 Of course, there was a point: Such stupidity had nothing to do with IQ or EQ.


 There was a clear example from Earth, it was Yue Fei 1 .


 Yue Fei went on a campaign, and when he was about to succeed, the emperor he served used twelve golden plaques to recall him back to the capital, and executed him on false charges.


 The reason?


 Was the emperor being stupid?


 He was!


 But were the emperor and officials idiots?


 They were not!


 If Yue Fei succeeded in his campaign, the reputation of his personal army would rise greatly, the emperor’s authority would be lower than this general, the threat was too big. And most importantly, if Yue Fei won, he would bring back the former emperor. Then what would the current emperor do?


 And now, Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You, intentionally nurtured a Gu Immortal like Chi Shang, was he senile, did he not know that a person like Chi Shang, who was focused on researching formation path and had no capabilities in political conflicts, would eventually become a tool that was used?


 He was not senile of course, he nurtured Chi Shang extensively precisely because he knew this.


 Because his son needed to be the first supreme elder, he needed a ‘tool’ to assist his son, Chi Shang was the chosen one.


 Many people thought that Chi Shang was Fang Yuan’s problem.


 But that was not the case from Fang Yuan’s perspective, he felt like this was an opportunity.


 If he handled this well, he would resolve all the future problems ahead, he would be able to peacefully explore the dream realm and raise his foundation for the following period of time.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to lose.


 If he did not lose, how would he create the bigger threat than himself, Chi Shang?


 Without this meat shield, how would he divert all of the attention away?


 Chi Shang was the easiest to plot against.


 From his information, Fang Yuan knew that Chi Shang loved to research formation path, he was most skilled in answering problems, and creating the necessary Gu formations.


 Fang Yuan thus challenged him using this.


 As a researcher, Chi Shang had his unique pride in this domain he was specialized in.


 He could ignore everything else, he did not pay attention to his appearance, nor did he have any interest in fortune, but he cared about this. Because this was the meaning of his life!


 Fang Yuan, a transformation path Gu Immortal, was using this to challenge him, this was a huge slap on Chi Shang’s face to begin with.


 How could Chi Shang endure this?


 He could not.


 Thus, he fell into the trap that Fang Yuan had set, he could not climb out.


 Not only was he stuck in the trap, he even toasted Fang Yuan, feeling that Fang Yuan was a very sincere person!


 “You are a competitor, but, but what can I say? We are truly friends made after a fight, haha...” Chi Shang laughed, placing his arm around Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 “Enough talking, let’s drink!” Fang Yuan gulped.


 Chi Shang stared at Fang Yuan with wide eyes, he gave a thumbs up and said: “Brother, you are so cool! Let’s drink!”


 Both sides continued to empty their cups.


 “Good wine.” Chi Shang sighed: “Sigh, to speak the truth, this is the first time I am drinking so much...”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, but he was unmoved inside.


 The wine of the righteous path was not so easy to drink.


 The demonic path fought and killed, they were direct in their actions. The banquets of the righteous path was shrouded in rumors and suspicions, they were filled with schemes and plots, all sorts of devious thoughts were like undercurrents, waiting to sweep unknowing prey into the abyss.


 Fang Yuan lost the challenge to Chi Shang, but he was very happy, he spread news about this.


 So what if he lost?


 Sometimes, losing was a way to achieve one’s goals.


 Chi Shang was also very happy, he felt that this was the happiest he had ever been in a banquet.


 At once, both the host and guest were happy.



***
Chapter 1333 - Plunder Shadow


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A joyous banquet was not the end, it was the beginning.


 Fang Yuan and Chi Shang became good friends.


 For the next few days, Fang Yuan frequently invited Chi Shang, and Chi Shang often came to Wu clan’s territory to visit Fang Yuan.


 It was both easy and difficult to get close to someone and create a good relationship.


 The key was simply lowering the status of oneself and accommodating to the other party’s wishes.


 Fang Yuan was an old schemer, with attitude Gu in his possession, how could Chi Shang be his match?


 Chi Shang was the ‘formation devotee’, he was not interested in ordinary Gu Immortals. But Fang Yuan was a formation path quasi-grandmaster, he had a connection to this formation path grandmaster.


 Both parties conversed on the topic of formation path.


 Chi Shang was soon amazed with Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment, he expressed his doubt at this. Because Fang Yuan was a transformation path cultivator.


 But Fang Yuan told him: “I had always been interested in formation path, when I was a mortal, I researched formation path and primarily cultivated it due to some fortuitous encounters. But circumstances in life force twists and turns, later, I had to become a transformation path Gu Immortal. But I am already very lucky, after all, how many lone cultivators can become immortal?”


 This helplessness made Chi Shang sigh deeply, he felt a deep sense of compassion towards Fang Yuan.


 “If you want to cultivate formation path, I can help you. Chi clan has a few formation path Gu Immortals, I can intervene and transact formation path Immortal Gu for you.” Chi Shang stated.


 It was not easy for him to offer this. This proved that Fang Yuan’s hard work had paid off.


 It was possible to change paths, but the vital Gu had to be changed too.


 Fang Yuan looked very moved: “If I want to change paths in the future, I will find you for help.”


 Chi Shang nodded: “By then, just tell me!”


 He knew that it was not easy for a Gu Immortal to change paths, it could not be done quickly, this was a huge matter and needed a lot of aspects to be considered. There were also negative repercussions on the immortal aperture as well.


 While interacting with Chi Shang, Fang Yuan gained a lot of benefits.


 Even though his attainment level did not increase, Fang Yuan’s knowledge did, his basic understanding of formation path had been supplemented, it was of huge help to him.


 Fang Yuan gained a more comprehensive and deeper understanding of formation path.


 What was the difference between Gu formations and killer moves?


 Chi Shang told Fang Yuan: “Gu formations are a type of killer move. Killer moves use multiple Gu worms at the same time, Gu formations are the same. Gu formations are the killer moves of formation path, each Gu formation is a different killer move. Thus, formation path is the path with the most killer moves among all paths. Of course, Gu formations and killer moves have slight differences in details. For example, Gu formations last a longer time. And after a Gu formation is set up, the amount of mental energy the Gu Master uses up also decreases...”


 “What is the essence of formation path?” Fang Yuan asked Chi Shang.


 Chi Shang shook his head: “Even though I am a formation path grandmaster, I have insufficient attainment level to talk about the essence of formation path. But my clan’s Lord Chi Qu You had once told me, the essence of formation path is to create environments.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and felt deeply enlightened.


 The Gu formation of the coiling thread caves was precisely to nurture more regretful spiders by creating a new habitat and environment for them, right?


 “It seems that formation path great grandmasters can use the natural dao marks of the surroundings to use fewer Gu worms in setting up their Gu formations. In some places with abundant natural dao marks, just using mortal Gu can form an immortal Gu formation. Is that true?” Fang Yuan asked Chi Shang again.


 Chi Shang nodded, explaining patiently: “That is true. But actually, at our level, we can only use dao marks. Some Gu formations are not just built on the foundation of Gu worms but also Gu materials. But we can only use the dao marks inside the immortal materials to set up the Gu formation. After a long time passes, these immortal materials will be destroyed. Formation path great grandmasters are one step ahead, not only can they use immortal and mortal materials, they can also use the dao marks of the surroundings according to the environment.”


 ...


 This conversation was a huge inspiration to Fang Yuan.


 Thereafter, he attended to Chi Shang even more enthusiastically.


 Fang Yuan soon realized that banquets were not very effective at improving their relationship, he might as well converse with him about formation path.


 Sometimes, an intense discussion would incite the passion in Chi Shang’s heart, and make him feel closer to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan also had another trump card, he wrote letters to Qiao Si Liu.


 Every time he wrote a letter, he would praise Chi Shang and exclaim about his shocking formation path talent, and his incredible ingenuity.


 Chi Shang was getting embarrassed from being praised, he looked at Fang Yuan in a different light, he thought that this person was truly a gentleman, conducting himself uprightly and with an open mind.


 Returning the favor, he also wrote letters to Qiao Si Liu, praising Fang Yuan deeply, saying that he cultivated transformation path and even formation path alongside it, his attainment was so deep that he felt great admiration and surprise at it.


 Qiao Si Liu: “...”


 She looked at the letters she received, she felt that these two suitors were praising each other so much that they had forgotten about her!


 She did not expect to see this situation, while she rolled her eyes to herself, she also wrote back letters of praise, especially towards their open-mindedness.


 Undeniably, Fang Yuan and Chi Shang turned from enemies to friends, this transformation made everyone watching from the side feel deeply shocked.


 Southern Border, Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 This was a famous Earth Trench in Southern Border, because it had countless fierce dark path beasts, as well as shadow monsters that were renowned in Southern Border.


 At the same time, this was also one of the most dangerous places in Southern Border.


 Right now, deep within this Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, inside a certain cave.


 “Ahhhhh...” A crazed old man with purple hair and messy clothes was running around barefoot in the cave, while screaming and making a din.


 Plop.


 Suddenly, he fell to the ground, and his body started to twist as he started to crawl like an earthworm.


 After moving for a while, he suddenly stood up, laughing sheepishly.


 But a moment later, his laughter stopped, his cloudy eyes regained clarity.


 “Lord Purple, you are awake.” Ying Wu Xie suddenly appeared in the cave, he sighed with a complex expression.


 This crazed old man was Purple.


 Shadow Sect’s party of four had vanished after the battle of Reverse Flow River, they had returned to Southern Border at some point in time. They had even entered deep into Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 Purple sighed deeply, he patted the soil on his body, his body shrunk to his miniman form with miniature wings.


 “Call me Purple Mountain True Monarch, this will help our future actions.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said: “What information do you have now?”


 Ying Wu Xie said: “Southern Border’s political situation is progressing according to our plan. But it is a pity, Chi Shang and Wu Yi Hai did not have an intense conflict, they even became good friends.”


 “Oh?” Purple Mountain True Monarch was slightly surprised.


 After looking at the information, he nodded: “This Wu Yi Hai is quite interesting, he primarily cultivates transformation path but also has enough formation path attainment to gain Chi Shang’s approval.”


 “This would help him, but he could not defy Wu Yong, he was sent to the super Gu formation again.”


 Ying Wu Xie nodded: “Wu Yong is a rank eight Gu Immortal with great authority now, Wu Yi Hai had just returned not long ago, he did not even join with Qiao clan, and cannot get their full support.”


 “But this proves further that even though Wu Yi Hai is a lone cultivator, he has great ambitions. Because he got close to Qiao Si Liu, yet he did not get together with her, it shows that he has not agreed on the profit distribution with Qiao clan yet. Is his ambition something we can make use of?”


 “Hmm...” Purple Mountain True Monarch thought about it: “We might be able to make use of this, but we know too little about this person. Right now, our plans on Wu clan should focus on Wu Yong. Wu clan is the number one force in Southern Border, they are the pillar of the righteous path, if they fall, Southern Border would have huge political turmoil. By then, we will take advantage of it and destroy the super Gu formation, we will be able to save our main body.”


 It turned out that Wu clan’s political problems were not simple, Shadow Sect was behind them, causing many of the situations!


 “Hmph! So what if Southern Border’s politics get into chaos?” Bai Ning Bing appeared outside the cave, having a cold expression: “With just the four of us, even if the super Gu formation only has four Gu Immortals defending it, it will be difficult. Furthermore, our main fighting strength is so unstable.”


 Bai Ning Bing spoke without any politeness.


 Even against the rank eight Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 She was fearless, because when Fang Yuan chased after them, she had already set a new alliance agreement with Ying Wu Xie and the others, they were of equal status.


 And Purple Mountain True Monarch’s constant insanity made the respect in her heart dwindle.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was unmoved, smiling: “Political unrest is not enough, of course, these righteous path forces are not stupid. But this is just to weaken the strength of the righteous path in the super Gu formation. The four of us are not enough, we are too short on manpower, so now, we will recruit people.”


 “Recruit people?” Ying Wu Xie was surprised: “There are still hidden cards in Southern Border that I do not know about?”


 Because he knew that Southern Border’s Shadow Sect forces were heavily crippled. If they wanted to attack the super Gu formation, these new members needed to have high power level, ordinary rank six Gu Immortals were simply useless.


 But such people would definitely have been recruited when Ying Wu Xie was facing Fang Yuan’s pursuit earlier.


 Or even further back, if such people existed, when Spectral Soul defied heaven to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, they would have been used already, to deal with Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded, before shaking his head: “Do you two know why I fall into insanity sometimes?”



***
Chapter 1334 - Assimilating with Heaven’s Will


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Purple Mountain True Monarch suddenly changed the topic.


 Bai Ning Bing did not speak, while Ying Wu Xie asked: “Is it not the interference of heaven’s will?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “It is heaven’s will indeed, but I was the one who initiated it.”


 “What do you mean?” Bai Ning Bing heard this and showed shock on her face.


 Hearing Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words, it seemed like his insanity was due to his own actions.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch sighed eerily, scenes of the past drifted in his mind: “In the past, along with the other first generation split souls, we found the major enemy was heaven’s will, and tried to find ways to deal with it.”


 “I cultivated wisdom path, I was the leader of the split souls, I had to be the one to find a way to deal with heaven’s will.”


 “Using a part of the true inheritance of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable that we found, and together with my wisdom path attainment, I devised a method, that was to assimilate with heaven’s will.”


 “Assimilate with heaven’s will?” Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie looked at each other, frowning.


 “That’s right, heaven’s will is vast and immense, it is everywhere, back then, we had just started to interact with it, we did not know as many secrets and weaknesses of it as now. Back then, we were greatly restricted, the situation was worsening and getting more dangerous every day. More and more members died after being targeted by heaven’s will, hope was turning bleak.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch continued: “Left without a choice, I used this method that was not a proper solution. Since the enemy was so powerful, I pretended to surrender and infiltrate the enemy to obtain intelligence about it. After all, know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.”


 Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie’s eyes shone.


 Even now, they could see the innovation of this method.


 Heaven’s will was formless, Purple Mountain True Monarch actually wanted to infiltrate heaven’s will, it was truly an incredible idea.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch did not just think about it, he did it!


 Purple Mountain True Monarch continued explaining: “Heaven’s will, you must be clear of it. When grotto-heavens devour fragments of the nine heavens, heaven’s will enters, and any heavenly spirit inside would turn dull and robotic. The heavenly spirit becomes like this, it’s similar for Gu Immortals. Every time I assimilate with heaven’s will, I will become crazy and lose my sense of reason.”


 “However, this is also why I can greatly reduce heaven’s will’s intention of killing me, and am able to live until now.”


 “There is also one benefit of this, when I fuse with heaven’s will, I can clearly understand it and learn about its strengths and weaknesses.”


 “When I learn about heaven’s will’s thoughts, I can see the planning of heaven’s will and am able to plot for myself and Shadow Sect.”


 “The principle of heaven is to be merciless, it treats all beings as pawns. From the perspective of heaven’s will, all beings in this world are its chess pieces. And in this chessboard of destiny, there are some crucial points that attract my attention.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s explanation made both Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie deeply interested.


 Because they had already sensed that Purple Mountain True Monarch’s following words were going to be very important.


 As expected, Purple Mountain True Monarch continued: “I assimilated with heaven’s will, I found that in heaven’s will’s arrangements, there were some very crucial pawns. So every time I went crazy, I would use heaven’s will to get close to these pawns, and by the time I regain my senses, I would try to turn them over to my side, and use my own power to make them my pieces.”


 “And in the battle not long ago, I believe you have already seen the use of one of these pawns.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s body shook.


 Ying Wu Xie said in realization: “Lord Purple Mountain True Monarch, you are talking about Tai Bai Yun Sheng?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “That’s right, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a crucial pawn in the chessboard of destiny, even though heaven’s will arranged it, I managed to influence him and eventually used his power to allow you all to escape.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had once met Purple Mountain True Monarch when he was a Gu Master, obtaining his true inheritance.


 There were heaven’s will’s arrangements on him, and also Purple Mountain True Monarch’s influence.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan was used by heaven’s will to return to the past and overturn Spectral Soul’s plan, Fang Yuan received Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help during the process.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng submitted to Fang Yuan.


 One of the reasons was Fang Yuan’s own intelligence. The other factor was heaven’s will.


 But later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng separated from Fang Yuan, helping Shadow Sect instead.


 This was because Fang Yuan betrayed heaven’s will, at the crucial moment, he did not destroy sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he used it for himself. Tai Bai Yun Sheng thus helped Shadow Sect greatly as a result of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s influence.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng died in battle, on the surface, it was due to Fang Yuan, but from another perspective, this was the sacrificial piece from the conflict between Shadow Sect and heaven’s will.


 Ying Wu Xie heard this and finally understood Purple Mountain True Monarch’s intent.


 He called out: “I get it, all these years, Lord Purple Mountain True Monarch has traveled the world, you influenced many crucial pawns, and now, they will be the strength to break the super Gu formation and rescue our main body!”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch smiled lightly: “Precisely.”


 Southern Border, super Gu formation.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.


 An intense jade green light shot into the sky with an alluring fragrance.


 Countless Gu worms were flying around in the jade light, just one look would make a person dizzy.


 Fang Yuan maintained a high level of concentration, as time passed, a portion of the Gu worms stopped flying, they landed and fell underground.


 More and more Gu worms went underground, they started to shine and resonated with the previous Gu worms, creating a mystical power.


 The jade pillar of light shrunk and got fainter, at Fang Yuan’s will, an Immortal Gu flew out.


 This Gu resembled a round pearl, it was as large as a goose egg, the pearl had countless markings on it that were moving around, they were brilliant like a blooming field of lotuses, or the rumbling of clouds.


 It was rank six Immortal Gu Blood Asset.


 Fang Yuan breathed roughly, the arrangement of the Gu formation had reached its most crucial moment.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu slowly floated into the jade light.


 Almost instantly, the jade light was dyed by blood asset Immortal Gu and turned blood red.


 The red light got stronger and stronger, several breaths later, it reached an intensity that was on par with the jade light earlier.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath, the most crucial step was over, he just had to follow the routine now.


 The bright red pillar weakened before dissipating, but the fragrance still remained in the air, permeating the cave below.


 This cave was huge, it was around 200000m2.


 Deep underground, there was a few li of distance.


 The cave was not completely sealed, there were a hundred tunnels that resembled air vents, connecting the cave to the outside world. On the surface of the ground, there were countless holes that were dark and deep, but they gave off fragrance.


 “The Gu formation for the coiling thread caves is arranged! The creation of the coiling thread caves is half done.”


 “Next, I have to move those regretful spiders over and start nurturing them.”


 “This process would require the modification of the Gu formation, in a month or two, I will be done.”


 Fang Yuan was filled with joy.


 Chi Shang left this place and returned to Chi clan, as Fang Yuan continued his dream realm exploration.


 In the formation path dream realm earlier, there were two scenes left, they were solved by Fang Yuan’s unravel dream killer move.


 As he had expected, Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level reached grandmaster!


 Using his formation path grandmaster attainment level, as well as the immense gains from interacting with Chi Shang, Fang Yuan easily deduced a brand new coiling thread Gu formation.


 This coiling thread Gu formation still used blood asset Immortal Gu, and the effect was only doubled.


 Fang Yuan’s initial Gu formation concept could multiply his gains by eight, but this was not solvable. There was no way of setting it up.


 Doubling it made Fang Yuan satisfied already.


 He still had a lot of accumulations left, he could use unravel dream many times, and with Chi Shang leaving and diverting attention away for him, he could secretly explore dream realms now.


 Fang Yuan treasured this rare opportunity, in the following days, he gave an excuse of going into closed cultivation in order to to delve into dream realms.


 Right as he was laboriously exploring dream realms, shocking news came out that shook the Gu Immortals of all five regions.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court had lost!


 They sent a powerful group to Northern Plains, but they did not manage to save Ma Hong Yun and even had a crushing defeat.


 Out of the three rank eight Gu Immortals, Wei Ling Yang, Myriad Tidal Dragon and Bi Chen Tian, two died while one went missing.


 The one who killed the rank eight Gu Immortals was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s former steed, legendary immemorial desolate beast — Dog Tail Life Extending Ferret.


 But Central Continent had survivors too.


 Zhao Lian Yun, Yu Yi Ye Zi, Shi Zheng Yi and the rest were saved by Wei Ling Yang risking his life, they managed to hair-raisingly escape with their lives under the reinforcements of Central Continent later.


 This news made the entire world shocked!


 Central Continent’s foundation and strength was publicly recognized as the strongest in all five regions.


 The ten great ancient sects were super forces which governed Central Continent, any one of them could defeat the average level of super clans or tribes in all five regions.


 And Heavenly Court was in charge of the ten great ancient sects, not only did it rule Central Continent, its influence extended to the other four regions.


 Its status in the hearts of Central Continent’s people was unshakeable. In the hearts of the people in the other four regions, it was the number one force in the world.


 After all, it had three Immortal Venerables that were in it, which force in this world could match it?


 But this extremely powerful Heavenly Court actually lost in Northern Plains.


 After their shock, everyone learned about more information and expressed their understanding.


 Because it was traditionally known that Northern Plains was tough and had high battle strength, and this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s descendants, Longevity Heaven, were the ones who fought!


 As for Heavenly Court’s defeat, they had ventured into another region, their true strength had not been used.


 In fact, the group from Heavenly Court that went to Northern Plains was not just fighting Longevity Heaven, they also fought against Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 But regardless of the reasons, they had lost, the reputations of Longevity Heaven and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable soared, while those of Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects fell drastically.



***
Chapter 1335 - Heavenly Courts Countermeasure


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian died while Myriad Tidal Dragon escaped...”


 Fang Yuan muttered.


 Information was transmitted to him, in this super Gu formation, he was the person with the clearest understanding of that situation.


 “Looking at the date, it is about time.”


 “Heavenly Court went to Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, which was represented by Longevity Heaven, Central Continent was dealt a huge blow as a result.”


 “Dog tail life extending ferret... as expected of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s steed, its battle strength is truly fearsome.”


 “Even though this raises Northern Plains’ morale, it is not a problem for Heavenly Court.”


 With the five hundred years of his previous life, and experiencing the first half of the five regions chaotic war, Fang Yuan knew that Heavenly Court had immensely deep foundation. Compared to it, Longevity Heaven was just Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, its foundation was far less abundant.


 “This kind of event is incredibly rare. It had never happened in my previous life.”


 “After this, Northern Plains and Central Continent are basically enemies, or rather, Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court are on opposite sides.”


 “And now, will Heavenly Court take revenge? If they do, it will be very interesting.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind, continuing to deduce and try to find out the possible political outcomes.


 Longevity Heaven came from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, while Heavenly Court had three Immortal Venerables, they were all righteous path forces, to think that they would attack each other so harshly.


 Right now, the Gu Immortals of all five regions, and all the different forces, were focused on this matter.


 They were focusing on Heavenly Court’s reaction.


 According to conventional reasoning, Heavenly Court had to counterattack, because it was the number one Gu Immortal organization in the five regions. If it did not do anything, its reputation would fall.


 But the five regional walls prevented any large scale war between Gu Immortals.


 And most people did not know about Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 It was too difficult for Heavenly Court to attack.


 Thus, whether it attacked or not, it had its own excuses.


 And no matter what Heavenly Court chose, its next step would decide the direction that the five regions would progress towards.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


 He had predicted this long ago.


 Heavenly Court sent Gu Immortals to save Ma Hong Yun, they would definitely face the obstruction of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals. After Central Continent’s Gu Immortals failed the rescue, they escaped back to Central Continent, and this battle, which had lasted a long time, finally reached a conclusion.


 But when he received news of this, Fang Yuan felt something amiss.


 There was something wrong.


 But he could not state what the problem was.


 “Perhaps, because everyone has changed so much because of my actions, there were too many chain reactions, and the advantage of my rebirth is shrinking, so I am feeling increasingly uneasy?”


 The radiance of dream realm shone on Fang Yuan’s face, his expression became dark and uncertain.


 “No matter what, increasing my strength is most important.”


 “Dream realm, here I come!”


 Regardless of the situation outside, or how treacherous or uncertain it was, as long as he got stronger, Fang Yuan would feel safer.


 His soul entered the dream.


 Regaining his senses, Fang Yuan quickly found out that he was in the wilderness.


 Night time.


 The crescent moon emitted a cold light.


 Wild dogs were barking, Fang Yuan was immobile, he was carried by two people from the front and back.


 “What is the matter?” Realizing that he could not move, Fang Yuan started to assess the situation around him.


 Grunt grunt...


 Sounds that resembled a pig eating entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


 He soon realized that this weird sound came from the two who were carrying him.


 These two weird people carried Fang Yuan until halfway up the mountain.


 The dark clouds in the sky faded, using the cold moonlight, Fang Yuan found that the two strange people holding him up were not humans, they were two boar headed beastmen.


 “In the current world, beastmen are extinct. Since beastmen appeared in this dream realm, what era is this?” A question appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan felt something amiss, he started to struggle but he soon realized that he was extremely weak, he was heavily injured.


 He struggled intensely, but he only managed to move his body slightly.


 “Grr! Grr!”


 The two boar headed beastmen noticed Fang Yuan’s movement and started to growl.


 “Oh no!!” Fang Yuan cried out internally.


 But the two beastmen were faster, they suddenly let go, Fang Yuan fell to the ground.


 The intense pain almost made Fang Yuan faint on the spot.


 Using his firm determination and willpower, Fang Yuan forced his eyes open and saw that the boar headed beastman in front of him raised his leg.


 He stomped on Fang Yuan’s face as the shape of the boar leg enlarged in Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s entire head was smashed like a watermelon, blood flowed out with brain matter scattering everywhere.


 “F*ck!” The dream realm exploration ended, Fang Yuan’s soul was injured, he was forced out.


 “This means, I need to wait for my chance, I cannot act rashly?” Fang Yuan thought as he used guts Gu to heal himself.


 Unravel dream had limited usage in numbers, the nightmare demonic colt immortal materials had already been expended.


 But guts Gu was different, as long as he had Dang Hun Mountain, guts Gu was infinite in supply.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was more willing to use guts Gu and suffer soul injuries than use unravel dream unnecessarily.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s soul healed, and he entered the dream realm again.


 This time, Fang Yuan did not move, he allowed the two boar headed beastmen to carry him halfway up the mountain.


 “Grr grr.” At a certain point, the boar headed beastmen stopped as one of them grunted.


 The other one lifted Fang Yuan’s legs as he walked up.


 Using the moonlight, Fang Yuan could see that these two boar headed beastmen were on the edge of a cliff.


 “Oh no!” Fang Yuan was about to struggle when these two boar headed beastmen tossed Fang Yuan down the cliff.


 Fang Yuan rapidly fell down the cliff.


 “This is?!” His eyes were wide opened, the bottom of the cliff was a mass grave.


 Countless corpses were casually lying around, the rotten corpses had a thick mist of foul smelling odor around them.


 Before Fang Yuan could think anymore, plop.


 With a loud sound, Fang Yuan fell to the bottom of the cliff.


 He was crushed into meat paste, he was dead with a ruined corpse left behind.


 Fang Yuan was forced out of the dream realm again.


 “This dream realm, what is it exactly?”


 While Fang Yuan was exploring the dream realm, in Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 “Lord Duke Long, please.” An old woman spoke, she had a hunched back, she was bending down, her hair was yellow like wheat, her face was wrinkled and her eyes were blurry.


 She wore a yellow-brown robe, there was a ring of sand around her waist, she was standing before Duke Long reverently.


 Duke Long was no longer in a weak state after taking away Di Zang Sheng’s life force, he was mighty and commanding now, he had regained his demeanor as the apex of a legend.


 At this moment, he was looking at the tower in front of him as he nodded: “Granny Sha, you did well.”


 This tower was Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 A rank nine Immortal Gu House!


 It had incredible reputation, it was famous throughout history.


 Even though it was shattered in Southern Border, most of the Immortal Gu were preserved, after it was sent back to Heavenly Court, Gu Immortal Granny Sha woke up and had been refining Gu, repairing Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Right now, her work was done, Heaven Overseeing Tower was repaired completely!


 “Lord Duke Long, please.” Granny Sha led the way.


 Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei followed, entering Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 The white jade stairs spiralled upwards, it was no different from before.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower had not activated, so Duke Long and the others went up without anything happening.


 When they got to the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, the three Gu Immortals saw an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu gave off an intense rank nine aura, it was like a spider, colored in black and white, there was a scarlet wound on its body that almost cut it in two.


 What else was it but rank nine fate Immortal Gu?


 This fate Immortal Gu was damaged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable using the power of love Immortal Gu, it almost died. But after the hard work of generations of Heavenly Court’s members, it had finally recovered to fifty percent during the last Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 After reaching this point of qualitative change, fate Immortal Gu’s recovery speed was many times that of before.


 Right now, even without success dao marks, it had recovered to sixty percent due to Granny Sha’s hard work.


 “Good, very good, Granny Sha, you have contributed greatly to Heavenly Court, you have contributed greatly to humanity. I am sure that when Heavenly Court rules the five regions, your merits will be recorded in history and be revered by all descendants in the future.” Duke Long sighed with an appreciative tone.


 Granny Sha smiled: “I am flattered, Lord Duke Long, I was merely contributing my meager strength. Furthermore, repairing Heaven Overseeing Tower was that old man’s wish too. Hehehe...”


 Granny Sha laughed continuously as her body turned into sand while she laughed.


 A wind started blowing from nowhere, causing the sand to scatter in the air.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Granny Sha, refinement path great grandmaster, had died at this moment!


 She had little lifespan to begin with, when the previous generation Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord died, she woke up from shock, and contributed the last spark of her life to Heavenly Court.


 Silence.


 Another Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal had sacrificed herself, during this period of time, Heavenly Court had sacrificed many members.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes were slightly red.


 Duke Long’s expression did not change, his body was straight like a ruler, he spoke: “In the passage of history, generations of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals have sacrificed themselves like this, to give a bright future to our descendants. Wei Ling Yang, Bi Chen Tian, they were sacrificed, Granny Sha was sacrificed, and in the future, the two of us will do the same.”


 “Why has Heavenly Court always been the top Gu Immortal force? Other than the three Immortal Venerables, there is another important reason, that is, us Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are not afraid of sacrificing ourselves. Because we know that humanity needs us, everyone needs us, heaven and earth need us!”


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply, trying to regain her calmness: “Then, Lord Duke Long, what do we do now?”


 Duke Long shut his eyes, before opening them again: “The great era is beginning, some people cannot be allowed to live anymore.”


 “But that Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie, Purple, and others are all crafty, we have no idea where they are now. It is too tough to deduce their locations with the obstruction of regional walls.” Fairy Zi Wei had a worried expression.


 “No need to worry.” Duke Long waved his hand: “No matter where they are now, we both know that they will go to one place, the giant dream realm in Southern Border.”


 “Forget about Northern Plains and Longevity Heaven, they are small problems.”


 “We have to get rid of these largest threats first!”



***
Chapter 1336 - Part Man Part Beast, Zuo Ye Hui


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Cold moon and desolate mountain.


 Two boar headed beastmen carried Fang Yuan up the mountain from the front and back.


 Fang Yuan continued to observe, he did not act rashly.


 “My body is a rank four Gu Master, I have an aperture and primeval essence but I have no Gu worms.”


 “And I am heavily injured and extremely weak, even if I am in a healthy state, without any Gu worms, I am no match for these two boar headed beastmen.”


 “However, once we get to the cliff, these two boar headed beastmen will toss me down. From this height, I will definitely die without the protection of any Gu worms, unless I had the sovereign immortal body.”


 “Thus... my only hope of survival is on this road up the mountain?”


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 After analyzing this, Fang Yuan used this trump card.


 After activating unravel dream, Fang Yuan saw immediate effect.


 He felt like he regained some strength at this instant. For example, he was like an adventurer who was about to die of thirst in the desert earlier, but now, he drank a few drops of water.


 “There was an effect, but isn’t the strength I recovered too little?”


 Fang Yuan had no choice, he could only use unravel dream again.


 This time, some of his injuries had instantly formed scabs, the pain he was feeling became less intense.


 But on his chest and back, there were still several deep wounds where bones could be seen, they were not recovering.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan had to use this immortal killer move continuously, his major injuries healed drastically, though they did not form scabs, his bleeding condition had ceased. He regained quite a bit of strength, his body had regained some warmth from its initial icy state.


 But this did not give Fang Yuan any notable battle strength.


 He was still a mortal now, he had primeval essence but he could not fight any of the boar headed beastmen alone.


 Moreover, there were two boar headed beastmen, not just one.


 “What is going on?”


 “Immortal killer move unravel dream’s effect was so little?”


 “I used it five times but this is all I got?”


 Fang Yuan looked at the cliff that he was reaching, he made up his mind: “Forget it, I should take action first!”


 His body bounced up like a lobster.


 The two boar headed beastmen were caught by surprise and he managed to get free from them.


 Fang Yuan landed on the ground, the tough rocks stabbed into his wounds as he almost fainted from pain.


 The two boar headed beastmen had already reacted, they shouted as they pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used his profound fighting skills to dodge while escaping and running down the mountain.


 The two beastmen chased after him.


 In a while, the two boar beastmen found Fang Yuan.


 Plop.


 Two white boar tusks stabbed into Fang Yuan’s injuries on his back, penetrating out of his chest.


 Fang Yuan stopped moving, blood flowed out of his mouth.


 Soon after, his vision turned dark.


 When he opened his eyes, he was in a hall.


 He had returned to reality again, sent out of the dream realm.


 His face was pale, his soul was injured, but what made Fang Yuan surprised was this strange dream realm.


 “This dream realm is the most difficult one I have ever been in.”


 “Even though it is a realistic dream realm, the difficulty is incredibly high.”


 “As of now, I have not even finished exploring the first scene, and I have already died multiple times.”


 “Unravel dream is also extremely weak in there, what is going on?”


 This problem made Fang Yuan very perplexed.


 He thought about it and could not deduce anything, he had to take a step back and think about how he could deal with the two beastmen and escape alive.


 “The boar headed beastmen have huge bodies, if I can enter the forest, it would be easier. But this desolate mountain has no trees around, there are not even any piles of rocks.”


 “I can only use unravel dream five times, any additional tries would have no effect.”


 “Even though it can allow me to regain my strength and stabilize my wounds, the effects are not much, it would be better to have a single Gu worm.”


 “Furthermore, even if I have Gu worms and a forest around, my stamina is limited, I cannot get far.”


 After some analysis, Fang Yuan finally realized: “So this dream realm forces me to fall to the bottom of the cliff?”


 Entering the dream realm again.


 This time, Fang Yuan did not act rashly, he used unravel dream and preserved his strength and mental energy.


 When he was at the cliff, the two boar headed beastmen tossed him over the cliff.


 But the point of difference was, in midair, Fang Yuan started to adjust his body, getting close to the cliff.


 Several breaths later, he saw some strange rocks on the wall, they were protruding out. There were also some trees that lived tenaciously on the cliff face.


 Bam.


 With a loud crash, Fang Yuan landed on a rock, his bones broke and he died.


 “The speed of descent was too fast, my injuries were too severe, I died the moment I landed on a rock, it seems I need to land on the trees.”


 Entering the dream realm again.


 Using this experience, Fang Yuan landed on a tree.


 Crack crack.


 Following the sounds of some breaking branches, Fang Yuan fell downwards after his body broke some branches.


 But this time, he fell much slower.


 He used his soles and arms to grab at the cliff wall and adjust his direction.


 The second tree.


 Plop!


 Fang Yuan landed on the tree trunk, he was pierced thoroughly by countless sharp leaves that were as long as an arm.


 He died on the spot.


 “What, what is this tree?” Fang Yuan was expelled from the dream realm again.


 After many tries, continuously using guts Gu and unravel dream.


 After dying eighteen times in the dream realm, Fang Yuan finally landed at the bottom of the valley.


 But his injuries were too severe, his four limbs were unusable, only his right arm had some sensation left. He was batched in blood as his injuries tore open again, his warm blood was flowing out continuously. His bones were mostly fractured, the intense pain was assaulting him like burning fire.


 But this was the best result that Fang Yuan could achieve after countless tries.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan used unravel dream, after he got to the bottom of the valley, it could be used again.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries healed a little, he could exert strength in his right arm, his left leg also regained some sensation, but his right leg was completely broken, it was twisted by his ankle at an awkward angle.


 Fang Yuan quickly inspected the situation around him as he looked around.


 There was a pile of corpses, like a mountain, flesh was rotting, the stench of corpses was dense as a mist, assaulting his nose.


 “What do I do now?” While Fang Yuan was dazed, he felt a strong Gu Immortal aura above his head.


 Two variant human rank seven Gu Immortals appeared in the sky.


 They were both beastmen, one had a boar head and human body, while another had a snake body and human head.


 “Be careful, it’s a big one down there!” The Gu Immortal with a snake body and human head said in a cold voice.


 “Hahaha, big fellow, why are you sleeping, wake up!!” The boar head and human body Gu Immortal laughed loudly.


 The two were not quiet, they purposely amplified their voices, they sounded like rumbling thunder, reverberating in the valley.


 Incited by this voice, an overwhelming aura burst out of the mist-like stench of corpses.


 Rumble!


 An intense aura burst out in the surroundings, all of the stench in the valley was blown away.


 A giant figure appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 It was a giant.


 Seven to eight stories tall.


 It was black in color, its black hair flowed like a cape, extending to its waist. Hidden by its hair were two bright red spots.


 It had awakened!


 The two beastman Gu Immortals were stunned by this aura, they were no longer arrogant, they were filled with anxiety and fear.


 Fang Yuan was the same.


 Because this monster’s aura showed him: “Rank eight peak Gu Immortal aura! But it seems like a man, and an immemorial desolate beast at the same time.”


 “Big fellow, go eat.”


 “That’s right, this flesh and blood was obtained by our clan after many battles.”


 The two beastman Gu Immortals urged.


 “How many times have I said it, I have a name, I am Zuo Ye Hui.” The black giant actually spoke, but it went back to eating after saying that.


 It stretched out its arms, corpses were grabbed by its monstrous hands as it stuffed them into its mouth.


 “This is not good.” Fang Yuan thought, at this rate, he was going to be eaten.


 ...


 Southern Border, black demon pit.


 Southern Border had many mountains and many pits.


 Black demon pit was not eye catching among all the pits, it was small and did not have many dao marks.


 It produced some dark path resources, but for super forces, it was not useful, and for normal forces, the excavation was too tough.


 Thus, nobody came here.


 But at this moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch and the others came to black demon pit.


 “What are we doing here?” Bai Ning Bing looked around, she used the investigative method from Bai Xiang’s true inheritance but could not see anything.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch did not answer her, he spoke seemingly at the air: “I am here, act according to our agreement, previously, I passed you my true inheritance, you owe me a favor.”


 “Favor? What favor?!” A voice came from within the pit.


 Afterwards, an intense aura burst out, from weak to strong, in the blink of an eye, Bai Ning Bing’s, Ying Wu Xie’s, and the others’ expressions changed.


 Only Purple Mountain True Monarch remained calm as before: “Haven’t you always wanted to be human? Zuo Ye Hui.”


 “Human? Oh, I remember now, you are that guy from back then.”


 “Right, back then, I helped you, you owe me a favor.”


 “Mm! I, Zuo Ye Hui, want to be human, I need to return the favor. Tell me, what help do you need.”


 “What you are most skilled at — eating humans.”


 “Hahaha, I am sick of eating normal humans.”


 “Don’t worry, they are immortals, there might even be rank eight Gu Immortals.” Purple Mountain True Monarch smiled.


 “That’s good!!!”



***
Chapter 1337 - Mushroomman Paradise, Dark Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, giant dream realm.


 “Zuo Ye Hui?!” Hearing the name of this giant monster, Fang Yuan’s heart shook intensely.


 This was an immemorial desolate beast with a mysterious origin, it had existed since a million years ago, during the Olden Antiquity Era.


 Every time it appeared, there would be endless slaughter and fighting. In terms of seniority, the dog tail life extending ferret from Northern Plains was merely a newcomer that rose to fame three hundred thousand years ago.


 Zuo Ye Hui, You Tian Guang, these two names were once placed side by side in human history. They were the nightmares of the Olden Antiquity Era, Medieval Antiquity Era, and Late Antiquity Era.


 They were immemorial desolate beasts, but they possessed human forms, nobody knew why.


 Whenever they appeared, they would create endless slaughter, no matter which region, they would whip up a bloody storm.


 Even Central Continent’s Heavenly Court could not exterminate them.


 They were extremely crafty, they worked together and whenever a Demon Venerable or Immortal Venerable was alive, they would hide and not show up.


 Thankfully, when it was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s era, the kindest Immortal Venerable throughout history was determined to get rid of these evils, he spent a lot of time and effort, finally locating these two legendary immemorial desolate beasts’ hiding spot.


 After an intense battle, You Tian Guang died, while Zuo Ye Hui was heavily injured, it managed to escape but it went missing, it was unknown if it was dead or alive.


 “Zuo Ye Hui... I actually encountered this legendary immemorial desolate beast in a dream realm?” Fang Yuan held in his shock, he continued to climb.


 Zuo Ye Hui was eating all of the corpses around it, in the surroundings of this beast, the mountain-like pile of corpses was pouring into its bloodthirsty mouth.


 Immortal killer move!


 This was obviously an immortal killer move.


 Its chewing alone could not allow it to eat at such a rapid speed.


 Fang Yuan was having a tough time.


 He was heavily injured and could not move fast, the speed of his climbing could not match the speed of suction by Zuo Ye Hui, he was dragged towards the center by these moving corpses.


 Suddenly, Zuo Ye Hui breathed in deeply.


 Intense winds blew, Fang Yuan was caught off guard and the winds blew him away, into Zuo Ye Hui’s mouth.


 Zuo Ye Hui chewed rapidly, Fang Yuan was chomped up into meat paste by its sharp teeth.


 “I died again!” Fang Yuan returned to reality with his soul injuries.


 “How do I pass this dream realm?” This problem was like a giant boulder blocking Fang Yuan’s advancement.


 He fell into deep contemplation.


 While he was brought up the mountain by the two boar headed beastmen, Fang Yuan tried many ways but could not escape.


 He knew now that this dream realm was forcing him to enter the valley.


 But this valley was more dangerous than the boar headed beastmen.


 Because a legendary immemorial desolate beast was there.


 Immemorial desolate beasts rivaled rank eight Gu Immortals, but most of them had low intelligence, they were not the match of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But there were exceptions to everything, among immemorial desolate beasts, there were a certain few unique individuals.


 Due to all sorts of fortuitous encounters, they had wisdom akin to that of humans, they learned the ways of Gu cultivation and had immortal apertures, they knew how to manipulate Immortal Gu and could even unleash immortal killer moves.


 Their danger was extremely large, thus, every legendary immemorial desolate beast had its own name.


 Like dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu, Central Continent’s Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng as well as Huo Kong, along with Zuo Ye Hui and You Tian Guang. These were all legendary immemorial desolate beasts.


 Such existences were often stronger than most rank eight Gu Immortals.


 This could be seen from how the dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu, killed two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings, but they had weak bodies and could not compare to other lifeforms if Gu worms were not used. Be it speed, strength, lifespan, recovery speed, vision, hearing, and others, humans were inferior.


 Immemorial desolate beasts possessed extremely dense dao marks, they had longer lifespan than humans, their recovery, strength, and others surpassed an ordinary human. Once they could use Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves, possessed an immortal aperture and had wisdom like humans, their strength would naturally surpass rank eight Gu Immortals.


 “Does this dream realm want me to try and escape from getting eaten by Zuo Ye Hui?”


 Fang Yuan entered the dream again.


 Using unravel dream along the way, he went to the bottom of the giant corpse pile with a shred of life remaining.


 “Good.” Fang Yuan gathered his focus, and pushed away all of the corpses before Zuo Ye Hui started eating, burying himself.


 As Zuo Ye Hui started to suck, intense winds blew.


 The surface of the corpse mountain started to fly away towards it.


 Fang Yuan was intact as he had dug into the corpses.


 But soon, the intense winds continued unceasingly as he was swept into Zuo Ye Hui’s mouth again.


 “F*ck!” Fang Yuan’s final view was a row of sharp teeth stabbing into his body.


 ...


 Entering the dream again.


 “I’ll dig, dig and dig more.” Fang Yuan continued as he used unravel dream to find some easy spots to drill into, allowing his progress to be faster.


 Zuo Ye Hui continued to breathe in, after a long time, the winds stopped.


 Fang Yuan was also on his last breaths, hiding among the corpses.


 “I finally endured it.” While he was rejoicing, one of the two beastman Gu Immortals in the air spoke.


 “Zuo Ye Hui, good appetite.”


 The dark giant said: “Too few, too few! I want to eat more humans, the more humans I eat, I closer I am to becoming human.”


 “Don’t worry, there’s more.” The beastman Gu Immortal laughed as it opened its immortal aperture, a large number of human Gu Master corpses fell down like a waterfall.


 “F*ck.” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he uncontrollably cursed.


 At the next moment, he was squashed to death by the pile of corpses.


 ...


 Entering the dream again.


 Fang Yuan dug into the corpse pile, but this time, he did not use his full strength.


 After the intense winds vanished, he was at the top layer of the remaining corpses.


 Corpses rained down as Fang Yuan quickly climbed towards the walls, trying to find some mountain rocks as his shelter.


 After the corpses rained down, he was intact.


 “What should I do now?” Fang Yuan looked at the pile of corpses in front of him as he thought rapidly.


 Currently, he was still buried among the corpses, he was about six meters away from the top layer.


 And now, he felt a numb sensation in his chest.


 Fang Yuan could not see in the pile of corpses, he used his hand to touch it.


 Next, he touched a slippery tail, it seemed like a snake or a centipede.


 Next, this tail drilled into his chest.


 “Am I dying again?” This question had just appeared in his mind when he was kicked out of the dream realm yet again.


 ...


 “Earlier, that seems to be a Gu worm?” Fang Yuan thought in real life.


 “There are so many mortal Gu Master corpses, it seemed like a huge battle occurred and some mortal Gu were not taken away, that is normal. Even if Gu Immortals find them, those tiny mortal Gu are not of significance to them.”


 “Of course, in an extreme environment like the sea of corpses, wild Gu might be created, it is not strange.”


 Fang Yuan acutely sensed that this Gu worm was his opportunity.


 After his injuries healed, he entered the dream realm again.


 Refinement of the Gu worm failed, he died.


 Refining again, this time, he was in a deadlock as Zuo Ye Hui started to eat again, Fang Yuan was interrupted and failed, he died.


 Finally, after refining the Gu worm, he realized that it was a rank two Gu worm used for offense, Fang Yuan cursed as once again, he died.


 Again, he died.


 And died.


 And died.


 “What sort of rotten dream is this?” There were an uncountable number of failures, even one time, because of his actions, the two Gu Immortals took notice and waved their fingers, causing Fang Yuan to die from a mystical light.


 Despair.


 In this dream realm, Fang Yuan was too weak.


 Any mishap or wind was a fatal danger to him that caused him to die.


 “Should I give up on this dream realm?” Thoughts continuously appeared of giving up.


 Fang Yuan’s investment in this dream realm was beyond the rest, but hope was bleak, he could not see any chance of success.


 This dream realm was unimaginably difficult!


 “Let’s try once more.”


 “I can persevere once more.”


 “I died again... should I give up?”


 There was another chain of deaths, Fang Yuan wanted to give up, but he could not bear to because he had invested so much, more importantly, he had never seen such a dream realm, if he succeeded, it would be a huge accumulation of experience to him!


 Even if he gave up now, would he encounter such a dream realm again in the future?


 Gritting his teeth and persevering.


 Until the final time.


 There were about sixty corpses in the ground in the valley, Fang Yuan struggled for a long time before preserving his life, he was mixed among them.


 A Gu formation appeared.


 Fang Yuan discovered that Zuo Ye Hui was trapped by this super Gu formation, its lower body was buried in the ground, only its upper body could move.


 “This damned four elements formation, let me break you!” After it ate enough, Zuo Ye Hui roared at the sky as it burst out with a powerful dark grey light.


 The grey light enveloped the entire valley.


 “Oh no, this is the immortal killer move grey night! Let’s retreat!” The two beastman Gu Immortals flew into the sky.


 The four elements formation activated, as earth, water, wind, and fire, four mystical lights burst out and resisted the grey light, limiting it to the valley.


 Zuo Ye Hui growled in anger and unwillingness to give in, but it was useless.


 “What the, how can I dodge this?!” The grey light was everywhere, enveloping the valley, the beastman Gu Immortals could run, but Fang Yuan could not.


 He watched as the surrounding grass and rocks were eliminated by this grey light, he himself was no exception.


 Fang Yuan fell into deep despair: “This is an unsolvable dream realm?! The grey light cannot be dodged! If I had known this, I would’ve given up long ago, that was the wiser decision!”


 Feeling deep regret, Fang Yuan returned to the real world.


 His soul injury was much more severe than any of his previous attempts.


 But...


 What made Fang Yuan joyful was that his dark path attainment level had risen to grandmaster level all of a sudden.


 “What happened?” Fang Yuan quickly inspected.


 He was shocked to find out that this dream realm had vanished.


 “So lasting until the final moment meant passing this dream realm! I succeeded! This is a survival type dream realm, I only needed to last till the end.”


 “This dream realm only had one scene, but after passing it, my ordinary dark path attainment level rose up to grandmaster level!”


 “Is it because of Zuo Ye Hui’s existence?”


 Many questions were left unanswered.


 Fang Yuan’s knowledge of dream realms was too shallow. After all, he had not invested effort into dream realms in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 At the same time, Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan were filled with questions.


 “Where is this?” Hei Lou Lan looked at the world of birds and flowers that was shrouded in thin fog as she asked.


 “This is the Mushroomman Paradise.” A variant human Gu Immortal appeared from within the fog.


 “Mushroomman Gu Immortal?” Bai Ning Bing’s dragon pupils shrunk.


 Mushroommen were a type of variant humans, they resembled humans but there was a mushroom cap on their heads, resembling a hat.


 Below the mushroom cap were the mushroomman’s brows and eyes, as for nose, ears, and other features, they were all present.


 “Mushroomman... Paradise?” Hei Lou Lan muttered these two words: “Don’t tell me, this is Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s...”



***
Chapter 1338 - Seven Illusions True Inheritance, Chakra Melons


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Before Hei Lou Lan finished her words, Purple Mountain True Monarch interrupted: “That’s right, this blessed land has been modified by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it faces no calamities and tribulations, the Mushroomman blessed land has turned into the Mushroomman Paradise. Of course, there are many paradises in this world, but this one is very special, because Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had cultivated here before he became a venerable.”


 “Oh!” The mushroomman Gu Immortal sighed deeply: “Ever since I obtained that true inheritance, I knew that one day, I would have to pay a huge price. But if you want me to help you with evil deeds, that is impossible, you can just kill me.”


 “I won’t kill you.” Purple Mountain True Monarch showed a crafty smile: “I want you to bring them into the melon cave, where Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had once stayed in and cultivated for some time. You won’t refuse this request, right?”


 The mushroomman Gu Immortal’s expression became even more bitter, he thought for a while before nodding solemnly: “Alright, I agree.”


 Mushroomman Paradise, melon cave.


 This cave was guarded by the mushroomman Gu Immortal.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch assimilated with heaven’s will, he could sense heaven’s will’s plotting, he used this mushroomman Gu Immortal to successfully send Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing into this magical place.


 “These are the chakra melons that my tribe grows. You can cultivate here secretly, but don’t damage a single melon.” The mushroomman Gu Immortal said.


 Chakra melons?


 Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan looked at each other, seeing the shock on their faces.


 Chakra melons were rank seven immortal materials, containing refinement path dao marks, they could be used in any Gu refinement.


 Thus, this immortal material was very widely used.


 And now, both of them saw the scale of this melon plantation cave, it was simply terrifyingly huge. How many chakra melons were there?


 Purple Mountain True Monarch explained from the side: “No need to guess, this is the largest chakra melon production area in treasure yellow heaven, they have almost sixty percent of the market share.”


 “Of course, I did not bring you here for the chakra melons, the important thing is this super Gu formation.”


 “This super Gu formation uses rule path ripe Immortal Gu as the core, and it also uses rank seven dew Immortal Gu as a supplementary Immortal Gu. When you train your immortal killer moves here, the effectiveness will rise sharply, you will become more proficient in them.”


 “And because of dew Immortal Gu, your immortal essence recovery speed will be very fast inside the Gu formation.”


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing heard this and showed great joy.


 Such a cultivation paradise simply suited them perfectly.


 Hei Lou Lan cultivated strength path primarily along with fire path, she had few strength path Immortal Gu, and many fire path Immortal Gu, she also had countless fire path immortal killer moves left by her aunt in the fire path true inheritance.


 Bai Ning Bing had just obtained Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, she was not weak either, she had many Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.


 Right now, what restricted them was the fact that they had just obtained their true inheritances and did not have the time to fully convert these gains into battle strength.


 In the regional walls, when they fought Fang Yuan, this weakness was very obvious.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch woke up and took charge, in order to raise his side’s battle strength, he brought these two here, using this paradise to train the two immortals.


 Melon cave had a huge space, the mushroomman Gu Immortal easily provided an area for Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan to cultivate.


 After making arrangements for them, Purple Mountain True Monarch left the Mushroomman Paradise.


 Days passed by.


 Fang Yuan was still in the super Gu formation, exploring dream realms.


 On the surface, he was cultivating in seclusion, he had deceived everyone, nobody knew that he was exploring dream realms, his gains were immense.


 Chi Shang was a good benchmark.


 Chi Shang was the formation devotee, after more than a hundred years of researching formation path, he reached his formation path grandmaster attainment level. At his age, his talents and achievements were considered rare among Gu Immortals.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan only spent a month or two to pass a dream realm with formation path true meaning and become a formation path grandmaster.


 Because dream realms were so amazing, and could reduce the time needed for accumulations, during the five regions chaotic war, all sorts of Gu Immortal experts appeared, they were like shining stars in the sky, there were countless geniuses.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was not only a formation path grandmaster, he was also a dark path grandmaster.


 With such attainment level, Fang Yuan had new ideas towards the use of dark limit Immortal Gu.


 “Right now, I can use dark limit Immortal Gu as the core to form an immortal killer move targeting myself, to prevent the deduction of others. Along with my dark path dao marks, this immortal killer move’s power will be very terrifying.”


 “I can even use dark limit Immortal Gu as the core to form an immortal killer move that can unleash an attack resembling dark arrow Immortal Gu.”


 “There is also another idea, I can use dark limit Immortal Gu in other immortal killer moves to conceal all of the auras of these killer moves. After using them, I can catch people off guard, and achieve incredible effects.”


 Actually, for Fang Yuan, he needed food path and information path dream realms most.


 Food path would allow him to feed Immortal Gu more easily with lower costs. The savings could be used to assist in his cultivation or development of resources.


 Information path was even more important.


 Fang Yuan had many information path alliance agreements right now.


 This made him lose a lot of freedom, when he did things, he was restricted, it was inconvenient.


 There was another point, if his information path attainment level rose, Fang Yuan would be able to decipher many information path traps and methods, he would be able to cooperate with Shadow Sect.


 But things in this world did not come according to one’s wishes.


 The place that Fang Yuan was guarding was like a window. After he finished his exploration, Zuo Ye Hui’s dream realm vanished, the new dream realms that filled up the space were all strange and absurd types.


 Fang Yuan did not want to try these types of dream realms, even if he had unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan patiently waited.


 Dream realms changed among themselves occasionally.


 But because he met with absurd dream realms consecutively, Fang Yuan could only divert his efforts elsewhere.


 Developing his immortal aperture was the key goal, secondly, his newly obtained dark path attainment level allowed him to create some useful immortal killer moves, and finally, he had to collect information.


 After Heavenly Court lost three rank eight Gu Immortals, they kept a low profile.


 The five regions were in a state of peace.


 But Wu clan’s troubles did not end. Even with Wu Yong suppressing the situation, sending people to resolve conflicts, the other super forces were causing all sorts of problems, Wu clan was extremely busy in dealing with them.


 There was a troublesome matter recently.


 The cause was the Immortal Gu recipe of bathing flames Immortal Gu, a mortal Gu Master had by chance excavated it.


 Once news spread, Yao clan’s and Wu clan’s attention was drawn.


 This Immortal Gu recipe was part of the content of the fire path true inheritance left by Stunning Immortal.


 A thousand years ago, Wu clan and Yao clan had lingering enmity after fighting over this fire path true inheritance. Eventually, both sides suffered losses, but they did not obtain this fire path true inheritance.


 The fire path true inheritance was said to be destroyed, but since the recipe of bathing flames Immortal Gu appeared, everyone started to have hope.


 Especially Wu clan and Yao clan, due to historical reasons, these two super forces had to get this Immortal Gu recipe. Even if they could not get it, the other party was not allowed to get it.


 Thus, Wu Yong sent out Wu Yi Ran, he gave up on defending blood tide pit, a resource point.


 Wu Yi Ran had rank seven cultivation level, he had outstanding battle strength, he obeyed the orders as he wanted to quickly settle the matter, but soon, he found that there was no Stunning Immortal true inheritance, only this bathing flames Immortal Gu recipe was left.


 As a result, many Gu Immortals left, they did not want to offend two super forces just for an Immortal Gu recipe.


 Yao clan was not going to give up, they sent a powerful person, Yao Geng.


 Wu Yi Ran and Yao Geng fought four times, they had two wins and losses each, the final match was the crucial one.


 During this crucial moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch secretly arrived at a meeting point.


 On a nameless mountain, he met a mysterious Gu Immortal.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal was covered in rainbow light, concealing his appearance: “You called me here?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch nodded: “That’s right, regardless of how you obtained the complete Seven Illusions true inheritance, you have already made an alliance agreement, you need to do seven things for me.”


 “Alright, which seven?” The mysterious Gu Immortal answered openly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s lips curled: “First, kill Wu Yi Ran.”


 The mysterious Gu Immortal was stunned: “Are you sure?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s smile widened, continuing: “Second, kill Yao Geng.”


 The mysterious Gu Immortal was wary: “What are you trying to do?”


 “You don’t need to care about that. Just kill the two of them.” Purple Mountain True Monarch chuckled.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal snorted coldly, his body vanished on the spot as he left.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s smile gradually faded, his arms were behind his back as he looked at a far away mountain with a deep gaze.


 “There is not much time left, I need to take action.” He muttered softly.


 A few days later, shocking news emerged.


 Wu Yi Ran and Yao Geng both went missing, the result of their fight was unknown.


 Wu clan and Yao clan were shaken, because from their life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, Wu Yi Ran and Yao Geng were already dead!


 Who was so ruthless?


 Wu Yong was enraged, right when he sent Gu Immortals to investigate this, blood tide pit erupted, a huge blood tide caused great destruction.


 Wu clan quickly sent Gu Immortals to suppress the situation, but they found traces that an immortal killer move, collapsing art, was used at the scene.


 Collapsing art was a killer move self-created by Yao Geng. The traces at the scene were indisputable.


 The situation became complex.


 “Did Yao Geng die after all?”


 “Is this Yao clan’s scheme?”


 “Other than Yao clan, is any other clan striking?”


 Wu Yong felt something amiss, he could sense a dangerous storm brewing!



***
Chapter 1339 - Framing, Blood Tide Pit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Splash splash splash.


 Sounds of waves were unceasing, the air was filled with a bloody smell, assaulting everyone’s noses.


 The two Gu Immortals from Wu clan, Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao, were flying in the sky now, looking at the sea of blood below, the former’s expression was solemn while the latter’s was bitter.


 “The blood flood has spread an enormous distance, more than ten mountains were flooded, if we do not seal it now, this calamity will cause even greater damage later.” Wu Yuan Ju said solemnly.


 Blood tide pit was originally defended by Wu Yi Ran, but after he died, blood tide pit was taken down and the Gu formations inside were destroyed. This caused the blood tide to burst out and flood the surrounding area, causing this huge disaster.


 Rong Hao had a worried expression: “It will not be easy for the two of us to create a new Gu formation and seal the blood tide again. If we had another rank six, with three Gu Immortals, we would barely be able to do it.”


 These two had rank six cultivation level, it was not difficult to handle this blood tide disaster, but Wu Yong gave them a limited amount of time. Two people were not able to resolve this in a short period of time.


 There was no choice, Wu Yong could not deploy more people to handle this troublesome situation.


 During Wu Du Xiu’s era, Wu clan rapidly expanded without obstruction, because Wu Du Xiu could suppress the entire situation alone.


 Once Wu Du Xiu died, Wu Yong took over, Wu clan only had one rank eight left, even though Wu Yong had great capabilities, Wu clan’s territory was just too big.


 Due to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s scheme, the super forces could not control their desires, Wu clan was faced with obstacles created by many of the super forces.


 Wu Yong stayed in their headquarters and was maintaining the situation and deciding on who to send.


 But this time, Wu Yi Ran had died, with him gone, a huge gap formed instantly in Wu clan’s defense line.


 Sending out Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao was already Wu clan’s limit.


 “Give it our all, even if we exceed the time limit, we have already tried our best.” Wu Yuan Ju sighed, starting to act.


 Rong Hao cooperated.


 He was not a Wu clansman, he was an external supreme elder recruited by Wu clan.


 Southern Border’s clans were very unwelcoming to outsiders, it was not easy for Wu clan to break tradition and recruit an external Gu Immortal into Wu clan.


 Under the two Gu Immortals’ methods, the blood tide continued to push backwards, the blood tide pit was like a huge monstrous mouth, devouring the blood outside.


 The situation was under control.


 It was getting better.


 Wu Yuan Ju sighed: “After suppressing this blood tide and rebuilding the Gu formation, Rong Hao, you will have to take over the position of guarding this place. I hope you can be careful, the situation is quite tense now.”


 Rong Hao nodded:”I understand. I heard that this blood tide pit was not naturally formed, it was created by Blood Sea Ancestor on purpose?”


 Wu Yuan Ju nodded: “Blood Sea Ancestor left behind seven true inheritances, this is one of the seven true inheritances that he had meticulously arranged. It was not eye-catching earlier, similar to normal pits, but when a Gu Master from Shang clan entered, he obtained a Blood Sea true inheritance, obtaining blood handprint Gu. This person is Shang clan’s previous clan leader, Shang Yan Fei, he had died on Yi Tian Mountain.”


 After Shang Yan Fei took away the Blood Sea true inheritance, blood tides started to appear in this pit unceasingly.


 Wu Du Xiu sent Gu Immortals here and made this part of Wu clan’s territory.


 Due to Wu clan’s management, blood tide pit quickly became a blood path resource point. Wu clan was developing blood path, this resource point made great contributions.


 “You two sure are happy.” At this time, Rong Hao heard a voice in his mind.


 “Who?!” Rong Hao was shocked.


 He wanted to use his methods to defend himself, but he could not move at all.


 He quickly looked over at Wu Yuan Ju to seek help, but he was soon met with despair, as Wu Yuan Ju was also immobilized, in the same state as him.


 A small figure had appeared on Rong Hao’s shoulder.


 He was the size of a thumb, he had wings on his back, resembling dragonfly wings, his purple hair was very eye catching.


 It was none other than rank eight wisdom path Gu Immortal Purple Mountain True Monarch!


 “Miniman Gu Immortal?” Wu Yuan Ju was shocked, but he quickly calmed down, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s aura was concealed, he did not expose his rank eight aura.


 Rong Hao quickly added: “As a variant human, you must know that humans are the rulers of the world. No matter who instigated you, I hope that you will not act rashly. Because we are not only human Gu Immortals, we are also members of Wu clan. Wu clan is the number one righteous path force in Southern Border, if you kill us, the consequences will be severe.”


 “We have no grudges between us. We of Wu clan would not bully people, if you have any requests, we can help you with them, we can become friends.” Wu Yuan Ju continued.


 He had great chemistry with Rong Hao, both threatening and urging at the same time.


 But before he finished his words, he started to stutter as his gaze turned hollow.


 Rong Hao was shocked, he blurted out: “Wisdom path Gu Immortal?!”


 At this point, he also became incoherent.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path methods interfered with Wu Yuan Ju’s and Rong Hao’s thoughts, they could not even think and speak now, they were completely defenseless.


 When Gu Immortals manipulate Gu worms, thoughts were needed, their body actions also needed thoughts to act.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch directly interfered with their thoughts, controlling them from this aspect, these two rank six Gu Immortals had no way of resisting him.


 Easily controlling the situation, Purple Mountain True Monarch looked at the blood tide pit and smiled.


 Next, his rank eight aura burst out, in the blink of an eye, it engulfed the surroundings.


 The blood tide below his feet became calmer.


 After some time, Purple Mountain True Monarch opened his mouth, letting out a breath.


 His breath floated into the blood tide pit, it was not eye catching, quickly devoured by the rushing blood tide, vanishing.


 At this point, Purple Mountain True Monarch turned around, looking afar and saying: “Your turn.”


 Light in seven colors appeared as a voice said in a trembling tone: “You are a rank eight great expert! With your strength, you can move unhindered in Southern Border, why must you find trouble with a minor character like me?”


 “I have my own plans. You have to pay for what you owe. When you inherited Seven Illusions true inheritance, you should have expected this day.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said.


 “But the inheritors before me have never received any orders. Why me?” The mysterious Gu Immortal covered in rainbow lights said in a reluctant tone.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch sighed, looking at Heavenly Court: “Maybe this is your fate. Alright, use Qiao Zhi Cai’s method to kill this person.”


 Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao were still dazed, unable to move.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch captured these two alive, but he still wanted the mysterious Gu Immortal to kill them.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal did not dare to disobey Purple Mountain True Monarch, he used his profound light, as it transformed and landed on these two Wu clan Gu Immortals, destroying their souls, and even their bodies turning into wooden statues.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch released control on them, as these two statues fell into the blood tide.


 “Let’s go.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said plainly.


 How could the mysterious Gu Immortal defy Purple Mountain True Monarch? Even if he was not a rank eight great expert, with just the information path alliance agreement in the true inheritance, it could restrict the mysterious Gu Immortal.


 Both of them left as quickly as they came.


 Of course, Purple Mountain True Monarch did not forget to clean up his traces in the battlefield.


 A moment later, intense winds blew in the air, countless clouds were scattered, clear skies could be seen everywhere.


 A grand and vast rank eight aura enveloped the area.


 Wu Yong’s expression was of rage, his eyes were slightly red as he descended.


 Who was it?


 Who had killed them?!


 Wu Yi Ran died earlier, and now, Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao were dead. Because of life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, Wu clan received news almost immediately.


 Wu Yong was enraged, he decided to go out himself.


 Wu clan lost three Gu Immortals at once, one rank seven and two rank sixes, the losses was tremendous, Wu Yong felt both loss and anger.


 He wants to see who it was that could step past this bottom line and anger Wu clan!


 But next, after seeing Wu Yuan Ju’s and Rong Hao’s corpses, Wu Yong was stunned.


 “Wooden statue murder?” His pupils shrunk to pin size: “Qiao Zhi Cai?”


 A moment later, Qiao clan Gu Immortal Qiao Zhi Cai rushed to the scene.


 Blood tide pit had been suppressed, the ground was completely covered in blood, and there were also two Wu clan Gu Immortal corpses.


 “Qiao clan first supreme elder, what do you have to say?” Wu Yong had a calm expression, his tone was very plain.


 But the calmer he was, the more fearful Qiao Zhi Cai was.


 He was Qiao clan’s first supreme elder, his signature immortal killer move was wooden statue murder, if any ordinary Gu Immortal was hit by this, their souls would crumble and disperse, they would lose their life, their bodies would turn into wood, and the remaining life force could be used to grow trees.


 Ignoring the cold sweat on his forehead, Qiao Zhi Cai explained: “Lord Wu Yong, please listen, I did not do this, someone is trying to frame me. Qiao clan and Wu clan have a long relationship, we are closely related...”


 Before Qiao Zhi Cai finished his words, Wu Yong interrupted him.


 His eyes were shining, he stared at Qiao Zhi Cai: “Of course I am willing to trust you. Qiao clan and Wu clan, we have marriage connections, we are in an alliance, how can our relationship be ruined by this?”


 Qiao Zhi Cai let out a breath of air, bowing deeply: “Lord Wu Yong is wise!”


 Wu Yong continued: “If someone is trying to frame you, this is way too obvious. Who is it? What motives do they have? What plans do they have next? This is what I am concerned about. Wait a while, I have already invited Tie clan Gu Immortal Tie Mian Shen!”



***
Chapter 1340 - Ghost Summoning, Tie Mian Shen


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Tie clan, Wan Cheng Mountain.


 Rumble...


 A chain of low sounds enveloped this unassuming valley.


 At the bottom of this valley, there was a girl.


 She had a tall body, her legs were more than sixty percent of her total height, she looked heroic and agile. Right now, her eyebrows were sharp like swords, her eyes were shining like stars, she looked upwards.


 Giant rocks that were the size of houses were crashing down towards her by the cliff.


 The girl breathed in deeply, at this moment of life and death, she shut her eyes.


 Hundreds of giant rocks were about to land on her, but at this moment, she opened her eyes.


 In an instant, golden light radiated, it was extremely dazzling, as if a miniature sun had appeared in the valley!


 The light lasted for a while before vanishing.


 The loud sounds also vanished, endless white powder scattered down, slowly descending.


 The young woman was bathed in the rock powder, joy showing on her determined face.


 “Good, Tie Ruo Nan, you succeeded in this killer move I taught, passing the final test. From now onwards, you will follow me and cultivate, I will teach you the ways of becoming an immortal.” A grand voice echoed in this valley.


 The young girl knelt on the ground: “Thank you for the guidance, lord supreme elder!”


 “You hate evil so much and have great talent, you are suited for my Iron Mask true inheritance. Originally, your father was one of my chosen seeds, but to think that his daughter had countless times his talent... hmm?” The grand voice suddenly stopped.


 But soon, Tie Ruo Nan heard: “There is a sudden issue, stay here and cultivate. The killer move I taught you might have succeeded, but you are not proficient enough. During this period, you need to practise more, when I return, we will have further plans.”


 “Yes.” The girl respectfully bowed, excitement could not be concealed on her face.


 “Finally, I finally did it. Father, I surpassed you. Watch me in heaven, I will become a Gu Immortal and obtain true strength.”


 “This world is too dark and chaotic, only with greater strength can I punish evildoers and reward those who carry out good deeds, justice will prevail and the world will be a better place!”


 ...


 “Zhang Li, you bitch who murdered your own husband, to think that my brother treated you so well, and in the end, you actually acted so ruthlessly and killed him. Today, I will cut you into pieces, you will die without a proper corpse!” A young Gu Immortal shouted, his rage was unstoppable, his rank seven aura was bursting.


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 Ever since he passed the dream realm regarding Zuo Ye Hui, his dark path attainment level had risen to grandmaster level. But next, there was an absurd dream realm.


 Fang Yuan played safe and did not explore this dream realm full of uncertainties.


 After waiting for a while, he finally encountered a realistic dream realm.


 But in the end, he became a female Gu Immortal in this dream realm, and was very... risque.


 Because this female immortal cultivated enchantment emotion path.


 This was a tiny path, derived from wisdom path as a minor path. It used emotions to fight, and enchantment to allure enemies.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was a female immortal, he wore a pink dress, there were two huge treasures on his upper body, the corners of his skirt were open and exposed until his upper thigh. When he smiled, it was incredibly seductive.


 Fang Yuan was helpless about this.


 This was another person’s dream realm, he had to be a character in it if he wanted to take part in the dream.


 Of course, becoming a woman would not disrupt Fang Yuan’s impassive mental state.


 He was vigilant against his enemy as he concentrated on his immortal aperture.


 What made Fang Yuan glad was that this female immortal had many Immortal Gu.


 “I’ll try this Gu first.” Fang Yuan instilled immortal essence as he heard an alluring cry from it.


 This voice that appeared was not controlled by Fang Yuan, it was a woman’s voice filled with seduction and temptation.


 The young Gu Immortal was very angry earlier, but after hearing this sound, his body went limp, his killing intent faded.


 His momentum was lost as he gritted his teeth, clarity returning to his eyes: “Vicious woman, you dare to toy with me! Take this move!!”


 Saying this, he pushed with his hands as a huge tornado swept towards Fang Yuan with countless wind blades.


 Fang Yuan quickly retreated, dodging as he used his second Immortal Gu.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan’s skirt turned into a pink fog as it coiled around him, bringing Fang Yuan away quickly.


 The speed was impressive, Fang Yuan sighed, it was not inferior to sword escape Immortal Gu, the only regretful part was, the farther he flew, the thinner the pink fog on his body, it was able to cover his entire body earlier, but now, his tender white thighs and arms were exposed already.


 Fang Yuan was not afraid of running naked, this mindset of being embarrassed was no longer in him, moreover, this was a dream.


 The regretful thing was, this Immortal Gu could not be used for long, otherwise, with just this speed, his enemy was not a problem.


 “Slut, you ran quickly. But you will die today, in order to kill you and avenge my brother, I will do anything and pay any price!”


 The young Gu Immortal shouted loudly with blood red eyes.


 At the same time, he used his immortal killer move.


 Jade green wind gathered into a small dagger in his palm.


 The dagger shone with jade light, Fang Yuan took a look at it and felt fearful.


 “Oh no!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 “Just these one or two Immortal Gu alone cannot stop the immortal killer move. But I do not know what immortal killer moves this Zhang Li possesses.”


 As he felt troubled, Fang Yuan quickly used unravel dream.


 Suddenly, a mysterious power moved in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture. An Immortal Gu and dozens of mortal Gu were activated under this mysterious power.


 “This is?” Fang Yuan sensed this and felt great joy.


 He quickly continued to use unravel dream, under its influence, the mysterious power continued to exert its strength, many Gu worms in his immortal aperture were used.


 Next, a completely unknown immortal killer move was activated.


 Fang Yuan did not know what this immortal killer move did, or what effect it had.


 There was no time to lose, right now, the young Gu Immortal had already blown at his hand with his lips. That jade wind dagger shot out like an arrow, flying towards Fang Yuan, fast and ruthless!


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself, at this moment, it was all up to chance.


 Would unravel dream use an effective immortal killer move to defend against this jade wind dagger, Fang Yuan had no idea.


 But under the effect of this killer move, Fang Yuan could not help but pinch his fingers, waving at this young Gu Immortal as he whispered bewitchingly: “Ghost summoning!”


 This voice was enchanting to the limit, even Fang Yuan shuddered upon hearing it.


 Next, a ghost really came.


 This Gu Immortal soul had rank seven battle strength, it flew towards the jade wind dagger relentlessly.


 That young Gu Immortal saw the ghost and his expression changed, he shouted: “Brother!!”


 It turned out that this female immortal, Zhang Li, had killed her husband and refined his soul into an immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan saw this and had a flash of inspiration, he called out: “As long as I stop this killer move, your brother’s soul can be saved, destroy it if you dare!”


 The young Gu Immortal was enraged, but he was afraid of harming his brother, he could not fight properly.


 Fang Yuan was intensely joyful, he quickly attacked and stabilized the situation.


 A moment later, he found a flaw and killed him.


 He passed the dream realm!


 “Huff.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, returning to reality.


 “This dream realm only had one scene.” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 This was a tiny dream realm.


 Fang Yuan passed it in one try, inspecting himself, he found that his attainment level for wisdom path and soul path had risen.


 “Enchantment emotion path had never left wisdom path, there are no enchantment emotion path dao marks in this world, only wisdom path dao marks. Thus, my wisdom path attainment level grew.”


 “As for soul path... perhaps that Zhang Li cultivated soul path too. Her ghost summoning immortal killer move belongs to soul path.”


 He analyzed and looked at his attainment level.


 Right now, he had eight grandmaster level paths, they were blood path, strength path, transformation path, star path, wisdom path, water path, dark path, and formation path.


 Refinement path was quasi-grandmaster, luck path was master, phantom path was empty. His sword path attainment level was ordinary, his soul path was also ordinary, but after Zhang Li’s dream realm, it had risen to quasi-master level.


 “That immortal killer move, ghost summoning, is quite interesting, even though I do not have enough soul path attainment level, my wisdom path is grandmaster. It was from a realistic dream realm, I very likely can use this same killer move again, with a portion of its strength. Even if I cannot replicate it, I can create a similar immortal killer move.”


 “But even if I replicate this immortal killer move, it is inferior to improving vajra shell.”


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would be happy if there was a possibility, they would try to deduce the immortal killer move.


 But Fang Yuan was different.


 Recently, his attainment level had risen a lot, he had countless inspirations, he could only choose to modify the immortal killer moves with the highest value to him.


 This was a good problem to have.


 His dark path attainment level was grandmaster, he could use dark limit Immortal Gu and perseverance Immortal Gu as the cores to create a new immortal killer move. This immortal killer move would allow him to conceal himself.


 His formation path attainment level rose, Fang Yuan had a new idea about vajra shell.


 This made him extremely moved. The original vajra shell used vajra thought Immortal Gu and perseverance Immortal Gu as the cores, but in his concept, if he could add in precaution Immortal Gu and some formation path mortal Gu, the power would rise by multiple times.


 After Zhang Li’s dream realm, the following ones were not suited for exploration.


 Fang Yuan started to shift his focus, modifying the immortal killer move vajra shell.


 Just as Fang Yuan rapidly increased his strength, Tie Mian Shen arrived in front of Qiao Zhi Cai and Wu Yong.


 This rank seven Gu Immortal wore a martial uniform, his chest and legs were covered in light armor, there was a thick iron mask on his face.


 He had not brought a mask to wear, it was the trait of cultivating the Iron Mask true inheritance.


 All the Gu Immortals who cultivate this true inheritance must have a heart of justice, they also were often people most skilled in Southern Border in investigating the truth.


 After seeing those two corpses, Tie Mian Shen declared: “It was not Qiao Zhi Cai.”


 Qiao Zhi Cai let out a breath of air.


 “Who was it?” Wu Yong asked.


 “Someone mimicked his immortal killer move wooden statue murder. This is something seen before in history.” Tie Mian Shen answered: “Lord Wu Yong, I wonder if you have heard of Seven Illusions Demon Immortal?”


 Wu Yong frowned: “You mean the inheritor of the Seven Illusions true inheritance? It is said that the Gu Immortal who inherits it will have a method to mimic almost any method used by Gu Immortals in this world, Tie Mian Shen, is that true?”


 Tie Mian Shen nodded: “Our clan’s Demon Suppression Tower had once contained a Seven Illusions Demon Immortal. We did not manage to get the contents of the Seven Illusions true inheritance, but we know a lot of its secrets. This Seven Illusions true inheritance has seven different layers. The inheritor can choose to inherit any of the layers or get the complete Seven Illusions true inheritance. But after inheriting one true inheritance, they will have to agree to one condition, in the future, they would need to do something for someone. Taking all seven layers would mean seven conditions.”


 “Our clan has already devised methods to locate a Seven Illusions inheritor, and differentiate their methods. I used it earlier, this was undoubtedly a Seven Illusions Demon Immortal.”


 “Interesting.” Wu Yong nodded, frowning deeply.


 Even if they knew the truth, so what?


 Who was the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal? Which force or person was behind them?


 Wu Yong still did not know the answer to this problem!


 But at the next moment, Tie Mian Shen’s words eased Wu Yong’s frown.



***
Chapter 1341 - Purple Blood River Traps Wu Yong


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I can locate the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal.” Tie Mian Shen’s words eased Wu Yong’s frown.


 As it turned out, after capturing one Seven Illusions Demon Immortal, Tie clan had started to make arrangements against the Seven Illusions true inheritance.


 Among the Southern Border super forces, Tie clan was the force that targeted the demonic path most fiercely. Especially after they built the Demon Suppression Tower, they were the pillar of the righteous path in pursuing demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Right now, Tie Mian Shen was using his immortal killer move to investigate the area for clues.


 “This way!” After finding the direction, Tie Mian Shen flew towards the east.


 Wu Yong and Qiao Zhi Cai looked at each other for a second before following after him.


 The clues were broken, but found again time after time, with the experienced Tie Mian Shen leading the way, the three immortals had great progress.


 But an hour later, they returned to the blood tide pit.


 Qiao Zhi Cai was shocked: “Why are we back here?”


 Tie Mian Shen smiled coldly: “The most dangerous place is the safest place...”


 Qiao Zhi Cai reacted as he praised: “Such guts.”


 Wu Yong looked around coldly, after a few breaths, his gaze was locked onto an area in the blood tide pit.


 Roar—!


 The peaceful lake suddenly raged with waves, countless blood beasts emerged from it.


 Large numbers of desolate level blood beasts, with a small number of ancient blood beasts, formed into an army as they charged at Wu Yong and the others fiercely.


 Blood beasts were a type of path beast.


 They did not reproduce normally, but were born from heaven and earth, created using natural blood path dao marks.


 Similar to blood beasts were snow monsters, mud monsters, cloud beasts, soul beasts, year beasts, and rock dragons.


 “Blood tide pit had such an incredible thing? A blood beast breeding ground?” Tie Mian Shen said softly as he looked at Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong expressed surprise on his face.


 Blood tide pit contained a true inheritance of Blood Sea Ancestor, it was obtained by mortal Gu Master Shang Yan Fei, and was later taken by Wu clan. Wu clan turned the blood tide pit into their possession, and explored it, but did not find anything special. It was only treated as a resource point after that.


 “So many blood beasts in ambush, no wonder the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal is hiding here.” Qiao Zhi Cai said.


 Blood beasts formed into an army and attacked, they had all sorts of forms, some had tiger heads and horse bodies, some had snake heads and rabbit bodies, some had tortoise shells and dragon tails, some were like trees, while some were giant fruits...


 The pungent smell of blood assaulted the nose as these blood beasts growled sinisterly.


 This force suddenly attacked, even super clans would be caught off guard.


 But Qiao Zhi Cai’s and Tie Mian Shen’s expressions were unchanged, they did not intend to retreat.


 Because at this moment, Wu Yong was standing in front of them.


 “A bunch of trash.” Wu Yong snorted, rage flickering in his eyes.


 He was very angry.


 Because during this period, he was staying in Wu clan, deploying members everywhere to deal with all sorts of situations, he was extremely repressed. And now, this Seven Illusions Demon Immortal had vile intentions, they actually caused the deaths of Wu clan’s Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao!


 Tiny traces of wind was gathering around him.


 The gentle green wind had unknowingly surrounded the growling blood beasts as well.


 The blood beasts were still rampaging, their speed did not fall at all.


 Just when they were about to reach the three immortals, blood beasts started to explode!


 The explosions were not loud, they were very gentle, like the bursting of bubbles.


 Blood beasts detonated one after another, even though they were close to the immortals, they were no threat, unable to deal any damage.


 The growling and attack was like a joke.


 Hundreds of rank six battle strength and dozens of rank seven battle strength beasts had disintegrated in front of Wu Yong, fragile like toys made of paper.


 This was the power of a rank eight!


 “What immortal killer move is this... the aura is completely concealed, I cannot detect anything!” Qiao Zhi Cai was full of shock.


 Tie Mian Shen had a solemn expression, staring at Wu Yong’s back.


 Wu Yong’s expression was dark, he stared at the blood tide below him.


 The blood beasts did not form out of nothing, the blood tide had dried out, the blood tide pit that was oozing with blood earlier was now drying up.


 Qiao Zhi Cai sighed, it was a pity. He could see that the dense blood path dao marks in blood tide pit had vanished. From now on, blood tide pit no longer existed, it was only an ordinary pit now.


 Wu Yong did not care.


 This pit, unfathomable to the eyes of normal people, was completely exposed to him.


 A rainbow colored figure appeared in Wu Yong’s investigative range.


 “You are the daring person who is trying to challenge Wu clan’s authority?” Wu Yong said calmly, but everyone could hear his killing intent and rage.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal in the pit smiled bitterly: “Lord Wu Yong, I had no choice, I was forced to. Now... I seek your understanding!”


 “Hmm?” Wu Yong’s expression changed.


 At the next moment, his environment changed abruptly!


 The blue sky and mountainous ground had vanished, the surroundings had turned into a color of purple.


 The three immortals could not sense their distances, their sense of space had been severely disrupted.


 Rumble...


 Tides could be heard, the blood beasts that were destroyed earlier turned into bloody water as they gathered into a river, flowing below the three immortals.


 The blood colored waves and ripples appeared, countless purple thoughts rained down and assaulted the immortals.


 “Damn it! These blood beasts were just the prelude and trap. So vicious!” Qiao Zhi Cai cursed.


 Tie Mian Shen looked around nervously: “What immortal battlefield killer move is this, is it a super Gu formation?”


 With his investigative abilities, he could not see through this place!


 Wu Yong was unhappy, he snorted coldly and waved his sleeves.


 Boom, intense winds blew as a giant tornado surrounded the range of one li, encircling the three immortals.


 Purple thoughts rained down furiously, landing on the ball of wind as they splattered, but could not break the defense.


 Wu Yong did not move, his expression was cold, he raised his right arm and flicked.


 A crisp sound echoed.


 A dark jade worm flew out of his finger tips.


 The small worm got out of the ball of wind and flew towards the blood river rapidly.


 While flying, it grew larger as its body expanded to ten feet, fifty feet, a hundred and fifty feet.


 After a few breaths of time, it turned into a vicious wind dragon that was two hundred and twenty feet long, it bared its fangs and claws, breaking the rain of purple thoughts, crashing into the blood river.


 The blood river gushed and formed a spiral, trying to devour the wind dragon like a giant beast.


 Wu Yong’s eyes flashed with a green light, the wind dragon roared and turned into countless jade wind blades, shooting everywhere.


 The blood river spiral was broken by the wind blades, but the wind blades continued to cut as the red blood river was split into two.


 Qiao Zhi Cai and Tie Mian Shen watched with wide opened eyes, they had shocked and chaotic emotions.


 Wu Yong’s every attack was an immortal killer move with outstanding power, far beyond rank seven. If they were his opponent, they would not last for a move.


 Wu Yong could actually use such a powerful immortal killer moves, it was like his instinct, it was as easy as breathing.


 “Every killer move of Lord Wu Yong had its aura concealed to the limit, he was truly hiding his strength.” Qiao Zhi Cai’s heart was still in a commotion.


 “This wind dragon killer move actually has a second style variation move, turning into countless wind blades... Wu Yong is definitely not as useless as the rumors say, he has such incredible battle strength... this person is hiding so deeply!” Tie Mian Shen’s eyes shone with brilliance.


 He looked at Wu Yong’s back, feeling glad that Tie clan and Wu clan were allies, they had not turned on each other.


 Wu Du Xiu and Wu Yong were mother and son, the former was like a fierce wind blowing on the top of a mountain, while the latter was a powerful tornado at the bottom of a valley. They acted differently and had opposite personalities, but they were equally powerful and domineering!


 However, even with Wu Yong’s fierce attacks, the surroundings did not change.


 The split river turned into two, expanding and forming two blood rivers, both were equally big as before.


 Qiao Zhi Cai’s expression changed, to be able to remain under the attack of a rank eight Gu Immortal and trap all three of them, what sort of method was this?


 His doubts did not last long, because a figure soon emerged from the blood river, speaking and giving them the answer.


 “This is my purple blood river formation. Wu Yong, if you do not use the two rank eight Immortal Gu that your mother left you, with just that rank eight gentle wind Gu, you cannot break this formation.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said.


 He was not in his miniman body, he was as large as a human now.


 When he spoke, his body rose up as an ‘island’ floated below his feet.


 Qiao Zhi Cai and Tie Mian Shen’s expressions changed, Wu Yong was also moved. This was because Purple Mountain True Monarch did not conceal his aura, he was undoubtedly a rank eight.


 “Who are you? What do you want?” Wu Yong called out.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch smiled, looking at Wu Yong with his clear purple eyes: “Of course, it is to kill you. Once you are dead, Wu clan will go into a commotion, other clans will attack it, it will break apart.”


 Wu Yong was stunned, he suddenly laughed as he raised his head.


 He was laughing from anger.


 After laughing, he lowered his head, a fierce light shooting out of his eyes: “Such guts, in that case, I will kill you and raise my prestige as a rank eight.”


 Saying this, a strong aura burst out of his body.


 Countless Gu worms were activated in his immortal aperture.


 Qiao Zhi Cai and Tie Mian Shen both retreated, they could feel unparalleled threat coming from Wu Yong’s body.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s smile faded.


 Wu Yong’s immortal killer moves earlier were undetectable, their auras were concealed completely. But now, the immortal killer move he was conjuring had incredible aura, it was like a raging storm.


 From this perspective, Wu Yong was using his full strength to fight!


 What immortal killer move was it that made Wu Yong unable to conceal the aura?


 No matter what killer move it was, once activated, an incredible power would be unleashed, the might would be unstoppable.


 How could this be allowed?


 At Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will, countless purple thoughts burst out like a storm, gushing out...


 Wu clan.


 Ancestral hall.


 “This, this! This!!” The Wu clan Gu Immortal guarding the ancestral hall had a change of expression as sweat rolled down his face, his expression was deathly pale.


 He shouted in shock: “Lord Wu Yong’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu were destroyed! Lord Wu Yong... is he dead?!”



***
Chapter 1342 - With Elder Brother Gone, Younger Brother Takes Over


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ancestral hall.


 The ancestral hall on top of Wu Yi Mountain was a mortal Gu House. Using a large number of rank five mortal Gu, even though it was inferior to Immortal Gu Houses, it was extremely significant to Wu clan.


 Essentially, every super force and normal force would have an ancestral hall. Inside, life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu would be used, or even blood rope Gu.


 The former two were common, while blood rope Gu was rare, because it was blood path.


 Even the small and big sects in Central Continent had buildings similar to the ancestral hall, storing life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu.


 At this moment, Wu Ba Chong was standing in the ancestral hall, looking at the Gu worm fragments blankly.


 After the life tablet Gu shattered, it would be like wood scraps, while soul lantern Gu would become a cracked ladybird, it would not be shining with a dark blue light anymore.


 Wu Ba Chong was old, but he had a muscular body resembling a bear, his hair was white and his nose was wide, he had thick brows and sharp eyes, he was a steady and responsible person.


 He was the second supreme elder of Wu clan, he had gone through many ordeals, resulting in his calm nature, but now, his forehead was full of sweat, his breathing was ragged, his gaze was chaotic and in a mess.


 “Lord Wu Yong died?!” Wu Ba Chong stared at the two mortal Gu fragments, he had already stood here for a while, but his mind was in a mess.


 “How could this happen? A great rank eight existence, the pillar of our Wu clan, he died like this?!” Wu Ba Chong did not dare to imagine this or believe it.


 “Did Lord Wu Yong die or not???” He kept asking himself.


 After all, life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu were mortal Gu, it was possible to interfere with them using some methods.


 But Wu Yong was uncontactable now, no matter how Wu clan tried to communicate with him, none got through, this was an undeniable fact!


 Regardless of whether or not Wu Yong was dead, his situation was definitely not good.


 “Being able to make a rank eight Gu Immortal end up in such a state, who is it?”


 “A rank eight existence among the demonic path and lone cultivators?”


 “Or is it the other super clans, are they collaborating to deal with our Wu clan?”


 Wu Ba Chong continued to guess.


 The more he thought, the more messy his mind was.


 Wu Du Xiu died, Wu Yong went missing, in this huge Wu clan, the number one super clan in Southern Border, there was actually no rank eight existence guarding it now.


 This was a severe situation, Wu clan was in a disastrous state, and the most fearful thing was, the perpetrator was still unknown!


 After his shocked emotions returned to normal, fear and loss filled Wu Ba Chong’s heart.


 Normally, there was Wu Du Xiu or Wu Yong suppressing the situation, he did not feel anything.


 But now that the two rank eight great experts were gone, Wu Ba Chong realized that his stable and firm shoulders could not bear the weight of Wu clan.


 During Wu Du Xiu’s era, he was the second supreme elder, after Wu Yong ascended to her role, he continued to assist him. In terms of seniority, he was among the oldest and most experienced Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


 However, it was pointless.


 He was only rank seven in cultivation level, his battle strength was not outstanding, if he fought against Old Treeman Ba De, he could not win. Even among Wu clan, there were many rank seven Gu Immortals who could fight him evenly.


 However, he was the first person to return among Wu clan’s higher-ups.


 Thus, he had the initiative.


 “What do I do?”


 “Even if Lord Wu Yong is not dead, he has gone missing and his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu have shattered, once news gets out, there would be a huge commotion, everyone’s hearts would waver.”


 “Should I hide the information?”


 Wu Ba Chong quickly shook his head.


 This shocking news had already been exposed to many Wu clan Gu Immortals by the Wu clan rank six Gu Immortal who was guarding the place.


 If Wu Yong was confirmed to be dead, the mastermind who attacked Wu clan would not give up this chance to target their morale.


 Thus, he could not seal this news even if he wanted to.


 “Is the matter at hand to find the missing Lord Wu Yong, or should we shrink our defensive lines and recall the supreme elders who are outside to guard our base?”


 Wu Ba Chong frowned.


 Both choices were dangerous.


 Searching for Wu Yong would definitely be dangerous, to be able to destroy Wu Yong’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu and have him disappear, the mastermind was definitely powerful. Sending rank seven Gu Immortals to find him was like sending sheep to a tiger.


 And if they retracted their defensive lines and called back the elders, it would be a huge political loss, many of their resource points would be lost. If the surrounding super forces tried to take over at this time, Wu clan would suffer immense losses.


 What should he do?


 Wu Ba Chong was hesitant, he was stuck between two tough options.


 After a long time, he licked his dry lips, he decided to put both options on hold, he was going to hold a meeting with the Wu clan Gu Immortals as the second supreme elder, they would execute the plan after coming to a consensus.


 Wu Yong was missing and uncontactable, a huge storm surrounding Wu clan was quietly forming.


 Southern Border, super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan sat on his bed, cultivating with his eyes closed, he was multitasking as he listened to Lady White Rabbit’s report.


 Lady White Rabbit had inherited the White Rabbit true inheritance.


 This true inheritance was quite famous in Southern Border, the inheritor had to be pure hearted. And when they cultivate in the future, they had to maintain the same pure heartedness. Otherwise, most of the true inheritance’s methods could not be used, using them forcefully would result in backlash.


 Precisely so, Lady White Rabbit was naturally trustworthy, she was a popular person among lone immortals and demonic cultivators.


 Wu An had noticed this initially, thus he convinced Lady White Rabbit to be the intermediary in hosting this immortal opportunity business.


 Once in a while, Lady White Rabbit would enter the super Gu formation and report the situation of the immortal opportunity business to Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not gain any benefits from the immortal opportunity business, he listened to the business situation as it could help him learn about the changes in the area surrounding the giant dream realm.


 Lady White Rabbit spoke softly, her voice was like smooth water, she reported with a gentle gaze on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan was in Wu Yi Hai’s appearance now, his face was handsome, his nose was tall and wide, his manly heroic aura was completely displayed.


 Lady White Rabbit had fallen for him already, she purposely spoke slowly, treasuring this precious time she could spend with Fang Yuan alone.


 Unfortunately, each time Fang Yuan met with her, he spoke only twice, the first sentence was to ask Lady White Rabbit to sit as she gave her report, and the second was for her to leave.


 But even so, Lady White Rabbit was very satisfied.


 She knew deeply that Wu Yi Hai had a high status, she felt like she was a lowly person and could not match Fang Yuan. She was very happy to spend this time with him once in a while, she felt very blissful.


 Right at this time, Lady White Rabbit’s voice halted.


 Because she saw Fang Yuan’s expression change.


 This situation was very rare, Lady White Rabbit’s heart clenched, what happened to Wu Yi Hai? Did he encounter any problems?


 Fang Yuan gradually shut his eyes, willing as he opened the hall.


 “Yi Hai, at this point in time, you still have the mood to relax and spend time with a woman?” A female immortal barged into the hall.


 Lady White Rabbit turned around and looked, this was a young woman wearing green clothing with wavy sleeves. her skin was smooth like snow, her body was curvy and she resembled a delicate willow.


 She had an extremely beautiful face, especially her attractive eyes, concealed by her long eyelashes, they seemed clear as water.


 “She is Qiao clan’s Qiao Si Liu!” Lady White Rabbit recognized this person as she flustered, lowering her gaze in panic.


 She knew this person’s relationship with Fang Yuan.


 Some time ago, there were rumors about Fang Yuan and Qiao Si Liu circulating around.


 “Fairy Si Liu is so beautiful, as expected of one of the top three fairies in Southern Border.”


 “Only someone like this can be with Lord Wu Yi Hai.”


 Lady White Rabbit thought this, as she felt pain in her heart nurturing and fermenting.


 Qiao Si Liu took a look at Lady White Rabbit who was lowering her head, she seemed to be nonchalant but she was actually very attentive.


 Qiao Si Liu was trying to seduce Wu Yi Hai into becoming Qiao clan’s son-in-law, Qiao Si Liu had to look at all of Fang Yuan’s information.


 And in Fang Yuan’s information, Lady White Rabbit was present.


 This was the first time Qiao Si Liu was meeting Lady White Rabbit.


 She saw that Lady White Rabbit had a delicate body, her eyes were like rubies, she had fluffy rabbit ears that were drooping, her eyes were looking down, it was cute and endearing. Even though under close examination, her appearance was slightly inferior to Qiao Si Liu, men loved these tiny pitiful creatures that were full of cuteness.


 “But now is not the time to deal with her.” Qiao Si Liu snorted internally, passing White Rabbit as she went up to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had opened his eyes, standing up from his bed as he smiled towards Qiao Si Liu: “Fairy, this sudden visit is truly joyful.”


 Lady White Rabbit looked at Fang Yuan in a daze, thinking: “Wu Yi Hai is smiling again, I have not seen him smile for a long time. He looks like the sun shining in spring when he smiles, if only he could smile at me!”


 Qiao Si Liu looked at Fang Yuan, disregarding pleasantries: “It seems you really do not know! Sigh... my next words will only be shocking, there is no joy.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed: “What happened?”


 Qiao Si Liu did not answer him, she turned around and said to Lady White Rabbit: “Little lady, please leave first, I need to talk to your lord.”


 “What?” Lady White Rabbit was dazed.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: “White Rabbit, please.”


 Lady White Rabbit did not dare to defy Fang Yuan, she acknowledged as she left the hall.


 As the doors closed, Qiao Si Liu said: “Wu Yong is missing, his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu are destroyed, news has not spread in Southern Border yet, but Wu clan is in chaos now.”


 “What?!” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


 This was simply too shocking.


 With the destruction of his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, Wu Yong was likely to have died.


 He was the pillar of Wu clan, if he died, would Wu clan be able to defend its territories?


 Qiao Si Liu continued: “Yi Hai, I am here to lend you a hand. You are Wu Yong’s brother, the person closest to him in bloodline, and you have sufficient cultivation level. With Wu Yong gone, you have to take over as first supreme elder! From today onwards, you will hold the authority of Wu clan.”



***
Chapter 1343 - Gaining Authority Without Even Moving


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Taking over Wu clan?


 Qiao Si Liu’s words made Fang Yuan moved.


 How could he not be moved?


 After all, Wu clan was a super force, and it was not an ordinary super force, it was already very powerful, having the number one position for years after years in Southern Border’s history.


 Wu clan had a huge territory with all sorts of resource points, it had a deep foundation and an incredible rich treasury. If he could control this super force, becoming the person with the highest authority, Fang Yuan’s future cultivation resources would be unrestricted!


 Right now, Fang Yuan had a lot of assets.


 The trading of Dang Hun Mountain’s guts Gu, dragonfish, regretful spiders, eerie fire dragon pythons, star fragment grass, star dart Gu, star river Gu, stellar fire Gu, falling meteor Gu, as well as the spirit snake trade which had started recently.


 It was not an exaggeration to say that Fang Yuan was raking in gold every day.


 If the rest of the resources in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture were included, he had an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal’s foundation. If he also included Lang Ya blessed land’s wisdom Gu, and Dang Hun Mountain located inside it, and City Well in the turbulent flow sea area, Fang Yuan had surpassed ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals!


 But he paled in comparison if he placed his resources against those of a super force.


 Any super force had an incredibly deep foundation, even if they currently did not have a rank eight great expert, they had them in history. In addition to the resource points that the super forces controlled in the five regions, Fang Yuan’s assets were truly inferior in comparison.


 For example, Wu clan’s blood tide pit produced more profits than Fang Yuan’s dragonfish transactions.


 Wu clan had twenty to thirty resource points similar to blood tide pit.


 And resource points inferior to blood tide pit, like Northern Plains’ Liu tribe’s bone burial field or jade light pit, were countless.


 There were also about ten top tier resource points better than blood tide pit.


 And don’t forget, the resources in the immortal apertures of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals, and also the blessed lands and grotto-heavens of Wu clan’s predecessors.


 Of course, super forces had lots of earnings and also spending. Wu clan was currently in a state of having more assets than manpower, they were barely able to defend these resources when Wu Yong was around. But with him gone, they were sure to have losses, they had to give up some.


 But even so, if Fang Yuan could control Wu clan, his gains would be immense, far beyond him working alone.


 Fang Yuan quickly calmed down.


 He took a look at Qiao Si Liu, immediately realizing her intention.


 Like what Qiao Si Liu said, with Wu Yong gone, the role of Wu Yi Hai, whom Fang Yuan was acting as, was the best choice of becoming Wu clan’s first supreme elder.


 This was an unbelievably rare chance!


 Fang Yuan did not doubt that Qiao Si Liu was speaking the truth, because it was too easy to verify.


 Qiao Si Liu was here in a rush, she showed her sincerity.


 Fang Yuan frowned and smiled bitterly: “Such a huge thing happened! I had no idea.”


 “The urgent matter at hand is to get back to Wu clan. Wu Ba Chong has already gathered the supreme elders, many Gu Immortals have already returned, even if they did not return, their wills are present. But they purposely left you out, I wonder what their intentions were.” Qiao Si Liu said anxiously.


 Using Wu Yi Hai was the best chance that Qiao clan had in interfering with Wu clan.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply: “Sigh! I have only been in Wu clan for a short time, I have no foundation or network. It is too difficult to take over and become the first supreme elder. They purposely left me out, it shows that my chances are way too slim.”


 “No, you have a big chance. Yi Hai, don’t forget that you have me, Qiao clan is backing you up!” Qiao Si Liu looked at Fang Yuan with deep emotions.


 Fang Yuan blinked: “How will Qiao clan help me? What will Lord Qiao Zhi Cai do?”


 Qiao Si Liu’s expression froze, she hesitated for a while, but she did not dare to hide it from Fang Yuan, she said the truth: “Our first supreme elder went with Lord Wu Yong, he has vanished as well, his life tablet Gu broke and we cannot contact him. Other than them, Tie clan’s Tie Mian Shen also went missing. They were investigating the deaths of Wu Yuan Ju and Rong Hao, but now we do not know if they are alive or not.”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk: “What is going on?”


 Qiao Si Liu smiled bitterly: “Trust me, this is all I know.”


 Fang Yuan showed hesitation: “Such a shocking event, we cannot hide it from the world for long. Who was it? Without Lord Qiao Zhi Cai, how will Qiao clan help me?”


 “Don’t worry about that, Qiao clan has already come to a consensus, I am the chosen representative.” Qiao Si Liu said.


 Fang Yuan was slightly shocked.


 Qiao clan was the weakest among Southern Border’s super forces. Despite that, they were united, even with Qiao Zhi Cai missing, they still carried out their plans accordingly, as expected, any super force had its extraordinary aspect.


 But Fang Yuan did not want to go.


 He sensed that there were undercurrents brewing a huge vortex, the mastermind was a powerful force!


 Even if he took over as Wu clan’s first supreme elder, so what?


 No resources could match his gains in exploring dream realms.


 Fang Yuan did not need more resources, he needed attainment level from the dream realms.


 The latter was the truly precious fortuitous encounter!


 Even if he became Wu clan’s most authoritative figure, which was alluring and beneficial to him, Fang Yuan knew that there were countless choices in life, if one wanted to progress further, they could not be blinded by profits, they needed to be clear about what were the most important things!


 “Once I become first supreme elder, I would need to return to the clan and hold the fort, back at Wu Yi Mountain. How can I leave the giant dream realm? I had put in so much effort to come here.”


 “But rejecting Qiao Si Liu is not wise. If I anger Qiao clan and ruin our relationship, I will gain nothing.”


 “But the most important thing is, in the eyes of everyone, if I stay here and do not return to gain control of the clan, it would be very strange and suspicious. After all, I also displayed a level of political ambition earlier.”


 Fang Yuan thought as he paced around the hall.


 Qiao Si Liu was stomping her feet in anxiety: “Yi Hai, why are you hesitating?”


 “This is too shocking, I need some time to think.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.


 “There is no time, we need to leave now, you can think along the way.” Qiao Si Liu said.


 “No, this is not as simple as you think!” Fang Yuan shook his head, having a grim expression: “Do you know? You have already fallen for their trap.”


 Qiao Si Liu was stunned: “What?”


 Fang Yuan said: “If we return openly like this, what would Wu clan’s supreme elders think? They are not stupid, if I, Wu Yi Hai, goes back with Qiao clan and take over as first supreme elder, leaving my brother in the lurch and instead, bringing in outsiders to fight for benefits in the clan, the entire clan will be torn apart, without sufficient strength and reputation, how can I take over as first supreme elder?”


 Qiao Si Liu blinked, thinking: Wu Yi Hai’s words made sense.


 “Then do we stay here while Wu Ba Chong controls the situation and takes over as first supreme elder?” Qiao Si Liu retorted.


 Fang Yuan thought that this Qiao Si Liu was not easy to get rid of, but he smiled: “We can wait, there is no rush.”


 “No rush?” Qiao Si Liu stared with wide eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s smile deepened, he looked at Qiao Si Liu with a sharp gaze: “I believe that even if I do not return, Wu Ba Chong cannot control the situation, am I wrong?”


 Qiao Si Liu was stunned again.


 Wu clan, discussion hall.


 Boom!


 Wu Ba Chong slammed the table, dust flew upwards from the damage.


 He shouted: “Wu Qiao 1 , what do you mean?! No matter what suggestions I bring up, you object, are you trying to find trouble with me?”


 Wu Qiao smiled coldly, standing in the middle of the hall as he looked at Wu Ba Chong: “Second supreme elder, you are too hasty. We do not know if Lord Wu Yong is dead or alive, just the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu cannot determine it. Look at you, you are sitting in his seat already, I was warning you earlier out of kindness, you should sit in your own seat.”


 “Supreme elder Wu Qiao, Wu clan is in grave danger now, we should discuss the important matters and not bother with these small details.”


 “I feel that there is no issue with Lord Wu Ba Chong leading the discussion, he is the second supreme elder after all. And now, Wu clan needs a leader!”


 “Do you think we do not know what intentions you have, Wu Qiao? I just want to remind you, you are a Wu clansman, not a Qiao clansman.”


 In the hall, some Gu Immortals spoke, helping Wu Ba Chong target Wu Qiao.


 Wu Qiao sneered: “In terms of bloodline, the most qualified person to become first supreme elder is Lord Wu Yi Hai! Should the second supreme elder take over the position? Are we in a Central Continent sect?”


 There was silence.


 “That makes sense.”


 “As clans, we emphasize on bloodline.”


 “Why did Wu Yi Hai not come? Wu Ba Chong, did you inform him?”


 Some Gu Immortals spoke out, most of them were defending their territories, only their wills were participating in this.


 Wu Ba Chong observed their expressions, even though he showed anger on his face, he was calm as ice in his heart.


 “I did not succeed.” He sighed internally.


 On the surface, he stood up, patting his forehead as he sighed: “I was rash, I was too worried about the clan. You are right, Lord Wu Yi Hai should be leading us, I will welcome his return! I am willing to listen to him.”


 “Huh?”


 Once he said that, the Gu Immortals were shocked.


 Wu Qiao was also evidently surprised.


 What was this Wu Ba Chong planning?


 The contents of Wu clan’s discussions soon got to Fang Yuan.


 Qiao Si Liu showed joy as she looked at Fang Yuan: “Great, even though we did not return, we can still take over Wu clan.”


 Fang Yuan had a grim expression, the situation was progressing at an unpleasant rate.


 Wu Qiao’s actions were understandable. After all, this former Wu clan third supreme elder was already bribed by Qiao clan.


 But Wu Ba Chong’s action of taking a step back was truly brilliant, Fang Yuan was quite impressed.


 “The situation is not good.” Fang Yuan shook his head and sighed.



***
Chapter 1344 - Troubled Thoughts, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Building


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What is it?” Qiao Si Liu did not understand.


 Fang Yuan did not answer her, he paced around, using wisdom path methods as he fell into deep thought.


 The situation was very complex now, the mastermind was hidden, while Wu Yong was missing, everything was shrouded in mystery. But Fang Yuan had no choice but to decide his course of action now.


 He had no choice.


 Fang Yuan could deeply feel how helpless he was in this situation.


 Wu clan’s Gu Immortals, Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals, as well as Southern Border’s situation and the mastermind, they all forced him to leave the super Gu formation.


 This was the helplessness of the righteous path.


 Fang Yuan was faced with a difficult test.


 He did not want to be a chess piece of Qiao clan and Wu clan, he wanted to keep his benefits amidst this complex situation.


 What to do?


 Fang Yuan had already guessed Wu Ba Chong’s intention and desire.


 “Maybe I can make use of this?” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan decided to make use of it.


 He stopped walking around, he faced Qiao Si Liu: “Since they want me to lead the clan, I will give my orders.”


 “Yi Hai, this is the demeanor of a heroic man!” Qiao Si Liu’s eyes shone, she praised.


 Fang Yuan continued: “With the mastermind hidden, we need to play safe now. I will order Wu clan’s Gu Immortals to give up on the faraway resource points and return to Wu Yi Mountain, we will activate our Immortal Gu Houses to defend against the unknown.”


 Qiao Si Liu was very satisfied with Fang Yuan’s action.


 Fang Yuan informed her of his thoughts regarding Wu clan’s internal affairs, he did not treat her as an outsider.


 Qiao Si Liu was joyful, she said: “This is the best method to play safe. But it is a severe loss, by giving up the defense of so many resource points, the surrounding super forces will take over them.”


 “We have no choice, Wu clan’s strength is too dispersed, with this uncertain situation, we can only regroup and defend against future challenges.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 “That makes sense too, let’s go, we should return to Wu Yi Mountain.” Qiao Si Liu approved of Fang Yuan’s idea, she said.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “No, we are not leaving.”


 “This will be too dangerous.”


 “Even my brother was ambushed, we are just rank seven, wouldn’t that mastermind easily deal with us?”


 “If this mastermind wants to deal with Wu clan, their next target is me. How can I leave now? The route back to Wu clan is too dangerous!”


 Fang Yuan’s excuse was very reasonable.


 Qiao Si Liu’s expression turned grim, nodding: “That is true! We need to be safer, it will be best if we can be escorted by an Immortal Gu House.”


 After spending so much effort, he finally convinced Qiao Si Liu, Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief.


 But he was still frowning.


 He had finally managed to stay in the super Gu formation, but now, how long could it continue?


 Wu Yong’s survival was uncertain, this situation made even Fang Yuan, who knew about certain future events, feel helpless.


 Inside the purple blood river formation.


 There were over a dozen blood rivers now.


 In this dim place, countless purple thoughts were pouring out unceasingly.


 Tie Mian Shen shouted loudly, iron sand that resembled fog was surrounding him, forming a huge veil that defended him.


 But the purple thoughts turned from solid to phantom, entering the iron sand veil towards Tie Mian Shen unobstructed.


 “Damn it!” Tie Mian Shen gritted his teeth, he had no options against such a phantom path method.


 But at the moment of crisis, a clear wind blew.


 The purple thoughts that had turned into phantom burst like bubbles.


 “So close...” Tie Mian Shen looked around, giving Wu Yong a look of gratitude.


 Purple thoughts formed into a storm around Wu Yong, there were countless blood beasts mixed among them.


 But even in this intense battle, Wu Yong was uninjured, he still had the spare energy to take care of Tie Mian Shen and Qiao Zhi Cai, who were far away in the battlefield.


 “This purple blood river formation has phantom path effects, if we do not get rid of the ruin bat corpses, these phantom path effects will not end!” Qiao Zhi Cai shouted.


 He needed to shout.


 Because voice transmissions would not work here.


 Wisdom path methods like communicating with thoughts were also unusable.


 Tie Mian Shen had a cold gaze, sharp as a dagger, he looked around and saw that there were thirty to forty ruin bat corpses, most were desolate level, but there were some ancient ruin bats and even an immemorial ruin bat, defended by two blood rivers.


 In fact, at this point, Tie Mian Shen could understand some things already.


 These ruin bat corpses were rapidly melted in the blood river. Especially when the purple thoughts turned from solid to phantom, these ruin bat corpses were being consumed at a rapid rate.


 But so what if he knew about the importance of the ruin bat corpses?


 Not long after they fought, that rank eight Gu Immortal (Purple Mountain True Monarch) had vanished.


 Wu Yong was greatly restricted now, he was defending against Purple Mountain True Monarch’s sneak attack.


 “It is unwise to get Lord Wu Yong to destroy the ruin bat corpses, that purple haired rank eight will use it to his advantage.”


 “In this situation, Qiao Zhi Cai and I need to work together to clear the ruin bat corpses.”


 “If that purple haired enemy attacks, Lord Wu Yong would be able to block him and save our lives...”


 But what if he could not?


 Or rather, even if he could save their lives, if he had to give up a chance to destroy the Gu formation, what would Wu Yong do?


 Tie Mian Shen was hesitant, because trust between the three was lacking.


 But at this time, a complex aura burst out from the very center of the battlefield.


 Great winds blew, Wu Yong’s sleeves were fluttering like the king of the wind. At this moment, his ordinary appearance had turned into one of grand boldness and authority.


 “Since you want to see the rank eight Immortal Gu that my mother left me, I will show you.” Wu Yong called out coldly.


 A vast number of purple thoughts were blown away, the blood rivers were in turbulence, several rivers were cut apart from this intense wind.


 Qiao Zhi Cai was shocked and joyful.


 Tie Mian Shen’s iron mask was also shaved off slightly from this commotion, he called out in surprise: “This is an... Immortal Gu House?!”


 Wu Yong had struck without warning, making a truly shocking move.


 He did not use any immortal killer moves, he took out an Immortal Gu House from his immortal aperture.


 This Immortal Gu House was not glorious or grand, it had the appearance of a bamboo building.


 This was a very commonly seen type of building in Southern Border, it existed in the other four regions as well, but it was only built on mountainous terrain.


 This bamboo building had two stories, made entirely out of bamboo, there were even bamboo leaves growing on the bamboos, drops of dew were dripping down from the leaves, green as jade.


 Wu Yong’s sleeves billowed, flying into the second story of the bamboo building.


 He sat by the window, flicking his finger as the bamboo building shook, more than ten drops of jade dew fell off the roof.


 At that moment, the jade dew shot out from the bamboo building at lightning speed.


 Everywhere they went, clear wind blew, sweeping everything. Be it the purple thoughts or blood red tides, they were all disintegrated by the wind.


 “So impressive!” Qiao Zhi Cai praised, the jade dew had flown over and resolved his crisis.


 “Wu clan had three Immortal Gu Houses initially, but now they have a fourth! And this Immortal Gu House has the aura of two rank eight wind path Immortal Gu... Wu Yong had truly hidden it very deeply.” Tie Mian Shen was deeply shook.


 The two Gu Immortals were saved one after another, they flew into the bamboo building, standing beside Wu Yong.


 “This is the Immortal Gu House that my mother constructed, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.” Wu Yong sat by the window, looking at the Gu formation outside as he explained clearly.


 “Amazing! With this building, we will not lose. It is only a matter of time until we escape.” Qiao Zhi Cai was overjoyed.


 If Wu Yong was using Wu Du Xiu’s two rank eight Immortal Gu to activate an immortal killer move, Qiao Zhi Cai would be very worried.


 Because activating immortal killer moves had a chance of failure. The stronger the killer move, the greater the backlash if he failed in activating it.


 But Wu Du Xiu had died, Wu Yong had only inherited these two rank eight Immortal Gu for a short amount of time.


 Especially when Wu Yong was the first supreme elder of Wu clan, he had high status, how much time did he have to practise his killer moves? This was a huge problem.


 But now, these two rank eight wind path Immortal Gu were used with other Gu worms to construct an Immortal Gu House!


 Everyone knew that Immortal Gu Houses had fixed abilities, but they were easy to use and would not normally have backlash.


 Tie Mian Shen’s emotions were much more complex, he thought: “Wu clan actually had a fourth Immortal Gu House, and it is a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it is far more powerful than the first three. Each Immortal Gu House will greatly raise a clan’s overall strength. With a rank eight Immortal Gu House, and some Gu Immortals, as long as they had enough immortal essence, Wu clan would basically have the equivalent of a second rank eight Gu Immortal. Wu Yong had truly concealed this deeply!”


 He could not help but assess Wu Yong again in a new light.


 Wu clan was not having an easy time recently, they were facing the threat of many forces around them. As the only rank eight Gu Immortal left in Wu clan, Wu Yong was busy sending out people to deal with problems, he was in an awkward state.


 But as long as he used this Immortal Gu House, all his problems would be resolved, Wu clan’s reputation would soar and they would become the number one force in Southern Border again without doubt, all of the other forces would stop having greedy thoughts.


 But Wu Yong did not.


 He had been using his own strength to deal with Wu clan’s problems. He hid this Immortal Gu House very deeply, even Wu clan’s Gu Immortals did not know of it.


 If he was not trapped inside this purple blood river formation, nobody would be able to find out that Wu Yong actually had a fourth Immortal Gu House, and it was a rank eight Immortal Gu House at that.


 “With just this, Wu Yong is definitely not inferior to his mother Wu Du Xiu! Thankfully, my Tie clan is at the northeast of Southern Border, while Wu clan is at the southwest, we are far apart. And earlier, my clan did not join in on making problems for Wu clan.” Tie Mian Shen let out a breath, feeling relieved.


 All of the super forces dominated an area, they had been in Southern Border for countless years.


 They understood each other very clearly, each of their strengths were balanced with the amount of territory they had, it was in a deadlock.


 But once Wu Du Xiu died, this balance was upset, thus, the other super clans worked together to find trouble with Wu clan.


 But the moment they displayed this Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, it would replace Wu Du Xiu and suppress Southern Border once again.


 Wu Yong’s simply had been scheming so deeply, he had been hiding it from view. One could easily tell, the moment he took out this Immortal Gu House, the other clans would suffer, they would be met with a great defeat!



***
Chapter 1345 - Worsening Situation, Fang Yuan Moves


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The morning sun rose into the sky, it was dawn, the air was still moist and damp.


 Two Hou clan Gu Immortals stood above the clouds, looking down at the canyon below them.


 Golden Cloud Canyon!


 This canyon was filled with mist. At night, the mist would obscure vision and had no special trait. but when the sun rises, and sunlight shines into the canyon, the mist would give out sharp golden light.


 These fragments of gold light were not glaring, the mist filled this golden canyon, making it grand and imposing.


 “This is Golden Cloud Canyon, it produces metal path and cloud path resources. Long ago, Wu clan had taken it away from us forcefully.” A Hou clan Gu Immortal sighed: “But now, it is time to take back our assets!”


 The other Hou clan Gu Immortal nodded, a faint light shining from his body.


 The light lasted for a few breaths of time, after it faded, his appearance had changed, he now resembled a famous expert in the demonic path.


 The Hou clan Gu Immortal beside him nodded, before rushing down towards Golden Cloud Canyon silently.


 Golden Cloud Canyon was originally defended by a Wu clan Gu Immortal, but because of Wu Yong’s disappearance, Fang Yuan had ordered everyone to return to Wu clan’s headquarters.


 This news could be concealed for a while, but it was eventually noticed by everyone.


 However, Hou clan was a righteous path force, they could not attack directly. There were righteous path rules, thus, Hou clan needed an excuse. Therefore, they said that they were pursuing a demonic path Gu Immortal and charged into Golden Cloud Canyon openly.


 Once they took down Golden Cloud Canyon and established that fact, it will not be easy for Wu clan to reclaim Golden Cloud Canyon.


 By then, Hou clan can come up with lots of excuses, like ‘we helped Wu clan defend Golden Cloud Canyon, we want some compensation’, it would be a problem for Wu clan.


 Coming up with excuses was the greatest ability of righteous path forces.


 Unless Wu clan had superior battle strength and forced Hou clan to back off.


 The demonic path expert that the Hou clan Gu Immortal transformed into flew towards the golden mist like a huge bird.


 Sensing his aura, the mist inside Golden Cloud Canyon changed, metallic sounds could be heard from it, causing vibrations in the eardrums.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 At the next moment, countless blades, spears, swords, halberds, in the form of golden phantoms, shot out endlessly.


 Even though the Wu clan Gu Immortal left, the resource point’s Gu formation was still around.


 At this moment, it was activated automatically, defending itself.


 The gaze of the Hou clan Gu Immortal was stern, he called out as a strong blade qi shot down, slicing sharply. Everywhere it went, space shattered, winds were moving rapidly.


 Evidently, Hou clan came prepared, he used blade qi Immortal Gu.


 Wu clan’s Gu formation was just a mortal Gu formation, how could it match a rank seven Gu Immortal? Not only did the countless golden phantoms shatter, even the Gu formation was completely destroyed from one attack.


 At once, the golden mist in the canyon was split in the middle, a large amount of the golden mist parted as the canyon’s true appearance was exposed.


 The two Gu Immortals from Hou clan had heated gazes.


 “Demonic path scoundrel, where are you going?” One of the Hou clan Gu Immortals shouted as he charged ahead.


 ...


 A purple waterfall descended like a mist, it was a hundred and eighty feet tall.


 Poisonous waterfall!


 On a mountain close to this waterfall, there was a mortal village that Wu clan specially arranged.


 “Die, die!” A large group of mortal Gu Masters charged into the mountain.


 Wu clan’s Gu Masters retreated, they were at their final line of defense.


 Wu clan’s leader, a rank four Gu Master, stood at the crossroad as he shouted at his enemies: “Your Yang clan is really despicable, you actually assaulted our Wu clan!”


 “Hmph! We have been putting up with you for a long time. You have been too overbearing in occupying this place. My father and mother just wanted a Gu worm to cure their poison, but they actually died in this mountain. Today, we will settle the score!” The leading Yang clan Gu Master was still quite young, he charged into the mountain with rage and hatred.


 “Damn it!” Wu clan’s Gu Masters were in a defensive location, but Yang clan came prepared, they had great numbers.


 Wu clan’s Gu Masters were bound to lose, they could only escape from a secret cave.


 Yang clan’s Gu Masters defeated Wu clan, they cheered in the rubble of the village.


 Above the clouds, the Yang clan Gu Immortals watching this expressed joy on their faces.


 This was the area where Yang clan and Wu clan bordered. Yang clan had been planning for a long time, sending a group of Yang clan mortals here, and allowed them to live here, causing conflict to occur between them and Wu clan.


 Because of this excuse, Yang clan could invade and occupy Wu clan’s territory openly now.


 With the righteous path’s rules, these were just mortal conflicts, unless Gu Immortal seeds were killed, there were no consequences.


 Poisonous waterfall was just an ordinary mortal resource point, it produced some mortal poison path Gu, it was not important to Gu Immortals.


 But once this opening was made, from now on, Yang clan only needed to move forward to reach their destination, the truly valuable — Corpse Mountain!


 ...


 Rumble!


 River water raged like thunder, resounding in the ears of a Yao clan Gu Immortal.


 He stood at the peak of Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, looking at the raging red river.


 Not far from here, two rivers were connected. Red dragon river and yellow dragon river, these two rivers merged together, forming a huge whirlpool that created great waves, it was extremely dangerous.


 Southern Border’s three rivers were not simple. Be it red dragon river, yellow dragon river, or jade dragon river, spirit springs would form in these rivers sometimes. And these spirit springs would be mixed in the river water, once they were washed away, the river water would be full of natural essence, allowing more Gu materials to be created.


 Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian!


 This was a very special mountain. During ancient times, a Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal had turned into a zombie and fought against the combined forces of many super clans.


 After the rank eight immortal zombie died, this place became a wasteland, it had no value.


 But to think that as time passed, gradually, on the mangled corpse of this rank eight immortal zombie, due to the nourishment of the natural essence from the river, along with the aquatic plants in the river that rooted themselves, this place turned into a corpse mountain.


 This corpse mountain was thousands of feet tall, there were large numbers of zombies living in it, and it produced transformation path zombie Gu, as well as qi path zombie qi Gu.


 Before the headquarters of Southern Border’s Zombie Alliance was exposed, they had targeted this precious area and wanted to pay a high price to buy it from Wu clan to make it their headquarters, but Wu clan rejected them.


 “Zombie Alliance did not get it, but now, this belongs to my Yao clan!” The Yao clan Gu Immortal was very excited.


 He looked afar, away from the river and towards the shore.


 That was Wu clan’s territory.


 After taking over this Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, Wu clan’s territory east of red dragon river and north of yellow dragon river would be completely lost.


 Yao clan took down Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, this was like a bridgehead, they could finally start going after Wu clan’s other territories.


 News that Wu Yong had died spread out of nowhere.


 After getting such news, several super forces colluded secretly, thus, they did not act alone this time.


 Yao clan, Yang clan, and Hou clan, they were just three of these clans.


 Wu clan’s headquarters were in chaos.


 “Damn it! These three clans are simply too daring!”


 “We lost three resources at once, especially Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, this is a huge loss. In the past, Wu clan from top to bottom spent such effort and a huge price to obtain it.”


 “Retaliate, we need to retaliate! We have our Immortal Gu Houses, what are we afraid of?”


 Wu clan’s Gu Immortals bellowed in anxiety, some were arguing endlessly, some raised their arms in objection, some were remaining silent.


 More than ten days had passed since Wu Yong went missing, it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.


 Wu clan had been trying to conceal this information, but like Wu Ba Chong had guessed, the mastermind had already spread news of it.


 Initially, the super clans did not believe it.


 Because Fang Yuan had already expected this situation, he gave out a lot of false information to mislead others.


 But his actions were not normal.


 Super forces were not stupid, after some observation and probing, they finally acted. The moment they did, Wu clan went into a difficult spot, they lost a lot of territory.


 In the discussion hall, because Wu Yong was missing, the main seat was empty. Wu Ba Chong, who was second supreme elder, sat by the side, he was silent, quietly observing the surrounding Gu Immortals’ expressions, even though he had a heavy heart, he felt a bit smug.


 Especially when he looked at Wu Qiao, his lips could not help but curl up.


 Because Wu Qiao was the Wu clan Gu Immortal in charge of guarding Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian. Once they lost that resource point, it was a huge loss to Wu Qiao.


 Wu Qiao was solemn and had a cold expression.


 Even though he sensed Wu Ba Chong’s provocative gaze, he pretended not to be aware, sitting like a statue.


 “Stop arguing, be quiet.” Wu Ba Chong said.


 This time, nobody rebuked him, the discussion hall quickly became silent.


 Wu Ba Chong was very pleased at this, under the immortals’ anxious gazes, he sighed: “Such a huge matter happened to Wu clan, but we still cannot make a decision, let’s ask Lord Wu Yi Hai to make his decision.”


 Wu Qiao frowned.


 The other Wu clan Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 Some were unhappy with Fang Yuan, grumbling: “Such a huge matter happened to our clan, but Lord Wu Yi Hai is still staying inside the super Gu formation.”


 “I heard that Fairy Si Liu went there more than ten days ago. I also heard that there is a Lady White Rabbit...” The Gu Immortal who said this had vile intentions.


 Wu Qiao frowned even deeper now, he wanted to speak up for Fang Yuan, but he was in a dangerous state himself, he hesitated and did not speak.


 Wu clan’s letter soon got to Fang Yuan.


 Such a thing had happened, Fang Yuan was not surprised, he expected it.


 “It seems that I cannot stay here anymore.” Fang Yuan looked at the dream realm, sighing deeply.


 These last days, he wanted to continue exploring dream realms.


 But his luck was bad, he kept getting those absurd dream realms, there was no way to explore it.



***
Chapter 1346 - Qiao Clan’s Trouble, Rabbit’s Deep Love


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Of course, over these last days, Fang Yuan was not doing nothing.


 The biggest batch of regretful spiders in his possession had been sold, Fang Yuan’s red date immortal essence storage was no longer lacking.


 As for vajra shell, Fang Yuan had completed its modification, he only needed to test it.


 Because his dark path attainment level had risen to grandmaster, he successfully created an immortal killer move, extended dark concealment. This move used rank six dark limit Immortal Gu and rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu as the cores, and several hundred mortal Gu to greatly lengthen the effect of dark limit Immortal Gu.


 At this time, Qiao Si Liu requested to meet him.


 At Fang Yuan’s will, the doors opened.


 Qiao Si Liu had a grim expression, worry could be seen on her face.


 She brought bad news with her.


 Other than Yao clan, Hou clan, and Yang clan taking over Wu clan’s territories, Ba clan and Xia clan had also moved at the same time, but against Qiao clan.


 Looking at Southern Border’s map, Ba clan and Xia clan were to the north of Qiao clan, they bordered Qiao clan.


 Qiao clan lost their wedding dress lake and empty origin pit, they were annexed by Ba clan and Xia clan respectively.


 After Qiao clan’s first supreme elder, Qiao Zhi Cai, went missing, Qiao clan also did the strategy of gathering their Gu Immortals and defending their base, in anticipation of the enemy.


 This made Ba clan’s and Xia clan’s actions very successful.


 Qiao clan lost a lot just now.


 Wedding dress lake and empty origin pit were resource points that were more valuable than blood tide pit.


 Qiao clan was the weakest righteous path super force. After losing two resource points, Qiao clan was furious and upset.


 Fang Yuan had also heard of these two resource points.


 There was a folklore about this wedding dress lake in Southern Border. According to legends, a fairy in heaven weaved clothing, making her own wedding dress, whoever received it would become the husband of this fairy.


 After the fairy made the wedding dress, she tossed it into this lake, and it was picked up by a fisherman who lived by the lake.


 The immortal and mortal loved each other, staying inside the lake, living happily ever after.


 This story was mostly fiction, but wedding dress lake had all sorts of clothing Gu. Like fire cloak Gu, water armor Gu, wood armor Gu, and so on.


 In its history of being in Qiao clan’s control, it had produced three wild Immortal Gu!


 As for empty origin pit, it was known by the mortals living in the mountains nearby as the final resting spot, it could communicate with the immortal realm.


 After the ignorant mortals died, their corpses were tossed into this pit.


 Before these corpses landed, they would be torn to shreds by the space path dao marks here.


 These ignorant mortals thought that the reason was because they had ascended to the immortal realm after dying.


 The truth was, this place was excellent in producing space path resources. Xia clan had wanted it for a long time, and even though Qiao clan was not their match, they were backed by Wu clan.


 Right now, with Qiao Zhi Cai and Wu Yong missing, this was a great opportunity, how could Xia clan miss it?


 Qiao clan and Wu clan had been in an alliance for a long time, their fortunes were tied together.


 Qiao clan was invaded by Ba clan and Xia clan, it was like Wu clan getting attacked.


 This way, including Yao clan, Hou clan, and Yang clan, a total of five super forces were attacking Wu clan.


 The situation was at its worst.


 If they could not stop this, Wu clan and Qiao clan would lose even more territory later.


 “I will arrange it now, Wu Qiao will bring the Immortal Gu House here and escort us back!” Fang Yuan said to Qiao Si Liu.


 Qiao Si Liu nodded, this was the reason she came. With Qiao clan’s predicament, Qiao Si Liu had to look for help from Fang Yuan.


 Actually, because of Fang Yuan’s delay, Qiao Si Liu was very unhappy already. If not for the fact that Qiao clan only had one Immortal Gu House, they would have already sent out one to bring Fang Yuan away.


 “Go arrange it too, gather Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals, we are leaving together.” Fang Yuan said again.


 Qiao Si Liu was stunned: “Together? What about here...”


 “We can only give it up temporarily.” Fang Yuan made up his mind, he did not hesitate.


 “Then what about the Immortal Gu we used to set up this formation?” Qiao Si Liu frowned.


 “We will bring them away. Otherwise, some Gu Immortals with ill intent will forcefully refine them or even destroy them. We know what these people are capable of. Excuses are too easy to find.” Fang Yuan said plainly.


 “Don’t forget that my formation path attainment is not low. I am capable of taking out some Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan added.


 Qiao Si Liu thought of Fang Yuan and Chi Shang’s competition, she nodded, thinking: “Wu Yi Hai’s formation path attainment is indeed not low, Chi Shang had once praised him for it.”


 In fact, she underestimated Fang Yuan.


 Right now, his formation path attainment level was at grandmaster, he was comparable to Chi Shang.


 In the past, this super Gu formation was completely indecipherable to him, he could not see anything.


 But after becoming a formation path grandmaster and staying here for so long, Fang Yuan had gained a rather deep understanding of this super Gu formation.


 Modifying this Gu formation was out of his ability, but taking away some Immortal Gu was possible.


 After the decision was made, Qiao Si Liu called Qiao clan Gu Immortal Qiao Bo: “Pack up, when Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House arrives, we will leave and return to our base.”


 Qiao Bo quickly acknowledged, asking in succession: “When are they coming? I need to arrange the clansmen.”


 Qiao Si Liu looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: “No rush, I had just contacted them, it will take some time.”


 Qiao Bo expressed joy on his face as he left respectfully.


 “Even though Wu clan’s base is near Yi Tian Mountain, if they are sending an Immortal Gu House, it will take four to five days to reach here. In this case, I can do the final round of the business.” Qiao Bo left and started to think.


 The business he thought of was naturally the immortal opportunity business.


 Qiao clan and Wu clan were in dire straits, this caused Qiao clan’s and Wu clan’s Gu Immortals to feel worried, the immortal opportunity business was taking a huge hit.


 Two of Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals were stationed to guard the super Gu formation here.


 Qiao Bo was one of them, he had rank six cultivation level, when he was sent here, he begrudged the decision, but the immortal opportunity business changed his mind.


 “Now that we are returning, the immortal opportunity business cannot continue, there might even be fights later. Since we are leaving anyway, I will make this a big one!” Qiao Bo gritted his teeth, making up his mind.


 A day later.


 Qiao Bo met with demonic path Gu Immortal Fairy Miao Yin.


 “Fairy, we meet again.” Qiao Bo had an excited expression, his eyes were darting around as he observed Fairy Miao Yin.


 Even though Fairy Miao Yin was in the demonic path, her strength and appearance was top tier, she was one of the three great fairies of Southern Border, on par with Qiao Si Liu.


 All along, Fairy Miao Yin had been entering the giant dream realm to find opportunities in the dream realm.


 Even though her soul was often injured, the dream path materials that she gathered were not few.


