 Even though Wu clan and Qiao clan, and other super forces tried to buy these dream path materials from her, Fairy Miao Yin rejected them all without hesitation.


 “Let’s go in and speak.” Qiao Bo said as he looked at the two Gu Immortals behind Fairy Miao Yin.


 According to the rules, each business would only have one demonic cultivator or lone immortal.


 But this time, because Qiao Bo was going to leave, he made this a big one and went ahead to bring in three Gu Immortals at once.


 At the same time, in Wu clan’s area.


 Lady White Rabbit looked at Wu An: “Lord Wu An, is it true that everyone is leaving? And so urgently?”


 Wu An nodded: “The situation is not looking good, I’m sure you’ve heard some rumors. But it is not a problem, don’t worry, Wu clan will not fall. Just stay here and manage the immortal opportunity business, wait for us to return.”


 Lady White Rabbit pondered for a moment before asking weakly: “Before you leave, I want to meet Lord Wu Yi Hai again, is that possible?”


 “This...” Wu An had a difficult expression: “Lord Wu Yi Hai is in seclusion now, he is trying to deduce an immortal killer move, he might not have time for you.”


 Lady White Rabbit had a sad expression: “I don’t know why but I have a bad feeling, I want to meet Lord Wu Yi Hai, I just want to take a glance at him. Isn’t he leaving too? I will wait here for a few days until he comes out, is that okay?”


 Wu An sighed deeply.


 It was obvious at a glance that Lady White Rabbit had affection towards Wu Yi Hai.


 “It is a pity that the feeling is not mutual, I am afraid that in Lord Wu Yi Hai’s eyes, Lady White Rabbit is just a tool, what a shame.” Wu An felt some sympathy in him.


 He nodded: “Alright, you can stay here, Lord Wu Yi Hai will see you after he ends his closed cultivation.”


 “Thank you, thank you!” Lady White Rabbit was overjoyed, she quickly thanked him profusely.


 Cultivating in the secret room, Fang Yuan held a rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu Precaution!


 This Gu worm was the size of two hands, it was like a long-horned beetle with a black exoskeleton, it was very heavy. Even with Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body, he could not hold it.


 But it had already been refined by Fang Yuan, it was floating in the air now as Fang Yuan observed it.


 This Immortal Gu was one of the two Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had taken after joining Wu clan as Wu Yi Hai.


 As the name suggested, the Immortal Gu’s effect was to protect the Gu Immortal.


 It was rule path and had one weakness, when used alone, it needed some time to activate. It could only activate its effects after ten breaths of time.


 Ten breaths of time was not short for Gu Immortals. Especially in intense battles, ten breaths of time was enough for a dozen round of fights, with countless attacks unleashed.


 And most importantly, if a Gu Immortal sneak attacked, life and death would be decided in an instant. By then, activating precaution Immortal Gu would be too slow.


 However, once precaution Immortal Gu was activated, ten breaths of time later, its defensive effect would be incredible, it was one of the top rank seven defensive Immortal Gu, it had status equal to sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had a new idea, he wanted to fuse precaution Immortal Gu into the immortal killer move vajra shell.


 And now, he had already designed the killer move, he just needed to test it.



***
Chapter 1347 - Chai Clan Has Human Smoke


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 He started.


 The first step, Fang Yuan turned into a divination tortoise.


 The second step, he started to activate a large number of mortal Gu, followed by vajra thought Immortal Gu and more mortal Gu.


 The third step, and the most important one, he activated precaution Immortal Gu.


 Puff!


 Fang Yuan turned into a divination tortoise, spitting out a huge amount of blood. In his immortal aperture, large numbers of mortal Gu were destroyed, but thankfully, precaution Immortal Gu was sturdy and did not get damaged.


 Fang Yuan’s head was dizzy, his immortal killer move failed, his organs were damaged, he suffered heavy injuries.


 Thankfully, he had transformed into a divination tortoise, an ancient desolate beast, he had a tough body and incredible recovery speed. If he did this with a human body, his injuries would have been worse, his organs and intestines might have disintegrated on the spot.


 “Why did this happen?” Fang Yuan was dazed.


 This was different from what he conceptualized.


 In fact, before precaution Immortal Gu could use its power, this immortal killer move broke apart.


 Fang Yuan did not expect this.


 Fang Yuan had used affection Immortal Gu and other wisdom path Immortal Gu to deduce this modified immortal killer move, such a severe error should not have occurred.


 This was truly a huge blow to him.


 After Fang Yuan’s injuries healed, he calmed down and looked at the killer move.


 After several deductions, Fang Yuan was even more troubled: “There are no problems, though?”


 Suddenly, he had a flash of inspiration: “I understand!”


 Fang Yuan instantly understood where the problem was.


 He had misunderstood precaution Immortal Gu.


 When precaution Immortal Gu activated, it continued to expend red date immortal essence, but it could only unleash its power after ten breaths. It did not activate at the tenth breath, but at the eleventh breath. Because of this small mistake, the entire immortal killer move failed and Fang Yuan suffered a backlash.


 “To think that the problem was here, it was truly a blind spot!”


 “It seems that I need to add some time path Gu worms to make up for the time difference.” Fang Yuan’s time path attainment level was ordinary, it had never risen much. Because he had never encountered any time path dream realm.


 However, he had Hei Fan’s true inheritance and wisdom path deduction methods, it could make up for some of his weaknesses.


 But because of this, the deduction could not be completed instantly.


 One day passed, Fang Yuan did not rest.


 Two days passed, Fang Yuan was still deducing.


 Three days passed, Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House had already completed most of its journey.


 Fang Yuan’s deduction finally had some progress.


 After his qualitative advancement, his future deductions went smoothly.


 Southern Border, Human Smoke Mountain Range.


 This place had the most living mortals in Southern Border. Villages after villages were seen on the mountains here. On some mountain peaks, there were even several villages, they were neighbors.


 This was a bountiful sight.


 The population had multiplied to its limit, there were a vast number of humans here. Of course, in terms of battle strength, a Gu Immortal would be able to wipe this place out, no mortal could resist their unstoppable might.


 And at the center of this mountain range, it was the political core of all the villages — Human Smoke Mountain.


 The base of one of the super clans, Chai clan!


 The person who created Chai clan was called Chai Fu, he had left his mark in human history.


 During his era, he was the number one person in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, he cultivated fire path along with earth path, because he had gained a lot of insight from reading >, he had a human path killer move. During his later years, he chose this place to create Chai clan, after modifying the mountain range, he created Human Smoke Mountain.


 In fact, most Gu Immortal experts and great experts would read >.


 A true inheritance of human path was hidden within >, this was indeed the first true inheritance in the history of the Gu Master world.


 It had a unique inheritance method.


 Normal inheritances were like Hei Fan’s true inheritance and Bai Xiang’s true inheritance.


 But Ren Zu’s human path true inheritance was just one book, >, it was information. The profundities of human path were concealed in this information, and whatever a Gu Immortal learned would depend on their affinity and talent.


 Everyone had different gains, after all, the benevolent see benevolence, the wise see wisdom. But every Immortal Venerable and Demon Venerable had their gains, and those were huge gains. For example, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had created all living being’s luck and heaven and earth luck after reading >.


 After Chai Fu read >, he left behind the human path method that he learned after death, passing it down to his Chai clan descendants.


 Precisely so, Chai clan’s development strategy was different from other super clans. Chai clan focused on increasing population, to increase the number of mortals.


 As for other super forces, they basically only focused on a portion of their clansmen and allowed them to develop and grow in the five regions. These clansmen would have the bloodline of certain authoritative figures in the super force, they were also called the main bloodline.


 And a portion of the people would stay inside their blessed lands or grotto-heavens and would not go outside. These people were often the branch bloodlines. Only when unexpected mishaps occur and the main bloodline dies out, or when a ruling figure dies without an inheritor, would the branch bloodlines take over.


 Chai clan expanded the population, but they did not have Chai clan bloodline.


 If any other clan did this, they were courting trouble. Spending great effort to nurture mortals of other surnames, with greater population, more Gu Masters would emerge among them. These Gu Masters would not have the clan’s bloodline, their loyalty was greatly reduced, they had no value in being nurtured to become Gu Immortals. If they became Gu Immortals on their own, it would cause conflict between them and the main clan.


 But Chai clan was different.


 They nurtured so many mortals, but these mortals all had low aptitudes, there were few Gu Masters among them, not to mention Gu Immortals.


 In contrast, highly talented people continuously emerged from Chai clan’s own descendants, there were many who were talented enough to be nurtured into Gu Immortals.


 This formed a clear contrast to the other super forces.


 According to their conjectures, Chai clan’s abnormal situation was likely due to the human path method that Chai Fu had left behind.


 However, no matter which generation it was, even though Chai clan had lots of genius descendants, because of limited resources, these Gu Immortal seeds eventually remained as only rank four or five Gu Masters.


 There was a need to talk about Southern Border’s geography at this point.


 Southern Border’s biggest features, other than mountains, were the three great rivers.


 Red dragon river, jade dragon river, and yellow dragon river, each of them passed through the whole of Southern Border, cutting it up into many segments.


 Red dragon river started from the extreme northwest, moving east towards the south, all the way until Southern Border’s extreme southeast.


 Jade dragon river started above it, it had a downward slope if a bird’s-eye view over the region was used.


 Yellow dragon river had the shape of the character ‘几’, there was a protrusion at the top, it was far more steep than jade dragon river.


 Jade dragon river and yellow dragon river did not intersect, but red dragon river intersected with both jade dragon river and yellow dragon river 1 .


 At the point of intersection between red dragon river and yellow dragon river, it was Wu clan’s territory, towards the northeast shore of the huge whirlpool there was Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian.


 As for the intersection between red dragon river and jade dragon river, the huge whirlpool there was dozens of times as large. Natural essence was incredible dense there, at the center of the whirlpool, there were huge numbers of spirit springs, tens of thousands of them. These spirit springs were not stable, almost every breath of time, dozens would be destroyed.


 Thus, a great amount of natural essence poured onto the river banks.


 When Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable traveled to this place, he had once commented that throughout the whole of Southern Border, this place had the greatest density of primeval energy.


 Over there, the air was filled with primeval energy, large amounts of resources were produced, on par with grotto-heavens and blessed lands.


 And at this place, the bases of three super forces were gathered!


 For example, red dragon river and jade dragon river formed a cross shape, with the center being the spiral whirlpool. Chai clan’s Human Smoke Mountain was north of it, Ba clan was south, while Xia clan was to its east.


 For the last three days, Chai clan’s discussion hall had been in chaos.


 Now was no exception.


 Chai clan’s first supreme elder sat before everyone as his gaze flickered, showing a hesitant expression.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had sent him a letter. In the letter, Fang Yuan, who was Wu Yi Hai, represented Wu clan and was willing to work with Chai clan to attack Xia clan and Ba clan.


 This was an incredibly important matter, Chai clan’s first supreme elder had to gather the clan’s Gu Immortals and discuss about it.


 The discussion hall’s chaos was due to this.


 “We cannot attack Ba clan and Xia clan! Wu clan’s intention is just to make use of us to get rid of their external pressure. The moment we attack, our Chai clan will have to face two super forces at once. If these two super forces ignore Wu clan and turn around to target us, we will be on the losing end, we will not be able to overturn it.” A Chai clan Gu Immortal shouted loudly, standing at the center of the discussion hall.


 He had just finished his words when a Gu Immortal at a corner proposed: “We can choose to attack one clan. Even though Wu clan gave the request of fighting both clans, we can negotiate about this matter. This will not determine what we do, after all.”


 “Sigh... the matter is severe. Our Chai clan has so many mortals around, if we fight, the other party just needs one Gu Immortal to wipe out all of our mortals, we will suffer huge losses.” An elderly Gu Immortal from Chai clan sighed, he was very apprehensive.


 Because of the human path method’s limitation, these humans could not leave Human Smoke Mountain Range. This way, they needed an immortal Gu formation or an Immortal Gu House to defend the place.


 “Precisely so, we need to fight for more resources.”


 “That’s right! Our Chai clan’s advantage is that we have a human path method to allow geniuses to appear in our descendants. But we do not have enough resources to nurture them. Once we chase away one clan or even two, we will gain a vast amount of resources, we will become the number one force in Southern Border in no time.”


 These were the arguments of the side that wanted to fight.


 Chai clan’s first supreme elder remained silent, after a while, he looked at a Gu Immortal in the hall, asking: “You Yan, tell us about your view.”



***
Chapter 1348 - Easing the Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The discussion hall became quiet, everyone’s gazes turned to this Gu Immortal.


 This Gu Immortal looked young and had a normal appearance, it was not outstanding, but he was an important Gu Immortal in Chai clan, he was the trusted and capable aide of Chai clan’s first supreme elder.


 Chai You Yan, who was an information path Gu Immortal, thought for a while before saying: “The things I consider might be different from everyone. These last days, I have been pondering over Wu Yi Hai.”


 “Wu Yong went missing and is presumably dead, regardless of whether this is true or who the culprit was, Wu Yi Hai is currently the leader of Wu clan. I am thinking about his personality, and how sincere he actually is.”


 “We all know about Wu Yi Hai’s origin. We know too little about him, he did not grow up in Southern Border after all.”


 “Hmm, continue.” Chai clan’s first supreme elder showed interest in his eyes.


 Chai You Yan smiled before continuing: “Actually, we know about the information regarding Wu Yi Hai already, I will skip that. From this information, we can more or less understand this person’s attitude and personality. I will mention something that everyone ignored.”


 “Oh? We all ignored something?”


 Chai You Yan rubbed his nose: “I mean that letter. In Wu Yi Hai’s letter, he wanted to ally with our clan to attack Ba clan and Xia clan. He did not choose either Ba clan or Xia clan, he chose to target them both.”


 “Wu clan has always acted so domineering, isn’t this their usual style of doing things?” Some Chai clan Gu Immortals did not understand.


 “No no no. Wu Yi Hai is different.” Chai You Yan shook his head: “We can tell from how he dealt with Frosty Peak and the agreement with Mountain Moving Old Monster. His actions are similar to lone cultivators, after all, how long has it been since he returned to Wu clan?”


 “Wu Yi Hai lacks the dominating disposition of Wu clan, but he has the astuteness of lone cultivators, he knows how to make agreements, from what I see, he is talented as a part of the righteous path.”


 “Why did he list Ba clan and Xia clan as his targets? Like what was mentioned earlier, why did he not choose one of them and seek peace with the other? Because when we ally with Wu clan, if we choose one of them to attack, would the other stay still? They would definitely work together and resist both Wu clan and us!”


 Chai clan’s Gu Immortals heard this and nodded, agreeing with Chai You Yan.


 Chai clan, Ba clan, Xia clan, these three clans were gathered around the red and jade rivers, their relationship was complex. If one clan became strong, the other two would join up to resist it.


 The three were in a power balance, restraining each other, this was also why Chai clan had never made any progress after so many years of development.


 If Chai clan worked with Wu clan, this balance would shift, would Ba clan and Xia clan not cooperate?


 Thus, Fang Yuan directly listed both of them as his targets. Because he knew that it was bound to happen!


 “This means that Wu Yi Hai has quite good foresight. Since he suggested for us to cooperate with him, he must have made many preparations. We do not need to worry about Wu clan toying with us.” Someone said.


 Chai You Yan nodded: “What I want to say is, Wu Yi Hai has a lot of talent in politics. From all these details, I can see that he has a lot of sincerity in this cooperation.”


 “The truth is, our Chai clan needs to act.”


 “After developing until now, we finally suppressed Xia clan and Ba clan, it was not easy, this is the hard work of countless generations, mixed in with some luck.”


 “Once Ba clan or Xia clan devours more resources, their foundations would grow, our advantage will be gone.”


 “Of course, we need to be careful of Wu clan as well if we work together.”


 “As for how we will fight, and how we will restrict the extent of this battle? That will be first supreme elder’s decision.”


 “But at the very least, we need to send some Gu Immortals to attack. We cannot let Ba clan and Xia clan expand their territories so easily, right?”


 His words were met with the nodding of Chai clan’s Gu Immortals.


 At almost the same time.


 Southern Border, Myriad Snake Mountain, Chi clan’s base.


 Chi clan’s first supreme elder held a letter Gu and remained silent.


 Chi clan was at the extreme west of Southern Border, southwest of it was Yang clan, and towards its east was Qiao clan.


 Chi clan bordered on these two clans, but Yang clan was farther from its base and had a longer border with it.


 Making friends with those far away and making enemies with those close by, this was a common foreign policy.


 Thus, Chi clan and Yang clan had poor relationships. Yang clan’s Ghost Hand Mountain was at the source of yellow dragon river, it had abundant resources and was a strategic location, Yang clan Gu Immortals mostly cultivated soul path, they had incredible battle strength and was a threat to Chi clan.


 In the past, Yang clan and Chi clan had many conflicts, this had accumulated throughout history.


 Towards the east of Yang clan, all the way along yellow dragon river, was Wu clan’s territory.


 Actually, Wu clan and Chi clan were close by. Even though they did not border each other, Qiao clan and Chi clan did.


 Qiao clan was heavily supported by a Wu clan first supreme elder of a certain generation. Qiao clan was at the central area of Southern Border, bordering Ba clan, Xia clan, and Chi clan, it could even restrain the southwest Yang clan.


 Chi clan and Qiao clan had conflicts, but everyone knew that Qiao clan was Wu clan’s guard dog, thus, Chi clan’s and Wu clan’s relationship was good or bad at times, depending on the situation.


 If there was one phrase to describe Chi clan’s and Wu clan’s relationship, ambiguous would be a rather appropriate term.


 Not long ago, Chi clan had found trouble with Wu clan. But inside the super Gu formation of Yi Tian Mountain, Chi clan worked with Wu clan, creating the immortal opportunity business.


 “Wu Yi Hai, you are giving me a tough problem.” In his study room, Chi clan first supreme elder Chi Qu You sighed deeply.


 Fang Yuan had requested to work with Chi clan and deal with Yang clan.


 Chi Qu You was moved, because he knew this was a good opportunity. This chance was rare even in his lifetime.


 Any force needed to grow larger. Trying to annex Yang clan’s resources, even if they could not succeed, would weaken Yang clan, this was something beneficial to Chi clan no matter what.


 Chi clan had a lot of spare energy for this.


 Not only because Chi clan’s base was located far from the action, but also because Chi clan specialized in Gu formations. By setting up many immortal Gu formations, Chi clan’s base and all their resource points had incredible defense.


 Chi clan had little to worry about. They also had two Immortal Gu Houses, and don’t forget, Chi Qu You was a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Wu Yong had died, this news sent Southern Border into chaos.


 In this chaotic situation, what would Chi clan do, Chi Qu You needed to decide quickly and resolutely!


 Several days later, in the super Gu formation, Fang Yuan came out of his seclusion.


 He had a bit of joy on his face.


 His closed cultivation bore fruit, he had completed the deduction of vajra shell and tested it several times.


 And during these few days, the situation in Southern Border had undergone a huge change.


 Chai clan sent Gu Immortals to the river and showed a threatening stance. Ba clan and Xia clan had to gather a portion of their strength and defend themselves.


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals directly invaded Yang clan’s territory. The two clans were neighbors for so long, it was easy to find an excuse to do so.


 Both sides were fighting near their mountain range.


 Chi clan’s great expert was very active, he brought an Immortal Gu House and attacked personally. This made Yang clan very nervous, they had to send their Immortal Gu House and many Gu Immortals to face him. Yang clan had no rank eight Gu Immortal, they were in a passive state.


 Other than that, Luo clan, Tie clan, and Yi clan also made their movements.


 Because Fang Yuan sent these clans letters as well. Of course, the contents were all different from Chai clan and Chi clan.


 After all, these four clans were too close to each other, they were all towards the east of Southern Border.


 But even so, these clans’ movements had attracted the attention of Hou clan and Yao clan, they were drawn away. Because they knew that even though these clans were unlikely to strike, they were afraid of taking that chance, they had to defend against it.


 As for Shang clan, this clan had always scrupulously followed neutrality, even though Fang Yuan sent a letter, they replied instantly, rejecting his suggestion.


 Because of this sudden change, Wu clan’s and Qiao clan’s dangerous situation had become much more relaxed.


 Wu clan’s and Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals were very shocked at this result.


 Even though Fang Yuan just sent a few letters, to be able to convince super forces to act, it was not a simple thing. Especially when the letter had to be very precise on the amount of resources Wu clan was willing to give up to express their sincerity.


 Fang Yuan dealt with this perfectly, it was far beyond many people’s imaginations.


 Very few people knew about the content of his letters, but everyone knew that these letters moved many Gu Immortals in these super forces. This allowed Wu clan and Qiao clan to have an opportunity to retaliate!


 “It seems that my skills have not fallen much.” In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan was once the leader of an organization, during the five regions chaotic war, the political situation was far more chaotic, all five regions were linked together, all sorts of deceptions, schemes, betrayal were endless.


 The current political chaos was just surrounding Wu clan and Qiao clan, as well as the western part of Southern Border.


 It was not too complex in Fang Yuan’s opinion.


 He did not need to be careful, he could directly target the problem.


 “Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House is finally arriving?” Fang Yuan received more information.


 Originally, the Immortal Gu House was supposed to move earlier, but a mishap occurred midway and it was stalled for some time, no matter who did it or what their intention was, Fang Yuan had to wait an extra day before this Immortal Gu House arrived.


 “It seems I need to leave this place now.” This dream realm gave Fang Yuan an incredible boost, many things happened during this period, Fang Yuan felt a bit of unwillingness to leave this treasure.



***
Chapter 1349 - Fang Yuan Wants To Kill White Rabbit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan started to settle the matters that piled up while he was in closed cultivation.


 “Lady White Rabbit wants to see me? For what?” Fang Yuan asked Wu An using information path methods.


 Soon, Fang Yuan understood Lady White Rabbit’s intention.


 “Not seeing her, get her to leave.” Fang Yuan rejected mercilessly.


 Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House would arrive in a day.


 Fang Yuan was not going to bring Lady White Rabbit with him, he needed a chess piece to stay here. Even if she was not in the super Gu formation, having one outside was fine too.


 Of course this carried huge risks, after all, Lady White Rabbit’s and Wu Yi Hai’s ‘relationship’ was quite close, everyone knew about it.


 But chess pieces needed to display their worth. When Fang Yuan took in Lady White Rabbit, it was not because of her beauty or love, he just wanted to extract all of her value.


 “Even with one day left, I cannot waste it, I might be able to gain something in the dream realm.”


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan still only met with absurd dream realms.


 It was a real pity.


 During this final period, he kept meeting absurd dream realms, his luck was quite bad. If they were realistic dream realms, he would at least obtain some growth.


 “I heard that Qiao clan has many realistic dream realms. It is a pity... those demonic path Gu Immortals have no methods to use, but they are able to encounter realistic dream realms.”


 Fang Yuan could not go to Qiao clan. It was their territory, if he exposed his method of exploring dream realms, it would be a huge problem to Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, Qiao clan’s area.


 “One more day before we leave, your dream realm exploration is going to end. Make good use of your time, also, our Qiao clan is very willing to purchase the dream path materials that you find.” Qiao Bo transmitted to Fairy Miao Yin and the other demonic path Gu Immortals.


 “No need for more explorations, we can end now.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled at Qiao Bo.


 Qiao Bo was dazed.


 He had brought Fairy Miao Yin here to explore the dream realm many times, but this was the first time he saw Fairy Miao Yin smiling at him so deeply.


 At once, his heart jumped, he showed a dazed expression.


 But soon, his body shook.


 A soft sound echoed.


 Qiao Bo’s pupils shrunk to pin size, he looked down at his chest.


 There, a hand with sharp fingernails had pierced through his back, directly destroying his heart, a cold frost was also spreading around his injury.


 “You, how dare you...” Qiao Bo did not finish his words, he lost his life and turned into an ice statue.


 Qiao Bo died!


 Behind him, Bai Ning Bing drew back her hand expressionlessly.


 In the air, crystal shards were scattering.


 Her hand was white as snow, the blood traces were all removed along with the frost.


 “The time is now, let’s begin.” The third Gu Immortal walked out, her appearance changed as she revealed her true form.


 Who else could it be but Hei Lou Lan?


 “Is Lord Wu Yi Hai really unwilling to meet me?” Lady White Rabbit had teary eyes as she looked at Wu An.


 Wu An sighed, shaking his head: “Leave, there is no rush, you will meet again in the future. As long as you manage the immortal opportunity business well, maybe Lord Wu Yi Hai might reward you in the future.”


 “Manage it well? Hehe!” Lady White Rabbit’s eyes suddenly turned black, a cold light was shining in her dark eyes.


 Seeing this change, Wu An became alert, he took a step back: “Lady White Rabbit, what are you doing? Don’t act rashly.”


 Lady White Rabbit’s voice changed too: “Don’t talk about White Rabbit! I am not that weak fool, blindly loving this cruel and heartless man. Remember, I am Black Tigress.”


 “Hmph, what Black Tigress, it is time to teach you people a lesson. Even though my Wu clan is in a difficult spot, you minor characters should forget about... urgh!” Before Wu An finished his words, his angry face turned into one of extreme fear.


 He found that he could not move, not only that, his body and soul were melting, turning into black water on the ground.


 “What, what killer move is this? When was I hit?!”


 At this time, Black Tigress’ cold voice entered Wu An’s ears: “Enjoy it, this was meant for Wu Yi Hai. It is a pity I did not get to see him.”


 Once she said that, Wu An completely melted into a puddle of black water.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Right after Wu An had died from Black Tigress’ powerful killer move, the super Gu formation started to shake intensely.


 The super Gu formation was under attack!


 “What is going on?” The righteous path Gu Immortals here immediately reacted.


 “Someone is attacking the Gu formation, they are inside the Gu formation!” Soon, Chi Gui, who was the leader of Chi clan here. found the problem and informed the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 The immortals’ hearts sank.


 The super Gu formation had incredibly strong defense, but it was split into inside and outside. Attacking the super Gu formation from the inside and from the outside were two different situations.


 Undeniably, attacking it from the inside would be much more destructive.


 “The problem is at Qiao clan’s area.” The righteous path Gu Immortals near Qiao clan’s area quickly transmitted.


 “Damn it, I said that this immortal opportunity business was going to create problems. Qiao clan is toying with fire! See what happened!!” Ba Quan Feng shouted, after all, Ba clan did not participate in this immortal opportunity business.


 Once he said that, many righteous path Gu Immortals went silent.


 “No need to worry, even in this situation, my Chi clan ancestor had prepared against this, this super Gu formation has formations inside formations, for a total of four layers. Just these demonic path Gu Immortals cannot break our outermost layer.” Chi Gui tried to raise the morale and relieve his own awkwardness. Because Chi clan was one of the instigators of the immortal opportunity business.


 “That’s right, they are just some rats.” The righteous path Gu Immortals calmed down.


 But at this moment.


 Boom!


 Several loud explosions occurred as the Gu formation shook again, the intensity was many times stronger than before. Many Gu worms died, quite a few Immortal Gu were destroyed.


 “What is going on, what is going on?!”


 Chi Gui was shocked: “They actually found our formation core? Oh no, the other party came prepared, they are not attacking abruptly.”


 “They are attacking from both inside and outside, the outside of the Gu formation was hit by a strong attack earlier!”


 “Stop them!”


 “Quickly activate the Gu formations.”


 “Send some people to the site, exterminate those demonic path scoundrels!”


 “Did Wu clan’s and Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals all die? Is anyone there?!”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals transmitted to each other, it was a chaotic scene.


 “What is going on?” In the hall at Wu clan’s area, Fang Yuan’s brows were locked, he was observing the situation that had just occurred using the Gu formation.


 He had just practised his killer move, the event happened too quickly, he was caught unprepared.


 Information was transmitted to Fang Yuan from the Gu formation. Lady White Rabbit’s transformation and the killing of Wu An, he learned about everything.


 “Lady White Rabbit is a traitor, she seemed to have become another person! And her target was actually me.” Fang Yuan frowned even deeper now.


 He immediately decided to go ahead and kill White Rabbit to take revenge for Wu An.


 Not just because of Wu Yi Hai’s identity, but also because Fang Yuan needed to maintain the stability of the super Gu formation, he needed to kill Lady White Rabbit.


 “To think that there was such a huge slip-up, Yi Hai, my side of the Gu formation is completely out of control, come lend me a hand!”


 Qiao Si Liu transmitted to Fang Yuan a cry for help and also the scene of Bai Ning Bing killing Qiao Bo.


 Receiving this information, Fang Yuan’s intention of acting was dispersed!


 “Bai Ning Bing? Hei Lou Lan! Why are they here? I get it, this is the act of Shadow Sect!” Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 He stayed on the spot, his eyes bursting with bright light.


 After discovering Shadow Sect, even though he had killing intent, his thoughts of going out vanished.


 What a joke!


 Shadow Sect had a rank eight existence.


 Fang Yuan saw this from the battle of Reverse Flow River.


 Who knew where that Purple Mountain True Monarch was. He might be close by, waiting to attack Wu Yi Hai if he came out!


 “Even though I have the immortal killer move reverse flow protection seal, which can defend against rank eight existences, once I use it, my identity will be exposed. Since Shadow Sect sent Lady White Rabbit to kill me, undoubtedly, they did not discover that I am impersonating Wu Yi Hai. Otherwise, they would not send just Lady White Rabbit.”


 “What to do?”


 Fang Yuan went into rapid contemplation.


 Using his wisdom path methods, thoughts moved rapidly in Fang Yuan’s mind, raging like a storm.


 “Shadow Sect’s intention is obvious, they want to save Spectral Soul’s main body.”


 “Shadow Sect must have their trump cards, I need to quietly observe for now! This super Gu formation is not a joke, using this super Gu formation, we can defend against the attacks of rank eight Gu Immortals. I should not expose myself.”


 Fang Yuan quickly made his plan.


 As for Qiao Si Liu?


 You can die for all I care!


 “Yi Hai, come quickly.” Qiao Si Liu urged again.


 Fang Yuan had a cold expression, immediately rejecting: “Hang on, I have some problems here. Wu An was murdered by Lady White Rabbit, I cannot spare this murderer!!”


 “What? Be careful yourself.” Qiao Si Liu was shocked, but she still gave Fang Yuan some words of concern, not knowing that he had already abandoned her in his mind.


 Qiao Si Liu was facing against Fairy Miao Yin, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing.


 She was a rank seven Gu Immortal, similar to Fairy Miao Yin, while Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing were rank six.


 Thus, in Qiao Si Liu’s perspective, the situation was not out of control. Her gaze was focused on Fairy Miao Yin: “You are all finished, the super Gu formation has already been activated, you are all trapped here, surrender now and be my clan’s slave Gu Immortals, you might be able to survive.”


 “Hehehe.” Fairy Miao Yin laughed: “Is that so?”



***
Chapter 1350 - Grey Night Breaks The Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Right at this time, an intensely strong aura burst out from outside the super Gu formation.


 Soon, the righteous path Gu Immortals controlling the Gu formation noticed.


 “There is a strong aura ahead!”


 “Such intense aura, so, so powerful! A rank eight Gu Immortal?”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were gasping.


 “Is it Purple Mountain True Monarch?” Fang Yuan, who was inside the hall, watched attentively.


 “No, it is not a Gu Immortal, it is an immemorial desolate beast... ah, it is actually?!”


 Before he finished his words, bam—!


 The entire super Gu formation was faced with an unprecedentedly intense attack.


 The entire Gu formation shook intensely, the halls created inside the Gu formation were destroyed, they crumbled and disintegrated.


 At once, it felt like doomsday.


 The entire Gu formation was cracked open, but there were not many injuries in the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 This was the difference between a Gu formation and a killer move.


 Even though Gu formations were the killer moves of formation path, after a Gu formation is set up, it works based on the Gu worms and the environment. When they are destroyed, the Gu Immortal would suffer a less intense backlash.


 Of course, ancient battle formations were different. Once ancient battle formations were destroyed, the Gu Immortals would suffer severe backlashes, especially the main controller of the formation.


 “Cough, cough.” Dust and smoke was clouding the place.


 The hall that Fang Yuan was in had completely collapsed, the corners were turning back into mortal Gu, dead Gu worms poured down like rain.


 A huge hole was created in the super Gu formation, the dream realm that was completely concealed earlier was now exposed.


 Many righteous path Gu Immortals stood by the opening, looking outside blankly.


 Over there, a huge figure was rampaging.


 It was a human shaped immemorial desolate beast, it stood on both legs and had two huge monstrous claws, its hair was messy and its body was black like ink.


 “Gu Immortals, so many Gu Immortals, I want to eat, I want to eat you all! After eating you, I will be closer to being human.” This human shaped immemorial desolate beast growled in a low tone, extremely excited.


 “This, this is...” A righteous path Gu Immortal pointed at the immemorial desolate beast, stammering in a shocked state.


 “Zuo Ye Hui!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth subconsciously, feeling great pressure.


 The moment he saw this immemorial desolate beast, Fang Yuan felt like he was in the dream, but the shouting of the Gu Immortals around him, the destroyed halls, and the super Gu formation that was breaking apart reminded him that this was not a dream.


 Fang Yuan had not expected Zuo Ye Hui to come here!


 This legendary immemorial desolate beast had caused too much suffering and deaths in Southern Border. All of the righteous path Gu Immortals in Southern Border knew about it.


 With the appearance of Zuo Ye Hui, the hearts of the righteous path members wavered, their morale fell to rock bottom.


 This was a powerful existence on par with rank eight Gu Immortals. Especially after the super Gu formation was destroyed, how could these righteous path rank six and seven Gu Immortals defend against it?


 With their bodies?


 In this huge world of the five regions, there were only two people who could resist rank eight as rank seven, they were Feng Jiu Ge and Liu Guan Yi.


 “We need to hold on! Don’t panic, our Gu formation has four layers! That was just the outermost fourth layer which broke. Start to move, come into the next layer of the Gu formation.” At the crucial moment, Chi Gui spoke up.


 He was the leader of Chi clan in this place, this super Gu formation was created by Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You, Chi Gui naturally knew some information that others did not.


 As expected, the Gu formation activated and shined with a bright light. The collapsing stopped, and the outer formation was completely abandoned, a new line of defense appeared inside.


 The third layer of the Gu formation appeared before Zuo Ye Hui.


 It did not cover the entire dream realm, it was visible, but most of the dream realm was still concealed by the Gu formation.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals quickly went inside.


 Fang Yuan was not an exception.


 He had to, Shadow Sect did not know about Wu Yi Hai’s true identity, otherwise, Shadow Sect, which had a wisdom path rank eight Gu Immortal, would not send just Lady White Rabbit to assassinate Fang Yuan.


 The enemy was in the open while he was hidden, this was a clear advantage. At the same time, Fang Yuan had another advantage, that was the Immortal Gu House.


 An Immortal Gu House from Wu clan was on the way.


 Most Gu formations could not move, but Immortal Gu Houses could!


 And the power of Immortal Gu Houses could increase the more immortal essence was used, they could resist rank eight Gu Immortals.


 With an Immortal Gu House to defend and escort him, Fang Yuan would have a greater chance to leave this place.


 “But earlier, Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House was delayed along the way due to an unexpected mishap, was it Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan considered this as his thoughts turned dark.


 “Tsk, so troublesome.” Bai Ning Bing looked at the Gu formation’s third layer of defense, frowning.


 “This is hard to destroy.” Hei Lou Lan sighed.


 At this time, Ying Wu Xie smiled coldly, transmitting to them: “Don’t worry, just dodge.”


 Fairy Miao Yin’s, Bai Ning Bing’s, and Hei Lou Lan’s bodies shook as they quickly flew back and retreated.


 Roar!


 At the next moment, Zuo Ye Hui roared and emitted a thunderously loud wave.


 Its voice burst out and created a sonic wave, pushing out the surrounding air and uprooting the trees and rocks, whipping up a storm.


 Next, Zuo Ye Hui breathed in deeply, its stomach bulged up.


 Its entire body expanded to double its size!


 Next, it opened its bloodthirsty mouth filled with sharp teeth, and a huge beam of light shot out fiercely.


 The grey colored beam of light shot out extremely quickly, in the blink of an eye, it landed on the third layer of the Gu formation.


 There was a creepy silence.


 The third layer of the Gu formation was hit by the grey beam of light, as it was dyed grey rapidly.


 Earlier, Zuo Ye Hui had attacked the super Gu formation as well. The first few attempts were just trials, but the previous time was also the killer move grey night, together with Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and Fairy Miao Yin, they destroyed the fourth layer of the Gu formation.


 Most of the righteous path Gu Immortals did not manage to see these attacks clearly.


 But this time, they witnessed it firsthand, they saw how terrifying Zuo Ye Hui was!


 As if heaven and earth became still, monochrome color enveloped the place, time seemed to be moving slower.


 For one breath of time.


 Boom—!


 Another thunderous explosion resounded in the world, the immortals’ eardrums were bursting.


 The entire world shook, the third layer of the Gu formation was ripped apart, as if the previous attack was going to be played out again.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were pale, they instilled their immortal essence into the Gu formation desperately.


 When the tremors ended, the third layer of the Gu formation was only half destroyed, it still existed!


 This was a super Gu formation personally created by rank eight Gu Immortal Chi Qu You, together with a vast number of Immortal Gu and mortal Gu from Southern Border’s righteous path forces, it was displaying its power now.


 It managed to block the signature move of legendary immemorial desolate beast Zuo Ye Hui!


 There were no injuries or deaths among the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 “I am actually still alive!” Someone almost cried from joy.


 “This is Zuo Ye Hui’s signature method, immortal killer move — Grey Night! We actually defended against it!!” Someone shouted loudly.


 Chi Gui’s forehead was full of sweat, he said: “This is the super Gu formation that my clan’s first supreme elder set up, why would it be destroyed? If not for them attacking from both inside and outside earlier, the fourth layer might still be around.”


 “Immortal killer move grey night, it is different from the one in my dream realm, was its form changed? After so many years, grey night must have been modified. Did Zuo Ye Hui modify it? Or did it have help? Is this help from Shadow Sect? Strange! If they had Zuo Ye Hui as a tool, why did Shadow Sect not use it when they were refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu? Was it because they could not control it? Or is this all because of that rank eight Gu Immortal?” Fang Yuan fell into deep contemplation.


 Fairy Miao Yin, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, they came to the super Gu formation again.


 Looking at the damaged third layer of the super Gu formation, they were not shocked nor disappointed.


 Because they did not come alone, there was Ying Wu Xie, as well as many demonic path Gu Immortals and lone immortals.


 Shadow Sect lacked manpower, but not resources.


 Normally, demonic path Gu Immortals and lone cultivators lacked cultivation resources, they would pursue resources over their whole lives.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch endured the huge costs of spending resources to recruit a batch of demonic path and lone immortals.


 Humans die for wealth and birds die for food, money makes the world go round.


 Of course, these Southern Border Gu Immortals were not stupid, only after Zuo Ye Hui appeared and used grey night did they start to follow Ying Wu Xie and show up.


 On the other hand, this showed that Shadow Sect had a good grasp on timing and human emotions.


 From these demonic path and lone immortals’ perspectives, not only was there the wisdom path rank eight great expert Purple Mountain True Monarch, there was also the legendary immemorial desolate beast Zuo Ye Hui, this battle was decided already, they were going to win.


 “It is all as Purple Mountain True Monarch predicted, we will attack using these holes in the Gu formation. Whoever can kill enemies and expand the hole would get several times the reward!” Ying Wu Xie shouted, Shadow Sect’s side started to clamor as they attacked the super Gu formation.


 The righteous path side also reacted.


 “Quickly, seal the hole.”


 “We cannot let them in.”


 “I need time to activate the second layer of the Gu formation, everyone, try to stall and fight for time.” Chi Gui called out.


 “Zuo Ye Hui has already used grey night twice, this is the limit. It needs to rest for a while, it is time to teach these demonic path scoundrels a lesson!!” Ba De shouted.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he had been assessing Zuo Ye Hui, he also saw that after Zuo Ye Hui used grey night, it was in a state of exhaustion, it panted as it remained on the spot, unmoving.


 This made Fang Yuan feel slightly relieved.


 There were so many Southern Border Gu Immortals here, many people were familiar with history, they knew a lot about Zuo Ye Hui. After all, every time Zuo Ye Hui appeared, it would cause disaster in Southern Border, lots of Southern Border Gu Immortals would need to work together, defending against and battling it.


 Southern Border’s righteous path super clans had accurate information about Zuo Ye Hui from their historical records.



***
Chapter 1351 - Chaotic Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Kill!”


 “Charge!”


 “Block them, we need more time.”


 “Don’t be afraid, so what if this is Zuo Ye Hui, the Gu formation is around, we can last until reinforcements arrive from our clans.”


 Shadow Sect attacked, while Southern Border’s righteous path defended desperately.


 The third layer of the Gu formation was already half destroyed, cracks could be seen everywhere, it was of little help to the righteous path Gu Immortals, a chaotic battle ensued.


 Rumble...


 Unceasing explosions, the collisions of wind, fire, water, and lightning, unfolded like fireworks in the sky.


 There was no probing, Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves were used from the start, the battle became heated almost instantly.


 “You cannot defend this place.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled as she flew in the air.


 Qiao Si Liu was in front of her.


 Qiao Si Liu was silent, the situation had changed too quickly, earlier, the righteous path had the advantage, but now they were at a disadvantage. Even with the super Gu formation, they could only defend passively, they lost their initiative. For the righteous path Gu Immortals, their only chance was to wait for reinforcements.


 “Who are you people? You can actually mobilize the legendary immemorial desolate beast Zuo Ye Hui.” Qiao Si Liu asked, paying close attention.


 Fairy Miao Yin laughed: “The ones to end your life.”


 Her killing intent rose, a crescent moon shadow appeared in her eyes.


 Immortal killer move — Curved Moon!


 This was a sight based attack, because the aura was completely concealed, once it was used, one would not be able to react in time, it was very difficult to guard against.


 Qiao Si Liu was hit immediately.


 But soon, on the surface of her dress and skin, jade green light shone. Within the faint light, long willow branches formed, it was like ribbons made of branches coiling around her, she resembled a fairy from heaven.


 Swish swish swish.


 The jade willow branches were not just defensive, they quickly flew towards Fairy Miao Yin with impressive mobility.


 Fairy Miao Yin was stunned, she quickly retreated.


 She avoided the willow branches but could not defend against the shadow below them. One of the shadows shot up like a venomous snake, slapping Fairy Miao Yin’s body.


 “This is... an attached move?” Fairy Miao Yin could not conceal the shock on her beautiful face.


 Attached moves were like consecutive moves, split moves, and variation moves, they were special techniques in activating killer moves, they were hard to master for normal people.


 What was an attached move?


 Normally speaking, it meant two different immortal killer moves, one primary and one secondary. Like the willow branch attack that Qiao Si Liu used, it was the primary move. The shadows below the branches were the secondary move, attached to the primary move.


 When the primary move was used, the secondary move would have a certain chance of getting activated as well, unleashing its effects.


 Fairy Miao Yin did not expect that Qiao Si Liu would actually master such a difficult technique like attached move, she was caught off guard and was hit by the willow branch’s shadow.


 A long wound appeared as blood started to flow out.


 On Fairy Miao Yin’s beautiful face, it was really apparent.


 Qiao Si Liu tittered: “Oh no, I lost my concentration and disfigured you. If we fight anymore, you’ll no longer be on par with me in beauty.”


 Fairy Miao Yin snorted.


 Qiao Si Liu took the initiative and attacked, there were countless jade willow branches around her, these rootless willows were formed from the killer move, they were agile and resembled dozens of long whips, lashing at Fairy Miao Yin.


 The attacks became more frequent, it was like a jade storm.


 Fairy Miao Yin was shrouded in whips, not only did she need to defend against the whips, she also had to guard against their shadows.


 After all, a whip might come out at any time and attack Fairy Miao Yin.


 Splat splat splat...


 Lashing sounds were endless, even though Fairy Miao Yin was putting up her defense, her clothes were still torn by the whips.


 Fairy Miao Yin retreated as she used her hands to shield herself from the willow branches.


 A moment later, her clothes were torn and her snow white body was exposed, it was beautiful and alluring, men would have a nosebleed upon seeing her.


 Qiao Si Liu pursued her along the way.


 But good times did not last, her opponent suddenly cried out as a pair of slender hands appeared on her back.


 Fairy Miao Yin had four arms now.


 Her four arms defended herself as Fairy Miao Yin restored her steady position, it was easy for her to block those willows now.


 Qiao Si Liu sighed to herself.


 This was immortal killer move — Wondrous Hand Profound Sound, Fairy Miao Yin’s signature killer move, Qiao Si Liu knew of it.


 She had attacked rapidly earlier to catch Fairy Miao Yin off-guard, to maintain her pressure and prevent her from regaining her composure.


 However, Qiao Si Liu’s tactic failed, Fairy Miao Yin managed to use this move in the end.


 Even though Fairy Miao Yin was facing huge pressure, she was not a newbie like Zhao Lian Yun, Fairy Miao Yin did not make an error, she withstood the pressure and used her killer move successfully.


 With her success, the situation changed.


 Qiao Si Liu slowly flew backwards, stopping her attacks and starting a battle of attrition using the damaged Gu formation as she retreated.


 She had left the super Gu formation when pursuing Fairy Miao Yin, it was wise to return.


 “It is my turn now, Sister Si Liu, you have to endure it.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled, but her gaze was very dark.


 Four hands started to move rapidly.


 Her smooth, long fingers were moving in a dazzling motion.


 Ding ding, dang dang...


 Cling cling, clang clang...


 With the movement of her fingers, sharp sounds could be heard whenever they touched.


 The sounds even caused sound waves to start appearing in the surrounding air.


 The sound waves were moving rapidly, with Fairy Miao Yin at the center, it quickly spread to the radius of a few hundred steps.


 The damaged third layer of the Gu formation was breaking apart many times as quickly with the effect of the sound.


 The sound waves appeared quickly and vanished just as quickly.


 Qiao Si Liu had a solemn expression, she quickly defended herself, as willow branches surrounded her entire body.


 The two were in a deadlock.


 And at another hole.


 Shang clan Gu Immortal Shang Guai Li crossed his arms as he stood in front of the hole, looking at Hei Lou Lan.


 He had arrogance and disdain on his face: “Just a rank six Gu Immortal, you dare to attack us, you are truly courting death. I will kill you first before reinforcing my allies.”


 Saying this, he vanished on the spot.


 At the next moment, he appeared behind Hei Lou Lan.


 Next, he stretched out his right hand as it turned into a white bone claw, scratching at Hei Lou Lan’s back.


 Plop.


 A soft sound echoed.


 The white bone claw ripped apart Hei Lou Lan’s defensive method, stabbing into her back as blood splattered upon impact.


 Hei Lou Lan shouted in anger, turning around to retaliate.


 Shang Guai Li vanished on the spot again, appearing in the damaged formation once more.


 Hei Lou Lan missed her attack, she growled in anger, her expression was twisted, there were five deep wounds on her back.


 Shang Guai Li mocked in disdain: “You’re nothing much, I will take your life in the next hit... hmm?”


 But suddenly, his expression changed.


 On his white bone claw, Hei Lou Lan’s flesh and blood were burning in flames.


 The fire was extremely special, it grew as it burned, in the blink of an eye, it covered Shang Guai Li’s entire right hand.


 “You fell for it so easily.” Hei Lou Lan laughed.


 Immortal killer move — Flesh Blood Fire!


 ...


 “Dragonman?” A middle aged Gu Immortal with huge nostrils, Chai Huo Xiong, was bare on his upper body, he had a wide back and waist, his body’s muscles were glowing red, like he was on fire.


 Every time he breathed, smoke came out of his nostrils.


 He was brutish and domineering, he stood on the spot and blocked the hole in the Gu formation behind him.


 “At least you are knowledgeable.” Bai Ning Bing had a plain expression, she stretched out her right arm, her jade fingers were covered in frost energy, as snowflakes descended from the sky.


 Boom!


 A loud sound occurred around Chai Huo Xiong, the ground caved in as he shot out like a cannonball, charging towards Bai Ning Bing.


 “Take this!” Chai Huo Xiong shouted in the air, large amounts of flames flew out of his nose and nose, even his pores were flaming.


 In an instant, raging flames filled Bai Ning Bing’s vision.


 Bai Ning Bing had a cold gaze, she did not dodge, she watched as Chai Huo Xiong got closer.


 Her lips curled up, she called out in excitement: “Come at me.”


 Before she finished her words, she charged forward!


 Her body was tiny compared to Chai Huo Xiong, this was like the collision of a fly towards a flame.


 Boom!


 An intense explosion.


 Both sides attacked and were locked in the middle, dividing this battlefield into two.


 Half was flame and half was frost, they were repelling each other.


 Flames flickered with the power to burn all lifeforms, while the frost solidified the earth into an icy domain, freezing all lifeforms.


 Flames could not melt the frost, and the frost could not freeze the flames, there was no clear victor.


 When the flames and frost vanished, two figures appeared on each end.


 Bai Ning Bing stood on the spot, excitement and concentration was evident in her dragon eyes.


 On the other end, the domineering Chai clan Gu Immortal took several steps back, looking at Bai Ning Bing in disbelief: “Impossible, you are only a rank six Gu Immortal!”


 Bai Ning Bing smiled and her icy white teeth were exposed: “I praised you for being knowledgeable earlier, it seems that I need to... take that back!”


 The moment she said ‘need to’, Bai Ning Bing charged ahead again, when she finished her words, she was right in front of Chai Huo Xiong.


 She jumped into the sky and her right arm was raised up, she was like a deity of snow descending to the world, bringing with her an endless blizzard, her divine might was unstoppable.


 Next, Bai Ning Bing’s right arm slashed down at Chai Huo Xiong like a giant sharp blade!


 ...


 “White Rabbit, you slut, die!” Wu Liao had bloodshot eyes, filled with rage and hatred.


 Even though he was not on good terms with Wu An as they disliked each other, they were still Wu clan Gu Immortals.


 Now that White Rabbit killed Wu An, Wu Liao attacked with hatred, wanting to avenge Wu An.


 But it was a pity, Lady White Rabbit who had transformed, or rather, Black Tigress, had rank seven cultivation level, her battle strength had surged dramatically.


 Wu Liao was just a rank six Gu Immortal, he could do nothing to Lady White Rabbit, instead, his own life was in danger.


 “Step down Wu Liao, you are not her match.” Fang Yuan blocked Wu Liao, who was going to fight, he had cold killing intent as he stood in front of Lady White Rabbit.



***
Chapter 1352 - Fang Yuan versus Black Tigress


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hehehe.” Black Tigress had a strange laugh, her beautiful appearance looked very twisted.


 Her clear innocent eyes were filled with sinister light, there were deep bags under her eyes, like she had not slept for a long time. Her eyeshadow was thick, like the wings of a black butterfly, extending from her eyes to her brows.


 Even though her appearance did not change much, she had turned sinister and vicious, her demeanor had changed completely, the innocent and weak form was worlds apart from this.


 “White Rabbit true inheritance... interesting.” Fang Yuan’s body shined in bright light.


 When the light faded, Fang Yuan had turned into a huge tortoise.


 Immortal killer move — Divination Tortoise Transformation!


 Guh.


 The rank seven formation path Gu Immortal Chi Gui coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 “Damn it, damn it!” He cursed continuously, looking ahead at the fragmented corpse of the Immortal Gu floating in front of him.


 This Immortal Gu was originally damaged by Zuo Ye Hui’s attack.


 Earlier, when Chi Gui wanted to activate the second layer of the super Gu formation, this Immortal Gu reached its limit and broke.


 The Gu formation activation failed, there would be a chain reaction and cause other Immortal Gu to be damaged.


 Chi Gui had to use his own body to endure the backlash of the collapsing Gu formation, in order to keep it from being destroyed.


 But he got injured in the process.


 “Is the injury severe?” Ba De quickly came to check.


 Chi Gui swallowed the blood in his mouth, he had a pale expression like that of a dead person: “Very severe! This destroyed Immortal Gu is one of the main pillars. The second layer of the Gu formation has three hundred thousand Gu worms, but there are only four Immortal Gu of such importance. We need to find a replacement and activate the second layer of the Gu formation. This Gu formation has many linked layers, without the second layer, the first layer will not be able to activate.”


 After pausing for a while, Chi Gui shouted with a frantic expression: “Anyone who has earth path Immortal Gu, I need one passed to me. Now is the moment of life and death!”


 Beside him, Ba Quan Feng and Ba De looked at each other helplessly.


 The former was a wind path Gu Immortal, while the latter was wood path, they did not have earth path Immortal Gu.


 Chi Gui had to heal his injuries, Ba Quan Feng and Ba De went to ask around.


 The reason why they had to ask one by one was because he needed to try and conceal this disastrous information. After all, mental state affected battle strength, the fewer people who knew, the better.


 Thankfully, among the five regions, Southern Border had the most earth path Gu Immortals.


 Soon, some people spoke up, they were willing to contribute their earth path Immortal Gu.


 Chi Gui had to choose, it was not easy to choose the earth path Immortal Gu, but he had to try and find the one closest to the one that was destroyed.


 Chi Gui’s injuries had not healed, but he could not care.


 “Next, I need to deduce this and try to add that earth path Immortal Gu into this Gu formation. My safety will be in your hands.”


 This act was very risky, he was placing his life in the hands of others.


 But Chi Gui had a determined expression, he did not hesitate.


 He knew that there was no other way now, time was pressing, he needed to gamble!


 Ba De had a solemn expression, nodding: “I promise that I will defend your life. Even if Zuo Ye Hui comes, he will have to step over my corpse first.”


 He was sincere, these were not lies. In this situation, even if Ba De had high battle strength, he could not resist Zuo Ye Hui, the battle could not be turned around.


 He was not Feng Jiu Ge or Fang Yuan, who had reverse flow protection seal.


 Ba De did not know that Wu clan’s Immortal Gu House was on the way.


 But the moment Shadow Sect attacked, he had immediately used his information path methods to inform Ba clan.


 There were other Gu Immortals who did the same thing.


 Defending with all they had, that was the only way for everyone to survive.


 Like this, Chi Gui’s attention and concentration was focused on the Gu formation. And Ba De, who had the highest battle strength, was leading the group in defending the place. With Wu clan and Qiao clan in trouble, their reputation had fallen greatly, Ba clan’s Ba De became the most suitable leader.


 Ba De did not let go of this chance.


 As the most important person to protect Chi Gui, he stayed at the back and observed the battlefield.


 All in all, the righteous path’s defense was quite stable.


 The righteous path Gu Immortal elites were using the damaged Gu formation, they could retreat in time.


 Meanwhile, even though the demonic path Gu Immortals arrived imposingly, they lacked strong experts. It was not that Southern Border had no demonic path or lone immortal experts, but most of them had died in Yi Tian Mountain.


 Even though the righteous path also suffered great losses in that battle, compared to the demonic path, the righteous path was more stable, it was easier to produce Gu Immortal experts with abundant resources.


 One could imagine, unless something happened, at this rate, for the following period of time, Southern Border’s righteous path would greatly suppress the demonic path and lone cultivators.


 Ba De’s gaze swept past Fairy Miao Yin, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing’s battlefield, eventually looking at Fang Yuan.


 “Wu Yi Hai.” He muttered this name, feeling some emotions.


 In the past, he wanted to suppress Wu Yi Hai and teach Wu clan a lesson. But now, they had to work together, Ba De had a lot of ambition, he wanted to replace Wu clan and make Ba clan flourish. But now, with this strong enemy, he was willing to work with Wu Yi Hai, he had an open mind.


 Of course, this was temporary, once the crisis ended, Ba De would deal with them again.


 With this event, Ba De had a huge hold on Fang Yuan. Before the mishap occurred in Wu clan and Qiao clan, Ba De had been holding himself back, he did not use the immortal opportunity business to find trouble with him. He had endured until now, there were finally results to be shown.


 Black Tigress jumped around, she was very agile, evading many vajra thoughts.


 After her personality changed, this former Lady White Rabbit started to use dark path methods.


 Not just that, her rank six cultivation level turned to rank seven, it was simply unreasonable!


 But no matter how fast she moved, she was merely a bit faster than Fang Yuan’s thoughts.


 Times were different now.


 If this was Fang Yuan had just obtained vajra thought Immortal Gu, he might not have been able to handle Black Tigress. But now, Fang Yuan was very familiar with this move, thoughts scattered like rain, assaulting her and cooperating with each other, forming a huge web of attacks, even though Black Tigress dodged them, she was still going to be overwhelmed by the countless thoughts.


 Immortal killer move — Cornered Tiger!


 Realizing that she was in a disadvantage, Black Tigress’ aura burst out as her toes landed lightly on the ground.


 Black liquid started to spread on the ground.


 A breath of time later, the water expanded to the size of a pond.


 Two breaths of time later, the black water started to bubble.


 Three breaths of time later, a lizard 1 with the size of a horse emerged from the black water.


 This lizard was black in color and had shiny eyes, it was not real, it was made from the dark path killer move.


 The lizard moved rapidly, spreading its limbs and moving like the wind, bringing Black Tigress to its back as she charged away.


 Compared to Black Tigress, Fang Yuan, who had turned into a divination tortoise, looked very slow.


 After he transformed, he stopped moving, he blocked the hole of the Gu formation.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not move, the vajra thoughts he created were like tiny tortoise shells, they moved agilely and circulated around the divination tortoise’s body with an incredible number.


 Since the battle started, Fang Yuan had been using vajra shell.


 The tortoise shell thoughts few rapidly, Fang Yuan had a composed plan, he first used these thoughts to defend himself before sending the new ones outside.


 Black Tigress stood on top of the black lizard, she could move with ease but she gritted her teeth.


 On the surface, her speed was an advantage, she had the initiative, but the truth was, she needed to get past Fang Yuan’s obstruction to attack the damaged formation.


 But Fang Yuan was blocking her way.


 Black Tigress tried to move every which way, trying to get past Fang Yuan.


 She moved around these tortoise shell thoughts and exposed vulnerability on purpose, but Fang Yuan did not fall for it, he defended himself firmly and continued to push Black Tigress out.


 Fang Yuan was a bit wary of Black Tigress’ trump card.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not know its name, he saw how Wu An had turned into a puddle of black water after he got hit by it unknowingly.


 “Black Tigress prepared that move for me.”


 “She wanted to meet me but I rejected her, thus she used it on Wu An.”


 “This means that the move has a small range, it is quite limited. Like dark assassination, even though the aura is concealed and it has great power, the flaw is evident.”


 Fang Yuan created more and more thoughts, the tortoise shell thoughts were moving around without any gaps, it was terrifying.


 Black Tigress had to retreat, seeing so many tortoise shells, she was so angry her chest was moving up and down.


 “This tortoise transformation really suits you, Lord Wu Yi Hai.” She grinned, showing a cruel smile filled with killing intent.


 “However, don’t think my methods are just these. Take this!”


 Saying so, Black Tigress opened her mouth and aimed at Fang Yuan, sticking out her tiny tongue.


 Her tongue was cute and pinkish, but her lips were black like ink, it was a clear contrast of black lips and pink tongue.


 Her tongue moved rapidly.


 It was like a cute neighbor’s daughter making a funny face.


 But Fang Yuan felt a chill down his spine, he suffered a heavy injury.


 He quickly turned around and looked, he saw a tiny hole on his shell.


 This hole was only the size of a basin, it was nothing compared to the giant tortoise’s size.


 But it was very deep, the wound was spreading outwards, black smoke could be seen rising from the hole, making a cracking sound.



***
Chapter 1353 - Tiger Lick


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 “What killer move is this?!”


 “The divination tortoise’s shell is the hardest thing on its body, yet it could not endure this attack.”


 “Even though my sovereign immortal body has the trait of non-conflicting dao marks, my tough ancient desolate beast body still suffered such injuries?”


 Black Tigress’ battle strength was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations. Her method was peculiar and could bypass even the divination tortoise’s defense.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan did not dare to hold back, he quickly used rank seven Immortal Gu Precaution.


 This rule path Immortal Gu had already been added into vajra shell by Fang Yuan.


 Immediately, the original vajra shell killer move stopped working, a brand new vajra shell killer move was activated.


 Whoosh.


 Wind was created out of nowhere, the divination tortoise’s aura changed.


 The brand new vajra shell killer move used a large number of time path mortal Gu, their effect was to eliminate the weakness of precaution Immortal Gu needing ten breaths of time.


 Thus, once vajra shell was activated, precaution Immortal Gu’s effect became active at once.


 The small tortoise shell thoughts expanded and became firmer, at the same time, the divination tortoise’s main body started to shine in a metallic light, it also became darker.


 Black Tigress saw this and her expression changed, she licked again.


 The two were far away, but Fang Yuan still suffered injuries despite the distance.


 There was another hole on the tortoise shell, but this time, it was only the size of an adult’s fist, the injury was light and there was no black smoke.


 The wound earlier had already stopped producing black smoke, the injury was expanding very slowly.


 Black Tigress snorted coldly, feeling unresigned, she muttered: “In that case, I will attack there!”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan felt his tortoise head go numb.


 Immediately, pain assaulted him, there was also a numb feeling as well.


 The injuries were not light.


 Fang Yuan quickly placed his head into the shell.


 “Damn it!” Black Tigress saw this and her eyes spewed fire from rage.


 Fang Yuan was very shameless, not just his head, his limbs and tail also went into the shell.


 Only the tortoise shell thoughts were still spinning and increasing in numbers, raising his defensive power and range once more.


 Black Tigress licked the tortoise shell continuously, but there was little use.


 She was in a predicament, there was nothing she could do to Fang Yuan.


 Wu Liao healed his injuries as he watched the battle, seeing this, he broke out in sweat, he thought: “At this rate, when will Lord Wu Yi Hai be able to take revenge for Wu An, how many years would it take?”


 Ba De snorted in unhappiness.


 The other holes had intense battles, but Fang Yuan was calm and composed, there was little commotion.


 Fang Yuan easily hid inside his shell.


 He was thinking rapidly about Black Tigress’ killer move.


 Killer moves could be directed to targets in certain ways. For example, a fireball killer move may need to form in the hands first, before being shot out towards the target, to have any form of impact.


 But where it flew, in what direction and towards what target, that would depend on the direction that the killer move was designed to move.


 Wherever the move was directed towards, the fireball would fly there.


 If the targeting was not impressive, the fireball would move straight, after leaving the hands, its direction could not be changed anymore.


 If the targeting ability was stronger, the fireball would be able to move in a curved manner. After leaving the hands, its direction could be tweaked slightly.


 And even stronger ones would have automatic homing abilities.


 “Black Tigress’ killer move must also have a targeting ability.”


 “It is formless after activation, it is not as obvious as a fireball. But it definitely has a targeting ability, because it is not a wide ranged attack, the damage is concentrated.”


 “Then how does it do that? By sight?”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan activated his Gu worms, creating a thick fog around the divination tortoise, surrounding it.


 “What is this Wu Yi Hai trying to do? Hmph.” Black Tigress was suspicious that Fang Yuan was using a new killer move, she quickly stretched out her tongue and licked towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was hit again.


 “Not sight? Is it smell?”


 Fang Yuan used his method again, the fog became extremely smelly.


 Wu Liao who was close by to him, had a twisted expression as he quickly used his Gu worms to breathe internally.


 The smell spread in the air, soon, other battlefields were looking over.


 “Wu Yi Hai is actually trying to break the other party’s killer move.” Ba De’s eyes shined, he could see Fang Yuan’s motive.


 He snorted as the displeasure in his heart grew.


 There was usually little hope of breaking an enemy’s killer move on the spot, experimentation was needed, and even if the reasoning was understood, there might not be the necessary Immortal Gu or method to counter it.


 Trying to break a killer move, it would result in a drawn out battle.


 “This is an emergency, but he still has the time to break the killer move? Hmph! If he has time, he should try to kill the enemy!” Ba Quan Feng expressed the unhappiness in his heart.


 Ba De did not say anything, now was not the time for internal conflict.


 Black Tigress hesitated for a moment, she stretched out her tongue and licked again.


 Another hole appeared on Fang Yuan’s shell.


 Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration: “I get it, this is her sense of taste.”


 Normally speaking, taste was experienced through the tongue, and Gu Immortals’ tongues were able to taste things from afar through Immortal Gu or killer moves, it was not hard.


 “Every time she activates it, Black Tigress needs to stretch out her tongue.”


 “She and Shadow Sect are aligned, while Shadow Sect has food path true inheritances. Only such a non-standard path can deal such damage to my defensive divination tortoise transformation.”


 “Let me test it.”


 The divination tortoise turned red, especially the shell, it was red as molten iron.


 Black Tigress licked and immediately cringed: “Argh... so hot!”


 The divination tortoise’s redness faded, there was a strange smell in the sky.


 Black Tigress stretched out her tongue and licked, she almost puked from disgust, she frowned: “So salty!”


 The divination tortoise transformation changed again.


 Black Tigress stopped trying, she understood Fang Yuan’s intention: “This guy! He is actually trying to counter my killer move, he is not trying to use any immortal killer moves. Damn it!!”


 Black Tigress thought earlier that the divination tortoise’s changes were the start of Fang Yuan’s new immortal killer move.


 Thus, she interfered with him time and time again, once she succeeded, Fang Yuan would suffer an intense backlash. She would have hope of passing this huge tortoise shell obstacle.


 “Under such a situation, he still has time to try to deduce and counter my killer move?!” Fang Yuan’s movements were not logical, the battle was so intense now, nobody had any time for this.


 But precisely so, Black Tigress fell for it.


 After realizing this, Black Tigress stopped using this move, she started to use other long range methods.


 She punched with both fists as dark green fist qi moved around the troublesome tortoise shell thoughts, some were wiped out but some managed to land on the divination tortoise shell.


 Even though the damage was little, each time the punches landed, Fang Yuan’s body shook uncontrollably. Evidently, this immortal killer move had rule path Gu worms. Black Tigress was trying to prevent Fang Yuan from using an immortal killer move, it was a good strategy.


 “It was taste, huh.” Fang Yuan’s head was still inside his shell.


 Even though he had a result, it was still far from truly breaking Black Tigress’ move.


 Fang Yuan, however, was not in a rush.


 Black Tigress could not use this move anymore, her punches were of little harm to Fang Yuan.


 The original Wu Yi Hai had other methods, but they were all defensive in nature.


 Black Tigress was really over-thinking it when she guarded against Fang Yuan’s attacking moves, even though he had them, with this identity, he could not use them. If he tried, he would incur huge suspicions, his identity was likely to be exposed.


 Thus, this battle slowed down tremendously.


 Fang Yuan did not want to attack, or rather, he had no attacking moves, while Black Tigress could not go past this shell.


 After a long time, there were already a hundred thousand tortoise shells around Fang Yuan.


 Black Tigress felt like she was helpless, the vast number of tortoise shells made this an incredibly eye catching sight in the battlefield.


 Ba De’s expression became even colder, he could not help but transmit: “Wu Yi Hai, I heard you have two more transformations. Why are you still holding back? Quickly kill her and reinforce the others! Unless, you really have some relationship with this White Rabbit? You can’t bear to kill her?”


 Fang Yuan heard Ba De’s transmissions but ignored him, pretending not to hear anything.


 Ba De did not get a reply, he gritted his teeth in anger, his gaze towards Fang Yuan turned colder.


 Fang Yuan was thinking about his situation.


 “Shadow Sect is definitely attacking to save Spectral Soul’s main body.”


 “They control Zuo Ye Hui, but the extent is limited, and the rank eight Gu Immortal Purple Mountain True Monarch has not shown up yet.”


 “The righteous path has the super Gu formation, we can hold on for a while. As long as we stall for time, reinforcements will come from all over.”


 “And I have reverse flow protection seal, I can resist rank eight existences, they will not be able to defeat me.”


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch is a wisdom path Gu Immortal, how can he not have a trump card? And these righteous path Gu Immortals are far from being desperate now.”


 “I should conceal my identity and wait for a chance to take action. Maybe this time, I might have some great gains!”


 Fang Yuan thought about it and realized this was a great opportunity.


 He had sufficient strength, but he needed to wait for the right timing.


 Shadow Sect was a huge threat to him, he wanted to exterminate them all. But Fang Yuan had not succeeded in any of his attempts so far. It was not that he did not try, or that he was not determined enough, but Shadow Sect’s group was made of elites and geniuses.


 But now was a grand opportunity.



***
Chapter 1354 - The Might of Hei and Bai


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had thought that his pursuit would have no chance, but to think that Shadow Sect personally presented Fang Yuan this great opportunity!


 Because of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect would not let Fang Yuan off. If Fang Yuan did not get rid of them and allowed Shadow Sect to grow further, he would end up like Ma Hong Yun in the end.


 After he got rid of Shadow Sect, who would know about Fang Yuan’s identity? Eliminating this biggest threat was Fang Yuan’s best option, he could even get rid of the weakness of Connect Luck.


 After that, he would slowly develop and cultivate using the dream realm, because of the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan had the greatest foundation in the world!


 Five hundred years later, Fang Yuan would have incredible strength, be it his cultivation level, battle strength, or wealth, it would be unimaginable! (Fang Yuan does not know that the great era is already impending.)


 During the five regions chaotic war, he could either take advantage of the situation for opportunities or fight with brute strength, Heavenly Court might not even be able to do anything to him.


 If the situation developed well, by the time he reached rank nine, he would be one step closer to his goal of eternal life.


 This was Fang Yuan’s cultivation plan, it was very realistic.


 Now was the best chance to get rid of Shadow Sect, how could Fang Yuan give it up?


 And Shadow Sect had no idea Fang Yuan was here.


 Fang Yuan was the one concealed.


 Who knew that Wu Yi Hai was him? Nobody in the righteous path knew, even his ‘brother’ Wu Yong had no idea.


 Undoubtedly, eliminating Wu Yi Hai and impersonating him to join Wu clan was a brilliant move.


 Even though there was a risk, if he did not do that, how would Fang Yuan get this prime opportunity?


 Fang Yuan had to make use of it.


 “I might even be able to capture Spectral Soul’s main body!”


 “With Spectral Soul’s main body, I would be able to interrogate the soul and obtain all of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s cultivation memories and experiences. All of his soul path experiences, his perspective and gains in the door of life and death, countless Gu recipes, killer moves, and secrets...”


 Fang Yuan’s greatest desire was lead soul into dream.


 With this killer move, as well as unravel dream and guts Gu, Fang Yuan would be the number one person in this world in terms of dream realm exploration, he would have an immense advantage, the entire world would be left in the dust, even Heavenly Court!


 Ding ding ding!


 Sound waves could be seen as ripples all around Qiao Si Liu.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s arms had grown to six in number, her fingers were moving elegantly, her attacks were much more intense than before.


 Qiao Si Liu, however, was able to defend herself well.


 Her pupils had turned jade, her black hair had turned into willow branches that extended to her waist.


 The two Southern Border fairies were still in a deadlock.


 ...


 “Damn it, I can’t block it! I need to escape!!” A demonic path Gu Immortal retreated as resolution flashed in his eyes.


 Boom!


 An intensely strong aura burst out from behind him.


 “Cowardly rat, die!!” A righteous path Gu Immortal shouted, stretching out his hand and grabbing the demonic path Gu Immortal’s head.


 Next, lightning flashed and thunder roared, deep blue lightning bolts shrouded this battlefield.


 The lightning flashes lasted for a moment before stopping.


 The opponent that the righteous path Gu Immortal was holding onto had turned into a charred skeleton, with a barely observable human shape.


 “Hmph, rat that doesn’t know his limits, he dared to act arrogantly in front of me, Yi Hei Ting.” The righteous path Gu Immortal relaxed the grip of his hand as the demonic path Gu Immortal’s corpse fell to the ground, shattering into tiny black pieces.


 ...


 “Everyone, your attacks are only like this?” A righteous path Gu Immortal with a slender body and tall nose bridge spoke with arrogance and disappointment.


 “Don’t be smug!”


 “Tie clan’s Tie Xin Jian, we have been suppressing you all along, you have the face to say... urgh.”


 The three Gu Immortals who were attacking Tie Xin Jian ridiculed him, but their expressions suddenly changed.


 A strong and sharp aura burst into the sky, emitted from Tie Xin Jian’s body.


 The three Gu Immortals quickly moved back, feeling on guard.


 Wind was blowing all around him, causing his clothes to flutter, but Tie Xin Jian had calm emotions, he shut his eyes as he said slowly: “It is useless, I have already seen all your moves, all of your weaknesses are right before me with no secrets left.”


 “F*ck your mother...” A Gu Immortal cursed but before he finished, his body shook intensely.


 Puff puff puff.


 Three sounds later, three waves of sword qi flashed, so quickly that it felt like an illusion.


 Heads flew, the three Gu Immortals who were attacking Tie Xin Jian were beheaded, losing all their vitality.


 ...


 “Hahaha!” Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly, she had severe injuries.


 Shang Guai Li had rank seven cultivation level, but he looked at Hei Lou Lan with shock and wariness, he was no longer as relaxed as before.


 “As expected of a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, you are a battle maniac.” Shang Bu Li was unwilling to give in, but his injuries were already close to his bottom line.


 “Retreat.” This thought appeared in his mind.


 Hei Lou Lan seemed to have noticed it as she mockingly smiled: “Where do you want to escape to?”


 “What do you mean?” Shang Guai Li immediately felt something amiss, a strong sense of danger filled his heart.


 Whoosh.


 Flames burst out of his mouth, before spewing out of his eye sockets, ears, nose, and other orifices.


 Blazing rampantly!


 Instantly, Shang Guai Li was turned into a pillar of fire.


 His anguished cries resounded in the battlefield before he died.


 Hei Lou Lan stared with a cold expression: “So what if you are rank seven?”


 ...


 “Quick, quick, I need more reinforcements!” Chai Huo Xiong retreated as he screamed.


 Compared to his earlier demeanor, he had lost all his fighting spirit, fear and anxiety filled his eyes.


 Before him, dragon lady Bai Ning Bing walked slowly, approaching him step by step.


 She was extremely beautiful, it could move one’s soul, but in Chai Huo Xiong’s perspective, she was extremely dangerous, he wanted nothing more than to escape the battlefield.


 But in this situation, at this time and place, if he tried to leave the battlefield, wouldn’t he just become Zuo Ye Hui’s food?


 Chai Huo Xiong could only fight reluctantly.


 Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength was even higher than Hei Lou Lan. Because she had Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, and all of the ice and snow path Immortal Gu were compatible with her Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.


 Meanwhile, even though Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she used fire path Immortal Gu, and the fire path methods her aunt left behind, she did not have much dao mark amplification.


 Chai Huo Xiong had already requested for help once, but Bai Ning Bing killed the backup already.


 Of course, Bai Ning Bing paid a price for it.


 Ba De was commanding the battle, upon hearing Chai Huo Xiong’s yells, his attention was drawn over.


 “Tie Xin Jian, please go and help Chai Huo Xiong.” Ba De thought before transmitting.


 “Okay.” Tie Xin Jian immediately flew into the sky, towards Bai Ning Bing.


 His aura was stunning, he immediately attracted Bai Ning Bing’s attention. Her dragon pupils shrunk to pin size as an immortal killer move was activated.


 “My aid is here.” Seeing Tie Xin Jian’s figure, Chai Huo Xiong felt great joy.


 But at this moment, because he relaxed his mind slightly, Bai Ning Bing noticed his weakness and her immortal killer move was unleashed.


 “I want you to die!” Tie Xin Jian who was one moment late burst out with rage. He could only watch helplessly as Chai Huo Xiong turned into a popsicle, breaking apart into countless ice fragments.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled but her expression was plain, she looked at Tie Xin Jian, saying calmly: “My move is called ice shatter death. Do you want to try it?”


 ...


 “Chai Huo Xiong has been sacrificed, even though this dragon lady is rank six, her battle strength is first rate even among rank sevens.” Ba De’s heart sank.


 He rapidly looked around the battlefield, the defensive line was still being maintained.


 The righteous path had the advantage, even though they were relying on the damaged third layer of the Gu formation.


 Even though there were sacrifices, Shadow Sect had even more deaths, their morale had fallen, some were wavering.


 “The enemy only has four true experts. They are Lady White Rabbit, Demoness Miao Yin, the dragon lady, and that fire path rank six (Hei Lou Lan). As long as we eliminate one of them, their morale will suffer a huge blow.”


 Thinking of this, Ba De’s attention fell on Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan had turned into a divination tortoise, he was still at the same spot with his limbs and head inside the shell. But there were already three hundred thousand tortoise shell thoughts, they swept through the battlefield, Black Tigress was pushed far away.


 Ba De snorted again in anger, transmitting to Fang Yuan: “Wu Yi Hai! Stop defending, as a Wu clan Gu Immortal, do you have no courage to fight? Are you so afraid of dying? Let me tell you, you are an important person in this fight, you are the best hope to create an opening in this battle. As long as you kill Black Tigress and reinforce other areas, there will be a qualitative change, the balance will tilt towards our favor!”


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 The divination tortoise was like a mountain, not reacting to his words.


 “Damn it, this fellow is still acting like this now, I simply cannot believe it!” Ba De gritted his teeth, feeling stifled.


 “I’m done.” At this moment, Chi Gui opened his eyes, he stood up from the ground with a joyful expression.


 “Success?” Ba Quan Feng asked excitedly.


 “Yes, I have already finished the deduction, now, we have to arrange the Gu formation and activate the second layer. This super Gu formation has greater defense as we get deeper into the layers, it is not a problem to block grey night.” Chi Gui nodded.


 “Good!” Ba De heard this and let out a sigh of relief.


 He looked at Zuo Ye Hui, who was far away.


 This legendary immemorial desolate beast was still exhausted, it did not move from its original spot, it was still breathing in deeply.


 In Ba De’s heart, this legendary immemorial desolate beast was the greatest worry. Most of his pressure came from it.


 “The situation is favoring our righteous path.” Ba De felt joy and gladness.


 But Fang Yuan was far less optimistic.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch has not shown up, what is he planning?” Fang Yuan was getting more and more on edge.



***
Chapter 1355 - Crucial Traitor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At Yi Tian Mountain’s location, around the super Gu formation, while the demonic and righteous paths were fighting, another battle had come to an end.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was undamaged, it was radiating with vitality, floating silently.


 The huge purple blood river formation was near the brink of collapse, the blood river was no more, only a lump of red blood was left floating around randomly in the dark purple space.


 In front of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal was trapped in a ball of wind, unable to escape, he had no choice but to surrender.


 Victory was assured.


 “Let me see your true identity.” Wu Yong was unharmed, green light flashed across his eyes.


 Immediately, the rainbow colored lights surrounding the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal vanished like clouds blown by wind, dispersing.


 His true identity was exposed.


 The three righteous path Gu Immortals were all stunned.


 Qiao Zhi Cai stared with wide opened eyes, gasping: “Yao Geng?”


 It turned out that this Seven Illusions Demon Immortal was none other than a member of a super force, Yao clan Gu Immortal Yao Geng.


 He had originally fought with Wu Yi Ran over Stunning Immortal’s inheritance, during the fifth time, he had died together with Wu Yi Ran.


 His life tablet Gu in Yao clan had shattered, everyone thought he was dead.


 But to think that he was the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal!


 “Good, very good. Yao clan is actually like this.” Tie Mian Shen said coldly.


 Yao Geng smiled bitterly: “This is my personal action, it has nothing to do with Yao clan.”


 Wu Yong saw that he was defending his clan to the end, he was not as demonic as they had expected, he asked: “What made you think of the method to trap us?”


 Yao Geng’s smile became even more bitter: “I already have said that I am a minor character. Or rather, I am just a pawn, I was manipulated and forced to do this, my clan has nothing to do with it.”


 Wu Yong’s expression sank slightly: “Then, the one who manipulated you is that rank eight Gu Immortal from earlier? Tell me everything about him.”


 Yao Geng laughed loudly, tears rolling down his face: “If I say that I do not understand that person, or rather, I have spent just about as much time with him as you, will you believe me?”


 Tie Mian Shen interjected: “Is it because of the Seven Illusions true inheritance?”


 Yao Geng nodded with a bitter expression.


 Tie Mian Shen sighed: “To obtain the Seven Illusions true inheritance, you need to accept an information path alliance agreement. My clan analyzed and concluded that this is a trap. But what we do not understand is, there were many Seven Illusions true inheritance inheritors who did not have to execute the contents of the alliance agreement, you are the first victim.”


 Saying this, Wu Yong and Qiao Zhi Cai understood, they looked towards Yao Geng with a hint of pity.


 “At this point, what is there to say. Winner takes all, whether you want to kill me or whatever else, it is up to you.” Yao Geng sat on the ground, devoid of any fighting spirit.


 “Where is that rank eight Gu Immortal?” Wu Yong asked, he felt something amiss.


 Yao Geng said all that he knew: “I know as much as you do, I thought he was hiding inside the formation. Only until you found the crucial formation core and captured me did I realize that he had left long ago.”


 Wu Yong heard this and the bad feeling in his heart intensified.


 He quickly grunted, immobilizing Yao Geng and suppressing him in the bamboo building, before using this Immortal Gu House to unleash a terrifying attack.


 Rumble!


 The purple blood river formation was completely destroyed, the clear sky could be seen again.


 The three Gu Immortals were freed, but at this moment, before joy showed on their faces, their bodies shook.


 “Oh no, so many days had passed!”


 “This purple blood river formation not only has wisdom path, blood path, phantom path, and information path effects, it even has time path methods.”


 In this Gu formation, the three Gu Immortals’ sense of time was affected, they misjudged it.


 Even Wu Yong fell for it.


 He had always thought that the time he spent in the purple blood river formation was not long.


 But after breaking out of the Gu formation, he realized that so much time had passed.


 “Oh no! It seems that the rank eight Gu Immortal was not trying to fight us to the death, he merely wanted to trap us. Don’t tell me, his real motive is?” Wu Yong’s heart sank, he quickly contacted his clan.


 The purple blood river formation isolated them from the outside world, they could not even connect to treasure yellow heaven, not to mention their clans.


 Immediately, the three immortals contracted their clans and soon, their expressions changed.


 Large amounts of information entered their minds, the three immortals were stunned, to think that so many things had happened these last days!


 Gu Immortals from Wu clan, Yang clan, Qiao clan, Chi clan, Chai clan, Xia clan, Ba clan and others were engaged in a chaotic battle.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s plan was to trap Wu Yong’s group, creating a false image that he had died, so that Southern Border’s politics would go into chaos.


 He had succeeded.


 Yang clan, Qiao clan, and Wu clan whipped up a storm for their own benefits.


 Right when they were engaged in a battle for profits, over at the super Gu formation, large numbers of people assaulted it.


 After receiving a huge amount of distress letters, the clans fell into panic.


 “What is happening?”


 “What guts did these demonic path Gu Immortals grow, how could they attack the super Gu formation?”


 “Not just that, even a Northern Plains Gu Immortal appeared.”


 “Even a legendary immemorial desolate beast like Zuo Ye Hui was controlled?!”


 These righteous path clans felt that it was unthinkable.


 But among them, there were astute people, after realizing this fact, they quickly reacted: What happened recently could be put together as a huge shocking scheme.


 The mastermind’s goal was the giant dream realm!


 “Go, we will go straight to the super Gu formation!” Wu Yong was resolute.


 “They were actually able to cause a storm in Southern Border, I want to see who the mastermind is.” Tie Mian Shen followed after.


 Wu Yong had an anxious expression: “My brother is still there, I hope nothing bad happened to him.”


 At this crucial moment, Wu Yong still did not forget to maintain his reputation.


 Qiao Zhi Cai quickly cooperated: “Lord Wu Yong, you care so much for your brother, you are truly loving towards your family and have a big heart, truly a role model of the righteous path.”


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building tore through the sky, flying towards Yi Tian Mountain.


 Chi clan first supreme elder was also doing the same thing. After receiving Chi Gui’s distress letter, he immediately stopped contesting with Yang clan, he brought a Chi clan Immortal Gu House towards the super Gu formation.


 Yang clan was doing the same, Hou clan, Yao clan, and Shang clan sent either Gu Immortal experts or brought their Immortal Gu Houses along.


 These people did not know why Shadow Sect was attacking the super Gu formation.


 Because from start to finish, they were unclear of what truly happened on Yi Tian Mountain.


 They only knew some of the information that Heavenly Court purposely leaked, they knew that Heavenly Court had interfered and that the destruction of Zombie Alliance was related to the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 They did not know the reason for the giant dream realm’s creation, or that Spectral Soul’s main body was inside the dream realm.


 Heavenly Court hid this information because it was afraid that some Southern Border super forces would help Spectral Soul.


 Even though they did not know the reason, this did not stop the super forces from placing great emphasis on the super Gu formation.


 Not only because the giant dream realm was there, but also because of Zuo Ye Hui!


 This legendary immemorial desolate beast caused great losses and gave Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world painful memories whenever it appeared.


 Thus, Southern Border’s super forces sent their people, and even Immortal Gu Houses, to deal with Zuo Ye Hui!


 “Currently, even though they were attacked by surprise, they have Chi clan’s Gu formation and Chi clan’s Gu Immortals there, they can defend themselves for the time being.” While flying, Qiao Zhi Cai said.


 Tie Mian Shen was silent.


 Wu Yong shook his head: “To speak the truth, I am very worried. The other party has plotted this very deeply, their pawns are extremely well selected. If Yao Geng was not exposed, who would’ve guessed that he was the Seven Illusions Demon Immortal? The other party could infiltrate a rank seven member of a righteous path super force, I am afraid...”


 Saying this, Wu Yong stopped.


 Tie Mian Shen realized as he spoke: “Afraid that they have an insider within the super Gu formation?”


 ...


 Boom!


 The sneak attack was so sudden, it caught everyone unprepared.


 “Ba Quan Feng, what are you doing?!” Ba De shouted, attacking with rage.


 Ba Quan Feng was sent flying with Ba De’s attack, he was on the verge of death.


 Ba De quickly struck and suppressed him before going towards Chi Gui.


 Chi Gui was heavily injured, his face was purple-gold in color, blood flowed out of his seven orifices.


 Just earlier.


 His deduction succeeded, when he was at a crucial moment of activating the second layer of the Gu formation, Ba Quan Feng, who was behind him, attacked suddenly with a vicious blow.


 Chi Gui greatly trusted these two Gu Immortals from Ba clan, because earlier when he deduced the Gu formation, they were guarding him wholeheartedly.


 But to think that Ba Quan Feng attacked at this crucial moment.


 Ba Quan Feng was just a rank six wind path Gu Immortal, while Chi Gui was a rank seven formation path Gu Immortal, he was stronger without doubt. But earlier, Chi Gui was completely focused on the Gu formation, he could not defend himself, he was hit by Ba Quan Feng when unguarded.


 Chi Gui not only suffered from Ba Quan Feng’s attack, the Gu formation activation failed and he suffered a huge backlash.


 At the next moment, he was near death, unable to do anything anymore.


 “Ba Quan Feng!!” Ba De screamed, his eyes were red, he stared at Ba Quan Feng.


 If he did not witness this, he would never believe that Ba Quan Feng was a traitor of the enemy.


 “Surrender, Lord Ba De, just surrender, you do not know how the enemy truly is!” Ba Quan Feng was in poor shape, his aura was weak and his expression was pale, he was close to dying.


 Ba De, however, saved him from the brink of dying.


 “You will not die so easily, trust me, the clan will place judgment upon you, living will be scarier than dying, you will have a fate worse than death!” Ba De gritted his teeth, hearing his words, he truly hated this traitor to the max.


 Ba Quan Feng was very vicious.


 Undoubtedly, his choice of timing was impeccable.


 Right when they were about to succeed, he struck and destroyed the righteous path’s hope.


 Not only did he hurt Chi Gui, he even destroyed the newly added earth path Immortal Gu.


 Without the second layer of the super Gu formation, the righteous path was bound to lose!



***
Chapter 1356 - Fang Yuan Salvages The Situation!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Damn it! This tortoise won’t stop hiding.” Black Tigress gritted her teeth.


 Hundreds of thousands of tortoise shell thoughts surrounded the divination tortoise in countless layers, Black Tigress had no way of getting close, with the increasing number of tortoise shell thoughts, she was pushed farther away by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan defended like an unmovable mountain, but he did not relax his mind.


 Because Purple Mountain True Monarch had not shown up yet.


 Fang Yuan used his investigative methods to observe the entire place.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Qiao Si Liu were two of the three current generation great fairies of Southern Border, they were fighting on par with each other, still stuck in a deadlock.


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing also displayed battle strength that shocked Fang Yuan.


 Previously, when Fang Yuan was chasing them, they were still not familiar with their immortal killer moves, but now, they were extremely proficient, using them easily.


 This made Fang Yuan sigh once again, Shadow Sect’s foundation was truly deep. Even in this terrible state, with Shadow Sect’s help, Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing still obtained such an increase in their battle strength.


 If Fang Yuan did not have such gains in Reverse Flow River, and used dream realms to raise his attainment levels after coming here, the speed of his growth would definitely not match these two immortals.


 However, even though Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing were strong, there were no lack of experts in the righteous path.


 Tie Xin Jian and Yi Hei Ting were first rate experts among rank sevens, even though they were inferior to Wu Yu Bo, they were still able to deal with Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan.


 The two pairs of Gu Immortals engaged in intense battle, thunder roared as lightning flashed, a blizzard was blowing with countless shining figures.


 “However... Zuo Ye Hui has almost recovered.” Fang Yuan looked at the battlefield, he did not forget about the strongest existence here.


 “Wu Yi Hai, quickly return.” At this moment, Ba De’s words were transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 “What is it?” Fang Yuan could hear something wrong from Ba De’s tone, he hesitated: “I am defending the opening.”


 “Quickly come, we need you.” Chi Gui’s weak voice was also transmitted.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, he quickly entered the hole and got to the inside.


 Seeing Ba Quan Feng and Chi Gui on the verge of death, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk.


 An information path Gu flew over, Fang Yuan grabbed it, instantly understanding the situation.


 “Ba Quan Feng was a spy from Shadow Sect?! Shadow Sect truly is everywhere.” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, his eyelids were twitching.


 The situation was horrible.


 The earth path Immortal Gu was destroyed too.


 Just earlier, the righteous path had fallen into a hopeless situation, when Ba De had almost lost all his confidence, he heard Chi Gui say: “We still have our final hope, even though I can’t do anything, there is still Wu Yi Hai. His formation path attainment is something that our clan’s Chi Shang had praised, his formation path attainment level is similar to me, at formation path quasi-grandmaster. Let him in, we still can give it a try.”


 Ba De knew that Fang Yuan and Chi Shang had a close relationship, but this was the first time he heard confirmation from Chi clan that Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was actually so high.


 Normally, Ba De would be wary and envious, but now, he was extremely glad about it, he quickly transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 Precisely so, he asked Fang Yuan to come back, the opening was filled by other righteous path Gu Immortals.


 “This information is known only to us, Wu Yi Hai, do you have any confidence?” Ba De had a nervous expression.


 At this crucial moment, he could not spread news of this. Once everyone became disheartened and lost their morale, the righteous path would definitely lose.


 “Confidence my ass.” Fang Yuan cursed.


 He stared at Ba Quan Feng, his eyes filled with anger.


 Zuo Ye Hui would only rest for some time. Earlier, Chi Gui had already spent most of it deducing the Gu formation, Fang Yuan had less than thirty percent of the original duration left.


 To deduce a way to use a new Immortal Gu for this Gu formation, in addition to countless supplementary mortal Gu, and arrange them together to form the second layer of the Gu formation, the difficulty was huge, extremely immense.


 Chi Gui knew about the difficulty, thus he said they could give it a try, the hope was indeed slim.


 “Even if you are not sure if you can succeed, we can only rely on you. Give it your all, if the Gu formation fails, grey night will kill us all. Don’t think you can escape, Zuo Ye Hui is extremely ferocious, it is recorded in our bloody history. Our only hope is to defend ourselves using the super Gu formation.” Ba De urged.


 Fang Yuan was silent, rapidly thinking in his mind.


 Ba De and Chi Gui did not know about Fang Yuan’s true identity, but the truth was, Fang Yuan’s situation was much better than theirs.


 “I have reverse flow protection seal, as long as I use it, I can leave freely.”


 “Even if Zuo Ye Hui pursues me, I can use the five regional walls to escape from him.”


 “But if I do that, my true identity will be exposed, not only will I lose my opportunity here, I will be hunted by Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. Ignoring anything else, Wu Yong will become a mortal enemy!”


 “I should first give it a try.”


 “Hmm, there is still some time, I do not have to make that final decision yet.”


 Fang Yuan thought of this and quickly walked to Chi Gui: “Tell me about the secrets of the Gu formation’s second layer.”


 Chi Gui’s eyes were seeing darkness, he was pale as paper. His injuries were too severe, he was barely staying awake by using his Gu worms: “Firstly, we lack an earth path Immortal Gu. This information path mortal Gu has all of the details of this super Gu formation.”


 After saying that, his eyes closed as he fainted.


 “Damn!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Chi Gui fainting was the icing on the cake. Even though Ba De used his methods, it was useless.


 Fang Yuan almost wanted to use reverse flow protection seal and flee. In his opinion, without Chi Gui’s guidance, with the need for an earth path Immortal Gu, and also the time needed to deduce the modification, there was basically no hope.


 But he still looked into the contents of the information path Gu worm first.


 After seeing it, Fang Yuan was staring wide-eyed, he felt extremely glad that he looked at it!


 Four elements Gu formation?!


 Out of his expectations, this second layer of the Gu formation was established on the concept of the four elements.


 Earth, water, wind, fire, it was a Gu formation constructed of earth path, water path, wind path, and fire path Immortal Gu.


 Without the earth path Gu, the three Immortal Gu of fire path, water path, and wind path were left. Earlier, Chi Gui was working hard to replenish that earth path aspect.


 “Why is it so coincidental?”


 “I am not very familiar with other contents of formation path, but I had deeply researched the four elements concept.”


 Back then, Tu Shi Cheng’s training of his son in the formation path dream realm was quite traumatic to Fang Yuan.


 “The four elements concept was known as an overly strict concept by later generations, even without the earth path Immortal Gu, I can use other Immortal Gu to replace it, earth path is not necessary.”


 “Dark path it is!”


 “Dark, water, wind, fire, these are also four elements, I can definitely construct the Gu formation’s second layer.”


 Fang Yuan was feeling firm intuition regarding this.


 He believed in this.


 Because he was a formation path grandmaster!


 “My concept will definitely work. Furthermore... with a dark path Immortal Gu, we can also defend against grey night more effectively!”


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized that his understanding of Zuo Ye Hui’s signature killer move was also not small.


 The reason?


 Because he had entered a relevant realistic dream realm.


 This dream realm was too difficult, Fang Yuan died countless times. He barely passed it using a vast number of uses of unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan had experienced grey night in the dream.


 Different from now, back then, Zuo Ye Hui’s signature killer move was different, it was a wide ranged attack that filled the entire valley.


 But now, it was a dark grey beam of light, this was a modified version.


 No matter how many times it was modified, the core was still the same, grey night was still grey night.


 Precisely because Fang Yuan had experienced the original grey night, he was confident of creating a super Gu formation that could defend against it.


 “However... this means I will need to contribute dark limit Immortal Gu. This is my only dark path Immortal Gu.”


 “Dark limit Immortal Gu is very useful in concealing my identity. Should I retreat now and leave, or stay here and take a risk, to see if I can find an opportunity to benefit?”


 Fang Yuan hesitated before making up his mind.


 “I want to fix the Gu formation, but I do not trust anyone, take Chi Gui and Ba Quan Feng and leave me. Block anyone from getting close to me!”


 Ba De knew what was important now, he said nothing, grabbing the two Gu Immortals and moving away a distance of a few hundred steps.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, turning into a divination tortoise.


 A wisdom path ancient desolate beast, his transformation path dao marks turned into wisdom path, along with his wisdom path methods, Fang Yuan started to deduce.


 His progress was rapid.


 Because he not only had the information on the Gu formation, he also knew about the four elements Gu formation, and he was even familiar with dark limit Immortal Gu and grey night.


 Roar—!


 Zuo Ye Hui suddenly raised its head, growling loudly.


 Shadow Sect’s members had joyful expressions, quickly retreating and abandoning their enemies.


 “Oh no, grey night is coming!”


 “Quick, enter the Gu formation.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals did not know about the truth, they thought that this was the strongest defense.


 “Quicker, are you not done yet?” Ba De could not help but urge, he was the most nervous one, if Fang Yuan did not succeed, he would die.


 “I’m done.” Fang Yuan’s huge tortoise head let out a breath of air.


 Joy flashed in his eyes, dark limit Immortal Gu flew out along with many mortal Gu.


 Ba De was stunned before panicking, deep fear was concealed in his voice: “This is a dark path Immortal Gu, this Gu formation needs an earth path Immortal Gu!”


 “I don’t have earth path Immortal Gu, I only have dark path.” Fang Yuan replied unhappily.


 Ba De’s eyes turned, he almost wanted to hit Fang Yuan, he screamed: “Tell me if you do not have earth path Immortal Gu, I can lend to you!!”


 “You know nothing, shut up!” Fang Yuan rebuked.


 “You—!” Ba De had lost all hope, he was about to berate Fang Yuan when his eyes suddenly enlarged, like someone had slammed the back of his head.


 Next, he was stunned to see that the second layer of the Gu formation activated, having an imposing aura that was vast as the sea.


 “He actually succeeded?!” At once, Ba De felt like he had gone to heaven from hell.


 He was dazed on the spot with his mouth wide open.


 Qiao Si Liu and the rest arrived, seeing this peculiar scene.


 Ba De lost his composure, he was in a daze, it was quite surprising.


 “Ba De, what’s wrong? Why are you perspiring so much?” Someone coughed and notified of this.



***
Chapter 1357 - Controlling The Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ba De shuddered, when he regained his senses, his face went red as embarrassment flashed on his face for a second.


 Fang Yuan concentrated on manipulating the second layer of the Gu formation, before Chi Gui fainted, he had already lent the entire Gu formation to Fang Yuan, he was now the user of the super Gu formation.


 Ba Quan Feng’s sneak attack, Chi Gui fainting, they all helped Fang Yuan.


 “Very good, now, using the super Gu formation, I have a huge hold over others in this battle!”


 It was not a waste of Fang Yuan’s dark limit Immortal Gu.


 This way, he had enough strength to wait for an opportunity.


 Earlier, if Fang Yuan used reverse flow protection seal to escape, he would allow Shadow Sect to escape too. But now, he chose to stay and had increased control over the situation, he only had to wait for an opportunity now.


 Of course, Fang Yuan did not let down his guard.


 He spoke to these righteous path Gu Immortals solemnly: “Get away from me, if anyone gets close, I will consider them a traitor and expel them from the formation.”


 “What do you mean?” The righteous path Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan, who was vigilant, their expressions changed.


 At this moment, Ba De explained for Fang Yuan: “I agree with Wu Yi Hai, nobody is to get near him. Chi Gui fainted from his injuries, it was because of the attack by traitor Ba Quan Feng!”


 He told the righteous path Gu Immortals all about the incident earlier.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were all shocked, they knew now: If Fang Yuan did not salvage the formation earlier, the second layer of the Gu Immortal could not be formed, these righteous path Gu Immortals were glad about this, but were also increasingly wary of the Gu Immortals around them.


 Ba De looked at Fang Yuan before managing the situation, giving his orders.


 There were many righteous path Gu Immortals, Ba De could not awaken Chi Gui who had fainted, but that did not mean that the others could not.


 Ba Quan Feng was also interrogated.


 The other righteous path Gu Immortals rested and healed their injuries in the meantime, preparing for the intense battle ahead.


 At this time, far away from the super Gu formation.


 Zuo Ye Hui’s aura finally became calm again.


 Its huge black body was like an unmoving mountain.


 It slowly raised its head and opened its mouth, breathing in deeply.


 There were intense currents in the air, countless Gu worms mixed together into a complex aura, spreading outwards with explosive force.


 Its body began to expand like a balloon, it had an intense aura.


 When it reached its peak, it opened its mouth, as a dark grey beam of light shot out.


 The beam of light was incredibly fast, it landed on the second layer of the Gu formation with the speed of lightning!


 There was no sound or explosion.


 It was completely silent.


 But at the second layer of the Gu formation, there was also a grand, bright light. Red representing fire path, green representing wind path, blue representing water path, and black representing dark path, four colors fused together, defending against the grey beam of light.


 The Gu formation was creaking.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were all nervous.


 If this super Gu formation could not hold on, they would be meat on the chopping block, they might survive the attack if they were lucky, but the unlucky ones would disintegrate immediately.


 Many astute people started to observe Fang Yuan’s expression.


 Fang Yuan was the person manipulating the Gu formation, his every action would affect their mood.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm all along, nobody could read anything from him.


 But his calmness meant confidence and safety. The righteous path Gu Immortals gradually relaxed.


 A while later, the dark grey beam vanished, while the colorful lights from the Gu formation’s second layer also faded.


 “We blocked it!”


 “Hahaha...”


 “Good job, Lord Wu Yi Hai!”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals cheered, looking at Fang Yuan in a new light.


 “I was not wrong after all, Wu Yi Hai, you saved us all.” Chi Gui woke up and muttered, feeling glad.


 He was in poor shape now, he still needed Fang Yuan to continue controlling the super Gu formation.


 Qiao Si Liu’s eyes also turned to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had saved everyone in the righteous path this time and became a hero. Qiao Si Liu did not have good feelings for Fang Yuan earlier, but now, looking at Fang Yuan who was standing straight, her heart was pounding as she has a wondrous feeling.


 Immortal killer move grey night against the super Gu formation, it was the contest of spear and shield.


 Eventually, the latter won and defended against this terrifying attack.


 As the light faded and dust settled, Zuo Ye Hui, who was breathing roughly, looked at the super Gu formation with wide open eyes.


 The dream realm was not affected.


 It was huge, like a giant pot, with the bottom pointed at the sky, covering the vast land.


 In the second layer of the Gu formation, Fang Yuan, Ba De, Qiao Si Liu, and the other righteous path Gu Immortals were protected. This Gu formation had lost its third and fourth layers, it could not conceal the dream realm like before, it could only shield a portion of the dream realm.


 “We did not break through?!” Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest were greatly surprised, this was not what Purple Mountain True Monarch had told them.


 Not long ago, they had received Purple Mountain True Monarch’s transmission, he said that the Gu formation would be destroyed, they had to attack during that opportunity to secure victory.


 “Chi Gui had already lost consciousness, what could be the cause.” Far away, at the edge of the dream realm, Purple Mountain True Monarch sighed deeply.


 This was troublesome!


 They had lost the greatest opportunity, but he had no choice but to strike regardless.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch, who concealed his figure, could not be detected by the others. After arriving at the dream realm, he had already prepared for a long time.


 At this moment, he activated his method!


 At once, the world changed colors.


 Rainbow light shot into the sky beyond the clouds.


 An unparalleled aura, grand and vast like a tsunami, cracked the Gu Immortals’ mental fortitude, leaving them in a state of shock.


 “What is going on?!” The Gu Immortals on Shadow Sect’s side closed their eyes.


 The super Gu formation was shaking intensely.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were all flustered: “What is going on? What killer move is this?!”


 Fang Yuan’s face flashed with nervousness as he announced: “This immortal killer move is not targeting us or the Gu formation, it is targeting the dream realm.”


 After an intense eruption, the rainbow lights did not fade away. Instead, cocoons of light were formed.


 “The... the dream realm is vanishing, condensing into countless cocoons of light.”


 “Oh my, what method is this? It is causing such a huge commotion.”


 “Normal methods have no effect on the dream realm, except dream path killer moves!”


 “So that’s it, these demonic path Gu Immortals are after the dream realm.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals called out.


 Among them, one looked at Fang Yuan sinisterly: “I said that the immortal opportunity business was a bad idea! It allowed those demonic path Gu Immortals to think of an immortal killer move to make use of the dream realm. This definitely has huge benefits, otherwise, how could so many Gu Immortals disregard all consequences to attack us?”


 These words made most of the righteous path Gu Immortals’ expressions change.


 Fang Yuan heard it and had no reaction.


 Ba De snorted angrily, looking at the Xia clan Gu Immortal as he shouted: “Shut up!”


 At this moment, he was still trying to sow discord with the enemy right in front of them, and most importantly, he was angering the key person, Fang Yuan, this was simply too stupid, Ba De was furious.


 But at the next moment, this Xia clan Gu Immortal vanished on the spot, appearing outside the Gu formation.


 “Why, why did he go out?” The righteous path Gu Immortals were stunned, they asked this.


 Fang Yuan sneered as he said: “This person has ill intentions, he tried to sow discord, so I sent him outside, after all, trash can be recycled, he can probe out the enemy’s ability.”


 “Rubbish, who gave you the authority to do this, you are disregarding our rights!”


 “Quick, let our clan’s Gu Immortal back in.”


 “Quick!”


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly as the other Xia clan Gu Immortal who was screaming also vanished.


 At the next moment, he appeared outside the super Gu formation, in the outside world. Looking at the huge dream realm and the flickering super Gu formation, he was stunned.


 “Wu Yi Hai!” Ba De was anxious, almost jumping up: “Are you messing around on purpose?!”


 Fang Yuan looked at him lightly and said: “Make a din and you will leave too.”


 Ba De was dumbfounded.


 The other righteous path Gu Immortals: “...”


 Ba De’s chest was moving up and down from rage, his face was flushed red, but he spoke: “Don’t forget, the Immortal Gu of all our super clans were used to create this super Gu formation!”


 He was making a threat.


 But Fang Yuan chuckled: “Do you think that at this moment, you can still recall your Gu worms? Haven’t you noticed that you have already lost your connection to these Immortal Gu?”


 The immortals’ expressions changed.


 Chi Gui said solemnly: “Sigh, everyone, don’t bother. This was the Gu formation created by our clan’s Lord Chi Qu You. Earlier, when designing this formation, to guard against traitors and prevent the Gu formation from being destroyed from the inside, the first and second layers can only be controlled by one person, others cannot interfere. Even I cannot control the Gu formation now, unless Wu Yi Hai transfers the ownership back to me again.”


 Saying this, Chi Gui looked at Fang Yuan sincerely and earnestly.


 “Chi Gui, you are heavily injured, you have contributed too much for us, you should heal yourself now.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, crushing Chi Gui’s hopes immediately.


 Ba De was fuming with rage.


 The immortals were also flustered.


 In this situation, weren’t they at Fang Yuan’s mercy?


 Qiao Si Liu and the others who were close to Wu clan were fine, but in Ba clan, Yao clan, Yang clan, and others, their Gu Immortals had conflict with Wu clan, their expressions were very ugly.


 “Chi Qu You, this old fool!” Some people cursed in their minds.


 Chi Qu You had secretly dealt a blow to these super clans, under the justification of defending this dream realm and Gu formation, to keep it safe. But because of this change of events, Chi clan lost control and an outsider took over as the person in charge.


 “Don’t worry, I, Wu Yi Hai, am not a person who acts without reason. In this situation, us righteous path clans need to work together through thick and thin to get through this crisis.”


 “My Wu clan is still number one in the righteous path, with such a situation occurring, we will definitely come forward and take on this responsibility.”



***
Chapter 1358 - Reappearance of Pure Dream Reality Seeker


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I have good news to share, my Wu clan has an Immortal Gu House secretly on the way here, to bring me back to Wu Yi Mountain. It is not far now, it is our closest reinforcement.”


 “As long as we work together and cooperate well, we can definitely leave unscathed, we might even do a merit for the righteous path, for everyone living in Southern Border, we will contribute greatly to this region!”


 Fang Yuan spoke rapidly.


 Ba De’s expression turned very ugly.


 Qiao Si Liu’s eyes were shining, looking at Fang Yuan, her gaze did not shift, she was filled with admiration towards him.


 Chi Gui had once gave Fang Yuan the information path Gu worm and told him all about the super Gu formation. Thus, when Fang Yuan realized he could control this Gu formation by himself, he decided to lead all of the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 Xia clan’s two Gu Immortals were unlucky people that Fang Yuan had used to assert his dominance.


 After that, he gave great news regarding the Immortal Gu House.


 With both the stick and carrot, he successfully got the righteous path Gu Immortals under him, becoming a force that he could manipulate.


 There were no lack of elites in the righteous path, but Fang Yuan had the initiative, his advantage was too large, because of this situation, they had no choice but to obey him.


 Fang Yuan’s actions turned the situation around, right now, even Ba De had to listen to him.


 After successfully controlling these righteous path Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan turned his attention towards the outside world.


 Many cocoons of light had already formed, quietly floating in the sky.


 The price for creating these light cocoons was the dream realm.


 Large pieces of the dream realm vanished entirely. The originally round and intact giant dream realm now had holes in it, it was like cheese that was eaten by rats with holes all over.


 More than twenty cocoons of light had formed, and more of them were gradually condensing.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan sighed: Shadow Sect’s methods were truly endless. Indeed worthy of the super force created by a Demon Venerable which had a hundred thousand years of accumulation!


 Crack...


 At this time, waves of cracking noises could be heard from the first cocoon.


 Next, cracks appeared on the light cocoon.


 Bam.


 The cocoon of light broke as a nude person fell out!


 Before landing on the ground, Purple Mountain True Monarch, who had waited for a long time, acted rapidly.


 Large numbers of Gu worms flew out and surrounded the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, before entering their immortal aperture.


 Soon, this person opened their eyes, their entire body was covered in clothing as they flew towards the edge of the dream realm without stopping.


 “This?!”


 The other righteous path Gu Immortals were stunned, but Fang Yuan’s eyes were wide open.


 “This is the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique!” Fang Yuan had seen it before, seeing it again, he was still stunned.


 In the past, Ying Wu Xie had the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.


 This immortal body was a man-made extreme physique. Shadow Sect’s Old Man Yan Shi had researched it for a long time, how did Purple Mountain True Monarch get a hold of this method?


 Don’t forget, Ying Wu Xie was still alive, and Purple Mountain True Monarch had entered the River of Time through great risks, interacting deeply with Spectral Soul’s will inside the Red Lotus true inheritance.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had wanted to cooperate with Fang Yuan, but because of his low information path foundation, he rejected it.


 Thus, even though Purple Mountain True Monarch knew that Fang Yuan had methods to deal with the dream realm, he could not make use of them.


 He wanted to save Spectral Soul’s main body, other than the super Gu formation, there was also the huge obstacle, the giant dream realm.


 Fang Yuan was not helpful, thus, Purple Mountain True Monarch placed his focus on the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.


 This way, with the bulk of the dream realms vanishing, he could get to the center of the dream realm and save Spectral Soul.


 “This means, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is created like this?”


 “Shadow Sect’s methods... are truly fearsome!”


 Even though Fang Yuan had fought against Ying Wu Xie back then, he did not know about his origin.


 After finally seeing it, Fang Yuan shouted loudly, ordering the righteous path Gu Immortals: “Quick, destroy all these cocoons! We need to kill the one who just left!!”


 “What is going on?”


 “Wu Yi Hai, what do you know? Tell us!”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals asked.


 But at the next moment, they were teleported by Fang Yuan, to the outside of the super Gu formation.


 “The f*ck!”


 “Not even saying a word, who does he think we are?”


 “Wu Yi Hai, you are using our clan’s Immortal Gu, don’t go overboard!!”


 Even Qiao Si Liu was sent out, this Southern Border fairy was a little dazed, she could not accept it.


 Xia clan’s two Gu Immortals saw that so many righteous path Gu Immortals had landed in their plight, they felt extremely satisfied, they shouted loudly to take down Wu Yi Hai.


 But nobody gave them any attention. In this situation, who would dare to offend Fang Yuan, who controlled the super Gu formation?


 Fang Yuan transmitted: “If you do not want to die here, listen to me. These enemies will grow stronger with time, now is the best time to eliminate them!”


 While the others hesitated, Wu Liao had already listened to Fang Yuan and acted.


 Next, Gu Immortals close to Wu clan including Qiao Si Liu also moved. But because Fang Yuan shifted her out along with the others, this woman, who was one of the three great fairies of Southern Border, had an ugly expression and mood.


 These people acted quickly, soon, the righteous path Gu Immortals started to fight.


 One one hand, Fang Yuan controlled the super Gu formation, he controlled their safety. Secondly, the righteous path forces had deep interest in exploring the dream realm. They had desire towards these immortal bodies created from the dream realm. As long as they captured one of them and researched it, their clan’s dream path development would rise rapidly.


 Only Xia clan’s two Gu Immortals were hesitant.


 But Fang Yuan did not forget them, he transmitted: “As long as you each kill a cocoon, I will spare you and let you return to the Gu formation.”


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were furious, they gritted their teeth, but they had no choice! After looking at each other, they acted according to Fang Yuan’s words.


 Almost all the righteous path Gu Immortals had moved, killing and destroying the cocoons of light.


 Only Fang Yuan stayed in the super Gu formation alone, overseeing the battle from the base, it was truly relaxing.


 Strive for every second!


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies broke out of the cocoons of light as they flew out.


 At the same time, when the cocoons were destroyed, the dream realms that had vanished appeared again.


 “Spectral Soul’s main body is inside the dream realm. Shadow Sect has planned this well, creating Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to obscure our vision. Among these flying Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, there might be Spectral Soul’s remnant soul!”


 Fang Yuan stared as he controlled the super Gu formation, manipulating the battlefield intently.


 This super Gu formation was built around the giant dream realm originally. Even though only the second layer of the Gu formation was active now, Fang Yuan could still control half of the battlefield, he could teleport Gu Immortals nearby.


 Not only did the righteous path Gu Immortals act, Fang Yuan also manipulated the Gu formation, using its power to destroy the cocoons.


 Unfortunately, this super Gu formation was built on the basis of defense, it was pitifully weak in attack, far weaker than Fang Yuan’s own attacks.


 “Kill!” At this moment, shouting could be heard.


 With Fairy Miao Yin, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing leading, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had arrived.


 This wave of Gu Immortals were far less in numbers, but in this complex battle situation, the disadvantage in numbers was easy to cover.


 The original giant dream realm was intact, resembling a turned over pot covering the ground.


 Next, because of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies forming, large pieces of the dream realm went missing.


 Some cocoons of light were destroyed by righteous path Gu Immortals, and the dream realm appeared again, but it was much smaller than before, this caused the dream realm to not be as complete as before, there was a difference.


 Some of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were killed and created a huge dream realm on the spot. Because the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies had flown away and were not at the original spots, this caused patches of dream realms to be formed outside of the original dream realm.


 Don’t forget, this giant dream realm itself had movement.


 Thus, large patches of dream realms were all over the place, some overlapped while some were isolated, and some were only a thin line away from being connected, they were in the sky and on the ground, the terrain was truly very complicated.


 When fighting here, Gu Immortals had to be very wary, they had to guard against the dream realms and could not fall into dreams.


 “Creating so many Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, it must be Purple Mountain True Monarch. But where is he?”


 Fang Yuan looked around using the super Gu formation, but he could not find Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Rumble!


 With an intense sound, the super Gu formation burst out with power, as a shadow flew towards a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body that had just broken out of its cocoon, crashing onto it like a mountain.


 Suppressed!


 Without Gu worms to help them, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body was easily suppressed, before the super Gu formation teleported them to Fang Yuan.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body stared at Fang Yuan fiercely, tied by black chains and unable to move.


 Fang Yuan sized it up, his eyes shined brightly.


 “Interesting, if I can capture a few more, I might be able to deduce this method of Shadow Sect and create my own Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.”


 “This is the extreme physique of dream path, even though it has a short lifespan, it might be able to help me resolve huge issues in critical moments!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan searched for Purple while using the super Gu formation to capture newly formed Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 The second layer’s coverage was less than half of the dream realm, while the domain he controlled was even smaller.


 But cocoons of light continued to form, as Fang Yuan struck multiple times, he actually captured close to ten Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 He soon had a shocking discovery — these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies did not have rising cultivation levels as time passed. Among them, some had rank six immortal bodies while others were mortals, only a very small number had rank seven cultivation level.



***
Chapter 1359 - Heavenly Court’s Interference


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan also found something interesting.


 The time that these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies could live was inversely correlated to their cultivation level. The higher their cultivation level, the shorter the duration they could live. In contrast, those Gu Master Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies could live for two to three years, they were good research material for Fang Yuan, he had ample time to do so.


 “Earlier, I was wondering why Shadow Sect did not use the method to mass produce Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain if possible.”


 “Now it seems, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique that created Ying Wu Xie was not this simple.”


 “In order to save their main body, Shadow Sect had to use this method to create many Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, to disperse and get rid of the dream realms. They have great determination!”


 Fang Yuan sighed as he realized Shadow Sect’s firm and determined attitude.


 Not only did Fang Yuan capture some Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, the other righteous path Gu Immortals were not stupid, they also had some captives.


 These Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were the dream path fruits of Shadow Sect’s research. Once anyone successfully researched on them, they would have an explosive breakthrough in the exploration of dream realms.


 Shadow Sect did this without hesitation in order to save Spectral Soul’s main body.


 The scene was very chaotic.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was not discovered, he was still continuing to create more Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 More and more cocoons of light were starting to appear in the dream realm area.


 Pieces of dream realms were cluttered together in a messy fashion, creating a complex terrain. Both the righteous path and demonic path were surrounding the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, engaging in fierce battles.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s side was doing their best to obstruct them, because the battlefield was too chaotic, some Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies managed to leave the battlefield amidst the confusion.


 “Damn it! Spectral Soul’s main body might be hiding among these bodies.” Fang Yuan observed and was about to attack from afar, when suddenly!


 Light that was sharp as a needle descended from the sky.


 Instantly, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body’s skull was pierced.


 This white light that was extremely thin was very sharp, it moved down from the skull of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body and penetrated his entire body.


 It appeared instantly and vanished just as quickly.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body that was hit was rank six.


 He instantly felt that his body had no strength, he was extremely weak. He showed suspicion on his face as he raised his hand to touch the top of his head.


 Next, he placed his hand in front of him and saw that there was blood mixed with brain matter.


 His expression changed abruptly, there was disbelief and fear.


 Next, his vision turned dark as he lost his life. His corpse fell onto the ground from the sky like a rag doll.


 Instantly, blood sprayed out, bones were broken, it was almost a pile of mush, the body was completely dead.


 “Hmm? Who is it?!” Fang Yuan saw this and his pupils shrunk.


 He was the person in charge of the situation, among the righteous path, he was the first to observe this.


 Meanwhile, on the demonic path’s side, Purple Mountain True Monarch was creating cocoons of light while managing the situation.


 Seeing this, he was not confused, he frowned deeply: “Heavenly Court finally acted!”


 He had expected this, he had some arrangements in white heaven, Heaven Overseeing Tower was obstructed for a while.


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan salvaged the situation, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s plan was greatly disrupted.


 The super Gu formation and the righteous path Gu Immortals greatly hindered Purple Mountain True Monarch’s plan to saving his main body.


 The best timing was lost, Heaven Overseeing Tower broke free of the obstruction and finally acted, joining this huge battle.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 After several soft sounds, several small traces of white light shot out and easily killed all of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies who tried to leave the battlefield.


 Next, a grand Immortal Gu House appeared from the sky with shining light, as if a deity had descended upon the battlefield.


 Such an incredible sight attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals, they quickly looked up at the sky.


 A few of them were dazed, but most Gu Immortals instantly recognized Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heavenly Court’s Heaven Overseeing Tower, it was too famous!


 Heavenly Court?!


 Almost all the Gu Immortals were intensely shocked.


 Heavenly Court’s imposing entrance made this chaotic battle go into even more uncertainty.


 At the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, Duke Long crossed his hand and stood upright like a tower, observing the entire battlefield.


 “Spectral Soul is too devious, we cannot let a single Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body off, they need to die! Of course, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies could just be distractions, Spectral Soul might be lurking in other Gu Immortals’ bodies to escape. Thus, all of the Gu Immortals present need to be killed too, it is better to be safe than sorry!”


 “Yes!” Behind Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei and the Gu Immortals she led responded in unison.


 Duke Long pondered before saying: “We will kill Shadow Sect before eliminating the righteous path. But if anyone tries to leave the battlefield, no matter who, we will exterminate them!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower pressed down on the battlefield like an imposing mountain with vast power.


 The chaotic battlefield froze.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower had the greatest battle strength, its movement decided the flow of this battle.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals’ hearts were pounding.


 Heavenly Court... these were Central Continent Gu Immortals, were they reinforcements?


 Shadow Sect’s side fell into panic.


 Evidently, Heavenly Court and Shadow Sect were enemies.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, looking at rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower, he frowned deeply.


 He had somewhat expected this to happen.


 “Heavenly Court appeared again, the situation is horrible. They actually rebuilt Heaven Overseeing Tower in such a short time! I wonder how many rank eight Gu Immortals came this time!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s appearance was a huge blow to Fang Yuan’s plans.


 But thankfully, Fang Yuan was inside the super Gu formation, it could defend against Heaven Overseeing Tower’s might.


 Fang Yuan had the experience of battling against Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Even if the strongest attack from fate Gu was used, Fang Yuan estimated that this super Gu formation could endure one attack!


 Fang Yuan decided to observe for now, but Purple Mountain True Monarch could not do nothing.


 He was a rank eight wisdom path Gu Immortal, how could he not have backup plans?


 Purple Mountain True Monarch transmitted: “Zuo Ye Hui, according to our agreement, your enemy is here, what are you waiting for? They are from Heavenly Court!”


 “Heavenly Court?!” Legendary immemorial desolate beast Zuo Ye Hui heard this as its body shuddered, intense rage and hatred could be seen in its eyes.


 This rage and hatred was embedded into its soul, even after a million years, it still felt this deeply.


 “Heavenly Court!!” Zuo Ye Hui roared, the sound waves burst out and swept an immense surrounding area.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, vast darkness burs tout from Zuo Ye Hui’s body. Its body was huge to begin with, now, under the cover of the dark mist, it became increasingly terrifying.


 Next, its legs bent as its body arched, it bared its teeth and stomped the ground.


 Bam.


 There was an intense sound, the ground shook harshly.


 A huge pit was created under Zuo Ye Hui, while it shot out like an arrow, through the sky, towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower burst out with power, but Zuo Ye Hui was covered in dark mist, it was evidently an immortal killer move, allowing it to fly and defend itself.


 Zuo Ye Hui moved like a bamboo spear or a huge meteorite, in a few breaths of time, it traveled a hundred li, arriving at Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 “Hmph! Insolent fool.” Duke Long snorted in disdain, his majestic body shook as his thoughts collided, Heaven Overseeing Tower burst out with an intense white light.


 At once, the world turned white.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s strongest method — Fate Vanquish!


 Rank nine Immortal Gu Fate’s power was unrivaled.


 There was no way of dodging. As long as one was not rank nine, no matter how powerful, they would lose to this move.


 Light was everywhere.


 White light.


 Filling the world from all directions.


 The Gu Immortals exposed to the light, be it righteous path or demonic path, coughed out blood. They were instantly heavily injured, most fainted on the spot.


 At once, half the battlefield was cleared.


 There were some Gu Immortals who were shielded by the dream realm, they were not exposed to the light and were saved.


 With a loud sound, even Zuo Ye Hui could not block the attack of Fate, it crashed to the ground.


 It coughed out blood, but soon, it crawled up and opened its mouth, roaring at Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 In Heaven Overseeing Tower, the Central Continent Gu Immortals all had shocked expressions.


 Even Duke Long was surprised.


 Zuo Ye Hui did not die from fate vanquish, that was normal. It was far sturdier than normal Immortal Gu Houses, and had incredible regenerative properties.


 Zuo Ye Hui was the problem of Southern Border for ages, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had mobilized Immortal Gu Houses to kill it, but could not, they only defeated it.


 But Zuo Ye Hui’s injury was far less severe than Duke Long’s expectations.


 Gu Immortals could cultivate, so could Zuo Ye Hui. After all these years, Zuo Ye Hui had been getting stronger. Moreover, it was helped by Shadow Sect this time. Purple Mountain True Monarch purposely lent it a lot of Immortal Gu and large numbers of immortal killer moves, Zuo Ye Hui was fully armed.


 Zuo Ye Hui stood up again, half of its injuries had healed.


 This was a terrifying recovery speed!


 It pounced at Heaven Overseeing Tower again fearlessly.


 A cold light shined in Duke Long’s eyes, he used fate vanquish again.


 Zuo Ye Hui was hit and landed on the ground again, but soon, it stood up, even though it was injured again, it was full of vitality.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were intensely shocked.


 “This is the battle strength of a legendary immemorial desolate beast? It is truly stunning!”


 “It is a bit troublesome.” Fairy Zi Wei had a grim expression. Zuo Ye Hui’s battle strength was out of her imagination, even though Heaven Overseeing Tower had fate vanquish, it could not be used consecutively.


 After all, rank nine Immortal Gu Fate still had injuries on it.



***
Chapter 1360 - Fang Yuan’s Desperate Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Roar!


 Zuo Ye Hui growled, this time, it flew to the sky, and stayed in midair to attack Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Duke Long sneered, activating Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Turn phantom!


 Zuo Ye Hui missed its target.


 The entirety of Heaven Overseeing Tower, including the Gu Immortals inside, turned phantom. Normal methods could not hit them at all.


 “This is on purpose? To lure me to attack?” Purple Mountain True Monarch, who was concealed, saw this as bright light flashed in his eyes.


 Shadow Sect had methods to counter the phantom form.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch did not act against the phantom Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Because he was not Spectral Soul’s main body, he did not have all the Immortal Gu needed to counter the phantom form. Even if he used them, against Heaven Overseeing Tower, it was too inefficient.


 “He did not act?” Duke Long thought to himself.


 In the past, during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Spectral Soul had sealed the phantom Heaven Overseeing Tower and prevented it from returning to solid.


 Duke Long had specially prepared well against this killer move, but Purple Mountain True Monarch was really patient, he did not do anything.


 Duke Long controlled the phantom Heaven Overseeing Tower and tried to get closer to the dream realm.


 Once the huge Heaven Overseeing Tower entered the dream realm, it started to fade from its phantom form, some Gu worms by the fringe were devoured by the dream realm.


 “Phantom methods are useless too.” Duke Long’s heart shook, bringing Heaven Overseeing Tower away from the dream realm.


 This was the first time Duke Long was seeing an actual dream realm.


 This was something related to Great Dream Immortal Venerable, Duke Long was quite surprised.


 Even though Heaven Overseeing Tower was in phantom form, the dream realm still devoured a corner of it. The Central Continent Gu Immortals in Heaven Overseeing Tower were quickly trying to repair it.


 “Without any dream path methods, even Heaven Overseeing Tower will get lost inside the dream realm.” Duke Long concluded.


 One skill to dominate the world!


 Back then, Ying Wu Xie with Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique could use lead soul into dream killer move and directly make Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord go to sleep.


 Evidently, even the powerful rank nine Immortal Gu House could not defend against the might of dream path.


 Unless it was an Immortal Gu House with dream path Immortal Gu, normal Immortal Gu Houses would get lost in the dream realm without resistance.


 “This means, this battlefield is not good for Heaven Overseeing Tower to fight. Heaven Overseeing Tower is too big, it is far less agile than Gu Immortals fighting alone.” Duke Long looked at the growling Zuo Ye Hui as light flashed in his eyes.


 At this moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower returned to solid form as Zuo Ye Hui chased after it.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower turned and accelerated, rushing towards a dream realm.


 Zuo Ye Hui flew in the sky, moving even more quickly, its huge body was like a black cloud, winds were wild as it moved towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 “Oh no!” Purple Mountain True Monarch saw this and quickly stopped it.


 A mystical light flew out and landed on Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s speed slowed, it became illusory as ripples appeared, like it was the surface of water.


 “Fake?” Zuo Ye Hui quickly stopped.


 It almost went into the dream realm.


 The dream realm was incredibly dangerous to Zuo Ye Hui as well.


 Behind it, the real Heaven Overseeing Tower appeared.


 “Hehehe.” Duke Long stood at the top of the tower, his dragon eyes looking coldly at a certain place.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch sighed, knowing that this was a trap.


 Duke Long was seemingly trying to trap Zuo Ye Hui, but the truth was, he wanted to find out Purple Mountain True Monarch’s location.


 But even if Purple Mountain True Monarch knew of Duke Long’s plans, he had no choice but to act.


 Because Zuo Ye Hui was too valuable of a fighting force, it could not be lost, Shadow Sect needed it to defend against Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 “Lingering split soul of Spectral Soul, hmph, I will kill him. Fairy Zi Wei, go deal with that super Gu formation and kill Fang Yuan. The others will control Heaven Overseeing Tower and leave this place. Zuo Ye Hui will surely follow, I do not need success, I just do not want failure.” Duke Long ordered, as everyone responded.


 With the roar of a dragon, Duke Long turned into a mystical light and charged at Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Meanwhile, Fairy Zi Wei charged at the super Gu formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower brought the Central Continent Gu Immortals and flew into the sky, leaving the battlefield.


 Zuo Ye Hui looked at Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, and finally, Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 It knew that it was highly restricted in this battlefield because of its size, and because it liked to move around fast.


 Meanwhile, Heaven Overseeing Tower had an aura that it detested, and was the symbol of Heaven Overseeing Tower, it had a deep desire to destroy this tower.


 Duke Long flew in the sky, turning into a phantom shadow as he appeared before Purple Mountain True Monarch instantly.


 He had a tall and majestic body, the dragon horn on his head was sharp and imposing, his dragon pupils revealed dominance and indifference.


 Boom boom boom!


 Purple Mountain True Monarch fought Duke Long.


 A few breaths later, Purple Mountain True Monarch could not fight on par with him, he had to run away.


 “You will die today.” Duke Long roared, chasing relentlessly.


 In the super Gu formation, Fang Yuan was breaking out in cold sweat.


 He realized that he had fallen into a trap!


 “Heaven’s will! It was actually hiding in... no, rather than that...” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to pin size, sweat poured down his face.


 At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei had already arrived in front of the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan calmed himself down, activating the super Gu formation and defending against this enemy.


 “This Gu formation is not bad.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined with purple light, she observed the super Gu formation and nodded: “It is a pity, there is a flaw, these Gu worms are of different sources, the user of the Gu formation is borrowing other people’s Immortal Gu, but this can be used by me.”


 As she said that, she raised her right hand, which was holding an Immortal Gu House.


 Star Constellation Chessboard!


 This Immortal Gu House was personally created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it was possibly the smallest Immortal Gu House in the world.


 When the chessboard was activated, it changed into crystal starlight that filled the sky.


 Starlight moved around like fireflies, surrounding Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s human body was assimilated by this starlight, turning into starlight and joining them.


 The starlight expanded slightly, pouncing at the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan was already vigilantly waiting, he activated the Gu formation and attacked the starlight.


 But the starlight completely ignored the Gu formation’s attack, it started to infiltrate the super Gu formation.


 Originally, this super Gu formation was shining in four profound colors of red, green, blue, and black. But now, with the invasion of the starlight, these four lights weakened as starlight mixed in, Fang Yuan felt a sense of sluggishness from the super Gu formation.


 “Fang Yuan, you were an otherworldly demon chosen by heaven’s will and tasked to save the people of this world. Even though you destroyed Shadow Sect’s heaven defying plan, you took a wrong step and betrayed the righteous path, entering the demonic path and becoming enemies with the world. If you admit your mistake now and surrender, I will leave you with a complete corpse, I will make a biography for you after death so that your name will go down in history as a lesson for the future.”


 At this time, Fairy Zi Wei’s voice came from the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan laughed as he said: “This is truly an incredible scheme by heaven’s will!”


 As he said that, he tried to activate the super Gu formation.


 The Gu formation was still under his control, but it was getting incredibly hard to use, some mortal Gu by the fringe were vanishing from Fang Yuan’s control.


 Evidently, Fairy Zi Wei was fighting with him over the control of this super Gu formation.


 “Stubborn fool.” Fairy Zi Wei had a cold voice, seeing Fang Yuan’s struggle, she put in more effort.


 The starlight shining in the super Gu formation became brighter.


 “Heavenly Court knows my identity, this proves my conjecture.”


 “I cannot take back dark limit Immortal Gu anymore, as time passes, the super Gu formation will go under Heavenly Court’s control.”


 “What do I do? Do I discard the super Gu formation and activate reverse flow protection seal to escape?”


 “No!”


 “Heavenly Court has fought with me before, they definitely know about reverse flow protection seal.”


 “Since they want to eliminate both me and Shadow Sect, how could they not consider the element of reverse flow protection seal?”


 “Heavenly Court wants to see me rely solely on this move. If my killer move is broken, I will face a backlash, I will lose all my battle strength and even die immediately!”


 “What should I do?”


 Thoughts moved in Fang Yuan’s mind like a huge storm was brewing.


 It was a desperate situation.


 Fang Yuan thought of how he could leave the battlefield.


 There was no way!


 He could not otherwise escape. His only hope was reverse flow protection seal.


 “Should I bet that Heavenly Court has no method against reverse flow protection seal?”


 Fang Yuan had a bitter expression.


 He knew that the chances were slim in this regard.


 As for the upper extreme heavenly eagle?


 Fang Yuan did not have heavenly crystals, the upper extreme heavenly eagle could not become an immemorial desolate beast.


 Even if he had a lot of heavenly crystals, an immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle may not be under his control.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was prideful and only submitted to strong experts, there was a huge chance of betrayal. Just that slight relationship it had with Fang Yuan was fragile and unreliable.


 “There are two ways of stalling.” Fang Yuan thought of two methods.


 The first was to bring out Reverse Flow River and placed himself inside like a fortress.


 The second was to put himself in his immortal aperture, placing in Southern Border and closing his immortal aperture’s entrance shut.


 But both methods only stalled for time, they could not change the situation.


 If Fang Yuan used these methods, he would be giving up the initiative.


 This was very dangerous.


 The only hope in these two methods letting Fang Yuan escape was Southern Border’s righteous path reinforcements.


 If Southern Border’s Gu Immortals could repel Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan might be able to escape.


 But Heavenly Court was not stupid or weak.


 The overall strength of Southern Border’s righteous path was definitely stronger than the group from Central Continent that was here. But whether the reinforcements could handle Heaven Overseeing Tower and Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, that was uncertain.


 Even if they won and Heavenly Court was chased away, could Fang Yuan continue to be Wu Yi Hai?


 How could that be possible!


 Since Heavenly Court knew his identity, they just needed a few words to get Southern Border to turn on Fang Yuan.


 Wu Yi Hai’s identity could not last if the entire Southern Border righteous path was investigating it.



***
Chapter 1361 - Purple Mountain True Monarch versus Duke Long


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Swish, swish!


 Killing intent surged, two figures flew rapidly between dream realms.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch against Duke Long!


 They were extremely fast, like meteors in the sky, but they were incredibly agile like snakes.


 Boom boom boom!


 As both sides fought, explosions could be heard.


 Waves of air currents crashed imposingly, but after getting to any dream realm, they dissipated.


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals fought, one was a first generation split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, having cultivated for a hundred thousand years. The other was unknown in history, but was a legend of Heavenly Court, having quasi-rank nine power.


 Undeniably, the fight between these two was the core and essence of this battle of the giant dream realm battle, and was the most intense.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower and Zuo Ye Hui collided, it was far less important than the fight between those two.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes flickered with crystal purple light, his arms were stretched out as small rocks resembling charcoal appeared around his body.


 The rocks flew out and became larger in the air, the surface of the rocks burned with raging red flames.


 Thousands of fiery rocks charged at Duke Long like a meteorite storm.


 Duke Long took the attack head on, not dodging.


 As the fiery rocks hit his body, he was surrounded by a light resembling a cloud.


 The cloud light did not move, but soon, Duke Long found that a fire was burning inside his mind.


 His thoughts were moving, but the fire was burning up these thoughts.


 The cloud light needed to be maintained by Duke Long, thoughts about it were constantly created. Now that they were burned, this defense was gone.


 The fiery rocks thus landed harshly on Duke Long’s body.


 At once, there were loud sounds as fiery rocks landed on Duke Long’s muscular and tall iron-like body, like eggs, these fiery rocks broke and shattered, exploding as sparks poured out along with rock fragments.


 Duke Long continued to charge, his body had a terrifying accumulation of dao marks, he also had defensive methods similar to Bi Chen Tian’s wood armor and Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment.


 His aura was shocking, like a wild dragon in human form, he endured Purple Mountain True Monarch’s attacks as he moved unceasingly.


 His dragon eyes were cold and indifferent, Duke Long had no expression except a cold look.


 He did not frown, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal killer move seemed like a gust of wind, harmless and weak.


 Duke Long had a very powerful disposition, Purple Mountain True Monarch was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he focused on his tactic, he retreated as he fought.


 The fiery rocks could do nothing to Duke Long, but Purple Mountain True Monarch was smirking.


 He stretched out his left index finger, pointing at Duke Long who was chasing after him.


 Immediately, flowers bloomed.


 On Duke Long’s body, countless flowers grew out of nowhere.


 Fresh flowers blossomed, thousands of them covered Duke Long’s body.


 Duke Long had a strong body with shocking defense, but when the flowers bloomed, his expression finally changed.


 “Consecutive move.”


 For the first time, Duke Long stopped his chase as he floated in the air.


 Even though he was flying at a rapid speed, he could immediately stop moving, anyone would sigh at his amazing movement method, and his incredibly strong physique.


 The flowers were blooming at an increasing rate on Duke Long’s body.


 The petals were tender and fragile, but they were a huge problem to Duke Long.


 Duke Long stretched out his right hand, he grabbed into a fist and after a while, opened his hand.


 Poof.


 With an explosive sound, his right hand burst out with countless faint pale air currents.


 These air currents were like threads flying in the sky, circulating around Duke Long’s entire body continuously.


 Waves of air currents were like sharp blades, getting rid of the flowers on his body.


 At once, flower petals floated in the air, as these flowers were eradicated.


 The air currents seemed weak, but were extremely sharp, after a few breaths of time, the flowers on Duke Long were all wiped out.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch saw this and his pupils shrunk.


 Duke Long’s killer move was incredible sharp, it was not about the mass of the air currents, but the technique involved in manipulating them that was extremely profound.


 Originally, this was a method to deal with enemies, but Duke Long controlled it for use on himself. If he was careless, he would get injured.


 But Duke Long was proficient and daring, he was extremely confident in this move, he could use it like moving his fingers, many of the air currents grazed his skin and clothing, but he was completely unharmed, he had complete control of his actions, it was truly superb.


 However, with this amount of time, Purple Mountain True Monarch was ready with his move.


 Immortal killer moves had difficulties in activation. If Zhao Lian Yun was in Purple Mountain True Monarch’s position, she might likely fail her activation of the killer move.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch was incredibly experienced and resolute, he used this chance without doubt.


 An immortal killer move was activated.


 Illusions appeared, surrounding Purple Mountain True Monarch, there were dozens of purple light illusions.


 These illusions were still increasing, one turned into four while four turned into ten, they formed into a huge army.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s true body was concealed as the purple light illusion army charged at Duke Long.


 Duke Long snorted coldly, his right hand turned into a dragon claw as he waved.


 Claw marks appeared in the air out of nowhere, they were several meters long, everywhere they went, purple light illusions collapsed.


 Next, Duke Long’s left hand also turned into a dragon claw, he slashed at another area as the marks extended, almost creating wounds in space.


 The purple light illusions were quickly eradicated, Duke Long’s dragon eyes shined as a mystical light surrounded a secluded space.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch knew that his location was exposed, he came out.


 Both sides were standing in the air, with the backdrop of countless messy dream realms, they were a thousand steps apart.


 “It seems that after such a long time of sleeping, you’re still able to keep up with the times.” Purple Mountain True Monarch said plainly, he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, his long robe was fluttering as his purple hair swayed, his gaze was focused and he was in his top condition.


 “I practised a bit recently. The times are always changing, there were too many geniuses in the last million years, there are simply too many new incredible methods now.” Duke Long sighed.


 He sighed before continuing: “Alright, enough with these petty tricks, the probing is over, let’s use our real methods now.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch smiled, nodding: “Indeed.”


 At the next moment, both of them collided like two flashes of lightning.


 Boom boom boom...


 Dazzling rainbow lights shone like fireworks, when used, the surrounding dream realms became even more illusory and enchanting.


 “These two fellows, seriously...” Fang Yuan was observing the battlefield with the super Gu formation.


 After observing Purple Mountain True Monarch’s and Duke Long’s fight, Fang Yuan was speechless.


 “Both of them are rank eight Gu Immortals, and not ordinary ones at that, they are simply too strong!”


 “Normally speaking, when Gu Immortals first fight, they would use mortal Gu and mortal killer moves. Only when they fight seriously will they use Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves. But these two directly used immortal killer moves to probe each other.”


 “These two have at least great grandmaster attainment level. Be it the fiery rocks, flowers, or the air currents and cloud light, they are all mimicry of other paths.”


 “If I do not use reverse flow protection seal, I would lose terribly in one move.”


 “So intense!”


 “The two of them are fighting with greater intensity now, their firepower has increased!”


 Information was very important to Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan used the super Gu formation to observe them, he had huge gains.


 Be it Purple Mountain True Monarch or Duke Long, Fang Yuan was not their match. Even if he used reverse flow protection seal, he would only passively take a beating.


 As a matter of fact, during the battle of Northern Plains’ Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan was able to escape because of the chaotic situation.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan used the regional wall to escape from dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu.


 “With my own strength, it is hard to escape from such a situation, hope is slim!” Fang Yuan’s frown deepened.


 At this moment, his expression changed.


 It turned out that in his immortal aperture, an information path Gu worm brought words from Wu Yong.


 “Wu Yong did not die, Qiao Zhi Cai and Tie Mian Shen are alive too, they are only trapped for the time being. They are trying to get here with an Immortal Gu House!”


 Wu Yong told Fang Yuan to hold on and hold onto his life, it was fine even if he escaped.


 He even told Fang Yuan that Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You, was also bringing an Immortal Gu House here as backup, but he was still farther away than Wu Yong.


 Not just the two of them, the other super forces also sent their Immortal Gu Houses.


 Southern Border’s righteous path super clans were in conflict, but after hearing Wu Yong’s words about the giant dream realm’s situation, they immediately went into ceasefire and worked together, gathering and moving towards the giant dream realm.


 Looking at the entirety of Southern Border from a bird’s eye view, Yi Tian Mountain was at the center of Southern Border towards the west, while the super forces were scattered in all directions, all heading towards the center.


 Fang Yuan had a complex expression.


 If he was Wu Yi Hai, upon hearing this, he would be overjoyed and have improved morale.


 But he was not.


 He was Fang Yuan.


 Once Southern Border’s reinforcements came, Heavenly Court would expose his identity, chaos would ensue, Fang Yuan would be all alone.


 “As for Wu Yong...” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This brother, his biggest backer, would turn into an extremely strong enemy chasing after him in the future.


 Fang Yuan killed the real Wu Yi Hai, even if Wu Yong did not care about his brother and did not want revenge, because of his righteous path status, he needed to take revenge and kill Fang Yuan.


 One could say, Fang Yuan and Wu Yong had an unresolvable conflict.


 “Wu clan actually had another Immortal Gu House! Wu Yong was really good at concealing himself. But even though he is very fast, as the closest reinforcement around, he still needs at least a day to get here.”


 Fang Yuan rapidly calculated.


 When the reinforcements arrived and Heavenly Court exposed Fang Yuan’s identity, would he be able to escape amidst the chaos?



***
Chapter 1362 - For Now… Cooperate


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hope was slim.


 It was a chaotic three-way battle now.


 Heavenly Court’s forces were number one.


 Shadow Sect was number two because of their rank eight battle strengths, Purple Mountain True Monarch and Zuo Ye Hui.


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces were third, even with the super Gu formation, it was stationary and even Fairy Zi Wei’s Star Constellation Chessboard could infiltrate it.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was a Southern Border righteous path member on the surface, but the truth was, he was closer to Shadow Sect’s side, he was a unique person.


 Based on the battle situation, Heavenly Court and Southern Border’s righteous path were attacking Shadow Sect.


 Shadow Sect was unable to rival Heavenly Court, now that they were attacked by another side, they were in the worst position.


 “One day, it takes at least one day to get here.”


 “In this current situation, if the situation continues like this, I cannot hold on until then.”


 “Moreover, once Shadow Sect falls, Heavenly Court and Southern Border’s righteous path would deal with me, the traitor, together.”


 “Shadow Sect’s loss is just one aspect, this super Gu formation is also unable to hold on for a day!”


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, he looked at this super Gu formation worriedly.


 Because of Chi Qu You’s design, this super Gu formation’s second layer could only be controlled by one person, others were useless. Thus, even if Fang Yuan intended to recall the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, they were unable to resist Fairy Zi Wei’s invasion.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan’s identity was a problem.


 If these Southern Border Gu Immortals learned about Fang Yuan’s true identity from Heavenly Court, regardless of whether they believed it or not, or whatever action they take, it meant there would be unknown danger for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had naturally thought of the first layer of the Gu formation.


 This super Gu formation had four layers, Fang Yuan was only controlling the second layer, there was still a first layer.


 If Fairy Zi Wei succeeded, Fang Yuan would destroy the second layer of the Gu formation, in theory, he could activate the first layer and resist her.


 But, according to Chi Gui’s information path Gu worm, the user of this first layer must be a Chi clan Gu Immortal.


 This was Chi Qu You’s personal arrangement, from his perspective, he naturally placed his clan’s benefits first.


 The first layer of the Gu formation had many ways to detect identities, Fang Yuan could disguise himself if it was bloodline.


 But unfortunately for him.


 One of the methods was about life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not leave any life tablet Gu or soul lantern Gu in Chi clan.


 Regarding this, Fang Yuan could only sigh, he cursed helplessly in his mind: “Chi Qu You, this old dog!”


 A rank eight Gu Immortal, how could he be simple?


 When Chi Qu You designed it, he naturally did not think of this complex situation. But now, it was Fang Yuan’s greatest restriction. It was like a dead end, Fang Yuan was getting closer and closer to it.


 But Chi Qu You’s move was undoubtedly the best one he could have made.


 It was a huge assurance to Chi clan.


 Fang Yuan had to ensure that Chi clan’s Gu Immortals did not die out completely, especially Chi Gui, if anything dangerous happened, he needed to teleport him back using the super Gu formation.


 With Chi Gui, there would be the first layer of the Gu formation.


 As for what attitude Chi Gui would have and how he would treat Fang Yuan, it was a mystery.


 Unless he was completely helpless, Fang Yuan would not make use of Chi Gui.


 The situation was complex, three sides were fighting, Fang Yuan had a special status, even though he was in the Southern Border righteous path camp, it was not reliable.


 There were too many variables now.


 He was using wisdom path methods too.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was full of churning thoughts, his brain was going to emit smoke at this rate!


 How could he escape?


 This was an unsolved problem.


 “Spring Autumn Cicada?” A thought appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind before he denied the possibility.


 He could not use Spring Autumn Cicada no matter what.


 Heaven’s will was inside it, the risk of failure was nearly certain.


 A few times, Fang Yuan was able to rebirth successfully because of the secret help of heaven’s will. But now, he was standing on the opposite side, heaven’s will wanted to eradicate him.


 Using Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth in this situation was simply deluding himself!


 The heaven’s will in Spring Autumn Cicada would directly kill him.


 Using Spring Autumn Cicada was suicide!


 Unless he used Shadow Sect’s method to reverse refine it. But now, how could Fang Yuan find time for that?


 “Wait, no!”


 “I can use time path methods to accelerate the time of my immortal aperture. This way, I can give up the super Gu formation and hide inside my immortal aperture, to refine Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “No, this won’t do, there are calamities and tribulations.”


 “If I accelerate the immortal aperture’s time, calamities and tribulations will descend, heaven’s will would control them and make it much more difficult.”


 “And my time path attainment level is too low, I have no guarantee in this, to successfully purify Spring Autumn Cicada under such restrictions.”


 “And this method requires me to give up the super Gu formation, it is simply an idiotic way of crippling myself.”


 This would not do.


 Fate was too vicious, as if there was no way to survive.


 But Fang Yuan did not give up.


 He continued to persevere.


 His determination did not waver, even though his pressure was intense, even though Fairy Zi Wei had not stopped her invasion of the super Gu formation.


 Persevere!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with vigor, he was not afraid, he was very calm in his mind.


 This was not his first desperate situation, in fact, he had many such encounters.


 In this world, cultivating and fighting for one’s life, no matter what choices one made, there were risks involved.


 Once one started moving up, like climbing a mountain, how could there be gains and growth without any risks?


 Even the powerful Old Ancestor Xue Hu, the number one battle strength in Northern Plains (publicly), had taken a risk, causing Snowy Mountain, hundreds of years of his hard work, to be destroyed. His plan of refining Fortune Rivalling Heaven completely failed, Reverse Flow River was taken away, and even his wife, Lady Wan Shou, was injured.


 Or look at Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang, these rank eight great experts, they were such high and mighty existences. But in the end, they died in another region, even their ruined corpses were lost, unable to return home.


 And Sword Immortal Bo Qing, as well as Feng Jiu Ge, who died from attacking Lang Ya blessed land back in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life...


 Fang Yuan was not Ma Hong Yun, he was not the child of luck, compared to everyone above, he was extremely ordinary.


 In fact, Ma Hong Yun died too, even with Fortune Rivalling Heaven’s protection.


 Heaven and earth were impartial, treating all beings as pawns. No matter how talented one was, or how extraordinary the Gu Immortal was, in this world, they were just a life form, ordinary and simple, they were all treated equally.


 His five hundred years of experience, compared to heaven and earth, what could it amount to?


 His experience and deep schemes were just the result of having experienced the callous nature of this world, and having understood the ways of human minds.


 Humans had limits, who had never made a mistake? Even rank nine venerables were no exception, even Ren Zu was deceived by wisdom Gu.


 Conversely, heaven’s will was vast, it controlled the situation, the power of heaven and earth was limitless.


 Defying heaven as a human, how hard was that!


 Such feelings were not just in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 Ying Wu Xie felt very similarly.


 He was fighting.


 His enemy was a rank seven righteous path Gu Immortal, at this moment, the rank six immortal zombie Ying Wu Xie had the disadvantage.


 Even though he had incredible immortal killer moves, his opponent was so strong, Ying Wu Xie was just barely able to stay on par with him.


 After an intense chaotic battle, Ying Wu Xie was left to fight alone, the situation was dangerous.


 Soul beast summoning!


 Ying Wu Xie unleashed his immortal killer move, three ancient soul beasts surrounded his body again.


 But his enemy, a Xia clan rank seven Gu Immortal, laughed mockingly.


 Not long ago, when he first faced the soul beast summoning killer move, he was flustered.


 But now, after gaining experience, the Xia clan Gu Immortal found a way to counter the ancient soul beasts.


 Using the dream realms.


 Ancient soul beasts had low intelligence, with just some schemes, the Xia clan Gu Immortal was able to lure these soul beasts towards dream realms.


 Once the soul entered the dream realm, they were meat on the chopping block.


 Soul beasts were souls that became solid bodies.


 Making full use of the battlefield was part of the qualities that made up a Gu Immortal’s battle strength.


 Soon, the ancient soul beasts that Ying Wu Xie painstakingly summoned were dealt with by the Xia clan Gu Immortal.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly on the inside, he could not get free, he had to rely on external help now.


 But at this moment, his expression froze, he received Sixth Hair’s letter — Fang Yuan wanted to cooperate with Shadow Sect!


 Ever since Purple Mountain True Monarch awakened and took over control, he had contacted Fang Yuan, asking to work together.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan had been wary of Shadow Sect’s information path methods, even though they had their respective needs, they did not make any progress in cooperation.


 Ying Wu Xie did not expect that Fang Yuan would seek cooperation with Shadow Sect now.


 “It’s too late!” The bitterness in Ying Wu Xie’s heart intensified.


 Too late.


 It was too late.


 He did not know where Fang Yuan was, but Shadow Sect had already started the mission to save the main body!


 Sixth Hair transmitted that Fang Yuan needed an information path Gu worm to communicate with Ying Wu Xie.


 Fang Yuan could not interact with Shadow Sect directly, they needed Sixth Hair as the middleman.


 This was because communication information path Gu came in pairs.


 This way, clues to each others’ whereabouts were left behind. It was easy to deduce their locations from this.


 “Give it to him.” Ying Wu Xie thought and did not reject it.


 Next, Fang Yuan’s voice resounded in Ying Wu Xie’s mind: “You are in a sorry state, Ying Wu Xie, the Xia clan immortal is about to kill you. What about lead soul into dream? Aren’t you using it?”


 Ying Wu Xie heard these words and his eyes widened, he was extremely shocked.


 “Fang Yuan!” He transmitted: “You are here in this battlefield?”


 “What do you think?” Fang Yuan chuckled: “Stop using soul beast summoning randomly, you have already used it three times, the effect is getting worse, you are only increasing the risk and wasting your immortal essence.”


 Ying Wu Xie shook: “Fang Yuan, you are here indeed! Damn it, you actually made your way in, since when? Wait, is my opponent you?!”


 “If that was me, you would be dead already. Enough idle chatter, let’s...” Fang Yuan paused: “Cooperate!”



***
Chapter 1363 - Biggest Traitor in Southern Border’s Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Cooperation?”


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s suggestion, a complex expression appeared on Ying Wu Xie’s face uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan’s and Shadow Sect’s relationship was very intertwined and complex.


 As a half otherworldly demon, Fang Yuan was once heaven’s will’s tool, sent back to destroy Shadow Sect’s plan in a last ditch attempt.


 Fang Yuan, who successfully obtained the sovereign immortal aperture, was enemies with Shadow Sect, they were at a complete conflict.


 During the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect lost entirely, they wanted to tear Fang Yuan to pieces.


 But Fang Yuan made good use of his time, and the advantage of the sovereign immortal body to get stronger, he started to hunt Ying Wu Xie and gang.


 If Ying Wu Xie and the others did not have a good grasp of time or excellent methods to escape, they would have died at Fang Yuan’s hands already.


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan was already able to match rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Shadow Sect was now led by Purple Mountain True Monarch, they changed their tactics, seeking cooperation with Fang Yuan. This was a crucial turning point in their relationship.


 Precisely because of this, at this moment, when Fang Yuan initiated the cooperation, Ying Wu Xie nodded, replying: “Then let’s work together.”


 Ying Wu Xie was not against working together.


 Or rather, he was once against and hated the idea when Purple Mountain True Monarch mentioned it, he did not understand why.


 But people change.


 If this was during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Ying Wu Xie was new to life, he knew nothing, he would not consider working with his enemy.


 When Shadow Sect was strong, Fang Yuan was weak as an ant, Ying Wu Xie would never work with Fang Yuan.


 After losing in Yi Tian Mountain, Ying Wu Xie hated Fang Yuan, there was no way for them to cooperate. Ying Wu Xie only wanted to regain Shadow Sect’s former glory.


 But as Fang Yuan grew stronger and went after Ying Wu Xie multiple times, Ying Wu Xie started to feel deep wariness in his heart. Recently, when Fang Yuan chased them to Northern Plains, other than wariness, Ying Wu Xie also felt fear towards Fang Yuan.


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Ying Wu Xie developed a new emotion towards Fang Yuan.


 That was — admiration.


 Fang Yuan did what Ying Wu Xie was unable to do, he was truly worthy of being chosen by heaven’s will to return to the past and disrupt Shadow Sect’s plans.


 “It is not that I am not strong, but that my enemy is Fang Yuan!” Ying Wu Xie had such a thought and realized that his losses were not that unacceptable.


 “How are we going to cooperate? I can’t hang on anymore.” Ying Wu Xie said directly.


 Fang Yuan frowned, Ying Wu Xie had a very direct attitude, Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 “Of course I will help you people first, Heavenly Court is too strong, there is only hope if we work together.” Fang Yuan sighed, transmitting to the Xia clan Gu Immortal who was fighting Ying Wu Xie.


 “Retreat? Why must I retreat? I already know about my enemy’s weaknesses, I can win this.” The Xia clan Gu Immortal was very confused.


 “A Yao clan Gu Immortal is in great danger, you need to help him. Quickly go, I am overseeing the entire battlefield, how can you understand the big picture like me?” Fang Yuan said without politeness.


 The Xia clan Gu Immortal was very unhappy, but because of Wu Yi Hai’s status, and the fact that he was in control of the super Gu formation, he snorted in his mind before leaving.


 “How are you going to help me? Quickly do something!” Ying Wu Xie urged, but suddenly, his eyes widened as he looked at his opponent in shock, he retreated while having a discontent gaze at Ying Wu Xie, rapidly flying away.


 “Stop making a fuss, I already helped you.” Fang Yuan said at an appropriate timing.


 Ying Wu Xie heart shook, asking: “Didn’t you say that was not you?! Is he one of your subordinates?”


 “Enough pointless chatter, tell me, what is Shadow Sect’s plan? Don’t tell me you have no backup plans.” Fang Yuan immediately asked.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly, replying: “Of course we do, our backup is me.”


 Rumble!


 An intense explosion occurred, from the raging air currents, Purple Mountain True Monarch flew out of the endless profound lights as he charged down.


 “Why are you escaping? Fight me!” Behind him, Duke Long chased.


 His long hair was fluttering, his muscular body had changed, not only were his dragon horns sharper and longer now, his hands had turned into dragon claws, his dragon tail was waving behind him, his skin was covered with a layer of dragon scales.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch looked pathetic, but his gaze was clear like water.


 “Duke Long, history states that he cultivated qi path primarily, but because of his lacking lifespan, he also cultivated transformation path.” Purple Mountain True Monarch analyzed in his mind.


 “Just his transformation path methods are already so powerful, as expected of someone on par with Bo Qing.”


 “Let him try this move.”


 Thinking of this, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s body shook, he turned around agilely, flying upwards.


 At the same time, his ten fingers fluttered like he was playing a zither.


 Swish swish swish...


 And endless stream of purple starlight specks shot out of his fingers, piercing through space and attacking Duke Long.


 These starlight specks were extremely dazzling, not only were they fast, they flew in the air with a trail of light behind them, it was extremely beautiful.


 Duke Long grunted, he felt that these purple starlight specks were not simple.


 He quickly used his attacking methods against them.


 But these purple starlight specks were very agile, they quickly dodged Duke Long’s attacks as they aimed directly at him.


 Duke Long saw this and praised in his mind: “As expected of a wisdom path cultivator, his immortal killer moves are agile and nimble, especially this move, it is extremely refined. I cannot compare to him in this aspect.”


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals had endless thoughts, they were most skilled in controlling immortal killer moves, and creating attacks of varying styles.


 “Why must I get bogged down? It is wiser to make use of my advantages.” Duke Long ignored these purple starlight specks, using his powerful defense to take on the starlight specks and charging ahead fearlessly.


 Seeing this, mysterious light shined in Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes.


 “He finally fell into my trap.”


 It turned out that his move had a hidden effect. Upon contact with any immortal killer move, it would transmit some fragmented information to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Countless fragmented pieces of information would combine and expose the secrets of the immortal killer move.


 With enough information, Purple Mountain True Monarch would be able to target Duke Long’s defensive method and retaliate against it.


 Duke Long’s offensive approach after confirming the power of the purple starlight specks suited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s tactic.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had always been feeling troubled by Duke Long’s defense. After getting enough information, Purple Mountain True Monarch used a new immortal killer move.


 He pushed with both palms as large amounts of cloud mist appeared, blocking Duke Long from advancing.


 Duke Long’s dragon eyes flickered with sharp light, after looking at it, he instantly saw the power of this immortal killer move.


 He laughed heartily as he charged into the purple mist.


 Instantly, he lost his sense of direction entirely.


 Duke Long immediately stopped, staying motionless as he opened his mouth, emitting a loud dragon roar.


 The dragon roar reverberated in the entire area, the purple mist became thinner until it faded away.


 Duke Long saw Purple Mountain True Monarch again, he was still retreating, attempting to pull away from Duke Long.


 Duke Long laughed, his figure vanished and appeared before Purple Mountain True Monarch instantly!


 “Eat my fist.” Duke Long shouted loudly, striking with his right fist directly.


 This was not an immortal killer move.


 In such a short time, Duke Long had to maintain his concentration on his various defensive killer moves, he did not activate any other immortal killer moves.


 But with his physical toughness, his normal fist had incredible offensive power.


 Bam.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch could not dodge in time, he was directly hit by Duke Long’s fist.


 But his chest that was punched flickered with profound light, his body was basically unharmed.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had incredible defensive methods too.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was uninjured from Duke Long’s punch, he even used the force of the fist to accelerate his retreat backwards.


 But at the next moment, Duke Long appeared beside Purple Mountain True Monarch again, punching.


 Bam.


 The same scene appeared again, but Duke Long chased relentlessly, no matter where Purple Mountain True Monarch flew to, he could instantly teleport over and punch with his fists.


 Duke Long’s punches rained down endlessly, countless fist shadows enshrouded Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was like a rubber ball, thrown around by Duke Long constantly, he was taking a beating without being able to retaliate.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was flickering with profound light, defending against Duke Long’s fists.


 Soon, Duke Long’s punches were no longer so simple.


 Chaotic dragon fist!


 An immortal killer move was activated.


 But the effect was low.


 Duke Long thought: “My chaotic dragon fist will cause the thoughts in my enemy’s mind to become chaotic if it hits. With a flurry of punches, my opponents will not be able to think, they will only take hits passively. But this effect does not appear on him at all.”


 At Duke Long’s level, he can already achieve the traits of other paths. Duke Long’s transformation path killer move had wisdom path effects.


 But when it was used on a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Purple Mountain True Monarch, it was simply child’s play.


 Duke Long could punch his other enemies with death with chaotic dragon fist, but against Purple Mountain True Monarch, he only had the upper hand.


 While Duke Long was probing Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path attainment, Purple Mountain True Monarch was also analyzing Duke Long.


 Even though he was taking hits, he was calm in his mind, with no hint of panic.


 Wisdom path had three aspects, thoughts, wills, and emotions. Purple Mountain True Monarch had methods to eliminate his negative emotions in battle.


 “Duke Long’s movement is evidently an immortal killer move, allowing him to teleport continuously.”


 “Inside his dragon eyes, there is another immortal killer move with powerful investigative effects.”


 “With my initial deduction, his teleportation does not depend on where he looks. Don’t tell me...”



***
Chapter 1364 - Duke Long Enters Dream


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At the next moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch snapped his fingers.


 An immortal killer move was used, purple halo spread to the range of thousands of steps.


 Duke Long’s figure came to a stop, he could no longer use teleportation to get close to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 “He saw through it, that reaction speed is really fast... wisdom path Gu Immortals are as troublesome as always.” Duke Long stopped his attacks, sighing.


 His movement killer move was used with the dragon roar earlier.


 Wherever the dragon roar reached, he could teleport over using the killer move.


 But there was a time limit.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch saw through this and used his wisdom path methods to mimic the effect of sound path, cleansing his surroundings.


 Duke Long’s movement method could no longer be used, it was ineffective.


 “In that case, try this move.” Duke Long opened his mouth in the air.


 Two teeth fell out, they grew larger with the moving wind.


 In an instant, his two teeth became snow-white dragon fangs that resembled curved blades.


 Duke Long breathed in deeply and after a few breaths of time, used his immortal killer move —


 Spiraling dragon fang!


 Two snow-white dragon fangs shot out rapidly, the speed far surpassed Purple Mountain True Monarch, rapidly approaching him.


 The two curved dragon fang blades spiraled around Purple Mountain True Monarch, each time they hit, there was a dazzling sharp light on Purple Mountain True Monarch’s body.


 “Trying to use this method to restrain me?”


 “Dragon fangs... they are solid, this is different from normal killer moves.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch felt his pressure intensifying.


 The power of the dragon fangs was no small matter, Purple Mountain True Monarch quickly realized that he had to deal with this immortal killer move!


 ...


 “Lord Purple has already used his personal methods, but he is still suppressed by Duke Long.” Ying Wu Xie flew as he observed Purple Mountain True Monarch’s and Duke Long’s battle.


 He had a good angle of the battle, in this complex battlefield, he could actually watch the battle of two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 At the moment, the two were still probing.


 Evidently, Duke Long was stronger than Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 In terms of battle strength, Duke Long was on par with Bo Qing, Purple Mountain True Monarch was naturally weaker. Even though the latter actually had peak rank eight battle strength!


 “Lord Purple’s strength will continue to weaken, because he is constantly using the immortal killer move to create more defective Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and clear the dream realm. During this process, he would need to split his own soul, it is extremely painful!”


 Ying Wu Xie watched with worry.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was not Duke Long’s match to begin with, but he still had to create Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies now. By the time Purple Mountain True Monarch’s methods were fully understood by Duke Long, he would lose.


 “Quick, quick, quick!” Ying Wu Xie urged himself.


 He would not tell this to Fang Yuan of course.


 Even though they were working together, they did not set any information path agreements, Ying Wu Xie did not trust Fang Yuan fully.


 But if they wanted to set an agreement, the situation did not allow them to, and even if they could, Fang Yuan would not do it.


 Both sides wanted to cooperate, but they did not trust each other. But because of the enemy, Heavenly Court, they had to work together!


 “Found it, towards your southeast, there is a cocoon of light about to form, get there quickly.” At this time, Fang Yuan transmitted.


 Ying Wu Xie looked in that direction and felt hesitant.


 If he followed Fang Yuan’s instructions, he had to get deep into the territory of Southern Border’s righteous path. There were many Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals there.


 Was Fang Yuan reliable? Was this a trap?


 Ying Wu Xie could not help but hesitate.


 “If I wanted to harm you, you would have died earlier.” Fang Yuan transmitted, as if he knew what Ying Wu Xie was thinking.


 Ying Wu Xie had to admit that Fang Yuan was right, but he thought: “Maybe Fang Yuan doesn’t want me dead, and wants to capture me alive? If he wants to capture me, he would need to make arrangements, is there a Gu formation or a battlefield killer move there?”


 But this time, Ying Wu Xie shook his head, no longer hesitating.


 He wanted to gamble.


 At this moment, he had to gamble!


 Following Fang Yuan’s instructions, he flew.


 Soon, he saw a Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal.


 “Damn it!” Ying Wu Xie’s heart jumped.


 The Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal also found him.


 But when he was about to pounce on Ying Wu Xie, his face changed, after hesitating, he flew away with a complex expression.


 “Why did that happen?!” Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


 This was the second time.


 Was he also Fang Yuan’s subordinate?


 If so, why did he had that expression, he strangely looked unwilling and slightly angry?


 Ying Wu Xie was getting more confused.


 He continued to move forward and met with the third person, and then a fourth. The two Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals he met also left him alone.


 This was naturally Fang Yuan’s manipulation.


 Using the excuse of the big picture, he sent all those Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals away with simple reasons.


 For example, ‘that place needs you more’, ‘an ally is in danger, if you do not go, they will die’, and ‘ignore that rank six immortal zombie, I have sent others to deal with him ahead’...


 All sorts of reasons allowed Ying Wu Xie to move unhindered.


 Nobody would expect Wu Yi Hai to work with Shadow Sect.


 Among the righteous path Gu Immortals in Southern Border, who would think of that?


 At this time, Heavenly Court had not yet exposed Fang Yuan’s true identity.


 With Fang Yuan’s help, Ying Wu Xie got closer to his destination.


 “Hmm? There is actually a cocoon of light here?” Rank seven expert Yi Hei Ting had a sudden discovery.


 His body flickered with lightning, bringing his body towards the cocoon.


 “Stop it!” Ying Wu Xie who had just arrived suddenly shouted out loud.


 Yi Hei Ting felt strange: “Who is this? He actually made it here!”


 Ying Wu Xie’s yell did not disrupt him, he was already very close to the light cocoon, he was about to succeed.


 But at the next moment, Yi Hei Ting’s vision changed.


 He was forcefully teleported by the super Gu formation.


 “Lord Wu Yi Hai! I was about to...” Yi Hei Ting realized this and suddenly bellowed.


 He was truly a hindrance rather than help! He was clearly about to succeed!


 “I know, but another place needs you more. Don’t worry, I have already noticed the enemy by the cocoon, I will deal with it.” Fang Yuan interrupted Yi Hei Ting’s words.


 Yi Hei Ting wanted to say more, but his vision changed, he was teleported out again to another place.


 “This Wu Yi Hai, he thinks he can use me as a pawn because he controls the Gu formation? Hmph!” Yi Hei Ting was extremely unhappy, but he did not suspect Fang Yuan’s true intentions.


 Fang Yuan did not randomly teleport him, because around him, there was a Southern Border Gu Immortal about to die from Fairy Miao Yin.


 Yi Hei Ting quickly entered the battle, forgetting about the displeasure towards Fang Yuan.


 Ying Wu Xie felt like he was in a dream!


 Seeing that Yi Hei Ting was about to succeed, he almost despaired.


 But at the next moment, he went from hell to heaven, this change was too sudden, he was overjoyed.


 Ying Wu Xie was a little dazed.


 But when he came to his senses, he contacted Fang Yuan with his information path Gu worm, crying out: “You, you actually control the entire super Gu formation! What is your current identity?”


 Fang Yuan knew this could not be concealed, he exposed it: “Who else? I am currently Wu Yi Hai.”


 Ying Wu Xie heard this, his eyes almost popped out.


 This answer was too stunning, since when and what methods did Fang Yuan use to get to this position?


 After accepting this fact, Ying Wu Xie understood everything.


 No wonder those Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals gave way to him, Ying Wu Xie thought that their expressions were rather funny now.


 But soon, he felt some worry.


 “Fang Yuan has unravel dream, staying here for so long without any detection, he definitely has a huge scheme! He definitely made great gains!”


 “So close. If not for Lord Purple’s plan to catch the righteous path off guard, Fang Yuan might have been able to continue staying here for a long time, it would be a huge problem for Shadow Sect.”


 Ying Wu Xie’s emotions were changing, from shock to realization and to worry, he finally reached the cocoon of light.


 “This aura! A rank seven cocoon.” Ying Wu Xie was excited.


 “How can I choose wrongly? What are you waiting for?” Fang Yuan laughed.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded, using his immortal killer move.


 This killer move took effect rapidly, in an instant, the cocoon that had not formed yet stabilized completely and took shape.


 Ying Wu Xie’s soul and Gu worms entered the cocoon of light.


 Meanwhile, his rank six immortal zombie body was abandoned.


 The cocoon of light broke apart as a rank seven Ying Wu Xie appeared!


 “Don’t resist, I will send you off.” Fang Yuan’s voice entered Ying Wu Xie’s mind again.


 At the next moment, Ying Wu Xie was teleported away, watching Duke Long and Purple Mountain True Monarch’s battle again.


 Without hesitation, Ying Wu Xie used his trump card.


 Immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!


 “Urgh!” Duke Long’s expression changed, in an instant, he was dragged into a dream.


 At the next moment, he lost contact with the outside world.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was stunned: “What is going on? A scheme?”


 But next, he received Ying Wu Xie’s transmission: “I am here, Lord Purple, I am a rank seven dream path Gu Immortal now!”


 “Good.” Purple Mountain True Monarch was overjoyed, this trump card was finally activated.


 “After some hurdles, I obtained this immortal body due to Fang Yuan’s help. He is currently acting as Wu Yi Hai, he is controlling the super Gu formation of Southern Border’s righteous path, he wants to cooperate with you.”


 “Oh?!” Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes shined brightly: “Excellent, send my information path Gu worm to him, we need to talk.”


 With Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect starting their cooperation, the situation finally appeared to be turning around!



***
Chapter 1365 - Star Constellation Heaven’s Will Appears


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Duke Long entered a dream!


 Ying Wu Xie had a rank seven immortal body, he burst out with great strength, changing the battle situation between two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Duke Long fell into a dream realm and could not escape.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch used this great chance to retaliate.


 Rumble...


 Explosions continued unceasingly, but countless dragon shadows appeared on Duke Long’s body, there were also countless dragon-shaped tattoos moving around his skin.


 “Such an amazing defensive killer move...” Purple Mountain True Monarch could not do anything to Duke Long for the time being.


 Similar to Purple Mountain True Monarch, Duke Long had a lot of defensive methods, among them were incredibly useful killer moves. These killer moves were like the wood armor that Bi Chen Tian was so proud of.


 This type of killer move turned into dao marks and became engraved on the Gu Immortal’s body. They were normally dormant, but when attacked, they would activate themselves and would not need any thoughts for manipulation, only using immortal essence.


 This was somewhat like Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment.


 Ghostly concealment was a top-tier killer move created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. But this move was much more refined than Bi Chen Tian’s wood armor, or Duke Long’s and Purple Mountain True Monarch’s defensive methods.


 Because ghostly concealment not only melded with oneself and had an active effect all the time, most importantly, it did not cost any of the Gu Immortal’s immortal essence.


 A killer move that was active permanently without using any immortal essence.


 This was a supreme method of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable! From the perspective of Central Continent’s ten great sects and Fang Yuan, it was unthinkable, they had no way of understanding such a mystical method.


 Swish swish!


 Two white lights were spiraling and landing on Purple Mountain True Monarch’s body.


 It was the spiraling dragon fang killer move that Duke Long had used earlier.


 After the two flashes of light burst out, the two dragon fangs met with no success, but they still circled around Purple Mountain True Monarch, ready for an opportunity.


 “This killer move also needs no manipulation from the Gu Immortal? Troublesome.” Purple Mountain True Monarch frowned slightly.


 “But thankfully, I have been keeping purple thought perception starlight activated!” Purple Mountain True Monarch let out a loud shout as countless starlight specks emerged from the pores of his body.


 Starlight specks flew around Duke Long, they gathered, shooting at Duke Long’s layers of defense and being broken continuously.


 But soon, all sorts of information was transmitted into Purple Mountain True Monarch’s mind.


 “Quickly kill him!” Ying Wu Xie observed the battle from afar, calling out in his mind.


 In the super Gu formation, Fang Yuan was also watching Purple Mountain True Monarch’s battle closely.


 “Truly unrepentant!”


 “Fallen demon, you are beyond saving!”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s voice could be heard from the super Gu formation again. Fang Yuan had helped Ying Wu Xie and indirectly caused Duke Long to enter his dream, Fairy Zi Wei saw all of these.


 “However, if you think Lord Duke Long will fail because of this, you are completely wrong.”


 Saying this, Fairy Zi Wei actually laughed: “I need to thank you, the many times you used the super Gu formation allowed me to see many of the operations of the super Gu formation, haven’t you noticed that you are gradually losing control of this super Gu formation?”


 “Your invasion speed is getting faster, but there is no need to try and bluff me.” Fang Yuan sneered.


 Fairy Zi Wei was dazed: “Hmm?”


 “Even though you people came here imposingly, your true battle strength is only at this level.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly.


 “The truth is, as long as another rank eight Gu Immortal like you shows up, you would be able to sweep the battlefield. Unfortunately, Heaven Overseeing Tower did not send anyone else.”


 “Instead, you had to come here secretly to invade the super Gu formation, and Duke Long had to go battle personally.”


 “Even though you know my true identity, you have not exposed me, my identity is still a secret.”


 “Other than having no evidence, your intention is to use the strength of Southern Border’s righteous path to deal with Shadow Sect, right?”


 “And also, there is another reason, even if you expose my identity and convince Southern Border’s righteous path, this super Gu formation will still be in my control. This crucial point will not change because of my identity.”


 “You came to the super Gu formation in order to get this huge bargaining chip too.”


 “All these show that your Heavenly Court is putting up a false front, your rank eight battle strength is lacking.”


 Fairy Zi Wei went silent.


 She recalled the scene a few days ago.


 Back then, she was researching Star Constellation Chessboard.


 This Immortal Gu House had always been in Heavenly Court’s treasury, after Duke Long woke up, he had the authority to take it out and let Fairy Zi Wei use it.


 After interacting with and using it, Fairy Zi Wei felt the supreme brilliance of this Immortal Gu House.


 “This Immortal Gu House was indeed the wisdom path Immortal Gu House created by Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it could actually allow my deduction ability to rise by many times.”


 Thinking of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Fairy Zi Wei had a look of admiration.


 Her wisdom path deduction ability was originally amazing. Now that it grew by several times, Fairy Zi Wei felt as if this was an illusion of her being the number one wisdom path immortal in the current world.


 “It is a pity that even though my deductions are more powerful now, I still need crucial information. The clues are too few, it is hard to make deductions.” Fairy Zi Wei had a dim gaze.


 She thought about earlier, when Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were pursued by Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Longevity Heaven, they managed to conceal the clues and prevent Fairy Zi Wei from deducing the location of where the Central Continent Gu Immortals were trapped. The reinforcements thus had no place to go and could not be sent.


 She also thought about Fang Yuan, all along, Heavenly Court had been trying to kill this person.


 But they lacked the clues to him.


 When deducing, because Fang Yuan had preventive measures, he could always hold out and get informed of the deductions.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s whereabouts were not in Heavenly Court’s grasp.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed eerily.


 But right at this moment, the Star Constellation Chessboard in her hands started to absorb her immortal essence and activated on its own.


 A lump of heaven’s will gushed out of Star Constellation Chessboard, floating in the air and turning into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s appearance.


 Seeing this, Fairy Zi Wei was extremely shocked.


 Star Constellation Chessboard was the possession of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but she had died long ago. Fairy Zi Wei was able to control this Immortal Gu House now, she was merely borrowing it.


 “Zi Wei, this is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, why are you not paying respects?” Duke Long arrived and stood behind Fairy Zi Wei.


 “But this is heaven’s will.” Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she could naturally tell what this will was.


 “Of course this is heaven’s will. You are too young, you do not know this secret. Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had assimilated with heaven’s will long ago. Even though her body is gone, her will resides in the world of the five regions, she is one with heaven and earth!” Duke Long exposed some truly terrifying secrets.


 Fairy Zi Wei was in a daze, feeling unparalleled shock.


 “This means Star Constellation Immortal Venerable achieved eternal life? If heaven’s will is Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, then wouldn’t the entire world be on Heavenly Court’s side?”


 But Duke Long shook his head: “You should say, Heavenly Court is on the side of heaven’s will. After assimilating with heaven’s will, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is no longer herself. This was a major and selfless sacrifice! Back then, for the sake of humanity, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sacrificed herself to modify heaven’s will. Since then, heaven’s will gained the form of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but it is still heaven’s will in essence.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze flickered, she was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she immediately understood.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had sacrificed herself for the entire human race, she assimilated with heaven’s will.


 The core of heaven’s will did not change, but some things were modified by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. For example, the form that it took, and maybe... a hint of human-like concern towards Heavenly Court?”


 This was perhaps the reason why Heavenly Court followed and executed the will of heaven, and after countless eons, it was still standing strong!


 “The great era is coming, the five regions will become one, destiny has already reached a crucial point.” Star Constellation heaven’s will spoke while stretching out her right hand.


 On her right hand, a lump of heaven’s will flew out and floated in the air, turning into the form of Southern Border’s super Gu formation.


 “Here.”


 “A crucial battle is about to unfold, the result of this battle will affect the entire world.”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is extremely weak, all of Shadow Sect will be gathered here, Fang Yuan is disguised as Wu Yi Hai, mixing in with Southern Border’s righteous path.”


 “These are a bunch of fate defying people, the source of all chaos and turmoil. Eliminating them will help towards the repairing of fate Immortal Gu.”


 “However, Heavenly Court will only allow the two of you to fight this time.”


 Star Constellation heaven’s will said plainly.


 “Why?” Fairy Zi Wei did not understand.


 Heavenly Court had very deep foundations, earlier in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, they had found out too late, and the awakened Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals were not enough to turn the situation around.


 But now that they had the reminder of Star Constellation heaven’s will, time was ample, Heavenly Court had lots of time to prepare. Heavenly Court could totally gather its power and crush the enemies.


 But Star Constellation heaven’s will told Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long that only the two of them could go.


 “This is something fated to happen.”


 “After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the uncertainties of luck have greatly decreased. Now that fate Immortal Gu is recovering, fate is regaining control of the world.”


 “You will undoubtedly win this time.”


 “Do not bother the hibernating Gu Immortals in Heavenly Court, they serve a greater purpose. Heavenly Court’s foundation cannot be weakened further, otherwise, the consequences will be severe.”


 “Bring Heaven Overseeing Tower and Star Constellation Chessboard, the Gu Immortals of Central Continent’s ten great sects should not be mobilized unnecessarily. Keep in mind to preserve their lives, in the next ten years, Heaven Overseeing Tower will need even more rank eight Gu Immortals to hibernate. Remember, remember this.”


 ...


 Star Constellation heaven’s will gave them many instructions.


 Fairy Zi Wei obtained a lot of information, but she became much more confused now.


 She found out that even though she was a member of Heavenly Court, she, in fact, knew too little about it.


 Such a huge organization had deep foundations, but it could not use them recklessly like she had imagined before.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were hibernating, other than to extend their lifespan, there seemed to be an even greater purpose.



***
Chapter 1366 - Duke Long Awakens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court had its concerns, but what these concerns were, Star Constellation heaven’s will did not state clearly.


 After saying everything, Star Constellation heaven’s will vanished into thin air.


 “Oh Zi Wei, don’t look at me. Even though I have lived longer, I do not know as many secrets as you think I do. I’ll tell you the truth, this is only the second time I’ve seen Star Constellation heaven’s will appear on its own.” Duke Long sighed deeply.


 After pausing for a while, he continued: “We need to believe in Star Constellation heaven’s will and do as she says. We will definitely win this time, this is our fate!”


 Duke Long’s unwavering determination rubbed off on Fairy Zi Wei.


 In Heavenly Court’s actions later, it went according to Star Constellation heaven’s will’s instructions, Duke Long and the rest did not defy her.


 While Heaven Overseeing Tower moved in white heaven, it was obstructed by Purple Mountain True Monarch’s methods. It was carrying Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, and other Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects, joining in this crucial battle.


 Fang Yuan’s analysis was correct.


 Even though he did not understand why Heavenly Court refused to send more Gu Immortals, this did not stop him from seeing through this detail.


 Precisely so, Fang Yuan made the decision to use the super Gu formation to help Ying Wu Xie and affect the battle between Duke Long and Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Using treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan successfully obtained an information path Gu worm from Ying Wu Xie.


 This information path Gu worm allowed him to talk directly to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan helped Ying Wu Xie so as to gain Shadow Sect’s initial trust, otherwise, how could he get this Gu worm?


 This Gu worm and Purple Mountain True Monarch had a close relationship, with it, he would have a crucial clue and would be able to deduce matters on Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Thus, these Gu worms were usually kept very closely to oneself.


 Only in this situation would Purple Mountain True Monarch give this information path Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


 During normal times, they would definitely need to set an information path alliance agreement.


 After getting the information path Gu worm, Purple Mountain True Monarch contacted Fang Yuan and said: “Fang Yuan, I need to thank you. Purple Mountain True Monarch is a great title, thanks for bestowing it, I like it.”


 Fang Yuan did not expect that the lie he used to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng would become reality one day.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had well honed interpersonal skills, once he said that, the relationship between him and Fang Yuan became much closer.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Then I’ll call you Purple Mountain True Monarch. You have already felt my sincerity, we are working together, I am not the only one putting in effort. Now, it is time for your side of the deal.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch attacked Duke Long fiercely while answering: “Okay, what do you want?”


 He knew what strength Fang Yuan had, but in this crucial moment, he did not hesitate at all.


 Fang Yuan answered: “Heavenly crystals! I want a large amount of heavenly crystals!”


 Heavenly crystals were too hard to obtain. Even though they were sold in treasure yellow heaven, they were rare and in small quantities, Fang Yuan’s needs were not satisfied.


 But Shadow Sect had them.


 Fang Yuan did not doubt that.


 Even though Shadow Sect was greatly damaged and lost a lot, it did not lack resources. Fang Yuan could see this during his pursuit of Ying Wu Xie and gang.


 As expected, Purple Mountain True Monarch answered: “Okay, I have a lot of heavenly crystals, they can be given to you to express my sincerity.”


 “You want heavenly crystals to nurture the upper extreme heavenly eagle?”


 “This is a sound idea, reverse flow protection seal cannot be used recklessly. But even if you turn the upper extreme heavenly eagle into a true immemorial desolate beast, you might not be able to control it, I know about your enslavement path method.”


 “But don’t worry, I have a method for you to control the upper extreme heavenly eagle.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words made Fang Yuan overjoyed and also incredibly amazed.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was very generous, he gave up the heavenly crystals to gain Fang Yuan’s support without hesitation.


 He was already in a passive state, thus, when he said his later words, the method to control upper extreme heavenly eagle, he lured Fang Yuan. This was turning his position from passive to active.


 As expected of a rank eight wisdom path Gu Immortal, his words were filled with wisdom, Fang Yuan felt the aura of an intense opponent.


 Fang Yuan was silent before saying: “Adding in another method to control the upper extreme heavenly eagle is fine. But now, I have something more important to do!”


 He said that as if he had some way to control the upper extreme heavenly eagle himself.


 This way, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s bargaining chip was not as significant.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch smiled: “What is more important?”


 “That is, both of us need to enter a ceasefire now!” Fang Yuan said.


 Shadow Sect would benefit from this matter, it was good for Fang Yuan too, only Heavenly Court would not stand to gain from it.


 Immediately, Purple Mountain True Monarch gave his orders, recalling the Gu Immortals of Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan also sent orders, even though the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not understand it, due to Wu Yi Hai’s identity and his control of the Gu formation, they listened to him.


 Both sides began to separate.


 Shadow Sect had many losses, only Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Miao Yin and so on were left.


 Over at Southern Border, even though there were losses, they were not significant, their numbers were not lacking.


 However, Shadow Sect’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were still breaking out of the cocoons, the numbers were increasing as the dream realm continued to weaken and vanish.


 This situation was the worst for Heavenly Court.


 “The difference in strength between both sides is shrinking, now, what will Heavenly Court do?” Fang Yuan was vigilant against Heavenly Court’s actions.


 Duke Long was still sleeping, while Fairy Zi Wei was increasing her speed of taking over the super Gu formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was still entangled with Zuo Ye Hui.


 Boom!


 Zuo Ye Hui raised its left claw and jumped up, slamming Heaven Overseeing Tower to the ground.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower flickered with white light, being undamaged.


 Zuo Ye Hui opened its mouth and let out grey night.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower used fate vanquish again.


 The two killer moves faced off, grey night vanished in the white light as Zuo Ye Hui was pushed away with broken bones and tendons.


 But almost instantly, it used an immortal killer move and its injuries vanished.


 Regaining its peak condition, Zuo Ye Hui growled again and attacked Heaven Overseeing Tower with fury and hatred.


 There was a sigh in Heaven Overseeing Tower, before it flew into the sky.


 Zuo Ye Hui had its flying killer move too, it flew into the sky and chased after Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals in the tower had nervous and anxious expressions.


 “Damn it! This immemorial desolate beast is too sturdy, it is able to use killer moves, Heaven Overseeing Tower cannot deal with it in a short time.”


 “What do we do? Lord Duke Long was targeted and fell into a dream realm, being attacked by the rank eight demon.”


 “We need to go! We need to send reinforcements to Lord Duke Long, if this goes on, it will not be good.”


 “But Lord Duke Long instructed before leaving that we need to stay inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, we cannot move rashly.”


 “Times are different now.”


 “There are rank eight Gu Immortals among us, now that Lord Duke Long is in danger, he has lost control of the battle. If we do not help him, Lord Duke Long will be in danger.”


 After a short discussion, Heaven Overseeing Tower attacked, temporarily pushing Zuo Ye Hui back and creating a chance.


 Two Central Continent Gu Immortals took the chance to fly out of Heaven Overseeing Tower and move towards Duke Long.


 “Hahaha, two rats came out!” Zuo Ye Hui laughed, a sinister light shining in its bestial eyes.


 It opened its bloodthirsty mouth.


 The two Central Continent Gu Immortals’ bodies shook, as if they had encountered a predator, they felt an incredible danger and could not control themselves.


 Crack!


 Zuo Ye Hui shut its mouth, even though it was far from these two Central Continent Gu Immortals, when its teeth connected, it was as if it had bitten these two Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 Blood flowed out of its mouth.


 At the same time, the two Central Continent Gu Immortals were spurting out blood, they were covered in terrifying wounds, their organs were punctured, their entire bodies looked completely deformed.


 “This is a food path killer move! It is hard to defend against.”


 “Zuo Ye Hui has human intelligence, it knows how to use the tactic of targeting an enemy’s weakness.”


 “Quick, bring the two back.”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower quickly tried to save them, and because the two Central Continent rank eights had methods to help themselves, they narrowly escaped death and were not eaten by Zuo Ye Hui.


 After escaping that danger, the Central Continent Gu Immortals realized the terrifying power of Zuo Ye Hui!


 “Indeed worthy of a legendary immemorial desolate beast, the beast that Reckless Savage left behind!”


 “But this way, how can we save Lord Duke Long?”


 “Bring Heaven Overseeing Tower in.”


 “It is too dangerous. If we are sent into a dream realm, we will lose Heaven Overseeing Tower, can any of us bear that responsibility?”


 While Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were discussing, Duke Long was in the greatest danger he had ever been in.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s methods were finally working, he broke through Duke Long’s defenses.


 “Break!” Purple Mountain True Monarch flew to Duke Long and spat out some purple gas.


 This mystical breath landed on Duke Long and dissolved all of his defenses.


 Immortal killer move — Brilliant Will Dissolution!


 “Die!” Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes shined with bright purple light, he used his killer move on Duke Long.


 But at this moment, Duke Long opened his eyes.


 Boom!


 There was a thunderous explosion.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch flew out from the dust and smoke as Duke Long stood on the spot.


 He had woken up.


 “How could he escape so quickly?” Ying Wu Xie was greatly shocked, he quickly used lead soul into dream.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had a bad feeling, Duke Long had woken up at a very coincidental time, he wanted to stop Ying Wu Xie, but it was too late.


 Duke Long vanished instantly and Ying Wu Xie received the backlash of the killer move.


 He had fallen into the dream himself!


 “This move seems to be called lead soul into dream? It is a good move. If I had more time, I would be able to decipher its profundity.” Duke Long spoke.


 As the vigilant appearance of Purple Mountain True Monarch was reflected in his cold dragon eyes, Duke Long continued speaking: “As for you, if your methods are only at this level, you will not be able to handle my next move.”


 “Because this was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”


 Duke Long cultivated qi path primarily and transformation path secondarily. At this moment, he was finally going to use his true methods!



***
Chapter 1367 - Triple Qi Retraction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Duke Long said that, his aura changed abruptly.


 He had just forced Purple Mountain True Monarch back, and caused Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream to be ineffective, his aura was overwhelming, he was like a giant dragon soaring into the sky.


 But now, it was decreasing.


 ‘Decrease’ was not an appropriate word.


 It was condensing and solidifying.


 His overwhelming aura earlier was condensing now, in a few breaths’ time, Duke Long’s shocking aura was completely concealed. He was like a deep abyss, unfathomable and mysterious.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch acted like he was facing a strong foe.


 He could sense that Duke Long in this condition was much more dangerous than Duke Long with overwhelming aura!


 Roar!


 Duke Long opened his mouth and roared.


 Next, he vanished entirely on the spot.


 “Oh no!” Purple Mountain True Monarch’s heart sank.


 Duke Long was doing the same thing again.


 He had once used this method to teleport to Purple Mountain True Monarch and use chaotic dragon fist, suppressing Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would not be able to react even if they knew about Duke Long’s intention. But Purple Mountain True Monarch was different, he cultivated wisdom path, he could think rapidly.


 Almost at the same time as Duke Long roared, Purple Mountain True Monarch finished thinking and reacted.


 In their earlier combat, Purple Mountain True Monarch had seen through the secret of Duke Long’s teleportation, at this moment, he used the same method again, eradicating the sound of the dragon’s roar around him.


 Indeed, at the next moment, Duke Long stopped moving, he reappeared in front of Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 But this time, he did not succeed in getting close, he was still several hundred steps away from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 But to Duke Long, this was enough distance.


 “Human qi retraction!” He shouted, waving at Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 His movement was very ordinary, like a friend waving to another friend.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch suffered a huge blow.


 A huge amount of human qi gushed out of his body and flew towards Duke Long uncontrollably.


 In the blink of an eye, it entered Duke Long’s palm and vanished!


 After losing such a huge amount of human qi, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eye sockets sank in, his expression turned pale and his bright purple hair became dull, he felt an intense feeling of weakness in his head and throughout his entire body.


 Deep within Purple Mountain True Monarch’s eyes, a mysterious light of shock could be seen. When he heard Duke Long’s shout, he thought of a famous qi path killer move.


 Triple qi retraction!


 This killer move was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it had two very well known traits.


 The first was that it was very difficult to learn.


 This killer move was incredibly complex and used a lot of Gu worms, they were used interchangeably with countless steps, even wisdom path Gu Immortals would have a headache in attempting it.


 The second was that the risks were huge.


 Because this killer move was very complex, when Gu Immortals used it and made a mistake, the huge backlash would be inflicted on them.


 If the killer move succeeded and could not hit the enemy, this killer move would return and harm the user.


 Triple qi retraction had incredibly terrifying power.


 The explanation started at the process of immortal ascension.


 When humans underwent immortal ascension, there were three qi involved — heaven qi, earth qi, and human qi.


 When Gu Masters cultivate from rank one to rank five, they would accumulate human qi in this process. When they undergo ascension, they would take in heaven and earth qi, the three qi would become one and the Gu Master would concentrate in controlling them, tossing their vital Gu in and creating the immortal aperture through an explosion.


 The more human qi the Gu Master had, the more heaven and earth qi they would be able to fuse, and the higher the grade of the immortal aperture they would get.


 Normally speaking, the ten extreme physiques meant incredibly abundant human qi, far beyond normal people. Or perhaps a Gu Master could make accumulations by themselves, regardless of what path, as long as one had grandmaster attainment level, their human qi would be very abundant.


 After creating the immortal aperture, be it cultivation or managing the immortal aperture, Gu Immortals had to keep a balance between the three qi.


 Heaven qi, earth qi, human qi, not one of the three could be lacking and break the balance.


 Like Fang Yuan, after getting a secluded domain of heaven and earth like Reverse Flow River, the heaven and earth qi expenditure of the sovereign immortal aperture became extremely high. Thus, he had to place his immortal aperture often to take in heaven and earth qi of the outside world, to replenish himself and maintain balance.


 Regarding the three qi, no matter which Gu Immortal or Venerable, they could not be careless about it.


 In the world of the five regions, heaven and earth qi varied. If Gu Immortals who were not native took in foreign heaven and earth qi, their immortal apertures would suffer great losses, even though they could do that in an emergency situation, it could not happen a lot of times.


 When Gu Immortals die, blessed lands would form. For example, in Luo Po Valley, many Central Continent Gu Immortals died in the battlefield, their immortal apertures became blessed lands in Northern Plains, but because they took in heaven and earth qi of another region, the foundation and resources inside the blessed lands were greatly damaged.


 All of these explanations served to prove a point: Heaven, earth and human qi, they were incredibly important to the immortal aperture and Gu Immortals. Any imbalance would cause great damage to the immortal aperture.


 And this immortal killer move, triple qi retraction, targeted this point, it directly attacked the foundation of the immortal aperture.


 It was the combination of a consecutive move and variation move. Thus, the Gu Immortal who used this killer move had to be extremely skilled.


 Triple qi retraction had three styles.


 The first style, human qi retraction. After the target was hit, they would lose a lot of human qi, their foundation would fall. of course, if the target had no human qi, like a desolate beast, this move would have no effect.


 The second style, earth qi retraction. If hit, the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture would be drained of earth qi, with a severe loss of earth qi, the three qi would completely be out of balance, the immortal aperture would be in grave danger.


 The third style, heaven qi retraction. This would extract heaven qi, if a person was hit by all three moves, their immortal aperture would break apart instantly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch retreated.


 He was already hit by human qi retraction. If he was hit by earth qi retraction too, the disadvantage would be too severe.


 Even though Purple Mountain True Monarch knew about this move, this was his first time seeing it, he could not see through it in this short period.


 This move was too complex, the more complex a move was, even though it was more difficult to use in battle, it was also harder for opponents to unravel.


 After all, everything had advantages and disadvantages.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch could not resolve it, he could only use his methods as he created countless clones.


 At once, hundreds of Purple Mountain True Monarchs flew out randomly.


 At the same time, his main body vanished.


 Triple qi retraction was powerful, but if it could not hit, it was useless.


 However, Duke Long was unmoved, he was completely prepared for Purple Mountain True Monarch’s response.


 Next, he laughed coldly as his voice spread throughout the battlefield, even though he was not loud: “It is too late, Purple Mountain True Monarch, you were hit by human qi retraction, there is no way for you to dodge the next two styles, you can only endure it!”


 “Come, earth qi retraction.” Duke Long paused before waving again.


 He was not trying to deceive him.


 Duke Long’s waving motion was not in the right direction, and he did not make any investigations, he had no idea where Purple Mountain True Monarch was now, but he was still hit instantly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was greatly shocked!


 A vast amount of earth qi flew out of his immortal aperture, raging on like a storm towards Duke Long’s palm, before vanishing without a trace.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal aperture was greatly damaged, his foundations were crippled and his three qi had lost balance long ago, his immortal aperture was going to break apart in a few breaths’ time.


 At this moment, one final choice was presented to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Placing his aperture.


 Placing his aperture here.


 This way, he could take in heaven and earth qi to regain balance.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch gave up on this option immediately.


 This was a horrible idea!


 Once Purple Mountain True Monarch placed his aperture, his main body would be stuck in his immortal aperture, he would leave the battlefield immediately and lose all initiative.


 And most importantly, the immortal aperture could only take in heaven and earth qi by opening the entrance.


 A passage was necessary.


 And outside, Duke Long was waiting for him.


 If this immortal aperture’s entrance opened, Duke Long would charge in and easily deal great damage to the immortal aperture. Furthermore, he could fight or retreat at will, while Purple Mountain True Monarch would be trapped inside his immortal aperture.


 “Even if I place my aperture and replenish my earth qi, the balance was long since lost due to my lack of human qi. I do not have the human path methods needed to replenish human qi, I can only buy large numbers of humans or variant humans.”


 Countless thoughts flashed inside Purple Mountain True Monarch’s mind.


 In a short time, he made his choice!


 He stretched out his arm and grabbed at his stomach, before an eerie purple light shined in his hand, as his hand pulled away from his stomach slowly.


 With his movement, the immortal aperture was taken out.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan felt a familiar feeling in his mind.


 He thought of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had a fire path method that could take someone else’s immortal aperture.


 This move left a deep impression on Fang Yuan.


 “How does Purple Mountain True Monarch know this?” Fang Yuan was a little puzzled but he soon understood.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was a member of Zombie Alliance to begin with, and Hei Lou Lan was firmly controlled by Shadow Sect, it was not strange for Purple Mountain True Monarch to know this method.


 All the paths in the world, with a deep enough attainment, could mimic other paths and achieve their effects.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s move was evidently a wisdom path method, it could also be that he created it himself and it had nothing to do with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch took out his immortal aperture and placed it in the outside world.


 The immortal aperture’s entrance opened and began to take in earth qi.


 But this grotto-heaven had little hope of salvation, even if the earth qi was regained, human qi was too lacking.


 Seeing Purple Mountain True Monarch’s resolution, Duke Long was slightly shocked, a look of admiration flashed on his face for a moment.



***
Chapter 1368 - Capturing Spectral Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Purple Mountain True Monarch lost his immortal aperture, he lost his cultivation foundation. Without his immortal aperture, his future was bleak.


 Forget about the future, even now, after his immortal aperture left his body, he lost a huge amount of dao marks.


 Even though he kept most of the Gu worms and immortal essence with him, without the amplification of dao marks, his battle strength fell to rock bottom.


 This was something he had no other way to deal with.


 If his heaven qi was extracted, Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal aperture would break apart, the winds of assimilation will blow and he would be in even greater danger of losing his life.


 Triple qi retraction was simply too incredible.


 It directly targeted the Gu Immortal’s foundation, even the great Purple Mountain True Monarch had to discard his own immortal aperture. It was like an Iron Palm 1 martial arts expert breaking his own two arms!


 Fang Yuan watched this, filled with shock.


 Throughout history, there were only ten who became venerables.


 Anything related to these ten existences could become extraordinary.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s formless hand was like this, so was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s reincarnation battlefield, and so was Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s triple qi retraction.


 “What can we do?!” Fang Yuan thought hard on how to change the situation.


 There was nothing he could do.


 He could only feel glad now.


 Glad that Purple Mountain True Monarch had already given him all the heavenly crystals earlier.


 While manipulating the super Gu formation and resisting Fairy Zi Wei, he started to nurture the upper extreme heavenly eagle. He had a lot of heavenly crystals now, far more than the heavenly crystal eagle nest earlier, even if the upper extreme heavenly eagle became an immemorial desolate beast, the same thing would not happen again, it would not starve to death.


 “Indeed worthy of Duke Long.” Purple Mountain True Monarch spoke, expressing his admiration towards Duke Long.


 Duke Long was too powerful.


 He definitely had quasi-rank nine battle strength.


 Against ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals, he could crush them. Only people like Purple Mountain True Monarch, at the peak of rank eight, and being one of the original split souls of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, having cultivated for a hundred thousand years, had the foundation and qualifications to challenge him.


 But after dozens of rounds, after Duke Long’s probing ended, he realized that Purple Mountain True Monarch had no true way of countering him, so he started to use his qi path trump card.


 Triple qi retraction was incredibly powerful, but such a strong killer move would leave the user in horrible condition if it was countered. It was like lifting a rock and smashing it on one’s own head!


 Thus, any Gu Immortal would be very careful with such a killer move.


 Like how Fang Yuan would rather nurture the upper extreme heavenly eagle than use reverse flow protection seal.


 “In this battle, I am bullying a junior, if you were not someone who is defying fate, we might be able to sit down and have a nice conversation. After all, in this world, there are too few people who can register my interest.”


 “However, I believe that in the near future, the entire world will brighten up, it will become incredibly exciting.”


 “And I will be the person to unveil this great new era!”


 Duke Long sighed, starting to chase after Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch fought and retreated, he was completely suppressed.


 He was hit by the first two styles of triple qi retraction, his battle strength fell drastically, he was not Duke Long’s match originally, the situation was worse now.


 Duke Long’s attacks were powerful and unceasing, at this moment, he surpassed Purple Mountain True Monarch in every aspect.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch could only hold on desperately while trying to use the killer move to create Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, but he had no choice other than to stop it.


 Ying Wu Xie was still stuck in a dream realm, the other Gu Immortals only watched helplessly.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, having a heavy heart.


 He quickly looked around the battlefield, Duke Long had a great advantage, Purple Mountain True Monarch was a lost cause. The only way now was to target the enemy’s weakness to salvage the situation.


 However, Duke Long had predicted this when he sent his forces. All of the people he sent out were powerful beings.


 Ignoring Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei had Star Constellation Chessboard, while Heaven Overseeing Tower was tough as a fortress, even though Zuo Ye Hui was attacking, it could only damage the exterior.


 There were many Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, but they could not interfere in a battle of such intensity.


 “Oh no!”


 “This cannot go on.”


 “Once Purple Mountain True Monarch loses, the entire battle will tilt in Heavenly Court’s favor.”


 “By then, there will be too little hope for me to escape!”


 “Should I retreat now?”


 “Should I take a gamble on whether Heavenly Court has already found a way to counter reverse flow protection seal?”


 Fang Yuan could not help but hesitate.


 This was something hard to decide on.


 But at this time, the battle between Purple Mountain True Monarch and Duke Long had a new development.


 A blessed land’s entrance suddenly opened, as a huge soul beast army appeared from within.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch relied on these soul beasts to block Duke Long’s attacks as he retreated into the blessed land.


 “This is Shadow Sect’s blessed land!”


 Fang Yuan saw this as his eyes shined brightly, flashing with dazzling light.


 During the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect’s blessed land was moved here by Shadow Sect. Shadow Sect’s blessed land contained the door of life and death, Spectral Soul had emerged from it to resist the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, unleashing his great power and killing Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Heaven Overseeing Tower was destroyed and sovereign immortal fetus Gu was refined.


 After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect met with failure as Fang Yuan snatched the fruits of their labor. The dream realm covered the entire place and Shadow Sect’s blessed land had to shut its entrance, defending from the outside.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch led Shadow Sect here and had been using his killer move to turn dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 After trying hard, unknowingly, the blessed land was freed, as the surrounding dream realms were removed.


 Thus, the entrance of Shadow Sect’s blessed land could open again.


 There were countless soul beasts inside the door of life and death, they were all mobilized now to attack Duke Long.


 These soul beasts were of a massive scale, there were countless desolate beasts, with many ancient desolate beasts and even immemorial desolate beasts among them.


 The soul beast army disregarded sacrifices, attacking Duke Long in a suicidal manner.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch passed through the immortal aperture’s entrance with the help of the soul beasts, entering Shadow Sect’s blessed land.


 The appearance of the soul beast army did not turn the situation around, it only gave Purple Mountain True Monarch some time to regain his footing.


 “Fang Yuan, let out your upper extreme heavenly eagle, what are you waiting for?” At the same time, Purple Mountain True Monarch continued to ask Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snickered.


 This was already the fiftieth time he had asked.


 Ever since he was hit by the qi path killer move, he had been urging Fang Yuan to no avail. The upper extreme heavenly eagle was his final trump card, even if it was uncontrollable, he could let it out to cause chaos.


 How could he release it according to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words?


 “Charge in, this blessed land is Shadow Sect’s base camp.” Fang Yuan thought, he wanted to see Duke Long enter the blessed land and fight to the death with Shadow Sect. He wanted Shadow Sect’s blessed land to be full of traps, so that Duke Long could meet with trouble.


 But Duke Long did not pursue him, he stopped his movement.


 Fang Yuan was disappointed, while Purple Mountain True Monarch was slightly flustered.


 Duke Long’s lips curled upwards, for the first time, he showed a natural smile.


 He suddenly turned around, charging somewhere with the speed of lightning.


 “You finally decided to come out? Spectral Soul!” He shouted, attacking as air currents raged, turning into a huge claw that grabbed at an area in the soul beast army.


 “He found out!” Purple Mountain True Monarch felt like he had fallen into an icy river.


 From the soul beast army, a human shaped soul emerged, he did not evade Duke Long, he attacked.


 Boom!


 Even the powerful Duke Long was sent flying, while that human shaped soul remained unmoved.


 “Hahaha.” Duke Long spat out blood but he laughed: “Spectral Soul, you are truly at your weakest.”


 “Damn it!” Purple Mountain True Monarch quickly charged ahead, trying to reinforce him, panic showed on his face for the first time.


 Fang Yuan saw this and finally understood everything.


 “Shadow Sect is truly cunning!”


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch created a huge amount of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, seemingly wanting to let Spectral Soul escape, but this was all a distraction.”


 “His true intention was to let out the soul beast army for Spectral Soul to devour and strengthen himself.”


 Spectral Soul had the supreme method of devouring souls, that was the only way he could recover his strength rapidly, he might even be able to help Purple Mountain True Monarch defeat Duke Long!


 But all this was predicted by Duke Long in advance.


 Duke Long attacked while Spectral Soul was still weak, Purple Mountain True Monarch had to intervene.


 “Too late!” Duke Long laughed, stretching his arms as his dragon claws tore through space, forcing Purple Mountain True Monarch to retreat.


 Duke Long attacked Spectral Soul again, air currents raged like dragons, entangling with Spectral Soul’s main body.


 Spectral Soul’s main body was originally very powerful, it was considered a quasi-rank nine immemorial soul beast, it could even use Gu worms and the immortal essence he had left behind in his lifetime.


 But after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Spectral Soul only had a trace of his remnant soul left.


 And this trace of his remnant soul was surrounded by dream realms, constantly consumed.


 The human shaped soul roared, forcefully defending against Duke Long’s methods.


 Duke Long’s dragon eyes shined with intense fighting spirit: “You want to resist me?”


 “Oh Spectral Soul, if you were still a rank nine, I would avoid you at all costs, I would escape to the ends of the world.”


 “But now, you are just a remnant soul. Your Gu worms and immortal essence are not with you.”


 “I have been waiting for you for a long time!”


 “I’ll tell you the truth, I am here to capture and imprison you within Heavenly Court. So that the entire world will understand the supreme might and glory of my Heavenly Court!!”


 The human shaped soul was still struggling, while Purple Mountain True Monarch attacked Duke Long like he had gone mad.


 Duke Long defended against the latter easily while he looked at the human shaped soul.


 He said arrogantly: “Still going to struggle pointlessly?”


 “In the past, even Red Lotus Demon Venerable was stopped by me!”


 “Now, surrender to me!!”


 As he said that, Spectral Soul’s main body was unable to defend against Duke Long’s methods, he was trapped by a cage created from countless air currents.


 Like what Duke Long had said, he actually managed to capture Spectral Soul’s main soul body!



***
Chapter 1369 - Elder Brother, Quickly Lend Me Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan could not help but stare with wide eyes.


 A rank nine venerable, with overwhelming prestige that flowed into every Gu Master’s and Gu Immortal’s heart, like a river of fame.


 But now, Fang Yuan saw that Spectral Soul was actually captured by a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “As a matter of fact, who is this Duke Long? He is actually so strong!”


 “However, thinking about it, Spectral Soul had died long ago, this is only his soul remaining.”


 “If his soul was in top condition, Duke Long would not be able to take him down. But unfortunately, Spectral Soul had resisted the tribulations and made great sacrifices to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Even though he succeeded and forced back Heaven Overseeing Tower, the result of his hard work was taken by me, Shadow Sect only had some remnant forces remaining while Zombie Alliance was wiped out, their losses were severe.”


 “And his own soul was depleted until only a trace was left in Yi Tian Mountain. After falling into the dream realm and being weakened for so long, it is already unthinkable that he could last this long.”


 Fang Yuan thought about himself, if his soul was thrown into such a massive dream realm, weakened and depleted by it, without using any dream path killer moves, he would only be able to last for a few days.


 Even though Spectral Soul only had a trace of his soul left, the quality was superb, he could endure such a long period of time, even now, he could still struggle.


 It was not strange that Duke Long could capture him.


 After all, Duke Long was strong while Spectral Soul was currently weak.


 Spectral Soul’s era was over!


 He had once slaughtered the world and his demonic might spread over the five regions and two heavens, it was a chaotic time period.


 In his life, he was invincible in the world, he was the strongest being alive, and had the greatest status in heaven and earth.


 However, time flowed like water, he eventually died.


 After death, and with the appearance of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s influence was greatly reduced, peace and blessings were brought to this world.


 Even after Spectral Soul died, he was not resigned to failure.


 He built Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance, attempting to defy heaven again.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing was his first attempt, but he only managed to become a pseudo-Immortal Venerable, and his corpse sank into Falling Heavenly River.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was his second attempt, but the world schemed against him, his hard work of a hundred thousand years was taken away by Fang Yuan.


 The failure of Yi Tian Mountain and Spectral Soul’s terrible loss had consumed all of his foundation. But with just Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, he still whipped up a storm.


 Until now, Spectral Soul failed completely and was captured by Heavenly Court’s Duke Long.


 “The great era is coming, antiques like myself should quietly lie down and stop trying to become the main characters of the current era. Oh Spectral Soul, your era is long gone.”


 Duke Long sighed as he stretched out his hand, air currents moved and carried Spectral Soul as it entered his phantom aperture.


 “Ah—!” Purple Mountain True Monarch screamed at the sky, his eyes were bloodshot.


 Seeing how Spectral Soul had fallen into captivity, he almost went crazy.


 Even the main body was captured, all hope was lost.


 A complete loss!


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch was a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, he held in the urge to seek out Duke Long for a suicidal attack.


 That would truly be giving up!


 He breathed in deeply and moved towards a deeper part of Shadow Sect’s blessed land.


 “Running? Why do you think you’re going?” Duke Long floated in the air, his dragon eyes looked towards Purple Mountain True Monarch with a cold gaze.


 The entrance of Shadow Sect’s blessed land closed, and the soul beast army stopped charging out, they returned to defend it.


 Duke Long laughed arrogantly, he turned around to look at the super Gu formation and saw that Fairy Zi Wei was making good progress, he aimed at the location of Shadow Sect’s blessed land and used an immortal killer move —


 Dragon Gate!


 This dragon gate was majestic and huge, there were two red pillars by the side with a dragon coiling around each of them, their dragon claws were holding up the top of the gate, firm as a mountain. There were flickering dragon scales and two tough dragon bodies. The dragon bodies coiled around the huge pillars, as the dragons’ upper bodies looked at each other, the dragon mouths were open with a dragon pearl in each of them, shining like radiant suns, forming a scene of two dragons and two pearls.


 The dragon gate opened, the interior of Shadow Sect’s blessed land could be seen.


 This immortal killer move, dragon gate, could forcefully open blessed lands!


 Duke Long laughed, stepping in as the dragon gate closed, before vanishing.


 There was an intense battle in the blessed land, but there was no commotion outside, the entire battlefield fell into a peculiar silence.


 But it could be easily imagined that Shadow Sect’s blessed land was definitely not peaceful, with Duke Long inside, the soul beast army was definitely attacking him endlessly!


 “What do we do?” Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 Suddenly, they realized that they had no enemies left.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch against Duke Long, they were inside Shadow Sect’s blessed land. Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, and the rest were hiding inside the dream realms with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 The only things moving in the battlefield were soul beasts.


 Countless soul beasts were rampaging the battlefield.


 A portion of them were inside dream realms, unable to escape, they were quickly dissolved by the dream realms.


 Most of the soul beasts saw the dangers of the dream realms and escaped due to their survival instincts.


 Soul beasts could hunt for all lifeforms with souls and devour them to strengthen themselves.


 Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals quickly became the targets of these soul beasts, even though they did not want to fight.


 “Wu Yi Hai, quickly send us into the Gu formation.” The Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals quickly requested.


 They did not want to leave.


 Because now, Shadow Sect lost, Heavenly Court was likely to win. And Heavenly Court had not shown any killing intent towards Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals subconsciously thought that Heavenly Court was on their side.


 After all, they were all in the righteous path, one was Central Continent’s righteous path, and the other was Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Of course, there was also another important element that affected their judgment.


 The dream realm.


 This dream realm might be extremely scattered now, but from the perspectives of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals, it was their resource, it belonged to them.


 Furthermore, they had witnessed the battle between Duke Long and Purple Mountain True Monarch, as well as Spectral Soul’s main body, they finally experienced some of the hidden details of the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 The huge secret of a rank nine venerable was here, there might be a fortuitous encounter, who would want to leave?


 This was Southern Border’s super Gu formation, and all sorts of reinforcements from the super clans were rapidly getting closer.


 As for Heaven Overseeing Tower and Zuo Ye Hui, they were still fighting, with both sides in a deadlock.


 Fang Yuan ordered: “Everyone, work hard to kill these soul beasts! Our reinforcements are coming closer. These soul beasts were sent by the enemy, killing them is weakening the enemy. If we let these soul beasts leave, there would be a huge problem, this is the responsibility of the righteous path!”


 These words made sense, but the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals did not listen to him.


 “Aren’t the reinforcements arriving? Let them handle it.”


 “That’s right, I am so tired, I need to rest.”


 “Even if we are not injured currently, our immortal essence expenditure was huge, we need to save up our battle strength and not waste it.”


 Fang Yuan snorted: “I’m telling you to go, enough nonsense.”


 Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals scolded and cursed, but Fang Yuan ignored them.


 He was doing something very exciting.


 That was asking Wu clan for help.


 “Quick, it is very dangerous here, the situation is very complex, quickly send the Gu worms I need over with treasure yellow heaven!”


 “No worries, I will bear all the cost myself.”


 “Why do I want bloodline Immortal Gu? I need to use it in the super Gu formation and increase its power!”


 “It is difficult because I am borrowing so many Immortal Gu? Why are you troubled? This is not my first time borrowing Gu!”


 “What? Borrowing Immortal Gu in Wu clan’s internal treasury requires the first supreme elder’s approval?”


 Fang Yuan contacted Wu Yong.


 “Elder brother, quickly lend me a hand!”


 Wu Yong was controlling the Immortal Gu House and rapidly moving, hearing his brother’s words, he replied: “What happened? What help do you need?”


 “I am sure you know about the situation, brother, I am controlling the super Gu formation now. This is a great opportunity! It can allow our Wu clan to control this resource point and suppress the other clans, we will be free from our difficult situation!” Fang Yuan spoke sincerely.


 Wu Yong was silent for a moment.


 This battlefield was not sealed, Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals could communicate with their clans using information path methods.


 Over at Wu clan, they only had Fang Yuan and Wu Liao, along with Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Thus, all of the reinforcements were familiar with the battlefield’s situation, Wu Yong was no exception.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan salvaged the situation and took over Chi Gui’s spot in the super Gu formation, Wu Yong naturally knew about this.


 When he first heard it, he was a little surprised, he did not expect his own brother to have such a strong formation path attainment. But Wu Yong quickly accepted it.


 Why?


 Because earlier, Fang Yuan had competed with Chi Shang in terms of formation path, among them, Qiao Si Liu was involved, rumors about them had caused a commotion in Southern Border for some time.


 Fang Yuan exposed his formation path attainment, everyone was shocked about it, but because of that, everyone could accept this result easily.


 If Wu Yi Hai were a Gu Immortal born and bred in Southern Border, he would face great suspicion. The great thing was, Wu Yi Hai came from Eastern Sea, the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not know much about him.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan had ample room to act and perform.


 Wu Yong heard Fang Yuan’s words: He could use reputation restriction Immortal Gu to reinforce the super Gu formation and gain more benefits for Wu clan.


 He hesitated.


 But his hesitation had no suspicion in it.


 He believed Fang Yuan.


 He had not suspected that Wu Yi Hai was an impostor from the very start.


 His hesitation was about how reliable Fang Yuan’s plan was, and how successful it could be? If the chances of success were low, and if they failed, what would Wu clan’s political situation become?


 These were all things that Wu Yong had to consider, as a person in power, he needed to have foresight, he could not focus solely on immediate benefits.



***
Chapter 1370 - Shadow Sect’s New Leader?!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Yong’s hesitation did not last long, he quickly decided to act according to Fang Yuan’s plan.


 This was a great opportunity!


 It was a good chance for Wu clan.


 Wu Yong had been defending Wu clan and resisting the challenges sent by all the other clans earlier, it was quite a tough time, he did not want to face it again.


 And he also understood, as long as he, as a rank eight Gu Immortal, did not die, Wu clan would have enough foundation in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, they would never truly fall!


 Lend him!


 Fang Yuan wants reputation restriction Immortal Gu, he will get to borrow it.


 Bloodline Immortal Gu?


 Lent.


 But his action was not blindly decided.


 Wu Yong and Wu clan’s Gu Immortals listened to the reasons for Fang Yuan’s borrowing. If there was any inconsistencies or illogical points, they would retort and reject him.


 Such vigilance was the tradition of all the super forces.


 Immortal Gu were unique, any Immortal Gu, even rank six, counted as the foundation of a super force.


 Immortal Gu could not be lent out easily!


 Fang Yuan had to make up logical reasons in this short time period, it was not easy.


 But eventually, he still borrowed six Immortal Gu!


 “Six Immortal Gu is about enough, if we lend more, do you have enough immortal essence to use them?” Wu Yong rejected Fang Yuan’s request in a nice manner.


 Six Immortal Gu lent to one person, it was a huge risk.


 Not that Wu clan suspected Wu Yi Hai’s identity, but if anything happened to him, these Immortal Gu would be lost, it would be a huge loss to Wu clan’s foundation.


 Never put all your eggs into one basket, everyone understood this logic.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply: “Oh! Brother, your reminder is true, I do not have much red date immortal essence left. Brother, lend me some immortal essence stones, I need to replenish my immortal essence!”


 He decided to get some more benefits.


 Wu Yong did not hesitate, he approved of it. An emperor has no use for hungry soldiers, without immortal essence, all those Immortal Gu were useless. After lending out so many Immortal Gu, they had to make sure they were used properly, right?


 Fang Yuan obtained a hundred thousand immortal essence stones.


 Wu clan was a super force indeed, this showed their tremendous foundation.


 “Use it sparingly.”


 “The immortal essence stones and Immortal Gu are all lent to you, remember to be vigilant and careful!”


 Wu Yong told Fang Yuan concernedly.


 Fang Yuan quickly acknowledged it.


 Immortal Gu and immortal essence stones were transmitted over through treasure yellow heaven rapidly into Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Treasure yellow heaven went into a commotion!


 Once Fang Yuan obtained them, he quickly turned the immortal essence stones into his immortal essence, while tossing those six Immortal Gu into Reverse Flow River.


 Suppressed entirely! 

 After this battle, Wu Yi Hai’s identity would definitely be exposed.


 Just a few words from Heavenly Court would attract sufficient suspicion. Fang Yuan could not pass intense investigations, just soul searching or checking his immortal aperture would expose him.


 Thus, before running, he had to dig out the last bit of benefits possible!


 “It is a huge pity I could not borrow any Immortal Gu House.” Fang Yuan pursed his lips, even though he scammed Wu clan to this extent, he was not fully satisfied.


 For any super force, Immortal Gu Houses had much greater significance than Immortal Gu.


 They could not be lent out to Fang Yuan no matter what!


 Similar to nuclear weapons on Earth, they were the last resorts of certain countries, they could not be lent out.


 Unless Fang Yuan became someone like Wu Yong who had the greatest authority in Wu clan, then nobody would say anything about him having an Immortal Gu House.


 Like how Hei Cheng borrowed Dark Prison due to the four Hei tribe supreme elders being forced to stay together as a result of cultivating Green City Rampage and being unable to go out alone. Hei Cheng only managed to gain his authority as a result of this.


 If Fang Yuan asked to borrow Immortal Gu House, Wu Yong’s first thought would be: “My brother wants to borrow an Immortal Gu House, after this battle, if he does not return it, and uses this Immortal Gu House together with Qiao clan’s help to resist me, what would I do?”


 Also, Immortal Gu Houses could not be completely sent over using treasure yellow heaven.


 Immortal Gu Houses were Gu formations, nobody could use Gu formations or killer moves in treasure yellow heaven.


 Thus, to send an Immortal Gu House over, it had to be split apart, but reconstructing an Immortal Gu House was very difficult.


 Immortal Gu Houses were the apex of formation path, to create an Immortal Gu House, even if one knew about the steps involved, a formation path Gu Immortal still needed to focus entirely and put in hard work.


 Any carelessness and the creation would fail, this was similar to setting up a formation, the Gu Immortal would face a backlash and the Gu formation and Immortal Gu House would also end in the same result.


 The risks were too great, lending Fang Yuan so many Immortal Gu and immortal essence stones was Wu clan’s limit.


 This was also due to Fang Yuan being Wu Yong’s brother, and the fact that he had contributed a lot to Wu clan recently. If not for Frosty Peak, Moon Bowl, and Mount Snail, Fang Yuan would not be able to borrow it.


 Fang Yuan was profiting on the side, watching Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court go against each other while he reaped benefits.


 Even though he tried very hard, the situation did not go according to his wishes, Heavenly Court’s Duke Long was too powerful, beyond his imagination.


 Shadow Sect lost and Heavenly Court won, this was basically assured.


 Even Spectral Soul’s main body had been captured, if Shadow Sect had any other methods, they already would have been used up.


 Speaking of which, Shadow Sect’s foundation was truly deep. It was a pity that their losses were too severe on Yi Tian Mountain when they tried to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu!


 The loss was too great, they were unable to recover.


 On their last breaths, they were still faced with Fang Yuan’s pursuit, they could not develop properly.


 “But I have captured Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, and gained a lot of heavenly crystals, the upper extreme heavenly eagle is currently being nurtured. And now, I scammed six Immortal Gu and a hundred thousand immortal essence stones from Wu clan, my gains are actually huge!”


 Fang Yuan was good at reaping benefits.


 Until this point, he did not fight to the death, he did not put in much effort, but his gains were still stunning.


 “Unfortunately, dark limit Immortal Gu cannot be retrieved, I cannot take it out recklessly now, if the Gu formation breaks apart, I will need to face Fairy Zi Wei.”


 “There is also another problem, that is Wu clan’s alliance agreement. I joined Wu clan and underwent an agreement, there is also the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, they are still inside Wu clan’s ancestral hall!”


 This final problem gave Fang Yuan a headache.


 The reason why he scammed six Immortal Gu was for this problem as well. If Wu clan used this relationship to try and harm Fang Yuan, he could use the six Wu clan Immortal Gu that he possessed to negotiate with them on that basis.


 A great chess player would need to plan multiple steps ahead when making a move.


 Even though Fang Yuan was still stuck in the battlefield now, he was planning for the future.


 “Demonic path members are truly insidious and greedy beyond hope. Even before death, you are still scamming others. Oh Fang Yuan, your crimes are too severe, you will die today without doubt! Forget about running away, because with me around, you have no hope of escaping.” At this time, Fairy Zi Wei’s voice resounded from the super Gu formation.


 Fairy Zi Wei must have known about the matter of Fang Yuan borrowing Immortal Gu and immortal essence stones from Wu clan.


 There was no helping it, treasure yellow heaven was like this, it was an open market, any transaction could be exposed easily.


 How could Heavenly Court not have methods to observe treasure yellow heaven and keep it under surveillance?


 Fang Yuan sneered: “This is the result of Heavenly Court not exposing me earlier. It seems that you have no conclusive proof. Actually, even if you do, so what? Will Wu clan believe you? Will Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world believe you abruptly? They will only believe in what they have verified themselves. These righteous path forces are like this, any sort of matter would be a political scheme in their eyes.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was silent, she did not speak.


 She understood thoroughly that Fang Yuan was completely immersed into the demonic path, his mind was firm and determined, words could not sway him.


 Fairy Zi Wei chose not to waste her effort on pointless attempts.


 Her speed in invading the super Gu formation became quicker now.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, realizing that this was bad.


 At this rate, even if the upper extreme heavenly eagle matured, it would be too late. The super Gu formation would break apart in advance.


 He had the information path reputation restriction Immortal Gu now.


 His plan was to use this Immortal Gu to control the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 But Fang Yuan did not have much confidence in this.


 Because the upper extreme heavenly eagle was an immemorial desolate beast, it had rank eight battle strength, while reputation restriction Immortal Gu was just rank seven. The only thing that gave Fang Yuan hope was that he indeed had strong reputation, he could hopefully use it to allow reputation restriction Immortal Gu to display incredible power.


 If it did not work, he would need to release the rampaging upper extreme heavenly eagle and create chaos, to find a chance to escape.


 The battlefield was divided into four parts now.


 The first and most crucial area was the battle between Purple Mountain True Monarch and Duke Long. They were fighting inside Shadow Sect’s blessed land, the situation was unknown, but Duke Long had the advantage, it was highly likely that he would emerge victorious.


 The second area was Heaven Overseeing Tower and Zuo Ye Hui, they were unable to defeat each other. Both sides were injured now, even with Zuo Ye Hui’s incredible recovery speed, it was still covered in wounds, Heaven Overseeing Tower’s edges were also breaking apart, it was no longer as grand as before.


 The third area was the fight between the Southern Border Gu Immortals and soul beasts, nothing much was happening.


 The fourth area was Fairy Zi Wei’s and Fang Yuan’s fight over the super Gu formation’s control. This battlefield was the most secretive, even the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals were kept in the dark.


 In Fang Yuan’s opinion, it was a foregone conclusion, Heavenly Court was sure to win. In this situation, he could only escape and his plan of fishing for benefits was over.


 But Fang Yuan was an old demon, even if he was about to be defeated, his gains were tremendous.


 “Now, it is time to see if I can escape!”


 Right when Fang Yuan was working hard on this goal, he received Purple Mountain True Monarch’s words: “Fang Yuan, can we continue to cooperate?”


 Fang Yuan’s interest was roused: “Of course.”


 “Hehehe, very good, I was not wrong about you!”


 “I will entrust everything to you. My Immortal Gu, my killer moves, my experiences... and you will not need to bear any responsibility or task.”


 “Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, White Rabbit, Miao Yin and Sixth Hair, they will all be your subordinates!”


 “From now onwards, you will be the leader of Shadow Sect!”



***
Chapter 1371 - Demise of Purple (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Letting me become the leader of Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


 Unbelievable!


 He had never imagined the situation would develop like this.


 “I am enemies with Shadow Sect, I even took their sovereign immortal fetus Gu.”


 “Why is Purple Mountain True Monarch doing this?”


 “What scheme does he have?”


 Countless thoughts were moving and colliding in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch, what is the meaning of this?” Fang Yuan was silent before asking.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch explained: “Hehehe, Fang Yuan, no need to worry that this is a scheme, there is no such thing. Because I am about to die! Spectral Soul was captured, Duke Long is here personally, he will not let me off.”


 “The great era is coming, Fang Yuan!”


 “Heavenly Court wants to be the leader of the five regions and rule all of humanity.”


 “Heavenly Court will not let you off, because you are not Zhao Lian Yun, you are a complete otherworldly demon, you have the sovereign immortal aperture as well as the luck path true inheritance.”


 “You do not belong to this world, you are a defier of fate, a source of chaos, the biggest uncertainty in heaven and earth.”


 “You are the target of Heavenly Court’s extermination, if you do not get rid of Heavenly Court, they will eradicate you!”


 “My Shadow Sect had once wanted to defy the way of heaven and become a venerable again. But Heavenly Court was our greatest obstacle, even though we lost, I would rather pass you everything than give them to our enemies. Hahaha.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch said this and laughed.


 Fang Yuan pondered: “Even in death, not letting enemies have an easy time? This makes sense. However, I need to probe something.”


 Thinking of this, he asked Purple Mountain True Monarch: “You have once said that the sovereign immortal body possessed a huge flaw, what is it?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch chuckled: “Haven’t you noticed this flaw? It is not hard to guess, the answer is food. Your sovereign immortal body was not created by human reproduction, even though it has flesh and blood, the origin is different. The essence of a rank nine Immortal Gu remains. Since it is like a rank nine Immortal Gu, it definitely needs to be fed!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, “I had guessed this long ago, what I want to ask is, what exactly does sovereign immortal fetus Gu eat?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch laughed loudly: “Didn’t you guess it? You are merely testing my sincerity. I will tell you.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch said his answer, Fang Yuan sucked in a deep breath after hearing it.


 Like what he had expected, sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s food was what he had guessed earlier.


 “In that case, I have a huge problem!”


 “But Purple Mountain True Monarch actually told me directly, he indeed seems sincere...”


 Inside Shadow Sect’s blessed land.


 Countless soul beasts formed into an army and charged at Duke Long like a shocking tide.


 Duke Long was encircled by the soul beast army, his body was smaller than any of the soul beasts, but he had terrifying battle strength, even though the soul beasts were numerous, regardless of their cultivation level, they all fell to Duke Long.


 Duke Long waved his dragon claws.


 Swish!


 With a soft sound, a claw mark could be seen, it almost pierced space, along the way, soul beasts were torn apart, without putting up any resistance.


 Among these dead soul beasts, there were desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, but under Duke Long’s claws, they were like tofu, soft and mercilessly slaughtered.


 “A bunch of trash, no matter how many you send, it is useless.” Duke Long floated in the sky, his body was tall and straight, resembling the peak of a mountain, his dragon horns were sharp and ruthless, his dragon eyes were shining with a cold light.


 With him at the center, in the radius of a thousand steps, there was no living beings, a vast number of soul beast corpses were piled up.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had already hidden in the soul beast army, his whereabouts were unknown.


 Duke Long was besieged by the soul beast army for so long, yet he was unharmed.


 He was expressionlessly looking at a certain location on the ground. Over there, the door of life and death was opened, countless soul beasts were coming out from inside like a geyser.


 Soul beasts had the natural survival instinct to avoid danger, but after such a long time of being inside, the door of life and death was Spectral Soul’s domain.


 The soul beasts inside the door of life and death were controlled by Spectral Soul to an extent, they were incredible loyal to Shadow Sect and would not care about sacrifices, they listened to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s orders and attacked Duke Long, even though it was hopeless.


 “Door of life and death...” Duke Long pondered.


 This was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, unique in this world.


 It was also one of Duke Long’s targets in this journey.


 “After taking the door of life and death, when fate Immortal Gu recovers completely, any life form’s soul upon death, without exception, would need to enter the door of life and death.”


 “By then, with this secluded domain of heaven and earth, Heavenly Court’s rule will be absolute!”


 From Duke Long’s perspective, once he used a strong move like triple qi retraction, Shadow Sect’s blessed land would be incredibly fragile.


 But now, in order to not destroy the door of life and death, Duke Long decided to use another method.


 Boom!


 Duke Long flew out rapidly, he moved like a flying dragon, rampaging without fear, all the soul beasts around him were sent flying, before countless air currents sliced them into pieces.


 “Just a tiny split soul, where do you think you’re hiding?” Duke Long spoke as he slammed with his hand.


 Rumble!


 A huge translucent mountain created from air currents descended and pressed down immediately.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch gritted his teeth, he had to show up and resist it.


 Both sides fought as the air current mountain was expended by half, Purple Mountain True Monarch coughed out blood, he was tossed away like a kite with its strings cut.


 “What are you resisting for? Do you still have hope?” Duke Long snorted coldly, he attacked again mercilessly with an imposing aura.


 “Hope, huh...” Purple Mountain True Monarch knew that he could not survive this battle. This was his final moment in life. His gaze couldn’t help but become slightly hazy.


 More than a hundred thousand years ago.


 Seven people emerged from the door of life and death.


 “Huff! We finally got out of the door of life and death, we revived!”


 “There are only seven of us now.”


 “Thankfully, Reverse Flow River is not around, otherwise, how could we have left?”


 “Now that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable is dead, let’s go, we carry the hope of our main body to return to rank nine!”


 That year, Shadow Sect was established, the first generation split souls were known as Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Azure, Blue, and Purple.


 “That means, I am Purple.” Purple Mountain True Monarch looked at the water, seeing his reflection, he looked far away: “Let’s start cultivating, we need strength!”


 ...


 Many years later.


 Rumble!


 A huge explosion occurred as the Gu formation shattered, smoke started to appear.


 “We got through, as expected of Purple, you are really amazing. We actually managed to destroy the Gu formation that Limitless Demon Venerable created.” Yellow laughed loudly.


 Yellow patted Purple’s shoulder, asking: “Purple, among us, you cultivate wisdom path, what is your wisdom path attainment level now?”


 “Great grandmaster.” Purple answered plainly.


 Yellow’s mouth was opened mouth: “Heavens, you are the first great grandmaster among us!”


 Purple looked at Yellow: “What is there to be surprised about? Don’t forget, we are the main body’s split souls, we carry a portion of his cultivation experiences.”


 Yellow nodded: “That’s right, the best thing to be happy about is this Limitless true inheritance. We got past Limitless Demon Venerable’s final test, this true inheritance is ours.”


 “That’s right, this way, our hope of executing our major plan has increased.” Purple smiled lightly: “If it develops like this, we will continue to gain more true inheritances and resources, we will grow stronger and pave the way for our main body.”


 ...


 Many years passed again.


 “Heaven’s will! To think that it has such great power. Even Azure suffered a loss, what do we do now?”


 “The higher our cultivation level, the stronger Shadow Sect’s forces become, and the more heaven’s will targets us. At this rate, we will have huge problems.”


 “It is not hard to settle Azure’s matter, I have a way, that is to refine wisdom sword Immortal Gu. As for heaven’s will... I will think of a way.” Purple said this as he squinted.


 ...


 “Even though Azure is no longer bounded by love, his second venerable ascension attempt failed completely.”


 “What else can we do?”


 “How can we resist heaven’s will?”


 Purple started to enter deep seclusion, trying his best to find a way.


 Finally, he found a method.


 “Assimilate with heaven’s will? Let myself become part of heaven’s will temporarily.”


 “Even though it is dangerous, the idea is good, we will enter the enemy’s base and learn about a portion of heaven’s will’s plans.”


 “But there is something to note, if the assimilation is long term, heaven’s will might take me over and I will truly become part of heaven’s will entirely.”


 “I need to find a way to maintain my own consciousness.”


 After a long and difficult deduction.


 “Hmm, I finally deduced it... I will name this method purple gold rock. Against heaven’s will, even though hope is small, there is still a trace of it! Cough, cough, cough.”


 He suddenly covered his mouth, coughing violently for some time, as blood flowed out from the gaps between his fingers.


 ...


 Time continued to pass, at some point in time.


 The purple gold rock broke as Purple woke up.


 “Where is this? How long has it been?” Looking at the unknown environment, Purple was dazed.


 “Most of the first generation split souls have died. Only a few are left, they are like me, barely alive. Sigh... thankfully, Shadow Sect is developing well.”


 Purple let out a deep sigh as he looked at the sky.


 “Heaven’s will.” He had a solemn gaze.


 ...


 “Grandpa, drink some water.” One day, Purple woke up and found a pair of master and servant beside him.


 A young girl wearing elegant clothes along with a muscular female servant.


 “Third young miss, don’t bother with this old beggar, oh, you are too kindhearted, this old beggar is not a member of our village, why are you involved with him?” The female servant looked at Purple, her Gu Master aura unconcealed.


 Purple looked at himself, smiling bitterly.



***
Chapter 1372 - Demise of Purple (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Purple Mountain True Monarch realized that his clothes were extremely tattered, he had a wrinkled face covered in dust and mud, he was scrawny and dirty.


 But soon, he looked at the female Gu Master in front of him, thinking: “It’s her? The crucial person in fate? No, this feeling is not her, it is her descendant.”


 The female Gu Master left behind some food before leaving with the servant.


 That night, Purple went to her and left a true inheritance in her dream.


 “This true inheritance is a little messy, it has wisdom path, transformation path, and also food path. I’ll call it Black Tigress true inheritance.”


 “Oh, I wonder if it will be effective, can I influence anything?”


 “But there is still hope at least, right?”


 Purple left silently.


 ...


 Northern Plains, in a cave.


 “She’s here.” Purple Mountain True Monarch thought to himself.


 A young Lady Wan Shou charged into this place, upon seeing Purple Mountain True Monarch, her heart sank to rock bottom: “So senior, you were already here, this junior will leave, I don’t dare disturb senior from taking this true inheritance.”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s aura made Lady Wan Shou’s heart palpitate.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch looked at her, thinking: “This is the girl.”


 He said: “Little girl, you could become a Gu Immortal at such a young age, and also know your own limits, knowing when to retreat or advance, quite good. I don’t have the qualifications to take this true inheritance. I am willing to give this true inheritance to you, but, after you inherit it, you need to tell me of its contents. You will also owe me a favor, if there is a situation in the future, you must help the person who uses this information path Gu worm.”


 ...


 “Hmph, you can kill me however you want! But I will never beg for mercy.” The female Gu Master lying on the ground said stubbornly.


 Purple laughed.


 “Little girl, you are quite interesting. You remind me of the past. Meeting me is your great fortune.”


 Saying this, Purple stretched out his index finger, pointing on the female Gu Master’s forehead.


 “This is a fire path true inheritance, I am giving you the first half. When you reach rank five and become a Gu Master expert, you can find the second half somewhere in Northern Plains, if you manage to obtain it, you might be able to become an immortal.”


 Saying this, Purple vanished.


 “Immortal ascension? This old beggar is crazy, is he a Gu Immortal?!” The female Gu Master recovered after a long time.


 She left this place filled with shock and suspicion.


 Purple stood on the cloud, looking at the departing female Gu Master, he muttered: “This girl is quite special, not only is there the smell of fate, she is also receiving heaven’s will’s attention. I’m afraid that one of her close relatives becomes a pawn of heaven’s will in the future.”


 ...


 “Hehehe, young man, I have three true inheritances here.”


 “The first can allow you to bathe in flames and step on fire, surpassing the mortal realm. The second can allow you to control wind and fly in the air, roaming the world freely. The third can allow you to surpass life and death, gaining the ability to assist the world’s people. Which one will you chose? Think about it and tell me.”


 The young Tai Bai Yun Sheng thought for a while and said: “The third one!”


 “Another source of hope.”


 “Sigh... it has been almost a hundred thousand years.”


 “I hope that the seeds of hope that I spread will accumulate sufficiently to help our main body’s plan.”


 ...


 Roar!


 A dragon roar resounded in the entire blessed land.


 Duke Long spat out dragon flames and directly hit Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch sacrificed his own arm to block his attack, before retreating.


 Duke Long grabbed, Purple Mountain True Monarch felt intense pain in his heart. After some struggling, half of his skeleton was smashed to bits by Duke Long.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch endured the pain, even though he could not move, he still tried to use Gu worms to dodge.


 Duke Long’s expression was still cold: “Want to know why you lost?”


 He looked at Purple Mountain True Monarch like a cat looking at a mouse.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch coughed as he spat out some blood, looking at Duke Long: “I am listening.”


 Duke Long smiled coldly, vanishing on the spot before appearing in front of Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 A tough fist!


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s stomach was hit by the fist, the unparalleled force directly broke through his abdomen and created a huge hole.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was like a cannonball, crashing into the ground and creating a deep pit.


 “You tried to partially assimilate with heaven’s will, the truth is, Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had done that eons ago. She is the creator of wisdom path, how could you possibly play tricks before her very eyes?”


 “The latter half of your life was spent doing one thing, that was to fight for pawns against heaven’s will. But unfortunately, you were assimilated with heaven’s will, you are one of heaven’s will’s pawns too.”


 Duke Long said this as he descended.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch gritted his teeth, exerting his strength to fly out of the pit.


 He flew backwards and landed on the ground, coughing out blood again.


 His stomach was held together by two pieces of skin, but he no longer bled, he had used healing methods already.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had a pale expression, his body was wavering, all he saw was darkness, using only his will to maintain his consciousness, he tried not to faint.


 Duke Long gradually landed on the ground, he did not pursue him, stretching out his index finger to point at Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Boom!


 A grand beam of light shot out intensely.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s entire body was flickering with purple light, but under Duke Long’s unstoppable attacks, he was thrown into the sky, before crashing onto the ground, his body covered by a pool of blood.


 “As for the second reason you failed, I am sure you have guessed it. That’s right, this dream realm has been taken over by heaven’s will. The longer the dream realm manifests, the deeper the infiltration of heaven’s will in this place.”


 “This time, my Heavenly Court was blessed to have gained the guidance of Star Constellation heaven’s will, we have already understood the condition and location of Spectral Soul’s main body.


 “Oh, and that Fang Yuan, it is quite ironic, if he hid somewhere else, we would not have been able to find him, but because he was here to explore the dream realm, he was completely exposed to heaven’s will.”


 “He attempted to defy the will of heaven, he deserves death, he will die today without doubt.”


 Duke Long stepped forward.


 During which, countless soul beasts gathered, it was a completely dark area filled with endlessly killing intent against Duke Long.


 Duke Long continued moving forward, without looking above himself, he raised his left arm and grasped lightly.


 Rumble!


 There was a huge explosion, during that period, countless soul beasts broke apart, smashed into smithereens.


 Duke Long had quasi-rank nine battle strength indeed, primarily cultivating qi path and transformation path secondarily. He was now using his qi path methods, in front of him, the soul beast army was like a fragile toy army.


 He moved forward, his body was tough and his hair was fluttering.


 Getting to Purple Mountain True Monarch, Duke Long stood and observed Purple Mountain True Monarch by his feet.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch lay on the ground, his arms were trembling, he was trying to sit up, he wanted to stand.


 He wanted to continue fighting.


 Thus, Duke Long looked at him quietly, seeing him exert all his strength to stand up against him.


 But Purple Mountain True Monarch was too heavily injured, he had no way of fighting back.


 Even the action of standing was too tough for him.


 But just when he was about to fall, Duke Long attacked and grabbed Purple Mountain True Monarch’s neck.


 Duke Long used his pincer-like hand to grab Purple Mountain True Monarch, holding him up towards the sky.


 “How does it feel to have your hopes dashed? Attempting to defy fate will result in such a pitiful ending. Even a venerable’s soul is no different.” Duke Long said coldly.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch grabbed Duke Long’s arms weakly: “Cough, cough, cough, I... indeed... have no hope... but that does not mean that others... have... no... hope... hehehe.”


 Duke Long’s expression changed, his sharp dragon eyes gazed at Purple Mountain True Monarch’s body.


 “No wonder you are so weak.”


 “You sent a portion of your Immortal Gu away!”


 “You are truly unrepentant.”


 “Even you could not succeed, what can the rest of Shadow Sect do?”


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s face was purple, he could not breathe, he could not speak.


 He could only think to himself: “This person, is different...”


 “Oh Fang Yuan!”


 “You are definitely different!”


 “You are a complete otherworldly demon, the best person to resist fate.”


 “You are the greatest pawn chosen by heaven’s will to deal with Shadow Sect, but now, you have already escaped the manipulation of heaven’s will.”


 “I assimilated with heaven’s will to spread hope in this world and influence fate. Unfortunately, I failed. Like what Duke Long said, I had unknowingly become the pawn of heaven’s will. In the process of assimilating with heaven’s will, heaven’s will also assimilated me.”


 “I have no hope left, but Fang Yuan, you carry the biggest hope.”


 “Let me exert my final influence at the last moment of my life!”


 “Hehehe, I am really curious, after gaining the entirety of Shadow Sect, how far can you go?”


 “Go ahead and wreak havoc in this world, Fang Yuan!!”


 All of his internal thoughts were transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply: “A person near death...”


 He held no more suspicions: “I understand you, even though we were enemies... I will accept this and become the leader of Shadow Sect!”


 “Very good, very... good.” Purple Mountain True Monarch closed his eyes weakly.


 He grabbed onto Duke Long’s hands in the end, even though his movement was stiff, he did not let go.


 He did not go down without a fight!


 At this moment, Purple Mountain True Monarch truly died from combat!


 His messy purple hair was no longer shiny. After a hundred thousand years, his journey had come to an end.


 This person who had fought endlessly in his life, he had finally rested.


 Even though he failed and lost his life, at the final moment of his life, he still continued to spread hope.


 He died with great expectations, perhaps this was the reason why he was still carrying a smile upon death.


 This was truly —


 A hundred thousand years of living in this world, being in a state of half clarity and half insanity.


 Staring at heaven without bowing down, before his death he gifts the source of chaos 1 .



***
Chapter 1373 - Acknowledging Fang Yuan as the Leader


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had no more life force, he was now a corpse.


 “What a clean death.” Duke Long snorted, his cold dragon eyes could see both the inside and outside of Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had many Immortal Gu originally, but he had sent most of them away, while the rest had died along with him.


 Not just that, his soul was dissipating quickly.


 Duke Long wanted to stop him but he could not.


 The more surprising thing was that Purple Mountain True Monarch’s corpse had many dao marks originally, but now, they were all dissipating.


 He truly left no resources to Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long let go with his hand, as the Purple Mountain True Monarch corpse with zero value fell to the ground.


 Soul beasts roared and surrounded Duke Long.


 But because of his great power, none of the soul beasts dared to attack him.


 The soul beasts were far bigger than Duke Long’s body, but he could actually moved confidently and slowly, unhindered.


 “As expected of the door of life and death, there are a great number of soul beasts here, even if I kill some, more will appear, they are endless.” Duke Long sighed softly.


 The door of life and death was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it had existed since the creation of the world 1 . Thinking about it, throughout history, the souls of all living beings that died would reside here.


 Only after Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu did souls gain the ability to remain in the outside world.


 Thus, deep inside the door of life and death, only Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would know how many soul beasts or souls there truly were.


 Duke Long did not pay attention to these soul beasts.


 Even immemorial soul beasts were just small issues to Duke Long. Unless it were a legendary immemorial desolate beast like Zuo Ye Hui or Mao Li Qiu, then he would have to deal with them seriously.


 “Spectral Soul has been captured and most of the split souls are dead. It is time to go outside and sweep the battlefield.”


 Duke Long had the immortal killer move dragon gate, he could freely enter and exit blessed lands and grotto-heavens.


 Even if Shadow Sect’s blessed land closed its entrance, it could not trap him.


 But when he was about to move, the entire blessed land started shaking, cracks were forming in the sky, like a shattering mirror.


 “Hmm?” Duke Long frowned slightly: “The entirety of Shadow Sect’s blessed land is self-detonating? As expected of a demon.”


 This way, Duke Long had no choice but to give up his earlier plan.


 He had to take out the door of life and death before the blessed land was destroyed.


 If the blessed land was destroyed, it would create the winds of assimilations, this important secluded domain of heaven and earth would not be safe.


 Grrr!


 The soul beast army growled with fear in their vocalizations.


 This world was getting destroyed, these soul beasts felt that a calamity was coming.


 More and more soul beasts went into chaos.


 Duke Long went against the tide and slaughtered a bunch of soul beasts, ending up in front of the door of life and death.


 At the same time, outside Shadow Sect’s blessed land.


 “We cannot take it anymore!” Several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies flew out of dream realms one by one.


 They were not complete extreme physique bodies, they had flaws.


 Even though they had dream path dao marks, they could not stay inside dream realms indefinitely.


 Once time was up, they would have to come out.


 But when the righteous path Gu Immortals in Southern Border wanted to kill them, the super Gu formation activated and the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were teleported away.


 These Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were created using the cocoons of light by Purple Mountain True Monarch, who expended his own soul.


 In terms of identity, they were considered Shadow Sect split souls, they were the lingering split souls of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 However, their battle strength was unreliable, Purple Mountain True Monarch had only given them some mortal Gu before dying.


 And their thoughts and foundation were vastly different from Purple Mountain True Monarch, they were like new entities.


 “Greetings to Shadow Sect’s new leader!” After seeing Fang Yuan, they paid respects to him.


 Before Purple Mountain True Monarch died, he had arranged everything.


 Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Miao Yin, Black Tigress, they all came out of the immortal apertures of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 Facing Fang Yuan, these people had interesting expressions.


 “Miao Yin pays respects to lord sect leader!” Fairy Miao Yin spoke first.


 She and Qiao Si Liu were among the three great fairies in Southern Border, her voice was alluring, her clothes were a beautiful pink, her body was alluring and her eyes were deep set, her nose was tall and her eyes were seductive.


 “Lord sect leader!” Black Tigress followed.


 Her expression was stiff, not long ago, she had fought and wanted to kill Fang Yuan.


 But now, fate worked in mysterious ways, Fang Yuan became her leader in such a short time.


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, sighing deeply: “Hei Lou Lan pays respects to lord sect leader.”


 She had worked together with Fang Yuan, became enemies with him, and was even saved by him before.


 She also used her aunt, Blazing Heaven Demoness, to trap Fang Yuan.


 But later, during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, because of a change of events, she had to join Shadow Sect and undergo a tough alliance agreement.


 Precisely so, after Fang Yuan took over Shadow Sect, he could decide her life and death.


 Hei Lou Lan had to lower her head.


 “To think that the day would come when we work together again.” Bai Ning Bing stood alone, she crossed her arms as her dragon eyes shined with cold light, she sighed as she looked at Fang Yuan.


 Her relationship with Fang Yuan went even further back.


 From Qing Mao Mountain, they had traveled together. And now, both of them had their respective fortuitous encounters, they met again and became allies once more, it was truly interesting.


 As for Ying Wu Xie, he was still in a dream realm.


 Fang Yuan looked at these Gu Immortals.


 His gaze swept past the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. They had short lifespan, they would detonate when time was up. The higher their cultivation level, the shorter their lives.


 Thus, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were cannon fodder.


 Among the members of Shadow Sect, the only ones important to Fang Yuan were Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress.


 There was also Sixth Hair, the spy of Shadow Sect inside Lang Ya blessed land, he counted as the sixth person.


 Among these six, Hei Lou Lan was the most trustworthy one to Fang Yuan, because she could not betray him. Fairy Miao Yin and Lady Black Tigress were members of Shadow Sect due to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s true inheritances. After inheriting everything from Purple Mountain True Monarch, Fang Yuan had a good grasp over these two.


 Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair were split souls of Spectral Soul, since Fang Yuan became the new leader of Shadow Sect, they had to acknowledge him. As for whether they would follow his orders and act with enthusiasm, that would depend on Fang Yuan’s leadership skill.


 Bai Ning Bing was the hardest to control.


 She had set an alliance agreement with Shadow Sect, they had equal status. Even when Purple Mountain True Monarch was still around, Bai Ning Bing did not show them much respect, not to mention Fang Yuan, who had just become the leader of Shadow Sect.


 In this instant, all sorts of thoughts flashed through Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Next, he said: “Hei Lou Lan, look after the super Gu formation for me, I need to wake Ying Wu Xie up.”


 He was controlling the super Gu formation to resist Fairy Zi Wei, it was very hard for him to split his concentration on any complex killer moves.


 The reason why he chose Hei Lou Lan was because she was the most trustworthy among the five.


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 Fang Yuan succeeded in saving Ying Wu Xie, allowing him to escape the dream realm.


 However, even though Ying Wu Xie was awake, his condition was not normal.


 He was listless, he had no fighting spirit at all, he was lying down on the ground like his back was removed.


 He had been completely broken.


 Spectral Soul was captured, Purple Mountain True Monarch died, Ying Wu Xie’s hopes and dreams were shattered.


 He felt like there was no future left, it was bleak and there was absolutely no hope.


 Since his life began, the goal of saving his main body had always motivated him and driven him forward. But now that this goal was crushed, Ying Wu Xie lost all his drive.


 “Even though they were all split souls, he is still too young. He has not lived as long as Purple Mountain True Monarch, since the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, how long has passed?”


 Fang Yuan realized as he urged: “Where are the inheritances that Purple Mountain True Monarch left in your immortal aperture? Pass them to me.”


 Even though Ying Wu Xie was dejected, he still acknowledged Fang Yuan’s identity and opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting out a purple will.


 The will was surrounded by rank eight immortal essence as well as Immortal Gu, floating in the air.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch?” Fang Yuan took a step back, feeling vigilant.


 Even though Purple Mountain True Monarch only had a will left, his immortal essence and Gu worms were a threat to him.


 The purple will slowly formed into Purple Mountain True Monarch’s appearance as he passed all of his immortal essence and Gu worms to Fang Yuan, like what he had promised earlier.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan refined all of the Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.


 Earlier, even though he communicated with Purple Mountain True Monarch, that was all he could do, he could not let Purple Mountain True Monarch send all of his inheritances into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had to pass these inheritances to Ying Wu Xie before Fang Yuan could take them.


 Of course, Purple Mountain True Monarch did not request anything from Fang Yuan, but his intention was clear.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch wanted Fang Yuan to save these people.


 Of course, if Fang Yuan refused, he would not be in danger.


 “To think that my gains this time will be this huge!” After getting the inheritances, Fang Yuan sighed.


 In his original plan, he wanted to exterminate Shadow Sect and get rid of Shadow Sect’s remnant forces. If he was lucky and went one step further, he would be able to capture Spectral Soul’s remnant soul.


 Of course, he did not bear much hope in that aspect.


 He knew how hard it was to capture souls. And even if he succeeded, the soul search would be extremely difficult.



***
Chapter 1374 - Flying Away


***





 Chapter 1374: Flying Away


 Spectral Soul was, after all, the founder of soul path, a rank nine venerable, one of the ten cultivators at the apex in the long span of history.


 It would be a joke if his soul could be easily searched!


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable cultivated space path and created divine concealment and ghostly concealment, which were in a permanently active state and did not use any immortal essence.


 Although Spectral Soul’s main body did not have immortal essence and Gu worms, he absolutely was not to be underestimated.


 When Purple Mountain True Monarch handed all his inheritances to Fang Yuan, making Fang Yuan the leader of Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan’s gains naturally greatly surpassed his previous expectations.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch wants me to save these people, even though he did not express this verbally. He was afraid I would be suspicious and not agree to accept his gift?”


 “He really put in a lot of effort for this.”


 “But if I can make good use of these people, they will indeed be a great help to me. They already have no other options, they are my natural allies.”


 “Heh, I’ll bring you all with me then.”


 Fang Yuan had never been a narrow-minded person.


 Even when he had just transmigrated to this world, he had been like this. His experiences in his previous life and this life made it such that he was much more open-minded than normal people.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Black Tigress had all betrayed him.


 But so what?


 Fang Yuan completely understood their actions.


 All these thoughts flashed in his mind for only a moment.


 Fang Yuan stored Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will into his sovereign immortal aperture as well.


 Without immortal essence and Immortal Gu, the threat level of this will of Purple Mountain True Monarch was close to zero.


 In the future, unless he had no choice, Fang Yuan would absolutely not give immortal essence and Immortal Gu for this purple will to use.


 The situation was pressing, Fang Yuan did not have time to inspect his gains, immediately communicating with the purple will in his immortal aperture.


 The question he asked was naturally about the method of controlling the upper extreme heavenly eagle that Purple Mountain True Monarch had mentioned before.


 It was very risky for Fang Yuan to use reverse flow protection seal right now. As such, the upper extreme heavenly eagle naturally became his first choice.


 The advantages of the upper extreme heavenly eagle in place of reverse flow protection seal was that it was faster and could move penetrate space. Moreover, it was an immemorial desolate beast and had an extremely tough body.


 Naturally, the precondition was for Fang Yuan to be able to control it.


 Although Fang Yuan had reputation restriction Immortal Gu, it was not his and he had only borrowed it from Wu clan, secondly, this Immortal Gu was rank seven and would probably not have enough strength to control the rank eight upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Fang Yuan soon learned of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s method.


 And surprisingly, he actually also knew of this method.


 This was an enslavement path method and had a relation to a person, this person’s name was somewhat strange, he was called Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


 He was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal who had a rough childhood, he was born as a slave. He used every opportunity he got and took risks to continuously grow, finally climbing to the peak of his life.


 He was an absolute genius of enslavement path in his generation.


 Normal enslavement path methods were to use a higher status to rule over lower status. But he did the opposite, using beasts of lower status to rule over those of a higher status.


 Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance had grasped Hundred and Eighty Slaves’ inheritance, and put a portion of its contents on sale to Zombie Alliance’s members.


 Shark Demon had once purchased a portion of Hundred and Eighty Slaves’ true inheritance content. He wanted to use groups of sharks to gain control over that one finger flow shark.


 Unfortunately, he was routed by Blazing Heaven Demoness, and with Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters being schemed by Shadow Sect, not only him, even his wife Su Bai Man was turned into Gu materials to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Shadow Sect’s foundation was extremely deep, Purple Mountain True Monarch was a first generation split soul, he definitely did not have just one method to enslave the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle. But what Purple Mountain True Monarch could offer right now was only this method of Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


 To speak of it, it was actually quite fortunate.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was in possession of many Immortal Gu, but earlier on, he had set up the purple blood river formation. And in his one hundred thousand years of life, he had been spreading true inheritances everywhere. It was not easy for his current variety of Gu worms to use a method of enslaving the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 “This immortal killer move is called hundred and eighty slaves, he used his own name for it, it seems that Hundred and Eighty Slaves regarded it as his main trump card and his proudest method.”


 “This killer move is not difficult, and I have all the required Immortal Gu as well. Its mortal Gu are common and can be bought from treasure yellow heaven. It seems... Shadow Sect had already modified hundred and eighty slaves.”


 “What I lack now are eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved rapidly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle continued to mature while large amounts of heavenly crystals were expended.


 Fang Yuan began to wantonly buy eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts from treasure yellow heaven.


 Transactions of live desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts had always had a huge market in treasure yellow heaven.


 But eagles were somewhat rare among these.


 Time was pressing, Fang Yuan did not have much choice, he hesitated slightly before making a decision.


 He recklessly proclaimed in treasure yellow heaven: “Purchasing eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts at a high price, we can trade with Immortal Gu as well!”


 In an instant, this caused an uproar.


 Using Immortal Gu to purchase desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts?


 Immortal Gu were unique and extremely difficult to refine, while desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts were easy to raise and cultivate.


 He was clearly trading at a loss.


 However, Fang Yuan had to disregard it.


 Soon, he attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals.


 “I have both desolate beast and ancient desolate beast mixed heavenly eagles, what Immortal Gu are you selling?” The first Gu Immortal asked.


 The mixed heavenly eagle was not a normal eagle, it had an eagle head and a human body, a pair of hands with five human fingers and sharp nails, its feet were that of an eagle, and it had eagle wings. It liked to use a long bone as a staff to fight.


 “This mixed heavenly eagle might have a peculiar appearance, but it is indeed an eagle, I can use it.” Fang Yuan thought, before inquiring: “How many do you have?”


 “I have thirty-three desolate beast mixed heavenly eagles and seven ancient mixed heavenly eagles.” That Gu Immortal responded.


 Fang Yuan nodded and said without hesitation: “I will buy them. I have a rank six Immortal Gu here.”


 “Only a rank six Immortal Gu? These are seven ancient desolate beasts.” The Gu Immortal said in a dissatisfied tone.


 Fang Yuan was even more dissatisfied, directly shouting: “Get lost if you are not selling!”


 That Gu Immortal’s attitude immediately changed: “Oh, don’t get so angry. I will sell, I will sell them! How could I not sell?”


 The moment this transaction was completed, it immediately created even more uproar in treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s transactions were open, everyone had personally seen both sides transacting.


 “He actually used an Immortal Gu to buy the desolate beasts? This is an unprecedented event!”


 “There is something wrong with this Gu Immortal’s brain! Although there are a lot of mixed heavenly eagles, how many immortal materials could they be turned into? Using equivalent immortal materials, they would only be barely enough for ten attempts in refining that rank six Immortal Gu he used.”


 Refining Immortal Gu was truly too difficult with extremely low success rate.


 Ten times looked like a lot, but in truth, there were many Gu Immortals who had to attempt fifty or sixty times to refine Immortal Gu.


 “It is not a fraud, right? Does this Immortal Gu has hidden problems?” A Gu Immortal was doubtful.


 “No chance! This is treasure yellow heaven, who can deceive it? The treasure light it emitted was genuine.”


 “My turn, I have rainbow chasing eagles, over a hundred of them.” Someone came to transact.


 Rainbow chasing eagles were rather small and were all desolate beasts, there had never been an ancient desolate beast level rainbow chasing eagle.


 This eagle did not have strong battle strength. Wild rainbow chasing eagles liked to chase after rainbows, there was little to comment on their other aspects, but in terms of speed, they were outstanding.


 “Alright, this rank six Immortal Gu is yours.” Fang Yuan directly was ready to buy it.


 The seller asked awkwardly: “Can we change it to another Immortal Gu? I had to raise these rainbow chasing eagles for over a hundred years before they could grow to this scale.”


 Fang Yuan’s stance was firm: “Get lost! Trade if you want, or screw off somewhere!”


 “Don’t, don’t, don’t.”


 “Are you trading or not?”


 “Trading, trading.”


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense snorted: “If I were not in urgent need of eagles, would you people be able to get such benefits? Hurry up, here, take your Immortal Gu, my time is precious.”


 Thereupon, the following Gu Immortals all started addressing Fang Yuan as senior.


 The scene was getting crowded, even the Gu Immortals who did not have eagle type desolate beasts gathered to watch this show, to see this eccentric character who was using Immortal Gu to buy desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s commotion naturally attracted the attention of many forces in the five regions.


 Among them was naturally Heavenly Court, as well as Longevity Heaven and so on.


 However, they were unable to stop Fang Yuan.


 Treasure yellow heaven had always maintained neutrality, no one could find its location and no one was able to exert influence on it.


 In just a short while, Fang Yuan had gathered enough eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 For this, Fang Yuan paid four Immortal Gu, three rank six and one rank seven.


 In return, the number of eagles he obtained was shocking, reaching over four hundred. Most of them were desolate beasts while twenty percent were ancient desolate beasts.


 At the same time, he had also gathered enough of the necessary mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan began to try activating the immortal killer move hundred and eighty slaves.


 He was careful because this was the first time he was using this move.


 His speed was slow, even though he could not afford to waste a single second in this current situation!


 Gu worms after Gu worms were activated, Fang Yuan’s progress was quite steady.


 Guh.


 Suddenly, his body shook as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 The activation had failed and the backlash caused him injuries. Large amounts of mortal Gu were destroyed and his mental energy was also expended by a lot.


 Man as Before!


 Instantly, Fang Yuan recovered.


 He had no expression on his face as he continued to activate the killer move hundred and eighty slaves.


 Failure.


 Another failure.


 After repeatedly failing for three times, by the fourth time, Fang Yuan resisted an intense headache, finally activating the killer move.


 A bunch of strange lights covered the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle raised its head and gave a clear and resonant cry, submitting itself to the rule of Fang Yuan.


 “Success!” Fang Yuan had no time to be happy as he heard Hei Lou Lan’s voice: “Quick, I am about to lose control over the Gu formation.”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, immediately letting out the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 “You will not escape!” Fairy Zi Wei’s slightly dismayed voice resounded.


 Fang Yuan had, under her nose, become the new leader of Shadow Sect, and was still trying to escape, he was truly disregarding Fairy Zi Wei.


 But right at this time, Fang Yuan let out Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will, along with immortal essence and a few Immortal Gu.


 “Fang Yuan, remember what I told you. Leave quickly.” The purple will said this and activated a killer move, pouncing at the super Gu formation and colliding into it.


 At the next moment, the upper extreme heavenly eagle carried Fang Yuan and the rest, piercing into space, appearing outside the Gu formation.


 With one flap of its wings, it immediately soared to the sky.


 With another flap, it had already become a tiny dark dot in the horizon, flying out of everyone’s vision.



***
Chapter 1375 - Battle Ceases


***





 Chapter 1375: Battle Ceases


 “Another immemorial desolate beast!”


 “Someone left the battlefield!”


 “It looks like it was from the super Gu formation’s direction.”


 “What had actually happened?”


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle carried Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie and the rest, quickly leaving the battlefield, stupefying all the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals present on the scene.


 In fact, when Ying Wu Xie and the others were transported by the super Gu formation, many among them had felt something wrong.


 “Almost all those Gu Immortals on the eagle’s back are the demonic path scoundrels who attacked us!”


 “What exactly is Wu Yi Hai playing at?”


 “Quick, let us in!”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals began to protest.


 However, there was not even a trace of Fang Yuan left in the super Gu formation.


 He had already changed his appearance and fled right under everyone’s noses.


 “Chi Gui, something seems to be off.” At this moment, in the battlefield, an expert among Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals, Old Treeman, went up to Chi Gui’s side.


 It did not matter if the other clan’s Gu Immortals failed to contact Wu Yi Hai.


 The main thing was Wu clan and Qiao clan, especially Fairy Si Liu failing to get a response from Wu Yi Hai, there was definitely a problem!


 Wu Yi Hai had control over the whole super Gu formation, if he made a mistake, it would definitely be a big and fatal one!


 Chi Gui nodded solemnly, he also knew the severity of this matter.


 This super Gu formation was, after all, personally arranged by Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You. Although Chi Gui was not able to control the Gu formation, he still could inspect the state of the Gu formation.


 It was just that this would use up his energy and time, and it was rather troublesome.


 This inspection immediately turned Chi Gui’s expression ashen.


 Ba De had been observing Chi Gui, and seeing the latter’s expression change to that of shock and terror, his heart jolted and he quickly transmitted his voice: “What happened?”


 “Lord Wu Yi Hai is missing, the whole super Gu formation is forcibly controlled by two forces and they are fighting against each other. One has a Central Continent aura and the other has a Northern Plains aura. Just based on their auras, they are both rank eight Gu Immortals.” Chi Gui said with distress.


 Ba De was immediately dazed.


 The impact was too heavy.


 He took a few deep breaths, as sweat started to appear on his forehead.


 Too dangerous!


 This situation was too dangerous.


 “Wu Yi Hai has mysteriously gone missing, he is very likely to have been killed. Regardless of how the two rank eights infiltrated the super Gu formation, Wu Yi Hai has no chance with his rank seven cultivation.”


 Ba De started to make deductions.


 Right now, he could not even imagine Fang Yuan was a traitor!


 This was also the result of Fang Yuan paying attention to small details like changing his appearance before leaving.


 More importantly, they could not even imagine that Wu Yi Hai (Fang Yuan) would mix in with Shadow Sect.


 Why?


 Because not long ago, Ba Quan Feng, this mole in the Southern Border righteous path forces, had caused the super Gu formation to be unable to activate. At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan had saved the day and with his help, Southern Border’s righteous forces were able to bring up the second layer of the super Gu formation.


 This matter had left a very deep impression on the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


 If such a person was Shadow Sect’s mole, how could he hinder Shadow Sect’s plan at the crucial moment?


 “It probably bodes ill for Wu Yi Hai, oh, now that I think of it, I am lucky I was plotted against by Ba Quan Feng. If it were me controlling the super Gu formation right now, Wu Yi Hai’s ending would have been my ending. I should be grateful to Wu Yi Hai for replacing me.” Chi Gui was inwardly thankful to Fang Yuan.


 Whether Wu Yi Hai was dead or not, Ba De soon accepted it.


 Ba De had already found Wu Yi Hai an eyesore, even if Wu Yi Hai had a miserable end, he would still look at it like a joke.


 But now, Ba De could not laugh.


 “The super Gu formation is already out of our control, Shadow Sect has retreated but Heavenly Court is still here, what is their stance?” Ba De pondered over this serious issue.


 Previously, Heavenly Court and Southern Border’s righteous path had stood together to fight Shadow Sect.


 Now Shadow Sect had left, while Spectral Soul’s main body was captured by Duke Long.


 What stance would Heavenly Court have?


 Ba De did not have any answer to this question.


 Because, not long ago, Heavenly Court had organized a secret group to invade Northern Plains and destroy Snowy Mountain blessed land, but they had to retreat in defeat because of Longevity Heaven.


 The current situation was extremely similar.


 Heavenly Court had organized another expedition group to Southern Border. It was not easy to say what their stance was!


 Although both belonged to the righteous path, Ba De, who had held a high position in the righteous path for a long time, knew something: Politics never placed significance on moral integrity, it was all about benefits.


 How could they protect their benefits?


 One word, strength!


 If the super Gu formation was still in their control, Southern Border’s righteous forces would still have some confidence to negotiate with Heavenly Court.


 But Wu Yi Hai was gone now, and the super Gu formation was seized by others.


 It seemed to be two rank eight Gu Immortals who had seized control, and neither of them were from Southern Border.


 At this time, in this situation, the more Ba De thought, the more unsightly his expression became.


 But he did not waste too much time thinking.


 In just a short while, he opened his dried lips and made a difficult decision: “Retreat.”


 “Retreat? We are giving up the super Gu formation? Our clans’ Immortal Gu are all here.” Chi Gui then pointed at those patches of dream realms: “Look at these dream realms, Heavenly Court might have a way to collect them. If we retreat, all the Immortal Gu and the dream realms will be lost, who will bear the responsibility for that?”


 Ba De coldly glanced at Chi Gui: “Retreat if you want to retreat, if you want to remain, then remain.”


 Leaving behind this sentence, he recalled the last remaining Ba clan Gu Immortal and left.


 Ba De’s decision immediately created a commotion among the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


 Before Ba De left, he had informed all of them regarding their current situation.


 Wu clan and Qiao clan naturally suffered a huge blow when they heard about Wu Yi Hai being missing.


 The super Gu formation was no longer in their control, most of the Southern Border Gu Immortals imitated Ba De and started to retreat.


 Wu Liao, however, did not leave.


 Wu Yi Hai was Wu Yong’s brother, he was now missing, his whereabouts unknown. As a Wu clan Gu Immortal, how could Wu Liao easily retreat?


 “I believe Lord Wu Yi Hai is alive and well.” Qiao Si Liu thought for a bit, before leaving with Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Most of the Southern Border Gu Immortals left, leaving behind Chi Gui, Wu Liao and a few other Gu Immortals. They chose to believe in Heavenly Court, after all, it led Central Continent’s righteous path.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was still tangled up with Zuo Ye Hui, neither were able to get the upper hand.


 Zuo Ye Hui held deep hatred towards the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, it was not just a desire to hunt for food.


 This point had clearly been calculated by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Among Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals, those that wanted to leave had left.


 “A mere will dares to obstruct me!” In a short while, Fairy Zi Wei was covered in the power of Star Constellation Chessboard, finally completely destroying Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will.


 This rank eight wisdom path expert finally completed her goal, grasping control over this super Gu formation.


 However, she was not in the least bit happy.


 Fang Yuan had become the leader of Shadow Sect and escaped right under her nose.


 Fairy Zi Wei was well aware of the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s speed, she definitely would not be able to catch up to it if she were to give chase now.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s mood was extremely bad.


 After gaining control over the super Gu formation, she immediately contacted Duke Long: “Lord Duke Long, how is the situation there?”


 All she heard was a loud sound.


 Space cracked open like a mirror, and from within the tear, a rank eight Gu Immortal flew out.


 Who else could it be but Duke Long?


 It was just that, if originally, he had an aloof and domineering aura, now, his face was filled with a dark and ferocious grimace, seemingly enduring something.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s heart jolted, immediately activating the super Gu formation to bring Duke Long in.


 “Lord Duke Long, what’s wrong?”


 Duke Long said with clenched teeth: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is indeed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! I had just moved the door of life and death into my phantom aperture, when that remnant soul of Spectral Soul actually used the door of life and death’s power to try to devour my soul. We need to return to Heavenly Court quickly, and use the power of Heavenly Court to separate Spectral Soul’s remnant soul from my body and suppress it!”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s heart sank, she had not expected the situation to be this serious.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had been a grand rank nine when alive, even though he was schemed against by heaven’s will and taken captive by Heavenly Court, the moment he was given the slightest chance, the retaliation he unleashed was actually so ferocious.


 “Yes.” Fairy Zi Wei quickly responded, she naturally would carry out Duke Long’s order without doubt.


 “But how should we handle Zuo Ye Hui, along with these Southern Border Gu Immortals and Fang Yuan, who has already escaped?” Fairy Zi Wei thought for a bit and asked.


 Duke Long said with no hesitation: “Don’t worry about Zuo Ye Hui, it cannot catch up to Heaven Overseeing Tower. Forget about these Southern Border righteous forces, Spectral Soul’s main body is already within me. From start to finish, we have not fallen out with Southern Border, both of us belong to righteous path, massacring righteous forces is not beneficial to Central Continent’s future grand unification of other regions. As for Fang Yuan....”


 As he said this, Duke Long paused and looked at Fairy Zi Wei.


 An ashamed look flashed past Fairy Zi Wei’s face: “I did not handle it properly.”


 However, Duke Long smiled instead: “I don’t believe you didn’t use any method.”


 Fairy Zi Wei answered: “Lord Duke Long is wise, that thief Fang Yuan has already been struck by my investigative method, as well as the rest of Shadow Sect’s members.”


 “Good, Southern Border’s righteous path reinforcements are coming from all directions, we need to retreat.” Duke Long nodded.


 Finally, the reinforcements of Southern Border’s super clans successively arrived at the remains of Yi Tian Mountain.


 What they saw was a ruined battlefield.


 Dream realms were everywhere, piled up messily. They were no longer round like before, but were like a range of mountains, scattered here and there.


 The super Gu formation had already disappeared without a trace.


 Since Fairy Zi Wei had already gained control of the super Gu formation, she naturally could break it down, many of the Immortal Gu of Southern Border’s righteous forces were taken away by Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei then entered Heaven Overseeing Tower and flew to white heaven.


 Zuo Ye Hui did not intend to let them off, charging into white heaven.


 More and more Southern Border Gu Immortals gathered here, the scale was so large that it was rarely seen even once in a hundred years.


 Wu Yong, Chi Qu You and the others looked at the battlefield with ashen expressions.


 They had suffered tremendous losses this time!



***
Chapter 1376 - Evaluating Battle Strength


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh.....


 Wind howled by his ears, Fang Yuan was sitting on the back of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, his hair flowing behind due to the wind.


 Despite the wind having enormous force, Fang Yuan did not budge and remained as stable as a mountain.


 Any Gu Immortal definitely had the ability to resist the wind.


 Behind him were Ying Wu Xie and the others, they were either slumped, standing, looking at the scene below, or recuperating with closed eyes.


 Fang Yuan did not have any injuries on him.


 Even when he had failed several times in activating the killer move hundred and eighty slaves, he had healed perfectly with time path Immortal Gu Man as Before.


 “This killer move, hundred and eighty slaves, is indeed amazing, it actually lets me command the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle.” Fang Yuan inwardly exclaimed.


 “According to the contents of this killer move, the more desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts I have, the more freely I can control this upper extreme heavenly eagle.”


 “That means, I should purchase more eagle desolate beasts later on, and nurture them properly.”


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had used four Immortal Gu to wantonly purchase a large group of eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts from treasure yellow heaven.


 It could not be helped, the situation was urgent.


 If there was enough time, Fang Yuan absolutely would not make such stupid transactions.


 Currently, the commotion due to this transaction had yet to fade in treasure yellow heaven, many Gu Immortals were discussing this event and how foolish Fang Yuan was.


 Possibly only Fang Yuan knew the truth, maybe Heavenly Court could also have guessed something.


 Fang Yuan inspected his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Those desolate eagles and ancient desolate eagles were flying in the Mini Nine Heavens.


 There were also some eagle nests in Mini Purple Heaven. Fang Yuan had obtained these eagle nests by looting the headquarters of Northern Plains’ Hei tribe, Iron Eagle blessed land.


 There were ordinary baby eagles in the nests that were still growing.


 Using Hei tribe’s method of raising, after these baby eagles matured, they would likely become desolate eagles or even ancient desolate eagles.


 However, Fang Yuan had already used time path methods to slow down the rate of time in the sovereign immortal aperture. This led to these baby eagles growing up very slowly.


 As such, Fang Yuan would have to wait a long time for them to grow up into desolate eagles or ancient desolate eagles.


 “For now, it is better to buy from outside.”


 “The more eagle beasts I have, the more control I would have over the upper extreme heavenly eagle. Right now, I have over four hundred eagles, but I can just barely control it and can only order it to fly.”


 “It is not a big problem to make it fight against weak opponents, but it won’t obey if I order it to fight strong enemies like Zuo Ye Hui, there is even a possibility of backlash.”


 Now that they had escaped from the battlefield, Fang Yuan could calmly think.


 It was not just this, Fang Yuan also needed to consider and deal with the issues of what these desolate eagles and ancient desolate eagles ate, and what influence they would have to their surroundings.


 To raise these eagle beasts, Fang Yuan would need a large amount of basic life forms to feed them. This meant he would have to build a complete food chain, and this food chain had to be of a large scale!


 “Fortunately, my sovereign immortal aperture has a very large space, it is more than enough for this large group of eagle beasts. Moreover, the territory is vast but the population is sparse, I can construct independent ecologies without worrying about them being influenced by the inherent environment. It is like a piece of white paper that can be easily painted.”


 “I am quite well-off right now, with over a hundred thousand immortal essence stones, purchasing and raising the eagle beasts is only one aspect, the other thing is to improve reverse flow protection seal!”


 Fang Yuan had become the leader of Shadow Sect after the giant dream realm incident.


 This greatly surpassed his expectations.


 Shadow Sect had lost badly, Spectral Soul’s main body was captured, leading Fang Yuan to become the biggest eyesore to Heavenly Court.


 Even if Fang Yuan did not accept the leadership, he would still be targeted by Heavenly Court.


 Just like Purple Mountain True Monarch said, Fang Yuan was a complete otherworldly demon, Heavenly Court absolutely needed to kill him!


 As such, Fang Yuan might as well accept the responsibility over Shadow Sect.


 “Wait until I have complete control over the upper extreme heavenly eagle and an improved reverse flow protection seal, I would then have some ability to defend myself against Heavenly Court.”


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan could not help but think of that majestic Heaven Overseeing Tower, as well as that domineering quasi-rank nine expert Duke Long.


 A formless pressure inevitably spread in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “I am still too weak! Even though I have reverse flow protection seal protecting me, it can only let me stand in front of rank eights and block their attacks. But if they attack endlessly, Reverse Flow River will be completely consumed in the end.”


 “Even though I have the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle, it does not have enough intelligence and is not as convenient as me making a move myself. Moreover, hundred and eighty slaves... this enslavement path killer move can be unraveled.”


 “Sigh, my strength is actually increasing rapidly. But what I am facing is Heavenly Court, the strongest Gu Immortal force in the whole world.”


 “I need to devour immortal apertures and increase my cultivation level quickly. I can take a slight breather when I am at rank eight, rank seven cultivation is too low! But if I advance to rank eight, the sovereign immortal body’s flaw will enlarge, it is hard to resolve.”


 Fang Yuan was facing a dilemma.


 “It is difficult for me to raise my strength, under this situation, do I rely on them?” Fang Yuan’s gaze scanned around.


 Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Black Tigress, Fairy Miao Yin as well as many Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had left behind information path Gu worms in his inheritance which recorded these people’s situations in detail.


 Fang Yuan had also just read them.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies were all defective goods, Purple Mountain True Monarch had refined them only as a veil to cover the actions of Spectral Soul’s main body.


 These Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies contained remnant souls of Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Unfortunately, after they were refined, the remnant souls had merged into the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies, unable to be separated. The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies had a time limit, and when that limit was reached, they would self-detonate into dream realms, and these Purple Mountain remnant souls would disappear along with them.


 This defect could not be resolved even if Purple Mountain True Monarch came back to life.


 This was also the reason why Spectral Soul’s main body had never put its soul into these Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies.


 Ying Wu Xie had also obtained a rank seven Pure Dream Reality Seeker body from a cocoon of light, but he was an exception.


 Because he was once the original Pure Dream Reality Seeker, so the flaw of these defective goods did not affect him.


 His soul could still freely leave the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies.


 As such, although there were many of these Pure Dream Reality Seeker immortals, they were not worth nurturing. (Fang Yuan had also captured nearly ten using the super Gu formation, but they were all released now since they had become his own men).


 Fang Yuan had originally prepared to put in a lot of effort to research and study this dream path attainment of Shadow Sect, but now that he had Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he understood them all, saving countless hours of research and trials.


 The remaining five Gu Immortals were the true manpower that Fang Yuan could use.


 “Currently, the strongest is undoubtedly Bai Ning Bing, who has inherited Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, unfortunately, we are only allies.”


 “Fairy Miao Yin cultivates the Profound Sound true inheritance, she is one of the three great fairies of Southern Border and is a rank seven, her battle strength is reliable.”


 “Black Tigress...” Just as Fang Yuan thought of this, dense black fog started to pour out from Black Tigress’s whole body.


 The fog was immediately blown away by the strong wind.


 The black fog dissipated, revealed a girl with tender skin and large watery eyes.


 Her whole face was covered with innocence, Lady White Rabbit was back.


 “Lord Wu Yi Hai... no, what should I call you?” Lady White Rabbit asked Fang Yuan with a servile tone.


 Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the others looked at her in astonishment


 After recovering, Lady White Rabbit’s cultivation fell from rank seven to rank six. This situation was truly hard to understand.


 However, Fang Yuan had inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance and understood this Black Tigress true inheritance.


 A Gu Immortal who cultivated this true inheritance would normally accumulate strength and burst out with outstanding battle strength when in a fight, beyond their usual limits.


 However, there was a flaw in it, the user would develop two personalities; one was a dark, sinister side, and the other was a pure, innocent side.


 The Gu Immortal would have the pure, innocent nature when living a normal life, having weak strength. When they face danger to their life or their mood gets intensely agitated, they would turn to the dark, sinister nature. This dark side had strong battle strength, but could only be maintained for a short period of time.


 Both sides shared the same senses and memories, but they usually had different thought processes.


 However, this was not a problem to Fang Yuan.


 Because Lady White Rabbit already admired Wu Yi Hai, while Black Tigress was recruited by Purple Mountain True Monarch to be a member of Shadow Sect.


 No matter which side it was, they were both loyal to Fang Yuan.


 “Don’t be afraid. I also had my own problems, so I had to hide my true identity from you. You can call me Fang Yuan.” Fang Yuan warmly smiled at Lady White Rabbit.


 Lady White Rabbit seemed to be unable to accept it completely, as she acknowledged timidly.


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly: “Black Tigress has first rate battle strength among rank seven, but it is not stable. Now, only Hei Lou Lan and Ying Wu Xie remain.”


 “Hei Lou Lan is the most ‘loyal’, but she only has rank six cultivation. She has the Great Strength True Martial Physique, but this natural talent is wasted by cultivating fire path, and she is bent on avenging her mother. Relying on the exquisite Blazing Heaven true inheritance, her battle strength can barely reach first rate in rank seven, but she is definitely the weakest.”


 “As for Ying Wu Xie...”


 Fang Yuan gazed at Ying Wu Xie, who was slumped down on the back of the eagle and was looking at the sky with a dazed look.


 He seemed to have had his back removed, his whole body was limp like jelly, and his expression was extremely dark.


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Actually, Ying Wu Xie, who possessed lead soul into dream, could erupt with battle strength that could stably occupy the number one position in strength. Even Fang Yuan had to be apprehensive of him.


 But such a person had no fighting spirit left, even if he had lead soul into dream, what could one hope from him?


 “Ying Wu Xie, hand over all your Gu worms to me.” Fang Yuan suddenly spoke.


 Ying Wu Xie did not speak, there was no response as if he was a statue.


 Fang Yuan’s voice became sharp: “Ying Wu Xie, I am the leader of Shadow Sect, are you disobeying me?”


 Ying Wu Xie did not budge, his heart seemed to be withered in grief.


 A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes, and he was just about to take action when suddenly, a strong pressure erupted from overhead.


 An Immortal Gu House appeared.


 “Shadow Sect remnants, Yi clan is here, where do you think you are escaping to?!”



***
Chapter 1377 - Immortals versus Immortal Gu House


***





 Chapter 1377: Immortals versus Immortal Gu House


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A vast aura descended and swept across them.


 Fang Yuan, along with Shadow Sect’s immortals, got a jolt as their gazes focused.


 “One of Yi clan’s Immortal Gu Houses — Bay Pavilion!” Fang Yuan blurted out the name of this Immortal Gu House.


 He had laid low in Wu clan for a long period of time in Wu Yi Hai’s identity. During this period of time, besides managing his immortal aperture and exploring dream realms, he naturally did some other things as well.


 For instance, using Wu clan’s channels to get detailed information of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 As such, when Bay Pavilion appeared, Fang Yuan immediately recognized it.


 Bay Pavilion was not tall, it only had two stories and looked flat. The pavilion was covered with ocean blue tiles, and it looked like a hawk spreading its wings. Golden islands were portrayed on the white walls, and blue waves were painted freely on the exposed columns.


 It had the style of Eastern Sea.


 Although Yi clan was one of Southern Border’s super forces, it was located in the north-east corner and had a close relation with Eastern Sea.


 This Bay Pavilion’s strongest ability was to cross long distances, it could shoot through over seventy thousand li directly.


 Southern Border’s super Gu formation was invaded by Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court also took part. Yi clan chose to mobilize Bay Pavilion, which was specialized in long range chases, it was the best choice.


 Fang Yuan used the upper extreme heavenly eagle to escape from the dream realm battlefield and was planning to go to Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 But Bay Pavilion just happened to move towards the direction of Fang Yuan and the group. Bay Pavilion’s investigative range was extremely large, the Gu Immortals in the pavilion had already learned of the situation in the dream realm battlefield, and when they found traces of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, they immediately gave chase.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was extremely fast, but Bay Pavilion could travel through space and cross tens of thousands of li in an instant.


 After a few warps through space, Bay Pavilion finally caught up with Fang Yuan and blocked their path.


 Although Fang Yuan and the rest were shocked, they soon reacted. After all, they had just escaped from a battlefield, their nerves were still tense and they were on guard.


 “Move!” Fang Yuan controlled the upper extreme heavenly eagle to shoot towards Bay Pavilion.


 At the same time, he took a step and nimbly jumped from the eagle’s back.


 Before jumping, he did not forget to grab below him.


 Ying Wu Xie was grabbed by Fang Yuan, he was like a living corpse, his eyes were still open and did not even blink.


 At the same time as Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the rest also jumped.


 Boom boom!


 There were two strong sounds, the upper extreme heavenly eagle waved its strong wings directly at Bay Pavilion.


 Bay Pavilion was immediately pushed quite a distance by the strong force, but there was no damage.


 A warm light blue radiance started to spread from it.


 When it just spread, this light blue radiance was only a layer of thin light covering Bay Pavilion.


 But soon, the blue light quickly spread outwards, dyeing the surrounding space of Bay Pavilion into a blue world.


 The blue light kept on surging and getting denser, and was also producing gushing sounds, like water waves.


 Suddenly, an elephant trampled out of the blue light.


 This elephant’s size was slightly inferior in size to the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but a normal person would be as small as a cat when compared to it. It had a wide back and looked like a seven storey building, with doors and windows, it was truly strange.


 “This is a wild beast specific to Eastern Sea — storey building water elephant. There are seven stories on its back, which means it is an ancient desolate beast.” Fang Yuan immediately recognized it.


 He was very familiar with the storey building water elephant, because he had personally seen it before in the Eastern Sea trading convention.


 However, this storey building water elephant in front of him was not a real lifeform, but a certain defensive method used by Bay Pavilion.


 As for its battle strength and how it compared to a true ancient storey building water elephant, it still needed to be tested out.


 Fang Yuan retreated with Ying Wu Xie and the rest, while using hundred and eighty slaves to command the upper extreme heavenly eagle: “Kill this storey building water elephant.”


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle accepted the command and let out a sharp cry.


 It descended on the storey building water elephant, then grabbed at it.


 Plop.


 The storey building water elephant could not resist the sharp eagle claws and was directly pierced through, collapsing instantly; it turned back into a blue light that returned to Bay Pavilion.


 “Such strength!”


 “It is indeed an immemorial desolate beast.”


 Inside Bay Pavilion, Yi clan’s Gu Immortals were also paying attention to this probe, but the result made them exclaim in shock.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was already fostered, although its growth was quickened, there were enough heavenly crystals, letting it gain true rank eight battle strength. It was not like last time.


 Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Miao Yin and others let out sighs of relief.


 “This storey building water elephant is weaker than normal ancient desolate beasts.”


 “Even a true ancient storey building water elephant is not the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s match, let alone this one which is much weaker.”


 Fang Yuan’s mood, however, was somewhat heavy.


 “This ability, it should be the immortal killer move water life resurrection! This move can create countless water lifeforms and use them for battle. Its strength is that even if the formed beasts are destroyed, as long as the blue light returns, the loss will be very small. Bay Pavilion can recreate them easily.”


 Sure enough, in just a short while, storey building water elephants condensed from Bay Pavilion again.


 They all had seven storeys with ancient desolate level battle strength, moreover, there were even more of them this time, five in total.


 Five water elephants condensed by the blue light charged towards the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Fang Yuan thought: “Water life resurrection, according to Wu clan’s analysis, not only involves transformation path and water path Immortal Gu, it also has light path Immortal Gu. It is impossible to break this move right away, this move can greatly expend its enemy’s battle strength. I cannot get caught up in Yi clan’s flow.”


 The moment this thought flashed through Fang Yuan’s mind, he controlled the upper extreme heavenly eagle to directly attack Bay Pavilion, disregarding the storey building water elephants.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan gave a command to the Shadow Sect immortals: “We need to help the upper extreme heavenly eagle and destroy these five water elephants.”


 Hei Lou Lan was the first to respond.


 She stretched out her right arm, her five fingers moved together without any gaps between them, and lightly jabbed at a storey building water elephant.


 Boom!


 A burning crimson ray of light erupted from between her fingers, and with breakneck speed, it pierced through the air towards the water elephant.


 This immortal killer move’s speed was truly astonishing!


 The crimson ray completely pierced through the storey building water elephant, destroying it instantly.


 Fairy Miao Yin was the second to strike.


 Another two pairs of arms suddenly grew out from her body, and along with her two original arms, the six arms spread out like a blooming lotus.


 The six hands moved by themselves, the smooth long fingers were moving in a dazzling motion.


 Ding ding, dang dang...


 Cling cling, clang clang...


 With the movement of her fingers, sharp sounds could be heard whenever they touched.


 At the same time, concentrated, translucent sound waves appeared around three water elephants.


 The sound waves appeared quickly and vanished just as quickly.


 The three water elephants were covered in the sound waves, the injuries on them quickly accumulated. They charged left and right, trying to throw off the sound waves, but the sound waves followed them like shadows.


 Soon, these three water elephants were killed, turning into three blue lights that returned to the Immortal Gu House.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had only seen information on these two immortal killer moves, he did not witness their effects. But now, it was different.


 “Hei Lou Lan is using the fire path killer move crimson ray.”


 “Fairy Miao Yin is using her trump card — Wondrous Hand Profound Sound.”


 These two immortal killer moves had originated from Purple Mountain True Monarch, and Purple Mountain True Monarch had given all his inheritances to Fang Yuan, thus Fang Yuan knew them clearly.


 However, Fang Yuan did not thoroughly understand Bai Ning Bing’s killer move.


 Four water elephants were already destroyed. Bai Ning Bing, in her white robe, was crossing her arms across her chest, her dragon eyes flashing with cold light.


 She seemed to have not made a move, but she had actually already activated her killer move.


 The final storey building water elephant had soundlessly already frozen into a giant ice block.


 But soon, the frozen storey building water elephant turned back into a blue light that passed through the ice layer and returned to Bay Pavilion, unobstructed.


 Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted when she saw this.


 Fang Yuan’s expression slightly shifted as he thought of many things, gaining a deeper understanding of the Gu Immortals on his side.


 “Hei Lou Lan is restricted by the alliance agreement, and has no choice but to follow me completely, so she had the fastest response and had no hesitation.”


 “Fairy Miao Yin did not hesitate on using her trump card, handling three storey building water elephants by herself, as if she wants to prove her loyalty towards me.”


 “As for Bai Ning Bing, she inherited Bai Xiang’s true inheritance and we are only allies. The killer move she used should be cold eyes, she tried to freeze the storey building water elephant and prevent the blue light from returning. Unfortunately, it is of no use.”


 All kinds of thoughts flashed through Fang Yuan’s mind, as he threw Ying Wu Xie behind him.


 Behind him was Lady White Rabbit.


 Right now, she still had rank six cultivation, and had a terrified expression as she looked at the fight between the upper extreme heavenly eagle and Bay Pavilion.


 “Take him and retreat to the back.” Fang Yuan said to Lady White Rabbit, without turning around.


 Lady White Rabbit quickly agreed and obediently retreated far away.


 Fang Yuan slightly flew forward and took a deep breath, his body suddenly let out dazzling silver light.


 Red date immortal essence was consumed rapidly as Immortal Gu were activated.


 Rank six change form Immortal Gu.


 Rank seven dragon breath Immortal Gu.


 Rank six dragon scales Immortal Gu.


 Rank seven dragon strength Immortal Gu.


 At the same time, a large amount of mortal Gu like dragon scales Gu, dragon horn Gu, dragon claws Gu, dragon eyes Gu, and so on were also activated.


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation!


 The bright silver light suddenly dissipated, Fang Yuan had disappeared, in his place was an elegant silver sword dragon that was emitting a sharp, awe-inspiring aura.


 The sword dragon growled lightly, it grabbed two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies with its claws, and then swung its tail.


 Immortal Gu Sword Escape!


 Whoosh!!


 The ancient sword dragon Fang Yuan had transformed into disappeared from the spot.


 Fang Yuan’s whole field of vision suddenly blurred, the next moment, his sight was mostly covered with the roof of Bay Pavilion.


 He was already above Bay Pavilion.


 There was no hesitation.


 Fang Yuan flicked the two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies down like bullets.


 Under the astonished gazes of Lady White Rabbit and the group, two Pure Dream Reality Seeker immortals detonated, turning back into two dream realms that covered Bay Pavilion.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle lightly turned its body and quickly moved away from the range of the dream realms.


 Bay Pavilion was in a commotion.


 “Oh no, this is... dream realm!”


 “This is bad, Bay Pavilion cannot block the dream realms, the entire Immortal Gu House will be corroded and break down!”



***
Chapter 1378 - Wu Yong’s Chase


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even Heaven Overseeing Tower, which had rank nine fate Immortal Gu, was corroded when it fell into a dream realm. In the battle of the giant dream realm, Duke Long had personally tried it and Heaven Overseeing Tower had been in its phantom state as well, but it was not spared.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower faced such a situation, there was no need to discuss the rank seven Immortal Gu House, Bay Pavilion.


 The moment it was trapped in the dream realms, the whole of Bay Pavilion began to slowly break apart. Yi clan’s Gu Immortals sensed they had lost control over a large amount of Gu worms.


 This situation immediately gave these Yi clan Gu Immortals an unprecedented shock.


 Without any hesitation, they began to activate Bay Pavilion’s strongest method.


 Immortal killer move — Boundless Sea and Sky!


 Bay Pavilion rumbled and burst out with dazzling blue light, but it could not pierce through the dream realms.


 However, the immortal killer move was still activated, the next moment, Bay Pavilion suddenly disappeared.


 It crossed a whole seventy thousand li and arrived at another area, completely leaving the battlefield.


 The whole of Bay Pavilion was in ruins, and no longer looked as majestic as before.


 The Yi clan Gu Immortals took large breaths, some were even soaked in sweat.


 “We escaped! That was truly dangerous, if we were just a little slower, we might have truly been trapped.”


 “The dream realms are too terrifying. Even an Immortal Gu House has no resistance.”


 “No wonder someone prophesied that Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be the strongest venerable.”


 “Damn it, we could not catch those Shadow Sect scoundrels!”


 Yi clan’s Gu Immortals rejoiced for a while before they clenched their teeth. They had retreated, it was too late for them to go back. Shadow Sect’s members would have definitely used the upper extreme heavenly eagle to escape.


 Not long ago, when Bay Pavilion had discovered traces of Fang Yuan and the others, they had to spend quite a bit of effort before they were able to catch up.


 According to both sides’ strength, Yi clan, which had the rank seven Immortal Gu House, should have been slightly stronger. Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle was rank eight, it had no way to deal with Bay Pavilion in a short period of time. Yi clan could attack, defend, advance or retreat freely, on the other hand, Fang Yuan’s side was a motley crew of Gu Immortals, they could be dealt with one by one.


 What increased the confidence of Yi clan’s Gu Immortals even more was that as long as they delayed for some time, they could wait for reinforcements from other super forces.


 They possessed a rank seven Immortal Gu House, they only had to make no mistakes and they would be able to delay Fang Yuan and the others.


 In fact, Yi clan Gu Immortals did exactly that.


 They had activated the immortal killer move water life resurrection for a prolonged battle.


 It was just that Fang Yuan’s reaction was too fast, he directly used two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies as immortal killer moves and sent them at Bay Pavilion.


 This had completely caught Yi clan off-guard!


 Yi clan Gu Immortals also knew of some details about the battle of the giant dream realm, but they had never expected Fang Yuan would be so vicious, sacrificing his own allies so ruthlessly!


 Another thing was that Fang Yuan had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, which had an extremely fast speed.


 His transformation path dao marks turned into sword path dao marks, added to the sword path dao marks from the continuous use of sword eyebrows Immortal Gu, along with sword escape Immortal Gu as well as the ancient sword dragon’s own speed, it produced an extremely extraordinary burst of speed.


 If Fang Yuan had moved with his own body, using only sword escape Immortal Gu and carrying two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies, he would still have been fast, but Yi clan’s Gu Immortals would be able to react and respond.


 Yi clan’s Gu Immortals had unsightly expressions.


 They had Bay Pavilion, but were still attacked by Fang Yuan, Bay Pavilion was in a ruined state and had suffered much damage.


 More importantly, they had lost face, having already notified other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, when they arrived, how would the Yi clan Gu Immortals face them?


 Bay Pavilion was a scene of silence.


 A while later, the leader of this group of Yi clan Gu Immortals spoke: “Let’s quickly repair Bay Pavilion, although we fell into the dream realms, there is no damage to the Immortal Gu. The spare mortal Gu we brought over can restore Bay Pavilion completely within a few minutes!”


 “The enemy is powerful, he can actually control the upper extreme heavenly eagle to such a degree. What’s even more terrifying is that he doesn’t even frown at killing his own allies, such a nature is simply too ruthless.”


 “We tried hard, but how could we resist the dream realms. I had wanted to fight these demons to death, but looking at the big picture, we had no other choice than to escape and send this information to other righteous path Gu Immortals.”


 Yi clan’s leader poured out words after words, while the other Gu Immortals nodded in agreement.


 The facts could not be changed. But with these words, it gave them a completely different feeling.


 After the Yi clan leader said his words, he began to contact Wu Yong and other righteous path Gu Immortals, informing them of the situation here.


 “What? They were actually defeated!”


 “Didn’t they have Bay Pavilion? They could still lose?”


 “Hehe, look at their excuses, Yi clan is truly shameless.”


 “But we have the information now. For instance, upper extreme heavenly eagle as well as ancient sword dragon transformation...”


 At the mention of the ancient sword dragon transformation, these righteous path Gu Immortals in the dream realm battlefield looked at each other.


 They unavoidably thought of a person.


 Liu Guan Yi!


 “Liu Guan Yi is a demonic path Gu Immortal who also cultivates ancient sword dragon transformation. Do you think this Shadow Sect Gu Immortal is him?”


 “Not necessarily. Transforming into an ancient sword dragon is only an immortal killer move. Moreover, in the battle of Reverse Flow River, Liu Guan Yi clearly was hostile towards Shadow Sect.”


 “Liu Guan Yi is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, but that person had Southern Border aura. But this is not a clear indication, if he is a Shadow Sect member, then it is not strange for him to have methods to conceal his aura. For instance, doesn’t Wu clan have an immortal killer move to change their aura to other regions?”


 Some people looked towards Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong had a serious expression.


 “Whether that person is Liu Guan Yi or not, we need to find my brother, Wu Yi Hai’s whereabouts! Who wants to chase Shadow Sect with me?” He spoke clearly, his voice spreading throughout the whole scene.


 “Lord Wu Yong is kindhearted, you are still worried about your brother, it truly makes me emotional.”


 “We will go!”


 “I am willing to see Lord Wu Yong’s divine might.”


 The other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals responded one after the other.


 Wu Yong’s performance in the purple blood river formation had been spread throughout Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world by Tie Mian Shen.


 This information circulation speed could not be doubted.


 Any Gu Immortal, as long as they had cultivated to rank eight, would become the center of attention no matter the location. Because their every move, even if unintended, would cause huge and long-lasting repercussions to their surroundings.


 Wu Yong was the leader of Wu clan, and he had revealed their fourth Immortal Gu House, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, making Southern Border’s Gu Immortals acknowledge his power.


 Adding on that Wu clan held the number one position, Wu Yong’s call was immediately responded to by many.


 “This bunch of people are still crafty, they want to hide behind me and make my Wu clan the vanguard.” Wu Yong sneered internally.


 Wu Yong, naturally, was a person who went after practical interests, but he could not do that now!


 He had to show some effort on the surface.


 His little brother was missing, as an older brother, he had to look like he had done his best to save his brother. Especially since the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu related to Fang Yuan in Wu clan’s ancestral hall had not shattered.


 Moreover, as the head of the righteous path, he must take charge of the whole situation, otherwise with the interests of Southern Border’s righteous path being infringed, if he did not stand up, his and Wu clan’s prestige would fall sharply.


 Naturally, the more important reason was that Fang Yuan had borrowed six Immortal Gu from Wu clan.


 A total of six Immortal Gu!


 As well as the huge sum of a hundred thousand immortal essence stones!


 Among these Immortal Gu was bloodline Immortal Gu, which Wu Yong had personally approved before it was lent to Fang Yuan.


 Even those one hundred thousand immortal essence stones were personally initiated to be given to Fang Yuan by Wu Yong.


 Now that Wu Yi Hai was missing, the greatest responsibility fell on Wu Yong’s head.


 If Wu Yong did not give chase, not only could he not have any explanation to give to Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals, he would not even be able to give an explanation to Wu clan.


 Immediately, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building led the Southern Border experts and gave chase in the direction of the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Although Yi clan was beaten back by Fang Yuan and lost track of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Wu Yong had another method.


 He immediately sent a message to Wu clan: “Supreme elder Wu Fa, take out the relevant Immortal Gu from the treasury and assemble the life location searching Gu formation, put Wu Yi Hai’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu in the formation and deduce his location!”


 Wu Fa was Wu Yong’s trusted aide, he immediately accepted the order and quickly took action.


 Wu Yong gathered battle information, according to Heavenly Court’s performance, they did not make a move against Southern Border’s Gu Immortals, but they had plundered the battlefield before leaving, sweeping away many Immortal Gu belonging to the Southern Border forces.


 Southern Border would definitely want to settle the score with Central Continent.


 However, at present, Wu Yong needed to prioritize saving Wu Yi Hai.


 Heavenly Court was powerful, it would be difficult to try getting back the Immortal Gu from them. It was better to just give chase after Shadow Sect, which was not that strong, and since Wu Yi Hai’s life tablet had not shattered, he might have indeed been captured by them.


 “Naturally, since Shadow Sect has information path methods to break my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu to create a false image of my death, they likely can kill Wu Yi Hai without letting the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu shatter. Their aim would be to lure us into chasing them.”


 Wu Yong considered carefully, this thought also flashed past his mind.


 However, he still chose to give chase regardless of this.


 Because this time, there was not only him, there were countless other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, rank eight Gu Immortal Chi Qu You and several Immortal Gu Houses. With such a battle force, Wu Yong was confident of crushing Shadow Sect even if they laid an ambush.


 In front of absolute power, all schemes and plots were useless.


 At the same time, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was flying with all its strength.


 On the eagle’s back, Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged, his eyes closed as he quietly activated a mysterious Immortal Gu.


 Perceivable Dao!


 Soon after, Fang Yuan stopped activating it, his expression solemn: “There are indeed many information path dao marks added on my body, I have probably been struck by some information path killer move. The probability of Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals having done this is low, it is more likely to have been done by Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, particularly Fairy Zi Wei.”


 “No matter what, I need to quickly get to Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and use information path methods to resolve this information path killer move!”



***
Chapter 1379 - Star Constellation’s Method


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 White heaven.


 Boom—!


 A tower broke through the air, flying rapidly in white heaven while leaving behind a long trail of wind.


 Wherever it went, the surrounding beast groups would feel threat and flee, because this tower was releasing an intense rank nine aura.


 It was Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 After the battle of the giant dream realm, Heavenly Court plundered Southern Border’s super Gu formation, taking away all the Gu worms with them.


 Right now, Heaven Overseeing Tower had already been repaired to its original condition by the many Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 At the top of the tower, there was only Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei.


 “It seems Southern Border’s white heaven has not been influenced by Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.” Fairy Zi Wei stopped looking at the outside world, and turned towards Duke Long.


 A trace of worry was revealed on her beautiful face.


 Duke Long was sitting cross-legged on the ground, his brows tightly knotted and his face ashen, his expression turning ruthless from time to time.


 His strong body was like a monolith, even though he was sitting down, he gave a feeling of a huge pillar that could support the sky.


 “Truly worthy of being Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, even just a small remnant soul could be a huge trouble to Lord Duke Long. Lord Duke Long wanted to take the door of life and death for Heavenly Court, but who could have thought it would be used by Spectral Soul.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was worried on one hand, while also being full of admiration towards Duke Long.


 In this journey, Heavenly Court had swept away the disgrace from the defeat in Northern Plains. They had rampaged through the battlefield and taken Spectral Soul captive.


 This was mostly the contribution of Duke Long.


 Without Duke Long fighting, they absolutely could not have such an impressive result.


 Just as she was thinking, Duke Long slowly opened his eyes.


 “Lord Duke Long, is there anything I can help you with?” Fairy Zi Wei quickly came forward and asked.


 Duke Long slowly shook his head: “Don’t worry, Spectral Soul is putting up his futile final resistance now, I have already gained control over the situation. As long as we return to Heavenly Court and use Heavenly Court’s power, we can easily suppress him.”


 “That’s good. According to this speed, we should have more than enough time.” Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of relief.


 However, Duke Long continued: “But we need to prepare for unexpected mishaps. If my soul is devoured by Spectral Soul, he will most likely pretend to be me. So, once we return to Heavenly Court, immediately confine and seal me, then use every method in Heavenly Court to carry out a detailed inspection.”


 “If I suppress Spectral Soul, I will naturally cooperate. If Spectral Soul has devoured me, he will give himself away at that time. If he continues to pretend and does not resist being sealed by Heavenly Court, he would become a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.”


 Duke Long had considered everything, not giving even the slightest opportunity to Spectral Soul.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly acknowledged.


 After a while of silence, Duke Long asked: “What’s the situation regarding Fang Yuan?”


 Fairy Zi Wei answered: “Some time ago, Immortal Gu House Bay Pavilion of Southern Border’s Yi clan unexpectedly ran into Fang Yuan’s group. Unfortunately, they could not stop him.”


 “Fang Yuan is too crafty, he guessed Bay Pavilion might have found them due to him being tracked, so he used Immortal Gu to inspect himself and he truly did find something fishy.”


 “But....” Fairy Zi Wei revealed a confident smile, “Even if he found out, so what? My investigative killer move was activated with the help of Immortal Gu House Star Constellation Chessboard. This was the method Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used in the past.”


 “That’s good.” Duke Long felt assured, and slowly closed his eyes again.


 Southern Border.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was flying quickly while carrying Fang Yuan and the others.


 A sharp eagle cry resounded throughout the sky, scaring away all the birds in a huge surrounding area.


 The journey was unimpeded, they did not see Bay Pavilion again.


 Shadow Sect’s immortals slightly let down their guard.


 An Earth Trench gradually appeared in their sights.


 The Earth Trench was deep and dark, its depths unable to be seen. Even though it was a sunny day, the Earth Trench was filled with darkness.


 “This is Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.” Fang Yuan stood up and looked down at the full view of Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 When Ying Wu Xie had led Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan had chased them to Northern Plains, where they awakened Purple Mountain True Monarch. After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Purple Mountain True Monarch led Shadow Sect’s remnant forces to Eastern Sea from Northern Plains, before coming to Southern Border.


 This Plunder Shadow Earth Trench was their temporary headquarters.


 After the battle of the giant dream realm, Fang Yuan’s identity of Wu Yi Hai was already exposed. Even if Heavenly Court had not exposed it, this false identity could not be used anymore. And after a strange series of coincidences, Fang Yuan had become the new leader of Shadow Sect, so he brought the remnant forces of Shadow Sect here to rest and reorganize.


 Swoosh.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle folded its wings and began to swoop down to Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 Soon, it entered the Earth Trench with Fang Yuan and the others, disappearing into the boundless darkness.


 Although the upper extreme heavenly eagle was enormous, it could not be compared to Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 Entering the depths of Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was like a small bird by the side of a warship.


 All kinds of strange and ghastly sounds entered the ears of Fang Yuan and the group.


 Amongst the shadows were auras of many desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 Most of them were shadow monsters.


 Shadow monsters were a type of beast usually born in areas with dense dark path dao marks.


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench was undoubtedly such a place.


 Although shadow monsters were beasts, they still had the innate instinct to avoid danger. The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s immemorial aura frightened them, and they dispersed by themselves without needing Fang Yuan to drive them away.


 Fang Yuan and the others smoothly arrived at their destination.


 This was not the deepest area of Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, but a cave in a steep mountain wall.


 The cave entrance was wide, even the upper extreme heavenly eagle could squeeze in, albeit with some difficulty.


 After they entered the cave, Fang Yuan and the others got off the eagle; Fang Yuan put the upper extreme heavenly eagle back in his immortal aperture as he moved inside the cave.


 With Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, it was a piece of cake for Fang Yuan to reach the main area and he had no obstruction in getting control over the Gu formation here.


 “This Gu formation is pretty good.”


 “It is arranged by using the dense dark path dao marks here. Only mortal Gu are used, but it has the might of an immortal Gu formation, and its best effect is to prevent the deductions of others.”


 Those who were able to use the natural dao marks in the environment to construct a Gu formation definitely had great grandmaster attainment level.


 This was not hard for Shadow Sect.


 With Fang Yuan’s current formation path grandmaster attainment, he could only see through this formation roughly and did not deeply understand its workings. It was impossible for him to construct this formation currently.


 Fang Yuan was able to let out a sigh of relief here.


 He did not immediately try to remove the investigative killer move on him, instead, he summoned the other Gu Immortals one by one to have discussions with them alone.


 As the leader of Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan naturally needed to do such a matter.


 Lady White Rabbit was extremely obedient, she would answer whatever Fang Yuan asked.


 Fairy Miao Yin was somewhat bold, after quickly replying to a question from Fang Yuan, she often asked Fang Yuan back. Her eyes occasionally gave off coquettish glances, and she even asked who was prettier between her and Qiao Si Liu.


 And, in the discussion with Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan took the initiative to mention that if Hei Lou Lan made a huge contribution, he could consider removing her alliance agreement and restoring her freedom.


 Speaking of which, Hei Lou Lan’s awkward situation was actually somewhat because of Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan had reborn, he had changed many of the original events. Before his rebirth, Hei Lou Lan had already killed Hei Cheng with the help of Blazing Heaven Demoness, and completed her revenge, she found her true self and with attitude Gu, she sought to gain control of Hei tribe, her future prospects had been bright and clear.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Hei Lou Lan lost her aunts, and with a strange combination of many factors that were not in her control, she finally ended up becoming Fang Yuan’s subordinate.


 Just like how Ying Wu Xie considered Hei Lou Lan to be a talent, Fang Yuan thought similarly.


 Then there was Bai Ning Bing.


 “Even if you didn’t look for me, I would have looked for you.” Bai Ning Bing spoke first.


 Her attitude was completely different from the others, she was holding her arms across her chest and looking down at Fang Yuan.


 “You have made Heavenly Court your enemy, Southern Border’s righteous path also won’t let you go, what is your plan now?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 She had taken part in the battle of the giant dream realm as well, and was now in the same camp as Fang Yuan. Southern Border’s righteous path similarly would not let her off.


 “I will first process the gains of Shadow Sect’s resources, then I will think about it step by step.” Fang Yuan said.


 The giant dream realm was gone and Wu Yi Hai’s identity was exposed, Fang Yuan had lost this cultivation shortcut.


 However, after becoming the leader of Shadow Sect, what Fang Yuan gained was much greater than his losses!



***
Chapter 1380 - Location Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shadow Sect might have been thoroughly beaten, with Spectral Soul captured and only Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair remaining as viable split souls, but it still had many resources left behind.


 Immortal Gu and immortal materials only occupied a small portion, the keys were Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, Immortal Gu Houses and so on.


 There were massive amounts of Immortal Gu recipes, countless immortal killer moves, and even twelve construction plans of Immortal Gu Houses.


 Profound Ice House, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar, Regret Pool, Sacred Feather City...


 There were also clues to all kinds of true inheritances.


 For instance, Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, even the secret of five Xiangs, the true inheritance of Paradise Earth in the blue dragon whale, clues to Red Lotus’ true inheritance, clues to Reckless Savage’s true inheritance....


 Naturally, these true inheritances were hard to obtain, if not for this, Shadow Sect would have already taken them and used them to increase their foundation, and help in refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Even without these clues, just Spectral Soul’s own true inheritances were an enormous gain.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had used all kinds of soul path methods to massacre life forms of the five regions. His soul devouring method could absorb the experiences and memories of its prey. His split soul technique created generations of Shadow Sect members. His soul replacement technique could create a masterpiece spy like Sixth Hair, and he had even inserted a spy in Heavenly Court. Furthermore, his own soul cultivation, his final form, Fang Yuan could clearly remember how Spectral Soul had used his soul alone to resist the tribulations in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain!


 Right now, there were two most important matters in front of Fang Yuan.


 First was information path, he needed to resolve the investigative killer move on him as well as various alliance agreements, and regain his freedom.


 Second was wisdom Gu. Fang Yuan had now already grasped the method to undo the soul path dao marks in his immortal zombie body. At that time, he could regain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement and obtain the massive help of the light of wisdom!


 Bai Ning Bing continued: “I already have yin yang rotation Gu now, but I need to advance it to immortal level before I can reverse this female body. But refinement path is too vast and profound, yin yang rotation Gu is also not my vital Gu, I don’t have confidence in doing so.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I understand. Shadow Sect will help you refine it, this is what your agreement with Shadow Sect was. I am now the leader of Shadow Sect, I can also acknowledge the previous agreement. Because we will need to rely on each other for a long time now, isn’t that right?”


 “It is good you have such awareness.” Bai Ning Bing lightly glanced at Fang Yuan, before leaving in satisfaction.


 To speak of it, Shadow Sect had more women than men.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin were all female immortals, only Ying Wu Xie and Fang Yuan were males.


 After this round of discussions, Fang Yuan, the new Shadow Sect leader, had obtained true acknowledgement.


 As for Ying Wu Xie, he was still in a dispirited state.


 He turned a deaf ear to everything Fang Yuan said.


 Killing intent surged in Fang Yuan’s mind and he wanted to end Ying Wu Xie’s life, taking all the Immortal Gu as well as grasping an excellent method like lead soul into dream.


 However, Fang Yuan thought of it and decided there was no hurry for now.


 He had already grasped all the contents of lead soul into dream, and only lacked the Gu worms, but this move had a huge burden on a Gu Immortal’s mind, it was also complex and very difficult to learn, and there were other aspects that were even more difficult to take into consideration.


 Even if Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu, he would have to spend some time before he could be proficient in it.


 Naturally, he also had other methods.


 For instance, the soul devouring method.


 As long as he devoured Ying Wu Xie’s soul, Fang Yuan would have memories and large amounts of experience related to lead soul into dream.


 Back then, when Ying Wu Xie had just been born, he was able to quickly use lead soul into dream, it was because the original split soul contained large amounts of memories pertaining to it.


 There was another reason as well, Sixth Hair.


 Sixth Hair was a spy placed in Lang Ya blessed land by Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan already knew of that.


 But, after Fang Yuan became Shadow Sect’s leader, he could not say for sure if he would obtain Sixth Hair’s acknowledgement.


 Sixth Hair was one of the split souls of Spectral Soul, which had infiltrated into Lang Ya blessed land and slowly grew up into a refinement path Gu Immortal. He and Fang Yuan had a hostile relation, now all of a sudden, Fang Yuan had become the leader of Shadow Sect, although it was Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will, would Sixth Hair accept it?


 Fang Yuan did not have confidence.


 More importantly, Sixth Hair was not bound by an alliance agreement of Shadow Sect.


 He could not have that.


 If he had an information path alliance agreement, it could easily be seen through by Lang Ya land spirit, his identity would be exposed.


 After all, no matter which Lang Ya land spirit it was, they were both refinement path experts, they naturally had all kinds of methods to see the dao marks in immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan did not know what Sixth Hair’s stance would be, but he understood that if he casually sacrificed Ying Wu Xie and took away his Gu worms, there would be little hope of Sixth Hair acknowledging him.


 Sixth Hair did not have high value himself, but he was a member of Lang Ya Sect. If used properly, who was to say that he would not be of help to Fang Yuan in the future to topple the whole of Lang Ya Sect!


 Fang Yuan did not want to lose this possibility for the moment.


 The gains could not match the losses, as such, Fang Yuan chose to let Lady White Rabbit look over Ying Wu Xie, while he entered closed cultivation to resolve the investigative killer move on him.


 When Purple Mountain True Monarch’s Immortal Gu ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands, they were no longer a comprehensive set.


 However, these Gu worms could barely form an immortal killer move called wisdom balances calamity, which could dispel the hidden dangers to oneself. Although it was not specially suited to his needs, it was the strongest method Fang Yuan could use currently.


 Fang Yuan had never used wisdom balances calamity, but fortunately, its structure was simple, it used few Immortal Gu and its steps were uncomplicated as well.


 If it were a complex killer move, Fang Yuan would not have chosen to attempt it so lightly.


 Red date immortal essence started to be expended as Gu worms activated according to Fang Yuan’s thoughts and will.


 Shortly after, a mysterious light spread out from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Bam.


 The next moment, the mysterious light suddenly collapsed, producing a muffled sound.


 Fang Yuan’s body slightly shook, two streams of blood flowing down his nose.


 The activation had failed.


 However, this situation was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 New killer moves needed to be attempted many times before they could be successfully activated.


 Man as Before!


 Fang Yuan quickly recovered to his prime state and began to try again.


 Second try, failure.


 Third try, failure.


 ...


 Fifth try, sixth try, failure.


 ...


 While Fang Yuan was activating the killer move, in Southern Border’s Wu clan.


 Supreme elder Wu Fa was facing a small Gu formation.


 This Gu formation was only the size of a water vat, but it used as many as a thousand Gu worms. The Gu formation was spread on the ground and was controlled by three other Wu clan Gu Immortals, who were continuously pouring in their immortal essence.


 The Gu formation activated, and started revolving quickly like a whirlpool.


 “Ready?” Wu Fa asked.


 The three Wu clan Gu Immortals nodded slightly, their attention completely on controlling this immortal Gu formation.


 Wu Fa slowly spread his hand open, revealing two mortal Gu in it.


 A life tablet Gu and a soul lantern Gu.


 He carefully tossed these two Gu worms into the Gu formation.


 These two mortal Gu were quickly engulfed and disappeared in the whirlpool. 

 The rotation speed of the whirlpool suddenly increased by several times.


 Sweat covered the foreheads of all three Wu clan Gu Immortals, their expressions turned pale and their bodies started trembling.


 After continuing for a while, two Gu Immortals directly collapsed on the ground, unconscious. The only remaining one slowly opened his eyes and gave a location with extreme exhaustion.


 Wu Fa quickly transmitted this location to Wu Yong.


 “Wu Yi Hai is likely to have been taken captive by Shadow Sect, since his life tablet Gu has not shattered, we can use this crucial clue to find Shadow Sect’s hideout. Plunder Shadow Earth Trench...”


 Thinking of this, Wu Yong called out to the Southern Border righteous forces: “I have a clue, follow me!”


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was unsightly.


 “Wisdom balances calamity actually cannot break the investigative killer move on me?! It seems I need to use a stronger method.”


 At this time, Hei Lou Lan’s urgent voice reached Fang Yuan’s ears: “The situation is not good! Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s Gu formation suddenly broke. It can prevent others’ deductions, it seems our location is exposed.”


 “Hmm, I already know.” Fang Yuan was not surprised. He was in control of this Gu formation, any problem in the Gu formation would be immediately known by him.


 Fang Yuan was not panicking at the incoming peril, he had already thought of a way.


 “Everyone, come over.”


 “We need to practise the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel!”



***
Chapter 1381 - Heavenly Court’s Letter


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The super Gu formation in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench might be broken, but it had warned Fang Yuan and the group.


 At this time, the Southern Border Gu Immortals were rushing over, but there was still some distance before they reached.


 Fang Yuan could use the upper extreme heavenly eagle to immediately escape.


 However, after he carefully considered it, he decided to try using Omni-directional Travel, and familiarize with this method early to prevent any accidents in the future.


 Because Fang Yuan’s methods could not break the investigative killer move, that meant his location would always be in an exposed state.


 It was likely that they would be ambushed by enemies while escaping.


 For instance, Fang Yuan’s group had ran into Yi clan’s Immortal Gu House, Bay Pavilion, earlier, while they were on the run.


 Under this situation, it was actually risky for Fang Yuan and the others to escape with the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Because the upper extreme heavenly eagle was not an Immortal Gu House, it and the Gu Immortals were not a single entity, and it did not provide a unified combination of offense and defense like Immortal Gu Houses. This meant the Gu Immortals on the eagle’s back could easily be targeted.


 But if they grasped the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel, they could teleport instantly, crossing an extremely large distance and leaving the danger area.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others were able to escape even Heavenly Court’s pursuit because they had this method. Fang Yuan’s repeated chases brought no results because of this ancient battle formation.


 Now, Fang Yuan was the new leader of Shadow Sect, his enemy’s advantage had now become his advantage.


 Fang Yuan summoned all the Gu Immortals, and passed on the contents of the ancient battle formation to every person.


 Among them, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and Ying Wu Xie had already grasped this formation path killer move.


 But it was the first time for Fang Yuan, Miao Yin and Black Tigress.


 In any case, only three of them had grasped Omni-directional Travel, and among them, Ying Wu Xie’s mind was in a turmoil and could not be relied on. As such, Fang Yuan needed to gather everyone and practise together.


 This formation path method needed each Gu Immortal to coordinate, so there was not much meaning in practicing alone.


 While Fang Yuan and the group were urgently practising Omni-directional Travel, Wu Yong was marching ahead majestically with the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


 “Wu Yong, according to your information, the enemies are likely to be in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench. We are not that far from the Earth Trench now, please give your orders to plan the situation.” Chi Qu You said.


 He was also a rank eight Gu Immortal, like Wu Yong, and based on seniority, he was from the same generation as Wu Du Xiu, highly senior to Wu Yong.


 However, Wu clan was at the height of power, while Chi clan was satisfied in ruling over their area and had far less reputation than Wu clan.


 Adding on the information revealed by Tie Mian Shen about Wu Yong, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were starting to feel apprehensive towards this Wu clan first supreme elder.


 And even some fear.


 After all, before this, many righteous path forces had looked to trouble Wu clan, some even openly invaded Wu clan’s external resource points.


 If they had known about Wu Yong’s strength and Wu clan’s Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, they would have restrained themselves and not have acted so recklessly.


 “Wu clan lost much territory, Wu Yong is absolutely going to settle the score later.”


 “After exterminating Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, Wu Yong will probably start taking actions.”


 “Sigh! We were all mistaken. This Wu Yong is very scheming, completely unlike Wu Du Xiu, he actually hid himself so well. Now that I think back, this was probably his plan, to show weakness first so that he can counterattack later with justification on his side, gaining even more benefits.”


 On the way, the Southern Border Gu Immortals continued to discuss with each other.


 Theories about Wu Yong soon became the common topic in the group.


 As for Fang Yuan and the rest of Shadow Sect’s members, Purple Mountain True Monarch had already died, even Spectral Soul’s main body was captured by Heavenly Court, to the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, only that upper extreme heavenly eagle was worth noting.


 They had mobilized six Immortal Gu Houses in this trip, what was there to fear about an upper extreme heavenly eagle?


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 “Ugh!” Bai Ning Bing suddenly coughed softly, a pained expression flashing past her eyes.


 The activation of Omni-directional Travel had failed again.


 Bai Ning Bing suffered the most severe backlash. But her expression soon recovered.


 Man as Before!


 Fang Yuan was successively activating this time path Immortal Gu, healing himself and others.


 A complicated expression flashed past Hei Lou Lan’s eyes, as she once again enjoyed the healing effect of Man as Before.


 Man as Before was still alive, even she was once again in Fang Yuan’s camp, the only pity was Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had died.


 Moreover, he had been personally killed by Fang Yuan.


 The training stopped.


 Fang Yuan healed his injuries using Man as Before, and began to think and summarize the reason for the failure.


 As for the others, they were still healing.


 Man as Before had been used on all of them, but its effect on them was far less than on Fang Yuan.


 The sovereign immortal body had the properly of non-conflicting dao marks, this slightly weakened Fang Yuan’s defense, but at the same time, it gave him a great boost in the healing aspect.


 The injuries to others were not serious, and adding on their outstanding inheritances, they soon recovered completely.


 “Alright, let’s try again.” Fang Yuan called.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel.


 Radiance spread out from every person’s body. The radiance soon linked together, but it started to waver and lose its stable state.


 Bam.


 There was a crack as the light dissipated, turning into countless little sparks that filled the sky.


 Fairy Miao Yin groaned, her face flushed red as she suffered the heaviest injury this time.


 Fang Yuan did not suffer any injuries, he activated Man as Before and healed Fairy Miao Yin first.


 “Our movements need to be united. Again.” After a while, Fang Yuan said while clapping his hands.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel!


 Another failure.


 Hei Lou Lan gave a muffled groan, her brows slightly furrowed, and a trace of pain flashed past her beautiful face.


 After resting again, Fang Yuan said: “Let’s adjust a little, follow my movements and then move accordingly. Understood?”


 The three women nodded without a sound.


 After a while, although Fang Yuan had to taste the bitter fruit of failure again, the progress was much better than before.


 “Good.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined.


 The crucial key to successful activation of the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel was closely united movements of all parties.


 After all the initial suffering and hard work, they finally started to find rhythm.


 But, right at this time, the formation suddenly emitted a thunderous sound.


 “Not good, there are several Immortal Gu Houses above the Earth Trench!” A Pure Dream Reality Seeker body who was in charge of controlling the Gu formation hurried over to report.


 At once, all the female immortals’ gazes gathered on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was Shadow Sect’s leader, they were waiting for Fang Yuan’s decision.


 “Quite fast, but no worries.” Fang Yuan smiled: “This situation is within my expectations. We will follow the plan.”


 “Yes.” The Pure Dream Reality Seeker body quickly retreated.


 “Continue.” Fang Yuan said to the female immortals: “Immortal Gu Houses have locked onto Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, we have limited time, we need to hurry.”


 Inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Wu Yong was looking down at Plunder Shadow Earth Trench through the windows.


 After observing for a while, a sharp light flashed past his eyes: “This super Gu formation is quite profound. The creator used the natural dao marks in the Earth Trench to construct an immortal Gu formation with just large numbers of mortal Gu.”


 “There are shadow monsters as well. Amazing, this scale is enormous, they have all been gathered into one area by this super Gu formation.” Qiao Zhi Cai exclaimed from the side.


 At this time, Chi Qu You’s excited voice came from within Chi clan’s Immortal Gu House: “Good formation, good formation, how about letting this old man deduce this formation’s weakness and break it?”


 “No need.” Wu Yong lightly refused, “This extermination trip should be finished quickly. Just this Gu formation, so what? Even if there were several times more shadow monsters, they won’t be able to block our Immortal Gu Houses’ attacks.”


 As he said this, Wu Yong paused, before sending a command: “Everyone, attack.”


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building immediately took the lead, charging down amidst the fierce wind.


 It killed all the shadow monsters on its way, paving a path of massacre and chaos.


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were visibly shocked as they looked at this sight, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building’s might had greatly surpassed their expectations.


 “This is Wu clan’s might!” Many Gu Immortals sighed internally, as if they were seeing a scene of the past where Wu Du Xiu fought her way through all.


 Wu Yong was of Wu clan’s bloodline in the end, ferocity was already deep within his blood and bones.


 At once, the Southern Border Gu Immortals felt a sense of invigoration in their hearts.


 “Kill!”


 “Charge.”


 “Kill these demonic scoundrels!!”


 Several Immortal Gu Houses rampaged like unstoppable beasts, the countless layers of shadow monsters felt like weak sheep in contrast.


 Cries of massacre had already reached Fang Yuan’s ears, and they were getting louder.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s expression changed slightly.


 Hei Lou Lan took several glances at Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan showed no reaction.


 Bai Ning Bing was still aloof and indifferent.


 The super Gu formation would not be able to stop the intense attacks of several Immortal Gu Houses, and would collapse in a short while.


 The highest cultivation of the shadow monsters was only rank seven, and they were already killed or had dispersed in all directions.


 Just as Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were advancing boldly into the cave, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies stood up.


 Bam bam bam...


 A series of self-detonations resounded, dream realms formed instantly.


 “This move again, retreat!” Yi clan Gu Immortals had suffered from this move before, they immediately retreated far away with Bay Pavilion.


 Other Immortal Gu Houses also had no choice but to stop, and look on from the side.


 The dream realms had formed into an all-around defense over Fang Yuan and the others.


 Wu Yong and the rest had complex expressions, how could they break through such a defensive line?


 It was as if they were being bullied for being ignorant in dream path!


 These righteous path Gu Immortals, who had been advancing with surging momentum, were dumbfounded.


 Wu Yong suddenly chuckled: “Having to use such a defense means Shadow Sect is already at its wits’ end. They are blocking us, but we are also trapping them inside. Let me see how long they can keep this defense.”


 Both sides were in a stalemate.


 Right at this time, Wu Yong’s expression changed slightly as he received a letter Gu.


 It was from Heavenly Court!



***
Chapter 1382 - Wu Yong’s Anger and Hatred


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the battle of the dream realm, Shadow Sect lost entirely, and Southern Border’s righteous path similarly suffered devastating losses.


 They lost the super Gu formation they had arranged, the Immortal Gu each clan had offered, as well as countless mortal Gu.


 They had invested so much, but their earnings were so little, moreover, in the exploration of the dream realm, they had suffered direct attacks and lost several Gu Immortals.


 The true profiteer, besides Fang Yuan who had become Shadow Sect’s leader, was Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court had not only captured Spectral Soul’s main body, they had also walked away with the remaining second and first layer of the super Gu formation.


 The Immortal Gu inside these two layers all belonged to Southern Border’s righteous path, besides dark limit Immortal Gu which belonged to Fang Yuan.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was extremely indignant at such behavior, they wanted to demand an explanation from Heavenly Court.


 After all, they all belonged to the righteous path; Heavenly Court’s actions were too unreasonable!


 When they had just started chasing after Fang Yuan and the others, Wu Yong had also started looking for Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals. Although Southern Border and Central Continent were two different regions, super forces often transacted with each other.


 The credit for this went to treasure yellow heaven. It was because of treasure yellow heaven that Gu Immortals could transact easily and more often with each other.


 Continuous circulation of goods meant frequent exchange and communication.


 As such, Wu Yong was able to look for Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects without much obstruction.


 However, he was not able to contact Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 If he could not interrogate Heavenly Court, just tangling with the ten great ancient sects would not solve their problems.


 “Fairy Zi Wei...” Wu Yong mumbled while holding an information path mortal Gu.


 He had not expected Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to take the initiative to seek him out.


 And this hidden Heavenly Court wisdom path Gu Immortal had used just a mere information path mortal Gu to put Wu Yong in a difficult spot.


 The contents of this information path mortal Gu were about Fang Yuan and the others.


 Heavenly Court had information about Ying Wu Xie, Purple Mountain True Monarch, Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Including the information that they possessed on the ancient battle formation, Omni-directional Travel.


 The information that shocked Wu Yong the most was — the real Wu Yi Hai was long since dead, the person who had mixed into Wu clan as ‘Wu Yi Hai’ was the otherworldly demon Fang Yuan!


 “It was actually like this! Fang Yuan is Wu Yi Hai, Wu Yi Hai is Fang Yuan?” Wu Yong had still been thinking about saving his little brother, but now, he found that his half-sibling had died long ago, and the enemy had been disguising as him all along.


 Wu Yong first felt shock at this information, after all, this was beyond his expectations.


 He then felt anger!


 Anger towards Fang Yuan.


 This blasted criminal was the true killer of Wu Yi Hai, and was actually so audacious that after committing the murder, not only did he not escape, he joined Wu clan instead.


 This was simply a slap towards the entirety of Wu clan, including Wu Yong.


 More importantly, Fang Yuan had managed to pull it off perfectly.


 This was a disgrace, a humiliation!


 Fang Yuan not only looked down on the great Wu clan, he still ran to Wu clan and gave them resounding slaps.


 What kind of force was Wu clan?


 Southern Border’s publicly recognized number one righteous path force!


 What kind of person was Wu Yong?


 Wu Yong was the current person in charge of Wu clan, he was the first supreme elder with rank eight cultivation, he was a powerhouse with a number of rank eight Immortal Gu and even possessed an Immortal Gu House!


 Fang Yuan’s action was simply toying with Wu clan and Wu Yong like they were a joke.


 However, besides anger towards Fang Yuan, Wu Yong was also furious at Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court had taken away all the Immortal Gu of Wu clan from the super Gu formation, this was one reason.


 The second was that Heavenly Court had sent this information to Wu Yong.


 What did this imply?


 They were telling Wu Yong wordlessly — We have blackmail material on your Wu clan, you should consider your next course of action properly.


 As far as Wu Yong was concerned, this was a threat.


 Why was it that information of Fang Yuan being disguised as Wu Yi Hai was a threat to Wu Yong?


 This was the difference between the righteous path and demonic path.


 The righteous path had its own rules.


 The righteous path paid attention to reputation and face, even if they took something by force, they would need a proper reason. They all needed to stand on the side of righteousness.


 Previously, many clans created difficulties for Wu clan, seizing Wu clan’s resource points.


 How did Hou clan do it?


 They first sent one of their Gu Immortals to pretend to be a demonic scoundrel, while another Hou clan Gu Immortal pretended to chase him down, and with this reason, they forcibly occupied the resource point.


 How did Yang clan do it?


 They had planned and prepared for a long time, they first inserted themselves in a nearby mortal village of Wu clan, then through the friction and contradictions between the mortals, they obtained justification.


 Wu Yong clearly had high battle strength, and also possessed Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, why did he have to act so passively before?


 Hehe.


 This was Wu Yong’s scheme.


 He knew Wu clan had an enormous territory. If he directly showed his strength, other clans would only be wary and perhaps restrain themselves, but they would still be itching to take action.


 After all, Wu clan only had one rank eight Gu Immortal.


 But if Wu clan passively defended first, letting other clans bully it, Wu Yong could later retaliate with justification and sufficient excuses, and get a bite out of every clan.


 Only like this would every force remember the pain, and not dare to infringe upon Wu clan’s might for several decades.


 This was Wu Yong’s plan, even his closest aide, Wu Fa, was not aware of this.


 In fact, before this, everything had been gradually progressing according to Wu Yong’s plan. It was just that he had not expected the appearance of a disrupter like Shadow Sect.


 The demon Fang Yuan had mixed into Wu clan, and even Wu Yong himself treated Fang Yuan as his own brother.


 Don’t forget that before this, Wu Yong had used Wu Yi Hai many times to elevate his reputation by showing care for him.


 Such a matter had happened to Wu clan, which was the number one righteous path force of Southern Border, this would absolutely lower their reputation sharply, and even cause other clans to have thoughts of turning on them.


 Wu Yong had wanted to use his planned excuses to get back at the other clans. But with this matter, as long as Southern Border’s great clans stubbornly pressed on this issue, Wu clan’s prestige would be gone.


 Your Wu clan is the head of Southern Border’s righteous path, but a demon mixed in and even left unharmed.


 What face does your Wu clan have to command the righteous path?


 What qualifications does your Wu clan have to occupy these resources? Are you occupying these resources so you can supply them to the demons you are hiding inside your clan?


 On Earth, this was akin to when celebrities were discovered to have taken drugs, successful people who always proclaimed they loved their family were found to have extramarital affairs, or when traitorous undercover agents were found within the police force.


 Prestige could not be seen and could not be touched, but it was indeed a kind of strength that could influence all aspects.


 The way Wu Yong saw it, those resource points Wu clan lost were nothing.


 Since they could be lost, he could also seize them back.


 In truth, he was trying to take the opportunity to elevate his prestige, show his powerful strength, and leave behind his story in the history of Southern Border.


 However, this changed because of Fang Yuan.


 Once this matter was found out, it would be a huge blow to Wu clan!


 The prestige and reputation that countless generations of Wu clan members had built and maintained painstakingly would suffer enormous damage.


 Once this matter was spread, what face would Wu Yong still have to go seize back the lost resource points? Wu clan would not be able to raise its head for a long period of time.


 “This damned Fang Yuan!”


 Wu Yong clenched his teeth.


 He had never hated a person to this extent.


 It was actually quite ironic. He had himself to blame for using Wu Yi Hai to increase his reputation, by showing his benevolence and familial love.


 But the result? This familial love would turn into Wu Yong’s incompetence for being toyed around by Fang Yuan.


 This was a lifetime stain on Wu Yong.


 “This blasted Fairy Zi Wei!”


 Wu Yong was full of hatred towards this female wisdom path immortal of Heavenly Court as well.


 Her intention was clear. By informing Wu Yong of this, she was warning Wu Yong, as well as using him as a tool to make him do his best to eliminate Fang Yuan and the others!


 Wu Yong had to kill Fang Yuan.


 As long as he secretly killed Fang Yuan, Wu Yi Hai’s death could be blamed on Shadow Sect, it was undoubtedly logical.


 By then, even if Heavenly Court exposed this matter, Wu Yong would have nothing to fear.


 This matter also would not be his life’s disgrace.


 “Fairy Zi Wei...” Wu Yong mumbled this name.


 He knew clearly that Fairy Zi Wei wanted him to exert himself to kill Fang Yuan and the others, she was blatantly using him. Yet Wu Yong had no choice but to do it.


 Most importantly, this letter Gu from Fairy Zi Wei only had information about Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect, it did not have any words of negotiation or threat towards Wu Yong, this made Wu Yong unable to grasp any information that could be used against Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Lord Wu Yong, what happened?” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder, Qiao Zhi Cai, asked with concern when he saw Wu Yong’s expression turning odd.


 Wu Yong glanced at him, immediately feeling hatred towards him as well.


 “It was this old geezer.”


 “Ordering Qiao clan to cling onto and climb up my Wu clan.”


 “Without him, how could Fang Yuan have joined my Wu clan so easily?”


 On the surface, however, Wu Yong smiled, speaking warmly to Qiao Zhi Cai: “It is nothing, I was just concerned about my brother, who knows what would happen to him in Shadow Sect’s hands?”


 Qiao Zhi Cai felt strange inwardly, there were no outsiders here, why was Wu Yong still concerned about Wu Yi Hai? Why was he acting like this?


 Previously, Wu Yong’s concern over Fang Yuan was just a show, but it was real this time.


 His concern over Fang Yuan now was the desire to kill him immediately!


 “You still cannot contact Wu Yi Hai?” Wu Yong secretly contacted Wu clan’s Gu Immortals back at headquarters.


 The group of immortals were silent.


 Among them, one spoke: “The last time we communicated with Lord Wu Yi Hai was when he borrowed Gu from the clan.”


 Another continued: “Lord Wu Yi Hai has six Immortal Gu he borrowed from the clan, nothing must happen to him!”


 Wu Yong’s anger immediately flared by several degrees.


 He had personally approved Fang Yuan’s request of borrowing these six Immortal Gu from the treasury. Moreover, there was still the provision of a hundred thousand immortal essence stones, Wu Yong himself had taken the initiative to give them to Fang Yuan.


 Wu Yong really wanted to slap himself.


 At the same time, his hatred towards Fang Yuan deepened even more.


 It was this guy!


 This guy really could act.


 Even at the verge of being exposed, he still did not forget to reap profits. Truly insidious and extremely crafty!


 I, the grand Wu Yong, was actually scammed by this guy!



***
Chapter 1383 - Hidden Confrontation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Yong had considered that Heavenly Court might have sent false information.


 However, Fairy Zi Wei had provided a lot of evidence, moreover, back then, after Fang Yuan had changed his appearance, many Southern Border Gu Immortals had witnessed him leaving the battlefield with Hei, Bai and other immortals on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Wu Yi Hai’s disappearance was too sudden and strange, if Wu Yi Hai was Fang Yuan, then everything could be explained.


 “Send over Wu Yi Hai’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu through treasure yellow heaven. Also, Wu Fa, take out some Immortal Gu from the treasury for me.” Wu Yong was looking at the layers of dream realms through the window, while secretly sending his orders.


 At the same time, he said to the far away Chi Qu You: “Chi clan first supreme elder, please construct a formation around this area, to prevent the enemy from escaping with space path methods.”


 “Oh? The enemy has such a method?” Chi Qu You was surprised, before nodding: “I can arrange a Gu formation to disturb space path transportations, but I don’t have enough Immortal Gu with me.”


 “No worries.” Wu Yong laughed, “Right now, we have so many allies with us, no need to worry about not having enough Immortal Gu.”


 No one retorted to Wu Yong, all of them followed Chi Qu You’s request and looked at what Immortal Gu they had that could be arranged into a Gu formation.


 If they truly did not have the required Gu, they could get them sent over with the help of treasure yellow heaven.


 Despite the huge cost of doing so.


 But after Fang Yuan had started this trend, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had already started to imitate it.


 Fang Yuan soon found out about the matter of Wu clan transporting Gu worms to Wu Yong. After all, treasure yellow heaven was extremely open, any Immortal Gu transaction could cause a huge commotion.


 “These Immortal Gu, they are almost all from Wu clan’s treasury. Looks like they are transporting them through treasure yellow heaven.”


 “There are also my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu! Hmph!”


 Fang Yuan immediately had a bad premonition.


 Unfortunately, he could do nothing to stop it even after knowing this.


 Transactions in treasure yellow heaven were extremely safe. Fang Yuan had once relied on this aspect, but now, his enemies were using this advantage.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s information path mortal Gu received Wu Yong’s message.


 “Wu Yi Hai, or should I call you Fang Yuan? We can discuss and do a transaction. Use your Immortal Gu to buy your life. How about it?”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk: “Looks like Heavenly Court has exposed this secret. Those Gu worms must have been all sent to Wu Yong’s hands. Directly threatening me to buy my life? It seems he should have some method...”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan stopped training with the other Gu Immortals.


 “All of you continue practising, I need to deal with a slight annoyance.” Throwing out these words, he immediately stepped aside and began to activate reverse flow protection seal.


 Inside Wu Yong’s immortal aperture, Gu worms flew one after another like layers of clouds, almost covering the sky of the aperture.


 “This is the signature killer move that Wu clan 1 , a former super clan of Southern Border, had used to inflict darkness and terror to Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. After my Wu clan obtained it, we have been keeping it a secret, worried that we would be excluded by the joint forces of the other clans should they find out. Now, Fang Yuan, have a taste of it.”


 Cold light erupted in Wu Yong’s eyes.


 The immortal killer move activated!


 However, using his methods, he restrained the aura of the killer move, even Qiao Zhi Cai, who was standing beside him, did not sense it.


 At the next moment, Wu Yong’s expression changed, his body shook fiercely as he coughed out a large mouthful of blood.


 “Lord Wu Yong, what’s wrong?” Qiao Zhi Cai was pale with fright, quickly running over to support Wu Yong.


 “How could this be?! Fortunately, I only wanted to warn and probe, and did not use its full might.” Wu Yong was filled with shock, he had clearly targeted Fang Yuan, but he was the one who suffered.


 Wu Yong lightly shook off Qiao Zhi Cai’s hand.


 His expression quickly recovered, coughing a few times: “No worries. It is a hidden injury from my battle at the purple blood river formation.”


 Qiao Zhi Cai immediately showed a moved and admirable expression: “Lord Wu Yong hurried over to save his little brother, disregarding his injuries. You are truly the model example of our righteous path!”


 Wu Yong:”...”


 He was silent for a moment, before saying to Qiao Zhi Cai: “You are amazing.”


 How could Qiao Zhi Cai have expected Wu Yong’s words to be sarcastic, he was still thinking his flattery had worked and was inwardly feeling pleased.


 Wu Yong’s injury was because of Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal.


 “Reverse Flow River’s water has decreased a little, Wu Yong indeed has some kind of terrifying method that can directly attack my physical body through my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu. It’s a pity he encountered my reverse flow protection seal, and his killer move was completely reflected back.”


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, and started thinking: “This is a little strange. Since Wu Yong knows I am Fang Yuan, how could he not have considered my reverse flow protection seal?”


 “Could it be... he does not know my other identity, Liu Guan Yi? Did Heavenly Court not inform him? Or maybe, even Heavenly Court does not know of it?”


 Fang Yuan thought of the dream realm.


 This time, his identity had been exposed because the external manifestation of the giant dream realm was invaded by heaven’s will.


 He had entered the dream realm many times to explore, and when his soul entered the dreams, it was without the disguise of familiar face and dark limit Immortal Gu, as such, heaven’s will could see his true body and find his location.


 If it was like this, then Liu Guan Yi’s identity had not been exposed!


 “Damn it.” Fang Yuan’s heart suddenly sank when he thought of this: “I have activated reverse flow protection seal now, and with the investigative killer move on me, am I not telling others that I am Liu Guan Yi?! Whether or not Heavenly Court discovered this identity before, now that I have activated reverse flow protection seal, they definitely know of it.”


 This was a small hidden confrontation.


 A brand new battle.


 It involved three sides, Fang Yuan, Wu Yong and Heavenly Court.


 Wu Yong suffered backlash from his own method, but his injuries were not serious. Fang Yuan did not suffer any injuries, but had exposed a lot of information. Heavenly Court was manipulating from behind the scenes, making Wu Yong and Fang Yuan fight each other, without using their own strength.


 This was Fairy Zi Wei’s scheme.


 This Heavenly Court wisdom path Gu Immortal grasped crucial clues and information, and immediately displayed her powerful scheming ability, moreover, she handled it with extreme finesse.


 Wu Yong sent another letter to Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan paid no more attention to it.


 The training of the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel finally showed results and they were getting closer to success.


 However, Fang Yuan had now become a ‘burden’.


 He needed to maintain reverse flow protection seal at all times to guard against Wu Yong’s attacks, his focus was mostly placed on this, and so, it was difficult to pay attention to Omni-directional Travel.


 However, after Fang Yuan intentionally slowed down the pace, they were finally able to activate it little by little.


 A resplendent radiance illuminated their surroundings.


 The light quickly dissipated, Fang Yuan and the rest had disappeared from the spot.


 The intense turbulence of space path was more or less sensed by the Southern Border Gu Immortals outside the dream realm.


 “They have left. Maybe, one or two are left behind.” Wu Yong was not surprised.


 “But our Gu formation has yet to be constructed fully. They actually had such methods? Why didn’t they use it earlier on? It definitely has some serious flaws.” Qiao Zhi Cai guessed.


 Chi Qu You stroked his beard: “No worries. Although my super Gu formation has not been arranged perfectly, it has produced some results. I believe that right now, they should have already been separated.”


 Many Southern Border Gu Immortals were clueless, but Wu Yong did not stint on his praise: “Chi clan’s first supreme elder is truly formidable!”


 Since Wu Yong knew Fang Yuan and the rest had Omni-directional Travel, he had predicted they would use this method to escape, how could he not have arranged a method to deal with it?


 He had already secretly transmitted the information to Chi Qu You and had him arrange a countermeasure against it.


 Chi Qu You was a rank eight Gu Immortal, a formation path great grandmaster, with a concrete goal and information, he could make an appropriate response.


 Huff!


 Bai Ning Bing had just stepped on the ground, when she coughed out a large mouthful of blood, she felt exhausted and her face was deathly pale.


 “This is not our intended destination!” Bai Ning Bing’s dragon pupils slightly shrunk.


 She quickly contacted the others.


 The ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel had been disrupted, the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals were separated, far from each other.


 Besides Fang Yuan, each of them were injured to some degree.


 “What should we do, sect leader?” Fairy Miao Yin quickly inquired.


 Fang Yuan hesitated.


 Should he escape by himself using the upper extreme heavenly eagle? Or should he waste time to regather the Shadow Sect immortals?


 By now, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies had basically all detonated into dream realms back in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 There were still a few who were left in the immortal apertures of Hei Lou Lan and the others, including Ying Wu Xie, who was in Lady White Rabbit’s immortal aperture.


 Dream realms were invaded by heaven’s will, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies were also paid attention to by heaven’s will at all times, keeping them near oneself was the same as leaking their location.


 However, Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies could self-detonate into dream realms at crucial times and be used to obstruct Immortal Gu Houses. As such, Fang Yuan was keeping them with him.


 The investigative killer move on him had not been broken. There was also his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, which were in Wu clan’s hands, more importantly, Wu clan actually had methods to attack Fang Yuan through them.


 The situation could be said to be extremely bad and dangerous!


 It was difficult for Fang Yuan to deal with even one Immortal Gu House. The upper extreme heavenly eagle was not reliable, although it had rank eight strength, it would not risk its life if it encountered a strong enemy. Fang Yuan’s control over it had yet to be improved.


 Dark limit Immortal Gu was also lost, heaven’s will could now monitor Fang Yuan at all times and easily make arrangements.


 “Moreover, they might also have been struck by investigative methods as well.” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned gloomy.


 After coming out of Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, Fang Yuan’s next destination was Western Desert.


 Among the five regions, Western Desert had the highest quantity of Shadow Sect’s remaining resources. Because Ying Wu Xie, Purple Mountain True Monarch and the others had traveled the other four regions, and plundered all the remaining resources and Immortal Gu that they could plunder. Only Western Desert remained.


 “Should I go to Western Desert alone?”


 “It is a pity to sacrifice them like this. Also, as long as I don’t break the investigative method on me, my whereabouts will always be grasped by others.”


 “Lang Ya Sect...”



***
Chapter 1384 - Respective Trials


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rumble...


 Air currents surged and great waves billowed. Glorious radiance shined, creating a magnificent scene.


 From within the light, a figure gradually walked out.


 He was extremely tall, about nine feet, with a well-built body. He had long and dense black hair that draped behind him like a cloak, slightly waving as he walked forward.


 The most eye-catching part was this Gu Immortal had a pair of spiral dragon horns on his forehead, which seemed to be made of purple gold, shining brightly.


 Fairy Zi Wei had already waited for a long time, she went up and bowed with joy: “Lord Duke Long.”


 This person was none other than Duke Long.


 He had personally led the Central Continent immortals in Heaven Overseeing Tower, becoming the biggest winner of the battle of the dream realm.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was extremely fast, it returned to Central Continent after quickly crossing two regions in white heaven.


 The immortals of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects left by themselves, while Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei returned to Heavenly Court.


 As per Duke Long’s instructions, Fairy Zi Wei activated Heavenly Court’s Gu formation to screen Duke Long’s identity and prevent him from being possessed by Spectral Soul.


 From the current situation, it looked like Spectral Soul did not succeed in possession, and Duke Long was still Duke Long.


 But...


 His face was ashen, his brows were deeply knotted, and every step he took, his soul felt a tremor.


 “As expected of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, even after death, his soul path attainment is still unrivaled. I will use our Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard to thoroughly suppress him.” Duke Long said, “Fairy Zi Wei, you shall continue to lead Heavenly Court, do your best to completely eliminate Fang Yuan and the rest.”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “I have already notified Wu Yong and have borrowed the strength of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals to separate Fang Yuan and the rest of Shadow Sect members. Not long ago, I sent another letter to Wu Yong, informing him of the specific location of these Shadow Sect members. I estimate, we will receive news of success within a few days.”


 Duke Long nodded lightly, a trace of admiration flashing past his eyes as he looked at Fairy Zi Wei.


 This was the incredible power of a wisdom path Gu Immortal!


 They could pry into the secrets of heaven and earth with just one event. They could appraise people’s hearts, and make others fight for them while they watch from far away.


 Fairy Zi Wei herself had extraordinary talent, and was an elite among rank eight Gu Immortals, this was the reason why she had been accepted into Heavenly Court. And with the use of Star Constellation Chessboard, she could be said to be among the top three wisdom path experts in the present.


 The reason why she could not be said to be number one, was because the world was vast, there were many experts who lived in seclusion. Even Heavenly Court did not know the specific details. Chaos had to descend, the world had to be turned upside down, before these experts made their appearance.


 Previously, Fairy Zi Wei had not been able to make many achievements because she lacked crucial clues.


 At that time, Fang Yuan’s defense was too good.


 But it was different now.


 Duke Long continued to instruct: “This demon Fang Yuan, we must take his life. He is a complete otherworldly demon, the only natural enemy of fate Gu. But, he is also the long-awaited inheritor of Red Lotus. He not only has Giant Sun’s true inheritance, but also will gain Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “The great era is coming, our Heavenly Court needs to have our fourth Immortal Venerable, Great Dream Immortal Venerable. To receive and guide her, we need to put in all our effort to remove all obstacles. Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, Red Lotus, all of them.”


 “Everything is for Great Dream Immortal Venerable, Zi Wei, do you understand?”


 “I understand.” Fairy Zi Wei nodded, “Just like you arranged, that person is now in Southern Border.”


 “Good.” Duke Long nodded, he did not speak any further, turning around and leaving.


 Fairy Zi Wei stood on the spot, quietly seeing off Duke Long with her gaze, until his tall body completely disappeared into the immortal graveyard.


 She slowly breathed out a sigh, her eyes glittering as she thought of the huge task.


 “Heavenly Court is to be the strongest. For all... eternity!” She softly mumbled.


 Southern Border.


 A white figure quickly streaked through the air.


 Soon after, thunder and fire arrived, exploding in a line behind the figure.


 It was a small error, but it resulted in a large discrepancy.


 The white figure dodged in time, coming out safe and sound. It then stopped and casually waved backwards.


 Whoosh!


 In an instant, ice and snow flew, and cold wind roared.


 A figure came out of the thunder and fire, and had wanted to chase, but it quickly stopped and used defensive methods.


 Several breaths later, this small valley turned into a land of ice and snow, ice crystals could be seen everywhere, shining brightly under the sunlight while releasing cold air.


 “Having rank six cultivation level but rank seven battle strength? Terrifying, truly worthy of a Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique Gu Immortal.” Chai clan rank seven expert Chai Po Jun inwardly praised, before increasing his strength.


 Bam.


 The thick ice that had formed on his body could not resist his fierce power, immediately shattering into pieces.


 He was thin and shriveled, his skin was slightly black as if he had been forged in iron, his fierce eyes staring at his opponent, who was standing on a high slope.


 His opponent was dressed in white, and had an extremely graceful figure.


 Bright silver hair flowed down to her waist. Her pale blue dragon eyes emitting a cold aura to the outside world. Her skin was white as snow, her expression was cold, and with an unparalleled appearance, even Chai Po Jun’s soul was stirred when he first saw this beauty!


 The more eye-catching part was the pair of small and cute red dragon horns that were growing on this female immortal’s forehead.


 She was dragon lady Bai Ning Bing.


 She had activated the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel with Fang Yuan and the rest, but because of Chi Qu You’s Gu formation, the battle formation was disrupted and the Gu Immortals were separated in all directions.


 Bai Ning Bing had been teleported to this place and had immediately treated her injuries. She then moved towards the gathering point which Fang Yuan had set, but was intercepted by Chai Po Jun.


 An intense battle began as a result.


 They fought for dozens of rounds and had battled through hundreds of li, but were unable to determine a victor.


 Two pairs of eyes gazed at each other. Chai Po Jun did not immediately initiate the attack.


 Bai Ning Bing stared at Chai Po Jun’s skin with her blue dragon eyes, pondering: “This is the neutralize wood body created by Chai Po Jun? Even if it is an immortal killer move attacking this body, as long as they are not powerful enough, their strength will be sharply reduced and end up at the level of a mortal killer move.”


 Chai Po Jun’s neutralize wood body was a unique move, it directly destroyed Bai Ning Bing’s cold eyes immortal killer move.


 Bai Ning Bing’s cold eyes immortal killer move was a move that was quite troublesome to deal with. In the past, Fang Yuan had been struck by this move when he was chasing Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 However, Chai Po Jun’s neutralize wood body could directly disregard cold eyes.


 Naturally, Bai Xiang’s true inheritance did not just have cold eyes, as such, while fighting with Bai Ning Bing, Chai Po Jun had been inflicted with quite a few injuries.


 “Amazing.” Chai Po Jun suddenly spoke: “I have to hand it to you, Bai Ning Bing.”


 His tone was flat, without any fluctuation in his pitch. In this silent battlefield, this strange tone seemed to fade into the cold air.


 “You are only a rank six, but I am actually finding trouble dealing with you.”


 “I have been famous for a long time, and have long been a reputed rank seven fire path expert in Southern Border. But look at me now, I am actually unable to dispel this frost energy on me!”


 “One of the ten extreme physiques, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, as well as Bai Xiang’s true inheritance... it really makes people envious.”


 “If you were kind and walked the righteous path, you would definitely have a place in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. A pity that you have fallen to the demonic path, bringing disaster to countless beings, your ending can only be death.”


 As he said this, Chai Po Jun paused, slightly turning his head to look at the horizon.


 Thunder rumbled.


 Crackle.


 Lightning spread far and wide, cleaving ice and rocks, another rank seven expert had suddenly descended.


 “Bai Ning Bing, you think you can escape after attacking Southern Border’s righteous path?” This expert’s eyes shined fiercely as he bellowed.


 Chai Po Jun let out a breath of air when he saw the reinforcement.


 He had intentionally spoken a lot of superfluous words to stall for time.


 After fighting with Bai Ning Bing, he deeply realized it was difficult for him to win against Bai Ning Bing, let alone take her life.


 He needed backup.


 Fortunately, Wu Yong was in charge of the whole situation, and with Fairy Zi Wei’s swift information, he immediately dispatched Gu Immortals to besiege the scattered Shadow Sect members.


 “Be careful, this woman is extremely strong, we can’t be careless.”


 “Relax, I have the information given by Lord Wu Yong. As long as we hold her here for some time, an expert specialized in battlefield killer moves will come to help us.”


 Just as the two were secretly communicating, Bai Ning Bing suddenly spoke.


 Her nature was cold as ice, she had remained silent during the whole battle. This was the first time she spoke.


 “Idiots.”


 It was a cold and arrogant voice, but at the same time, it was very pleasant to listen to, making the two rank seven experts slightly dazed.


 At the next moment, Bai Ning Bing suddenly erupted with a powerful aura.


 “Damn! What immortal killer move is this? Its aura alone is so terrifying.”


 “I was delaying to wait for backup, I didn’t expect Bai Ning Bing to also be delaying for time so she could prepare her killer move!”


 The backup’s heart shook, while Chai Po Jun shouted and blamed himself for walking into a trap.


 ...


 “There is the eerie fire tunnel ahead. As long as I enter it, I can guard against deductions and wait for help.” Hei Lou Lan moved quickly.


 In her vision, trees turned into afterimages as she quickly moved past them.


 Hei Lou Lan had ended up in this place after the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel failed, but she had immediately received Fang Yuan’s instructions, to move to a hidden location about a hundred li ahead and take refuge while waiting for others.


 Without doubt, Hei Lou Lan’s luck was pretty good, as not far from her was the eerie fire tunnel.


 This was a formation set up by Purple Mountain True Monarch while he was alive, it was constructed with eerie fire immortal materials and had the effect of concealment by blocking wisdom path deductions.


 After a while of running, the eerie fire tunnel was already within five li.


 However, right at this time, Hei Lou Lan suddenly stopped.


 She gazed at the inconspicuous small tree ahead, her brows furrowed and all kinds of Gu worm aura gradually rose from her body.


 “You only saw my Gu formation now, Hei Lou Lan, your vision is quite poor.” A jesting voice came from nowhere.


 The next moment, the Gu formation activated.


 Hei Lou Lan’s vision suddenly changed, the mountains and grassy lands disappeared, only a desert remained where not even grass grew.


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils contracted.


 Being trapped in an immortal formation was the worst situation.


 If she had encountered an enemy, she could escape. But in a Gu formation, she was caged.


 There was another thing Hei Lou Lan suspected.


 “My speed was not slow. I have been moving according to Fang Yuan’s instructions.”


 “The enemy actually knew my movement route, and also set up a Gu formation earlier.”


 “Did Fang Yuan sacrifice me, luring the enemy to me so that he had time to escape?”



***
Chapter 1385 - Fang Yuan’s Judgment


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 A huge explosion occurred, flames raged everywhere.


 Scalding air currents gathered into a solid air wall that fiercely repelled everything.


 At once, yellow sand filled the Gu formation, and smoke rose up.


 Dust gradually settled down, revealing a lone figure.


 It was Hei Lou Lan.


 She was gasping heavily, her body covered in a fiery dress. This gorgeous dress that was originally filled with flames now only had some bits of fire remaining.


 “Even this move cannot destroy the Gu formation?” Sensing she was still inside the Gu formation, Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 The fight had been ongoing for over an hour, Hei Lou Lan had used all her methods but was unable to destroy this Gu formation.


 She was completely in a disadvantageous and passive state.


 In fact, during the whole fight, she did not even know what her opponent looked like.


 This Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal was controlling the Gu formation from behind the scenes, and had never revealed himself.


 “I must admit... Hei Lou Lan, you are really strong.”


 “It is a pity that you do not possess even a meager amount of formation path attainment.”


 “I will be honest with you, even if your battle strength doubled, you still won’t be able to forcibly break my signature Gu formation.”


 As he said this, the formation path Gu Immortal let out a long laugh of satisfaction.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, sighing inwardly: “I don’t have much immortal essence left and I have used all my methods. To think that I, Hei Lou Lan, would finally die here. Oh! Mother, I could not avenge you, although Hei tribe is already destroyed, Hei Cheng is still alive, this is my biggest regret!!”


 Right at this time, the formation path Gu Immortal’s laughter abruptly stopped.


 “Damn it!” He let out a shout in which his fright could be clearly heard.


 “A chance?!” Hei Lou Lan roused herself.


 At the next moment, she saw the grey world of the Gu formation suddenly brightening up with long rays of light.


 Sword light!


 The sword lights flashed by, but they left behind long lines of white marks in the dark sky.


 As the white marks rapidly enlarged, Hei Lou Lan heard a resonant dragon roar that quickly turned louder and louder until it was the only thing she could hear.


 Hei Lou Lan’s mind jolted.


 She was extremely familiar with this dragon roar.


 She had a heavy impression of it.


 Because not long ago, Hei Lou Lan had been hunted down miserably by the creator of this sound, and was only able to barely survive with the combined strength of Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 “Fang Yuan!” Hei Lou Lan almost called out in joy.


 Never before had she felt Fang Yuan’s dragon roar would sound so beautiful.


 The white sword marks were exceptionally conspicuous in the dark sky.


 The sword marks were enlarging rapidly, and like tearing open a mouth, bright light poured inside this enlarging mouth.


 “No——!” That formation expert Gu Immortal let out an unresigned cry.


 At the next moment, the immortal formation that made Hei Lou Lan suffer indescribably shattered loudly.


 Light filled her vision.


 Hei Lou Lan was on guard, her squinting eyes slowly opened up, and after adapting to the light, she saw Fang Yuan standing right beside her.


 And that Southern Border Gu Immortal was being jointly attacked by Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress.


 “I am safe!” Hei Lou Lan immediately let out a breath of relief and relaxed her mind.


 The joy of escaping from death soon faded.


 She, who had an ambitious and ruthless nature, only glanced at Fang Yuan once, before sitting cross-legged on the ground and healing her injuries.


 As far as Hei Lou Lan was concerned, the situation just before was extremely dangerous.


 Her injuries were serious, proving that her life had been hanging by a thread.


 Fang Yuan did not help to heal her, Fang Yuan did not have any presentable healing method other than Man as Before.


 If it were Fang Yuan who was injured, apart from using Man as Before, he could also transform into an ancient desolate beast and rely on the ancient desolate beast’s self recovery ability to heal himself.


 But for Hei Lou Lan, this transformation path method was not feasible.


 The battle soon ended.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress were rank seven experts, and they were jointly attacking a rank seven Gu Immortal, they naturally had the advantage.


 And this rank seven Southern Border Gu Immortal’s main cultivation was formation path. He was best at setting up Gu formations, but close combat was his weakness.


 More importantly, his immortal formation had been destroyed by Fang Yuan, he suffered a backlash, immediately suffering heavy injuries.


 With injuries from both this and the attacks, this rank seven Gu Immortal quickly lost his life.


 This was a rank seven formation path Gu Immortal, they were rather rare, Fang Yuan stored the corpse in his sovereign immortal aperture and did not immediately annex it.


 He called out to the upper extreme heavenly eagle: “Go! We will reinforce Bai Ning Bing.”


 The group of immortals knew the urgency of the situation, with just a slight delay, they could be besieged by a large Southern Border group.


 It was because of this Fang Yuan did not hastily merge this corpse’s immortal aperture into his sovereign immortal aperture, and instead hurried on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 By the time they saw Bai Ning Bing, the battle had ended.


 In all the surroundings, it was a world of ice and snow.


 Bai Ning Bing was in Bai Xiang form, proudly standing on top of a snowy peak. And her opponents – two were dead and one was injured.


 Bai Ning Bing actually won in a one versus three!


 “Bai Xiang, right, this is the killer move Bai Xiang! The killer move that once brought white terror to the whole of Southern Border, who could have thought it would reappear in Bai Ning Bing!”


 The injured Southern Border Gu Immortal was filled with fright, and used all his strength to retreat.


 But when he saw the upper extreme heavenly eagle appearing in the horizon, he almost lost hope.


 However, Fang Yuan did not chase him, instead taking Bai Ning Bing and immediately leaving.


 Right now, they had become fugitives and had to fight for every second, they could not waste their precious time on this rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Since this rank seven Gu Immortal could escape death while his other two allies had already died, he definitely had methods to flee, and it would not be easy to kill him in a short time period.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle changed directions, flying towards Western Desert.


 Bai Ning Bing canceled the killer move Bai Xiang, and immediately collapsed on the eagle’s back.


 She was already spent, the killer move Bai Xiang was abnormally powerful, but it was very taxing on the mind and its consumption of immortal essence was also extremely fast. To Bai Ning Bing, it was an extremely heavy burden.


 If that fleeing Southern Border Gu Immortal had continued to fight, he might have been able to see through Bai Ning Bing’s facade.


 A pity he was frightened badly by Bai Xiang.


 This immortal killer move was terrifying in all aspects, its user could revive from just a small fragment, they were almost an invulnerable white monster.


 Unless someone could break this killer move, or kill Bai Ning Bing instantly without leaving behind even a fragment.


 Bai Ning Bing fell unconscious immediately after canceling the killer move.


 If Fang Yuan and the rest had not come to her rescue, she might have died from mental exhaustion. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had a good knowledge of wisdom path methods and could heal this side-effect.


 When Bai Ning Bing slowly woke up, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had already flown over a hundred thousand li.


 “You actually came to save me?” Bai Ning Bing gazed at Fang Yuan and spoke without any politeness, expressing her astonishment.


 Bai Ning Bing could not be any more clear of Fang Yuan’s nature, and had not even thought of being rescued by Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan was also doubtful of Fang Yuan’s objective, and had previously wondered if Fang Yuan had sacrificed her. Bai Ning Bing thought even further, and was sure Fang Yuan would sacrifice them and escape by himself!


 Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing expressionlessly and said lightly: “The situation is more serious than you imagine. We have all been struck by investigative killer moves. Which is why you were all intercepted by Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals when you were escaping.”


 Although Fang Yuan had perceivable dao Immortal Gu, which could detect dao marks on a Gu Immortal’s body, he was not aware of how many dao marks other Gu Immortals originally had.


 Without this number, even if Fang Yuan inspected the dao marks on Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing and the rest, what use would it have?


 However, from the enemies’ actions, he could clearly see that they had also been struck by similar investigative killer moves.


 “Which Southern Border Gu Immortal was it? Fang Yuan, you are now Shadow Sect’s leader and have inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, even you cannot break it?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 “I already tried.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 He did not have all of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s Immortal Gu, as many of them had been lost in battle. Although he had several good methods to deal with this situation, Fang Yuan could not use them without the respective Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze flickered when she heard this, immediately thinking of Lang Ya Sect!


 Since they did not have enough Immortal Gu, they could refine them, and she knew Fang Yuan’s and Lang Ya Sect’s relationship was extremely close.


 Fang Yuan could use the help of that connection.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had also wanted to do so.


 Not long ago, when he decided to rescue Bai Ning Bing and the rest, he had contacted Sixth Hair.


 However, Sixth Hair did not acknowledge Fang Yuan’s status, he was doubtful of Fang Yuan’s motive and asked Fang Yuan to save Ying Wu Xie. After all, only these two split souls remained of Spectral Soul.


 However, Ying Wu Xie and Lady White Rabbit were both staying in Fairy Miao Yin’s immortal aperture.


 This was one of the reasons why Fang Yuan went back to rescue them.


 Sixth Hair was not willing to cooperate, so Fang Yuan looked for Lang Ya land spirit. What made Fang Yuan happy was that Lang Ya Sect and Lang Ya land spirit were no longer difficult to communicate with like before, he only needed sect contribution points and he could borrow Lang Ya Sect’s strength to refine Gu.


 Fang Yuan handed some contents of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritances, causing his sect contribution points to sharply increase, he exchanged them for the chance of having Lang Ya land spirit personally refine Immortal Gu for him.


 Under Fang Yuan’s request, Lang Ya land spirit used the human isolation style to refine Gu instead of the hairy man heaven and earth style.


 Heaven’s will was observing them, if the land spirit used the hairy man heaven and earth style, he might not be able to refine Gu successfully no matter what because of interference from heaven’s will’s.


 Although Lang Ya Sect had begun refining Gu for Fang Yuan, Gu refinement was a series of processes. Moreover, Immortal Gu were difficult to refine and could not be rapidly created.


 “The situation is even more complex, I suspect Heavenly Court has already collaborated with Southern Border’s righteous path to eliminate us. Heavenly Court is using Southern Border’s righteous path as a tool, but they won’t just watch from the sidelines the whole time. Besides the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, we need to be careful of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals lying in ambush and waiting for a chance to deal with us!” Fang Yuan said in a heavy voice.



***
Chapter 1386 - Wu Yong’s Arrival!


***





 Chapter 1386: Wu Yong’s Arrival!


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Strong winds blew past.


 Below, luxuriant mountains steadily moved towards the rear like an endless herd of elephants.


 Fang Yuan and the group of Gu Immortals, on the back of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, had no mood to enjoy this grand scene of rivers and mountains.


 They were in a perilous situation.


 The entirety of Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals were trying to get them. There might even be lone immortals and demonic cultivators waiting to see if they could reap some benefits.


 They were unable to fight Southern Border’s righteous path, any rank eight Gu Immortal or Immortal Gu House meant enormous trouble and danger to Fang Yuan and the rest.


 However, besides this, the most worrying thing was — Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court had left after taking away the super Gu formation.


 Although Fang Yuan and the rest were not aware, the reason for this was for Duke Long to suppress Spectral Soul’s main body. But even after leaving, Heavenly Court’s influence still remained and their intention to eliminate Fang Yuan and the rest had not disappeared, instead it was getting even more intense.


 Fang Yuan’s speculation was unitedly approved by Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing and the others.


 If they were in Heavenly Court’s position, they would also not let go of Fang Yuan and the group. Aside from leaking information to Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals to make use of them, Heavenly Court would definitely have left some hidden cards to make sure nothing went wrong.


 However, their hidden cards were currently unknown.


 And the unknown creates pressure in people’s minds.


 Heavenly Court’s hidden cards were like an executioner’s blade hanging above everyone’s head, who knew when they would suddenly slash down.


 Even if Fang Yuan and the rest escaped to Western Desert, Heavenly Court’s hidden cards might follow behind them.


 “Heaven’s will can actually infiltrate externally manifested dream realms.”


 “By exploring the dream realms, I was simply exposing my secrets. I was still constantly maintaining Dark Limit and familiar face to disguise myself, thinking I was deceiving heaven’s will.”


 “This was my biggest problem in this battle of the dream realm.”


 Fang Yuan was standing on the eagle’s back, reverse flow protection seal had already been deactivated as maintaining it was very costly. Currently, Fang Yuan was currently using all kinds of investigative methods, including three breaths future vision.


 While inspecting his surroundings, he reflected on himself, finding his mistakes and errors.


 To err is human.


 Making mistakes was a normal thing, even rank nine venerables made many mistakes in their lives. One’s vision was limited, being trapped in their nature, encumbered by their environment and other various reasons made it such that no one could make the best decisions all throughout their lives.


 After making a mistake, realizing the mistake and correcting it was the behavior of an outstanding person!


 If Fang Yuan had known this information earlier, he would absolutely not have casually explored the dream realms.


 Now that he recalled, Fang Yuan found many arrangements of heaven’s will.


 For instance, his gains in the giant dream realm were grandmaster attainment level in water path, formation path and dark path.


 However, what Fang Yuan needed the most was an increase in the attainment level of information path and time path. If his information path attainment level rose, even if he did not have information path Immortal Gu, he could gradually solve his problems. His time path attainment had all along remained at ordinary level, if it rose and was combined with Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan’s battle strength could definitely rise sharply.


 Even if it were not information path or time path, it would be very helpful if his attainment level in sword path, refinement path, luck path or soul path reached grandmaster.


 Especially sword path.


 Fang Yuan currently had several sword path Immortal Gu, and also had Bo Qing’s true inheritance. If his sword path reached grandmaster level, his battle strength would soar madly.


 Unfortunately, none of them appeared.


 “At the latter stage of exploring the dream realm, I only encountered absurd dream realms.”


 “Heaven’s will invaded the dream realms and controlled their rotation, it probably did not want me to progress anymore.”


 “In my memories of the five hundred years of my first life, there was not any mention of dream realms being contaminated by heaven’s will?”


 Maybe this was a secret no one had discovered yet in Fang Yuan’s first life, but even more probable was that when Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, his will was tampered with by heaven’s will so that he forgot this information.


 “I have lost dark limit Immortal Gu.”


 “Right now, the others and I are exposed to heaven’s will. Fortunately, since the upper extreme heavenly eagle is extremely fast, heaven’s will does not have much time to make specific arrangements.’”


 Southern Border righteous path, Heavenly Court and heaven’s will, these three were pursuing, encircling and intercepting as they tried to take Fang Yuan’s life.


 However, Fang Yuan was not panicking.


 He meticulously planned and prepared as to how he could protect his life under this situation.


 In fact, after the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Fang Yuan had been pondering over this matter. He had ample mental preparation.


 Being exposed now was far better than if he were exposed before. Because Fang Yuan had many hidden cards to deal with the situation.


 It depended on how he used them.


 Currently, he was using wisdom path methods, thoughts were emerging and colliding in his mind. He continuously played out various situations, how to resolve them and how to protect himself while expending the least resources.


 “An Immortal Gu House is flying over from the southeast side!” Bai Ning Bing suddenly warned.


 She had inherited Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, her long distance investigative methods were much more suitable for this situation than Fang Yuan’s three breaths future vision.


 Shortly afterwards, Fairy Miao Yin’s expression changed as well: “I also see it, this is Hou clan’s Flying Sand Pavilion!”


 She had a greater understanding of Southern Border’s details, immediately recognizing the Immortal Gu House.


 Fairy Miao Yin immediately added in shock: “They are so fast!”


 Flying Sand Pavilion was one of the fastest Immortal Gu Houses in Southern Border, it was even faster than the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 If Fang Yuan and the rest relied solely on the upper extreme heavenly eagle to escape, Flying Sand Pavilion would catch up to them sooner or later.


 However, Fang Yuan had already planned ahead and expected such a situation, so he had practised the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel with the others. Although it had been disrupted by Chi Qu You’s Gu formation, it was only a small setback. Right now, they had all gathered together and could use this method again.


 Flying Sand Pavilion was rushing between the mountains.


 This was its unique method, it could use earth path dao marks to reduce the immortal essence expenditure and increase its speed.


 Undoubtedly, in Southern Border which was filled with mountains and forests, earth path dao marks were extremely dense, Flying Sand Pavilion was like a fish in water.


 While moving at full speed, Flying Sand Pavilion was like rumbling sand, yellow-brown sand was constantly moving inside, while dust clouds surged on the outside. The Gu Immortals inside were not just from Hou clan, there was also a rank eight Gu Immortal, Shang Wu Jie!


 Shang clan was among the top super forces in Southern Border, it naturally had a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Shang clan’s first supreme elder Shang Wu Jie had all along maintained the tradition of neutrality in Shang clan, and had good relations with all clans.


 If it were Yao clan, Luo clan or even Tie clan, Hou clan Gu Immortals would absolutely not have given them face and invited them into Flying Sand Pavilion.


 “Hmm?” Suddenly, Shang Wu Jie’s expression shifted slightly as Fang Yuan and the rest suddenly disappeared from his perception.


 “They used that ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel?” Shang Wu Jie’s mind jolted, before a map of Southern Border appeared in his mind.


 After combining various information, Shang Wu Jie soon deduced several areas where Fang Yuan and the rest were most likely to appear.


 And these areas all had Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


 “Wu Yong’s plan is not bad.” Shang Wu Jie lightly remarked, but suddenly his brows furrowed.


 He realized that according to this layout, Fang Yuan and the rest would eventually be chased to the north-west of Southern Border.


 And over there, Wu Yong was already lying in wait.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building’s speed could be ranked as number one among the current Southern Border’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 However, Wu Yong had used an Immortal Gu House of Tie clan, Beacon Tower, to travel there.


 This Immortal Gu House was made of Beacon Towers scattered all over Southern Border, and it was by using this mystical Immortal Gu House that Southern Border’s righteous path were able to quickly spread a large net.


 Fang Yuan and the rest were like large fish covered by this net.


 Swoosh!


 Under the sunny sky, four Gu Immortals suddenly appeared.


 They were Fang Yuan and the rest, who had teleported using Omni-directional Travel.


 “This is already the fifth time.”


 “A lot of my dao marks have been consumed.”


 “This is not looking good, the enemy knows our position and has been encircling, pursuing and intercepting us, like they have laid out a large net and are now rapidly tightening it. Should we change our direction and catch them off-guard?”


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were discussing.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “The investigative killer move on us is the root cause, they will catch up to us sooner or later if we don’t remove it. The current plan is to strive for every second and rush out of this net to Western Desert.”


 They could go to Western Desert, Heavenly Court would not be able to easily mobilize Western Desert’s righteous path to hunt Fang Yuan and the rest.


 “Go.” Fang Yuan let out the upper extreme heavenly eagle and ordered it to fly away.


 The true ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel could cross a very large distance. Unfortunately, Ying Wu Xie’s method was not the complete version. And in the series of battles, the core Immortal Gu of Omni-directional Travel were destroyed. What Fang Yuan and the rest were currently using was actually an incomplete Omni-directional Travel.


 This incomplete Omni-directional Travel not only had a shorter teleportation range, even worse was that it spent dao marks of the Gu Immortals.


 “Shadow Sect remnants, where do you think you are going?” After flying for a distance on the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan and the rest suddenly heard Wu Yong’s voice!


 “What?!” Fairy Miao Yin immediately paled.


 “Don’t be afraid, this is just wind whisper Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan snorted and reassured.


 Wind whisper Immortal Gu had an extremely large range, as long as it was activated continuously without caring for immortal essence expenditure, it could theoretically cover the whole of Southern Border.


 But soon, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building appeared in the horizon.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was alarmingly fast!


 Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle was an immemorial desolate beast with first rate flying speed, the distance between Fang Yuan and Wu Yong was rapidly shrinking.


 “Use Omni-directional Travel!” Fang Yuan instantly knew this was bad, although they were still far away, he firmly chose to activate the ancient battle formation.


 Facing a rank eight Gu Immortal, he would not feel safe even if they were farther away.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was stored away. Omni-directional Travel was activated successfully, the four Gu Immortals suddenly disappeared from the spot.


 However, when Fang Yuan and the rest appeared again, their expressions were extremely unsightly.


 “What’s going on? We only teleported such a small distance? It is not even ten percent of the previous distance!”


 Wu Yong’s voice resonated in the immortals’ ears once again: “You are trapped in my air lock, Omni-directional Travel will not work anymore.”


 The voice had just been heard when Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building appeared in the horizon once again.


 The Shadow Sect immortals felt an enormous rock pressing down on them.


 An unprecedented danger was hanging above their heads!


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong, together with rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building!



***
Chapter 1387 - Heavenly Eagle’s Escape


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Air lock?!”


 “When were we hit by this killer move?”


 “I didn’t feel anything at all!!”


 Shadow Sect’s immortals were all taken aback.


 They were not aware when this killer move had struck them. If it were not for the sub-par result of Omni-directional Travel and the facts in front of their eyes, they would have thought Wu Yong was bluffing.


 Never underestimate a rank eight Gu Immortal’s methods.


 Wu Yong did not have high seniority, his seniority was even lower than most other rank eight Gu Immortals in Southern Border.


 But he was well-learned and talented, and having inherited Wu Du Xiu’s legacy, he had plenty of available methods.


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 “How does this killer move, air lock, work?”


 “How long does it last?”


 “How can I find out flaws of this move and target them?”


 His mind was rumbling like the sea as thoughts surged like huge waves. These questions perplexed him, more importantly, he had to resolve them quickly as it concerned his life.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building continued to approach closer, Wu Yong’s laughter could be heard, he clearly would not give Fang Yuan enough time to think.


 The situation was extremely pressing, Fang Yuan needed to make a decision immediately.


 He thought for a moment and immediately sent his order: “All of you enter my immortal aperture!”


 “Why?”


 “You are all too weak, you will just be sending yourselves to death by trying to fight a rank eight Gu Immortal. It is better for you all to enter my immortal aperture and research air lock, try to find a method to restrain it as quickly as possible!” Fang Yuan spoke bluntly, and opened the entrance to his immortal aperture.


 The immortals looked at each other.


 But quickly, Hei Lou Lan was the first to enter. If she did not need to send herself to death, it naturally was a good thing. Hei Lou Lan had been worried Fang Yuan would use the alliance agreement on her to send her to face Wu Yong and sacrifice herself so Fang Yuan could get some time to escape for his life. But unexpectedly, Fang Yuan did not do so.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress hesitated for a moment before following in.


 They had made their accomplishments because of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s true inheritances, and were now Shadow Sect’s members. However, the main reason for them accepting Fang Yuan’s order was because Fang Yuan was Shadow Sect’s leader.


 On the contrary, Bai Ning Bing remained behind.


 She naturally was not concerned about Fang Yuan, instead, her gaze turned towards Wu Yong and carried an expression of eagerness to fight him.


 Bai Ning Bing chased after excitement in life, it was like Fang Yuan chasing after eternal life. This feeling burned like fire and could even be said to be madness.


 “Don’t be foolish, even if you have Bai Xiang form, Wu Yong could easily kill you in an instant.” Fang Yuan’s tone was impatient.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, but still entered the sovereign immortal aperture in the end.


 Fang Yuan quickly closed the entrance, then commanded the upper extreme heavenly eagle to fly quickly.


 Wu Yong’s sigh came from behind: “Fang Yuan, you are also an outstanding genius, you were actually able to hide in my Wu clan for so long under Wu Yi Hai’s disguise. You are truly a daring person who will make great achievements. It is a pity, it would have been great if you really were Wu Yi Hai.”


 Wu Yong’s sigh was sincere, he really cherished talented individuals.


 Fang Yuan was fleeing ahead while Wu Yong was chasing from behind.


 The immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle erupted with an extremely fast speed under such a desperate situation.


 However, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was still faster than it.


 After all, it was a rank eight Immortal Gu House!


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had another huge advantage – Immortal Gu Houses would not get tired.


 As long as there was enough immortal essence, an Immortal Gu House could maintain a stable condition for eternity.


 However, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was different.


 It would get tired and fatigued after flying for a long time.


 However, Fang Yuan did not even consider this point.


 Because, according to the current speed of the two, long before the upper extreme heavenly eagle gets tired, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building would catch up.


 “Who else did you bring, bring them all out!” Fang Yuan turned towards Wu Yong, all kinds of Gu worm auras quickly rose from his body and lingered around him.


 “Relax, I came alone.” Wu Yong smiled as he activated the Immortal Gu House.


 The verdant bamboo leaves on Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building turned into arrows as they shot towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan controlled the upper extreme heavenly eagle to swerve up and down, continuously flying in the air while adeptly dodging the arrows.


 “Not bad. You have a solid foundation in flying. This enslavement path skill is even more amazing.” Wu Yong did not stint on his praise.


 Fang Yuan realized something wrong.


 Light wind was lingering around his body, it could not be detected at first, but it was growing larger now.


 Not only him, even the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s wings were entangled by two lumps of blue wind, greatly affecting its flying speed.


 “Wu Yong’s constant attacks are forcing me to dodge and change directions rapidly. Although the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s speed has not decreased, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building is moving in a straight line.”


 “There is also this air lump on me, it is probably the killer move air lock. It can actually absorb the scattered winds to increase its power!”


 Wu Yong’s attacks were not able to touch Fang Yuan, but had still achieved his objective.


 The distance between the two sides was rapidly shrinking.


 “You still haven’t found a way to break it?” Fang Yuan questioned Shadow Sect members inside his immortal aperture.


 “Difficult!”


 “There is only a little progress.”


 “This is clearly a rank eight killer move, it is no trivial matter.”


 Nothing but words.


 As Fang Yuan inwardly clenched his teeth, he heard Wu Yong’s voice: “You must be thinking of how to break my killer move, right? No harm in telling you, once this move is set up, it cannot be shifted, but its range is quite large and can cover all the surrounding hundred thousand li. It also has a time limit, as of now, it can still last for eight minutes.”


 Wu Yong spoke honestly.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank at this information.


 Wu Yong’s behavior clearly showed his strong self-confidence. He already felt Fang Yuan was in the palm of his hands, unable to escape!


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building continued to attack endlessly, finally catching up.


 Wu Yong gave a slight smile as he lightly flicked his index finger towards Fang Yuan from the second floor window of the bamboo building.


 Immortal killer move — Finger Wind Dragon!


 A crisp sound echoed.


 A dark jade worm flew out of his fingertips.


 The small worm shot at Fang Yuan with an extreme speed.


 While flying, it grew larger as its body expanded to ten feet, fifty feet, a hundred and fifty feet.


 After a few breaths of time, it turned into a vicious wind dragon that was two hundred and twenty feet long, baring its fangs and claws as it fiercely collided against the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was not able to react in time and just as it was about to be struck by the finger wind dragon, Fang Yuan walked forward and actually took the initiative to collide against the finger wind dragon.


 Wu Yong felt astonishment that quickly turned into shock!


 Because after the finger wind dragon collided against Fang Yuan, it actually did no damage, and even more bizarre was that it turned its direction and flew back, lashing at him, its owner!


 Boom!


 There was a huge sound as the finger wind dragon collided against Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 The Immortal Gu House shook intensely, its speed immediately decreasing by more than half.


 And the finger wind dragon had completely crumbled.


 Fang Yuan took the chance to get back on the upper extreme heavenly eagle and pull apart a large distance.


 Wu Yong saw Fang Yuan wearing a long robe, with a sash floating in the wind, while giving off an ethereal and majestic aura. Wu Yong’s astonishment immediately reached an extreme level.


 “This killer move, could it be?!” Wu Yong blurted out.


 Although he had not personally taken part in the battle of Reverse Flow River in Northern Plains, the information of this battle as well as Liu Guan Yi’s name had become famous in the five regions.


 Wu Yong recognized this killer move, it was reverse flow protection seal!


 This meant he now knew the secret that Fang Yuan was Liu Guan Yi and Liu Guan Yi was Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan saw Wu Yong’s surprise and inwardly thought: “It seems Heavenly Court did not inform Wu Yong of my Liu Guan Yi identity. Or maybe Heavenly Court was still not aware of it?”


 Fang Yuan felt a slight pity, his Liu Guan Yi identity was exposed now and could no longer be used, this would affect his connections in Northern Plains.


 However, there was nothing he could have done about this!


 Facing a rank eight great expert, Fang Yuan could only maintain his footing by using reverse flow protection seal. If he used other methods, he would be easily killed by Wu Yong.


 Although Wu Yong suffered a setback, his gaze towards Fang Yuan became incomparably fiery.


 Fang Yuan not only was Wu Yi Hai with Shadow Sect as his background, he also possessed Reverse Flow River and reverse flow protection seal. As long as he was captured, his accumulations and wealth could absolutely elevate Wu clan’s strength to a whole new level.


 This enormous profit moved Wu Yong.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan was also the greatest humiliation to Wu clan over these years.


 “Good, all my plans in mobilizing the entire righteous path to create this situation where I could fight you alone were not a waste.” Wu Yong mumbled while controlling the Immortal Gu House to bombard at Fang Yuan and give chase.


 The effect of air lock on Fang Yuan had been reflected back to Wu Yong. But the upper extreme heavenly eagle was still plagued by it, while Wu Yong was inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and was simply not affected.


 At this moment, Wu Yong controlled the Immortal Gu House to collide against the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh as he moved forward to block the Immortal Gu House.


 Wu Yong chuckled, and flew out of the Immortal Gu House to face Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building targeted the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Although Wu Yong was not inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he had left his will behind along with large amounts of immortal essence.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle quickly fell into a disadvantage against Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was even worse, he thoroughly experienced the power of a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 He was only able to react passively against Wu Yong’s attacks and had no way to fight back.


 After ten or so rounds, Wu Yong thoroughly experienced Fang Yuan’s powerful defense. He got a headache dealing with reverse flow protection seal, as any attacks at Fang Yuan would only be reflected back, even punching and kicking.


 Wu Yong’s gaze then landed on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 This immemorial desolate beast was the critical point of this battle.


 Realizing this, Wu Yong split some attention to firmly suppress Fang Yuan, then used his immortal killer move to bombard the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle wailed in pain, it had an astonishing speed but how could its master let it easily escape when he himself was trapped here?


 But an immemorial desolate beast had a tough physique, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was still alive and healthy even after taking on Wu Yong’s attacks.


 “Not good!” But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed.


 Facing a powerful enemy, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s original will had been gradually taking control and was trying to flee for its life. Right at this moment, this will reached a qualitative change and broke free from the restraints of Fang Yuan’s hundred and eighty slaves, it immediately shook its wings and escaped.


 Fang Yuan was thrown aside, and now had to face Wu Yong and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building by himself.


 “You still haven’t made any progress?!” Fang Yuan called in an urgent tone towards the Shadow Sect immortals inside his immortal aperture.


 “How can we have any results in such a short time!” Bai Ning Bing and the rest were also in low spirits.


 Wu Yong charged forward: “With me here, don’t even think of letting them out and using Omni-directional Travel.”


 Sure enough, in the following battle, he gave Fang Yuan no chance.


 After several more rounds, Wu Yong suddenly spread his arms, activating an immortal killer move which he had been preparing for a long time.


 Fang Yuan’s vision suddenly changed, he was trapped in a strange battlefield and was unable to escape.


 “If you give yourself up and offer all your cultivation accumulations, I can still spare your life, Fang Yuan.” Wu Yong gave his ultimatum.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was ashen.


 This was truly a hopeless situation!


 His only hope now was for Bai Ning Bing and the rest to be able to find an opportunity to use Omni-directional Travel and escape this battlefield.


 But, just as Wu Yong was about to make a move, his expression changed slightly as he looked at a certain direction: “Who is it? Come out!”


 A sigh was heard, following which, a Gu Immortal who was brimming with Central Continent aura appeared.


 Both Fang Yuan and Wu Yong were surprised at the sight of this person.


 “You are... Feng Jiu Ge?!”



***
Chapter 1388 - This is Feng Jiu Ge!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A middle-aged Gu Immortal appeared in front of Fang Yuan and Wu Yong.


 This person was dressed in a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword. His eyebrows were sharp like swords, mysterious light was flashing in his eyes, a gentle smile was on his face, and there was an elegant and invincible aura in him.


 But at this moment, his expression carried a trace of melancholy.


 He was a Central Continent Gu Immortal whose name was spread throughout the five regions, a pillar of Spirit Affinity House, a sound path rank seven who could battle rank eight, he was Feng Jiu Ge!


 Why was he here?


 Wu Yong and Fang Yuan were surprised and astonished.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s appearance and achievements had long spread throughout the five regions. Thus, although Wu Yong was seeing Feng Jiu Ge for the first time, he quickly recognized him.


 After all, a rank seven Gu Immortal who could fight rank eight was a peerless genius that was rarely seen even once in a thousand years!


 Were it not for Fang Yuan’s other identity, Liu Guan Yi, Feng Jiu Ge would probably still be the only one to hold this achievement.


 Wu Yong quickly restrained his surprise and sneered at Feng Jiu Ge: “A Central Continent Gu Immortal actually dares to appear in front of me. Good, good!”


 In the battle of the dream realm, Heavenly Court reaped the most benefits, taking away many Immortal Gu from Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Right now, Feng Jiu Ge was being implicated by this matter and provoked Wu Yong’s hostility.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze also focused on Feng Jiu Ge.


 This was not his first time seeing Feng Jiu Ge.


 In his first life of five hundred years, Feng Jiu Ge’s appearance had already been imprinted in the depths of his heart. The radiance Feng Jiu Ge emitted in the five regions chaotic war had even surpassed ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals. Unfortunately, he died in Lang Ya blessed land.


 His death had led to a great disturbance, shaking Central Continent while the other four regions danced in joy.


 Even after being reborn, Fang Yuan had seen Feng Jiu Ge as well.


 It was in that strange space inside the Thieving Heaven true inheritance in Luo Po Valley. Under some strange combination of coincidences, Fang Yuan had saved Feng Jiu Ge.


 Originally, he would have perished inside the Thieving Heaven true inheritance’s strange space because of Qin Bai Sheng’s suicidal attack. But it all changed after Fang Yuan’s rebirth.


 Although Fang Yuan had done it completely unintentionally, he was indeed Feng Jiu Ge’s savior.


 But so what if he saved Feng Jiu Ge’s life?


 In this world, how many times had kindness been reciprocated with ingratitude?


 Fang Yuan fixed his gaze on Feng Jiu Ge, he did not dare to relax as he shouted coldly: “Feng Jiu Ge, you are the person Heavenly Court arranged to ambush me?”


 Feng Jiu Ge glanced at Wu Yong before fixing his gaze at Fang Yuan.


 Seeing Fang Yuan again, moreover in such a situation, made Feng Jiu Ge sigh inwardly.


 Fang Yuan’s progress was too fast!


 The first time Feng Jiu Ge knew of Fang Yuan, the latter had seized Feng Jin Huang’s opportunity and became the new owner of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Because of his daughter, Feng Jiu Ge knew of Fang Yuan’s name.


 But he was not even in the least bit concerned.


 The reason?


 Because back then, Fang Yuan was only a mere mortal. The difference between an immortal and a mortal was like the difference between heaven and earth, the difference between cloud and mud, they were not even at the same level. It could even be said to be the mortal Fang Yuan’s greatest glory for being able to attract a trace of attention from the grand Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge.


 However, the development of later events went far beyond Feng Jiu Ge’s expectations.


 Fang Yuan continued to be involved in major events, repeatedly bringing calamity to the world. His identity was exposed, an otherworldly demon who was the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada, inheritor of Giant Sun’s true inheritance and so on, the whole world was shocked. Especially when Fang Yuan’s progress was extremely fast, he rapidly ascended from a mortal to an immortal, and then to an expert among Gu Immortals, everything happened in a flash.


 Many Gu Immortals could not have such accomplishments even after putting in effort for countless years.


 But Fang Yuan seemed to have easily achieved this.


 The first time they truly met, Feng Jiu Ge was actually saved by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smoothly inherited one of the Thieving Heaven true inheritances – ghostly concealment, then in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan played a huge role.


 “I did not expect Liu Guan Yi to be Fang Yuan. The great era is coming, heroes and experts are emerging, and Fang Yuan is currently the one who is shining the brightest.” Feng Jiu Ge sized up Fang Yuan while thinking to himself.


 At the same time, he had a wry smile on his face: “I hurried over from Central Continent to pursue an Immortal Gu that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had once used, but unintentionally ran into this matter.”


 “Is he saying he is not the person arranged by Heavenly Court?” Fang Yuan frowned.


 Based on Feng Jiu Ge’s nature and way of doing things, he would not deceive Fang Yuan at such a juncture.


 Wu Yong, however, sneered in disbelief: “Who could have thought Feng Jiu Ge to have a hypocritical side as well. When I activated the battlefield killer move, you could have easily left if you did not want to participate in this matter.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “Right. I entered of my own accord, it is because I owe my life to Fang Yuan. It would not matter if I had not come across this, but since I ran across this matter, I have to help him.”


 “What?” Wu Yong was astonished.


 Fang Yuan was also dumbstruck.


 Wu Yong asked back in an incredulous tone: “I didn’t hear wrongly? You owe him your life, so you want to help him? Hahaha.”


 Wu Yong started laughing.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, a person from the ten great ancient sects, everyone believed he would definitely become a member of Heavenly Court in the future.


 He was actually going to save Fang Yuan?


 Who was Fang Yuan? An otherworldly demon, a demon listed at the top of the Demon Judgment Board.


 Feng Jiu Ge actually wanted to save him?


 This was simply a huge joke.


 Wu Yong laughed, but not only him, even the smile on Feng Jiu Ge’s lips started becoming bigger.


 As Wu Yong looked at Feng Jiu Ge’s smile, his laughter gradually stopped, slowly replaced by solemness.


 He knew.


 Feng Jiu Ge was serious!


 This person was simply a lunatic!


 A righteous path Gu Immortal wanted to help a demon.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not just an ordinary righteous path Gu Immortal, he was a huge star of the righteous path, despite having only rank seven cultivation, he was treated as a quasi-rank eight expert by the world. His reputation in Central Continent and in the five regions was extremely huge.


 And Fang Yuan was similarly not an ordinary demonic character. Over these last years, he held the biggest spotlight in the whole world! He was a complete otherworldly demon, possessing Spring Autumn Cicada, Reverse Flow River... Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance... In Central Continent, he had seized Hu Immortal blessed land under the noses of the ten great ancient sects. In Northern Plains, he had destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he then went to Southern Border and thwarted Spectral Soul’s heaven-defying plan, and seized the fruits of victory. And recently, he had successfully infiltrated Wu clan, and after the battle of the dream realm, he became the leader of Shadow Sect!


 Feng Jiu Ge wanted to help a person like Fang Yuan?


 Wu Yong was a righteous path Gu Immortal, he tried putting himself in Feng Jiu Ge’s shoes, even if Fang Yuan saved his life, how much pressure would he face if he helped Fang Yuan?!


 This pressure did not only come from his faction, it came from his family, his sect, Heavenly Court and even all the Gu Immortals in the world.


 “No! Feng Jiu Ge is different from me. He is not born of the righteous path, and was once a demonic path Gu Immortal.” Wu Yong suddenly recalled.


 “Demons are truly insane, they cannot be reasoned with!” Wu Yong raged inwardly.


 Fang Yuan thought of Feng Jiu Ge’s past.


 Feng Jiu Ge had been an unremarkable secluded cultivator with no fame in his early years.


 He cultivated sound path and committed to it his entire life.


 One time, he sang loudly in a nameless valley, which attracted two other Gu Immortals to sing in chorus.


 Back then, it was night time with the moon hanging high and light wind blowing gently, causing ripples in a glittering lake in the valley.


 As the three Gu Immortals sang in harmony, time flew by rapidly, and they had sung till dawn.


 The three stopped singing and started laughing. They did not greet each other, but left full of joy.


 Only after a few years did Feng Jiu Ge learn of these two’s names and origins. At that time, there was news in Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world that these two were demonic Gu Immortals who had seized a rank seven Immortal Gu from Black Heaven Temple, and were hunted down by the allied forces of the ten great ancient sects.


 Feng Jiu Ge immediately set off to help them.


 Those two Gu Immortals were at a dead end, opposed by the masses, so when they saw Feng Jiu Ge coming to aid them, they were both moved and surprised, asking Feng Jiu Ge why he did this.


 Feng Jiu Ge had replied: “A few years back, we sang together, I sang about the bright moon, while you sang about the verdant mountain and a white lake. The clear moon and gentle breeze showed your human hearts. How could those capable of singing such a song be petty people who covet others’ Immortal Gu? I trust you two.”


 The two were so touched their tears started flowing down.


 One of them spoke: “You... understand us. We had inherited this rank seven Immortal Gu from a true inheritance, but how could we have imagined Black Heaven Temple to falsely accuse us. Black Heaven Temple is one of the ten great ancient sects, whatever it says, others believe them.”


 The other persuaded Feng Jiu Ge: “We have only sang one song together, we are complete strangers. The two of us are in great danger and have no hope left. It is still not too late for you to leave.”


 Feng Jiu Ge, however, shook his head and insisted on helping them.


 The two immortals said worriedly: “If you do not leave, you will also be branded as a demon.”


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed: “Neither demonic nor righteous, there is only Feng Jiu Ge in this world. To leave or to stay, I decide my own life and death.”


 The two immortals were moved, and teared up in admiration.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s poems were not famous back then. But as he repeatedly forced back Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortals and was victorious time and again, the matter soon got out of hand.


 When the other nine ancient sects heard of the matter, they expressed support for Black Heaven Temple and created the huge pressure of public opinion.


 As a result, Feng Jiu Ge proclaimed that he would challenge Central Continent’s champions as he traveled the world.


 The ten sects sent their experts to challenge Feng Jiu Ge in single battles, but were all defeated.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not afraid, fighting as he continuously traveled a huge distance, suddenly changing his tactic and going for the enemy headquarters, causing the ten sects to lose miserably. The scene was total chaos and there was nothing anyone could do.


 Finally, Spirit Affinity House made their move, the fairy of that generation, Fairy Bai Qing, moved Feng Jiu Ge with love and turned him into a member of Spirit Affinity House.


 Back then, Feng Jiu Ge could put himself on the line to save two complete strangers who had only sung a song with him, becoming labeled as a demon as a result.


 Now, why would Feng Jiu Ge not help the demon Fang Yuan?


 Especially when Fang Yuan had saved his life!


 Feng Jiu Ge was still the same person be it in the past or present.


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized the meaning behind Feng Jiu Ge’s earlier sigh.


 Feng Jiu Ge had already wanted to help Fang Yuan, but he thought of his wife and daughter as well as his situation. He was probably intending to help secretly.


 But unfortunately, his presence was sensed by Wu Yong.


 Feng Jiu Ge had to make a choice after that.


 And just like what he did back then.


 He made a similar choice.


 Neither demonic nor righteous, there is only Feng Jiu Ge in this world.


 To leave or to stay, I decide my own life and death.


 Demonic path or righteous path, these two factions and identities could not restrain Feng Jiu Ge!


 To leave or to stay, as far as Feng Jiu Ge was concerned, if he left, his heart would not be free, only by remaining would his heart be at ease.


 His actions simply came from his inner heart.


 I am always me.


 I am Feng Jiu Ge.


 For all eternity!



***
Chapter 1389 - Fang and Feng Versus Wu Yong


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hahaha.” Wu Yong suddenly started laughing loudly.


 His laughter was filled with anger.


 He was obviously angry at Feng Jiu Ge for wanting to help Fang Yuan.


 “Good.”


 “Good.”


 “Both of you are only rank seven Gu Immortals, but have rank eight battle strength.”


 “Let me experience what level of strength you two have!”


 A rank eight Gu Immortal’s pride and confidence made the killing intent inside Wu Yong flourish and intensify.


 He was absolutely confident of his victory.


 So what if it was one against two?


 He, Wu Yong, was a rank eight Gu Immortal, while his opponents were only rank seven.


 How could the gulf between rank seven and rank eight be so easy to bridge?


 Let alone when he had an Immortal Gu House with him.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building — a rank eight Immortal Gu House!


 A rank eight Gu Immortal with a rank eight Immortal Gu House, how could he lose?


 Wu Yong could not think of any way he would lose.


 The battle started again, the atmosphere immediately tensed.


 Feng Jiu Ge slowly moved towards Wu Yong, while saying to Fang Yuan without turning his head: “You once saved my life, now I am saving yours. The favor has been repaid, you should leave, whether you can break through and get out of here alive will depend on yourself.”


 Fang Yuan was surprised.


 By the looks of it, Feng Jiu Ge was not going to fight together with him, and was instead going to fight Wu Yong by himself!


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan immediately retreated to a corner.


 Who was he?


 How could he forgo such a chance?


 Seeing that Feng Jiu Ge was facing him alone, Wu Yong felt a trace of admiration inwardly and spoke: “Alright, let me experience the power of the famous Central Continent genius.”


 He then stored the Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building back into his immortal aperture.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was his trump card.


 It was constructed with multiple rank eight Immortal Gu, naturally it consumed an enormous amount of immortal essence. Wu Yong had already activated it for a long time to set up the situation and chase Fang Yuan.


 Now, Wu Yong stored it.


 It was like a sheathed divine sword, the enemy would never know when Wu Yong would activate this trump card, and would always feel apprehension and pressure.


 At the same time, this also showed Wu Yong’s self-confidence and pride.


 He wanted to fight Feng Jiu Ge fairly.


 Battle intent soared as both sides readied themselves!


 Fierce wind suddenly blew around Wu Yong before subsiding rapidly.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Fang Yuan both watched with focused gazes.


 This was a sign of Wu Yong activating his immortal killer move.


 It was extremely fast!


 Moreover, the aura before activation had been concealed to an extreme degree, be it Feng Jiu Ge or Fang Yuan, both were unable to sense it.


 Feng Jiu Ge quickly retreated, cautiously pulling apart some distance from Wu Yong.


 How could he dare to be conceited against a rank eight Gu Immortal?


 Especially against an immortal killer move which was completely unknown, facing it head-on was absolutely reckless.


 The fierce wind subsided turning into gentle breeze which then rotated endlessly, transforming into enormous figures in a blink of an eye.


 They were shaped like humans, but were tall like elephants, with bulging muscles like piles of stones. Their whole bodies were bluish-black, sharp fangs protruded out of their mouths, and they had a pair of thick monstrous arms that drooped down to their feet. Their eyes were completely black, and green hair grew all over their bodies.


 Immortal killer move — Soft Vajra Wind Chief!


 Wu Yong created six wind chiefs at once.


 Some of the wind chiefs were shouting, producing loud wheezing noises, while some screamed with an almost ear-piercing pitch.


 They divided into two groups with each group having three wind chiefs, one group charged at Feng Jiu Ge while the other chased after Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jiu Ge wanted to fight Wu Yong, while Wu Yong had his own pride and wanted to deal with both Feng Jiu Ge and Fang Yuan together.


 A light flashed in Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes when he saw the killer move’s form. Instead of retreating further, he unleashed his long range palm attacks.


 Ding — Ding — Ding!


 Each of his palm strikes produced a resonant sound.


 The sound waves vibrated and spread, striking the six soft vajra wind chiefs one after the other.


 The soft vajra wind chiefs had an imposing momentum earlier, but they were completely stopped by this immortal killer move of Feng Jiu Ge. They were even sent back and looked like they were unable to resist the attack!


 Both Fang Yuan’s and Wu Yong’s pupils shrunk at such a sight.


 They were both shocked!


 Feng Jiu Ge only had rank seven cultivation level, but the power of his immortal killer move did not lose to Wu Yong’s.


 Whether it be Fang Yuan or Wu Yong, they could both see that this was because of the extremely abundant amount of sound path dao marks on Feng Jiu Ge’s body.


 His sound path dao mark accumulation was so immense that it was actually on par with Wu Yong!


 How did he cultivate to this extent?!


 Fang Yuan was endlessly astonished as he observed the battle from afar.


 The reason he could fight with rank eights was because of reverse flow protection seal. But Feng Jiu Ge was able to fight rank eights because he possessed an extremely deep sound path foundation.


 When these two were compared, Fang Yuan was naturally inferior to Feng Jiu Ge.


 “How did he cultivate? Having such a foundation, it is no wonder he was able to fight against Central Continent’s ten ancient sects back then, and has the confidence to fight Wu Yong!”


 “Does he truly have this foundation or is it some temporary method that can only last for a short time?”


 Fang Yuan began to ponder.


 Naturally, his main attention was still on Wu Yong’s immortal battlefield killer move as well as analyzing and deducing the killer move air lock.


 At the same time, the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals inside his immortal aperture were also doing their best at this.


 Crack crack crack!


 Wu Yong saw that the soft vajra wind chiefs were ineffective, and activated another killer move.


 He grasped a thin and long wind whip in his hand and continuously lashed it at Feng Jiu Ge.


 The wind whip seemed to have no end to it and could also be immediately contracted. Every lash could break the air and produce a crisp explosion.


 Feng Jiu Ge showed no weaknesses, his left hand sent palm strikes against the soft vajra wind chiefs, while his right hand clenched into a fist and dealt against the wind whip.


 His left palm struck the air, every strike bringing with it a long and resonant bell sound.


 His right fist pummeled in front of him, every fist producing a rumbling explosion like striking a war drum.


 Dang dang dang...


 Bam bam bam...


 For a moment, Feng Jiu Ge was actually equally matched against Wu Yong.


 Even Fang Yuan was almost dazed.


 The main reason was because Feng Jiu Ge’s dao marks accumulation did not lose to the rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong.


 How did he cultivate to the point where he was able to go against the common sense of Gu Immortal world!


 The biggest difference between a rank eight and a rank seven was the amount of dao marks.


 An earthly calamity could, on average, give two hundred and fifty dao marks (250) to a Gu Immortal.


 A heavenly tribulation was seven hundred and fifty (750).


 A grand tribulation was seven thousand two hundred and fifty (7250).


 A myriad tribulation was eighty-six thousand seven hundred and fifty (86750) dao marks.


 The difference between the dao marks of a rank seven Gu Immortal and a rank eight was extremely huge. While the difference between a rank nine Gu Immortal and a rank eight was like heaven and earth.


 This was one of the main reasons why rank nine was invincible, and rank eight Gu Immortals could crush rank sevens.


 As Gu Immortals advanced further, the amount of dao marks they gained would increase explosively.


 Even though everyone knew this, it was simply too difficult to do anything about it.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal themselves signified higher quantity and quality of tribulations than rank seven.


 Hence, it was almost impossible for a Gu Immortal at rank seven cultivation to possess a rank eight Gu Immortal’s dao mark accumulation. If not for this, there would have been abundant examples of rank seven fighting rank eight in the Gu Immortal world.


 However, Feng Jiu Ge was able to achieve this.


 “If this is his temporary power-up method which increases his dao marks, it would be slightly easier to accept. But if he actually has such a dao mark accumulation, that is too terrifying!” Fang Yuan thought to himself while observing the battle.


 Wu Yong did not get angry at Feng Jiu Ge being able to fight him equally, instead his expression became more calm.


 “Good.”


 “Truly worthy of Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “Well then, how about this move?”


 Wu Yong pointed his finger.


 His fingertip aimed at Feng Jiu Ge.


 A crisp sound echoed.


 A dark jade worm flew out of his fingertip.


 The small worm shot at Feng Jiu Ge with an extreme speed.


 While flying, it grew larger as its body expanded to ten feet, fifty feet, a hundred and fifty feet.


 After a few breaths of time, it turned into a vicious wind dragon that was two hundred and twenty feet tall, baring its fangs and claws as it showed a ferocious imposingness, as if it was going to swallow Feng Jiu Ge.


 It was Wu Yong’s specialty immortal killer move — Finger Wind Dragon!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk slightly, and he immediately retreated back!


 Finger wind dragon was extremely powerful, Feng Jiu Ge could not face it head-on, hence he retreated to create some distance and attack from afar.


 It could not be helped.


 Wu Yong’s finger wind dragon killer move had rank eight Immortal Gu as its core.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s dao mark accumulation was similar to Wu Yong’s. But he did not have any rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Wu Yong’s rank eight killer move, finger wind dragon, was extremely powerful, Feng Jiu Ge could not face it with his killer moves that used rank seven Immortal Gu as their cores.


 Or, he could use quantity to make up for the quality.


 Feng Jiu Ge had this idea.


 He retreated while sending out endless punches and palm strikes, using rank seven killer moves as he weakened the finger wind dragon until it completely dissipated.


 But this undoubtedly was an intense burden on Feng Jiu Ge’s rank seven red date immortal essence!


 On the other hand, Wu Yong’s immortal essence was something only rank eight Gu Immortals had – white litchi immortal essence.


 Feng Jiu Ge was far inferior to Wu Yong in this aspect.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were stronger than rank seven, not only in dao marks, but also their other aspects that were of qualitative difference, immortal essence was only one of them.


 Just by using one finger wind dragon, Wu Yong had immediately broken the stalemate, suppressing Feng Jiu Ge.


 “This killer move is dangerous. I can sense the violent strength hiding inside it, I must not let it get close to me!”


 Feng Jiu Ge had an extraordinary perception.


 Wu Yong had indeed stacked another move on top of this move, it was chaotic shooting blades.


 Once this move was activated, the finger wind dragon would self-detonate, turning into countless jade wind blades which would shoot everywhere. The power was terrifying and had shown its might in the purple blood river formation.


 Although it was the first time Feng Jiu Ge saw the finger wind dragon, with his plentiful battle experience, he intuitively sensed this follow up of Wu Yong.


 This discovery let Feng Jiu Ge avoid danger, but he became even more passive.


 He could only retreat while weakening the finger wind dragon with long range attacks.


 This gave Wu Yong enough opportunity and time to prepare a new immortal killer move.


 This was very dangerous.


 Feng Jiu Ge also knew this, but unfortunately, finger wind dragon was extremely fast and gave him huge pressure, adding on the six soft vajra wind chiefs, Feng Jiu Ge was unable to interrupt Wu Yong.


 “This is troublesome!” Feng Jiu Ge’s brows began to furrow.


 At this rate, the situation would become increasingly disadvantageous for him.


 Once Wu Yong activated another immortal killer move, it would definitely make Feng Jiu Ge’s situation even more unbearable.


 However, right at this time, a figure suddenly joined the battlefield!


 Boom!


 The finger wind dragon directly collided against Fang Yuan’s body.


 Then, it was reflected back by reverse flow protection seal.


 The finger wind dragon which had troubled Feng Jiu Ge for some time was sent flying back to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong, who was preparing a new killer move, immediately frowned deeply!


 “Reverse flow protection seal is truly amazing!” It was Feng Jiu Ge’s turn to look at Fang Yuan in a new light.



***
Chapter 1390 - Four Clear Transforming Winds


***





 Chapter 1390: Four Clear Transforming Winds


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Reverse flow protection seal immediately showed extraordinary effect.


 The finger wind dragon was reflected at Wu Yong, but right at this moment, Wu Yong gave a firm shout, his whole body erupting with a powerful aura.


 The immortal killer move he had been preparing, was finally activated.


 Yin wind ghost sickle hand!


 He stretched out his right arm and grabbed towards the finger wind dragon.


 Almost instantly, with no prior indication, an enormous ghost hand suddenly appeared on the finger wind dragon’s body.


 The ghost hand formed completely by yin wind, it was extremely large, grabbing the finger wind dragon like grabbing an earthworm.


 The ghost hand was pitch black and had long sharp claws that were like five sickles. At this moment, as it grabbed down, it looked like it had the power to slaughter immortals!


 The finger wind dragon gave a miserable cry and struggled fiercely. Several breaths later, it completely broke apart, turning into gusts of wind which soon dissipated.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression turned solemn.


 Finger wind dragon was undoubtedly a rank eight killer move, but Wu Yong’s yin wind ghost sickle hand clearly appeared to be much more powerful!


 If this hand had grabbed Feng Jiu Ge, the consequences were too miserable to imagine.


 If Fang Yuan had not interfered at the crucial moment, Feng Jiu Ge would still be being chased by the finger wind dragon and would also have to face yin wind ghost sickle hand, his situation would have been extremely precarious!


 Wu Yong’s expression was similarly unsightly.


 He had been preparing yin wind ghost sickle hand for a long while, and had thought of defeating Feng Jiu Ge with this.


 But with Fang Yuan’s interference, he had no choice but to change the target to finger wind dragon, wasting this great killer move.


 In fact, yin wind ghost sickle hand had a subsequent transformation as well, it was called yin wind rope and its ability was to capture Gu Immortals.


 After all, Feng Jiu Ge was from Central Continent, Wu Yong had spent such a large amount of effort and immortal essence to prepare yin wind ghost sickle hand so as to capture Feng Jiu Ge alive.


 If he achieved his goal, he would have gained huge benefits.


 Firstly, if Wu Yong captured a person like Feng Jiu Ge alive, it would be a huge boost to his own fame and would have a huge influence on Southern Border’s righteous path as well.


 Secondly, just capturing Feng Jiu Ge and not killing him would mean they would not have to fall out with Central Continent and Heavenly Court.


 Finally, after capturing Feng Jiu Ge, Wu Yong could not only extort him, he could also blackmail Spirit Affinity House and even Heavenly Court.


 If he could make Heavenly Court compromise and hand over those Immortal Gu they took from the super Gu formation, even if it was just a portion of them, Wu Yong’s prestige in the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world would definitely rise to unprecedented heights!


 It could even directly stabilize Wu clan as the number one force of the righteous path in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world!


 But now, Fang Yuan had disrupted his plan.


 “These two guys...”


 “If I use ordinary rank seven killer moves, Feng Jiu Ge could easily resist them and even counterattack.”


 “If I use rank eight killer moves, although I would be able to force back Feng Jiu Ge and suppress him, I would have to go through Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal. If the killer move is reflected, I would be the one to suffer losses.”


 Wu Yong’s eyelids twitched slightly at his present situation.


 It was problematic.


 He felt a little troubled.


 If he was just facing Fang Yuan, Wu Yong could completely treat him like a sandbag and have full initiative. If he was facing just Feng Jiu Ge, he could also forcefully suppress the latter.


 But if he was to face both of them...


 Wu Yong was troubled.


 “There is not much hope in breaking reverse flow protection seal in a short period of time. This is the first time I am witnessing this move and I am also not a wisdom path Gu Immortal.”


 “Maybe Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven have already researched and made countermeasures against reverse flow protection seal.”


 “But the only way now is to continue attacking them until they are unable to cope with the attacks, then find an opportunity to kill them.”


 If there was no opportunity in battle, he would create it himself.


 Thinking of this, Wu Yong suddenly concealed himself, disappearing from Fang Yuan’s and Feng Jiu Ge’s sights.


 “He disappeared, where is he?” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jiu Ge.


 Wu Yong was taking a step back for the sake of advancing further, Fang Yuan’s investigative methods were no good and was simply unable to sense Wu Yong’s location.


 Feng Jiu Ge also shook his head: “He seems to be using this battlefield to hide himself.”


 He could only detect some vague details.


 Feng Jiu Ge had just finished speaking, when there was a sudden change in the whole battlefield!


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh...


 Fierce wind rose from nowhere, making whizzing noises as it moved around the battlefield like formless pythons.


 Then, wind blades formed out of the wind.


 Each wind blade carried the piercing power of a rank eight killer move, they maneuvered around in the air and charged towards Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge.


 “Good.” Fang Yuan was happy instead of startled, his robe fluttered behind as he charged ahead.


 The wind blades, however, nimbly passed around him and shot towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 Wu Yong wanted to get rid of Feng Jiu Ge first before he dealt with Fang Yuan.


 This choice was extremely wise.


 Because only Feng Jiu Ge had the ability to counterattack. Once he was dead or captured, what could Fang Yuan do with just reverse flow protection seal?


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled brightly at this: “Interesting, I am being treated as a pushover.”


 His tone was not furious, instead it had some joy and curiosity.


 He had never experienced such a feeling.


 Feng Jiu Ge sent out punches and palm strikes, destroying the wind blades.


 But after being destroyed, the wind blades turned into gusts of fierce wind which whizzed around before condensing into new wind blades.


 The wind blades shot forward continuously and with an increasing amount.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not dare to let these wind blades touch him, but despite destroying them as early as possible, he was now in a passive situation.


 Fang Yuan quickly rushed forward to help.


 This time, Fang Yuan lingered beside Feng Jiu Ge.


 Many wind blades struck Fang Yuan, but were immediately reflected back.


 However, they did not shoot back at Wu Yong, instead striking back at this battlefield.


 Although Wu Yong was the controller, he had manipulated the immortal battlefield killer move to send out the attacks. Hence, he was not the direct attacker.


 Wu Yong became the mastermind manipulator, while Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal could only reflect the attack to the attacker, as such, the wind blades could only target this battlefield.


 Wu Yong, who was hiding in a corner, was inwardly joyous when he saw this, and put in even more strength into the battlefield killer move.


 Fang Yuan was passively defending, his frown getting deeper as time passed.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s situation had already turned for the better with Fang Yuan’s protection. He thought for a moment before transmitting his voice to Fang Yuan: “Protect me while I prepare a move to destroy this battlefield.”


 Fang Yuan was stunned, before quickly agreeing.


 Previously, he had already deduced it would be difficult to break this battlefield killer move. It was very difficult to see any effects based on his strength and attainment. On the other hand, it was better to wait for air lock to dissipate and use Omni-directional Travel with Bai Ning Bing and the rest to leave this battlefield.


 So he needed to stall for time to the greatest extent possible.


 If he let Feng Jiu Ge fight with Wu Yong alone, Wu Yong would soon gain the upper hand and suppress Feng Jiu Ge, even getting rid of him, and then be free to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jiu Ge might have rank eight battle strength, but he was still rank seven after all.


 Hence, Fang Yuan came to help.


 Feng Jiu Ge began to prepare his killer move, he did not resist, leaving his defense to Fang Yuan.


 Such trust made Fang Yuan feel a little uncertain.


 Seeing this, Wu Yong hastened the battlefield killer move even more.


 The wind blades were unable to do anything to Fang and Feng. Another change occurred in the battlefield, crackling of thunder could be heard.


 This thunder was extremely peculiar.


 Normal thunder sounded like an explosion or rumbling.


 This thunder, however, sounded bright and sharp, like knocking a gourd on a large hundred year old bamboo flute.


 Several breaths later, lightning bolts flickered as they struck down at Fang and Feng.


 “Careful, this is clear jade lightning.” Feng Jiu Ge warned.


 Clear jade lightning emitted dazzling blue light, it was extremely fast and emitted such glaring light that Fang Yuan had to close his eyes.


 He quickly activated his transformation method to change his eyes to dragon eyes, only then was he able to resist the dazzling lightning.


 Fang Yuan was actively maintaining reverse flow protection seal, which took almost all of his attention, so he was not able to use ancient sword dragon transformation. But if it was just transforming his eyes, he could still do it.


 Clear jade lightning struck down, Fang Yuan took it head-on. The jade lightning hit his body and was reflected back, wreaking havoc to the battlefield.


 But some of the jade lightning struck towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 However, these clear jade lightning bolts disappeared without a trace when they had just neared Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge was preparing a killer move, he naturally would not fully rely on Fang Yuan and had laid down some defensive methods.


 Fang Yuan felt relieved at this, he could defend much more calmly now and even counterattack.


 Wu Yong saw the lightning did not work and changed the battlefield again, lightning disappeared, strong wind weakened and changed into drops of beautiful green water pearls which then formed a thin drizzle.


 “Be careful, this is clear jade dripping wind.” Feng Jiu Ge warned once again.


 This water pearl-like wind sprinkled on Fang Yuan’s body but were similarly reflected back, Fang Yuan was completely safe.


 Feng Jiu Ge, however, did not fare well.


 As clear jade dripping wind neared him, they continued to disappear, but many water drops still landed on his body.


 Feng Jiu Ge had defenses all over his body as well.


 The clear jade water drops splashed on him, producing clear sounds.


 The water continued to land on him, Feng Jiu Ge’s body seemed to have turned into a human shaped musical instrument, as delightful melodies echoed continuously.


 Wu Yong laughed loudly and even revealed himself because he saw victory within his grasp: “My move still has another variation, its name is profound immortal sound. Feng Jiu Ge, you cultivate sound path, why don’t you evaluate this move.”


 As his voice stopped, low murmurs of wind started to resound in the battlefield.


 The sound of the wind was mild and clear, resounding within Fang Yuan’s mind. In an instant, the robe on Fang Yuan started shaking and billowing.


 “Not good, this profound immortal sound has the strongest offensive power among the four variation moves. Although I have reverse flow protection seal, I can only protect myself, how can I help Feng Jiu Ge?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Wu Yong’s battlefield killer move was four clear transforming winds, it was created by a rank eight Wu clan ancestor and was passed down from generation to generation.


 This four clear transforming winds had four variations, clear wind blades, clear jade lightning, clear jade dripping wind and profound immortal sound.


 It was Wu clan’s trump card killer move with awe-inspiring might, and had helped Wu clan to dominate Southern Border for countless years.



***
Chapter 1391 - Separation Song Forces Wu Yong Back!


***





 Chapter 1391: Separation Song Forces Wu Yong Back!


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Whether it be clear wind blades, clear jade lightning, clear jade dripping wind or profound immortal sound, the essence of these variation moves was wind path.


 The Wu clan ancestor whom had created this immortal battlefield killer move had clearly cultivated wind path to the extent of being able to imitate other paths with it, touching upon sword path, lightning path, water path and sound path.


 In Wu Yong’s hands, this move had outstanding effect, Fang Yuan was helpless, while Feng Jiu Ge was in a dangerous situation.


 Profound immortal sound became more concentrated and sonorous, while the musical sounds on Feng Jiu Ge were suppressed until they were almost inaudible.


 Fang Yuan was helpless.


 He had a lot of Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves, countless desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts and so on. But when facing the rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong, these things appeared to be superficial, they were not useful enough to serve any purpose.


 Only reverse flow protection seal could be relied upon by Fang Yuan to maintain his unharmed state. Unfortunately, even this trump card could not resolve this dangerous situation.


 Profound immortal sound was becoming clearer and louder, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow robe was shaking while the Reverse Flow River continued to decrease in volume so fast that it was startling him.


 But Fang Yuan was more anxious about Feng Jiu Ge.


 Red blood was flowing out of Feng Jiu Ge’s nose, mouth and eyes.


 His body was shaking and it was getting more intense.


 “Damn it! If this goes on, Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move will be broken and will definitely backlash, causing heavy injuries, adding on Wu Yong’s attack, he might even die immediately.”


 Fang Yuan understood this but was powerless to do anything.


 He naturally was not worried about Feng Jiu Ge, but if Feng Jiu Ge died, it would be his turn to face Wu Yong.


 Even if air lock’s effect dissipated later on and he could use Omni-directional Travel again, he would not have the chance to do so in front of Wu Yong.


 However, just as the situation was gradually tilting in favor of Wu Yong, Feng Jiu Ge suddenly let out a breath of air, his body relaxing.


 Soon afterwards, a unique aura rose from his body.


 Feng Jiu Ge slowly opened his mouth and started singing in a weak voice.


 The tone of his voice was not high, it was soft and low, but it was clearly heard by Fang Yuan and Wu Yong.


 His singing gradually became slightly louder, like a low murmur or like soft sleep-talking on a quiet night.


 A sudden emotion rose in Wu Yong’s heart.


 Wu Yong’s expression rapidly changed!


 He had protected himself with layers of powerful immortal level defenses, but when he heard this song, these defenses actually seemed to be non-existent, letting the song evoke emotions within him.


 Fang Yuan’s expression also changed.


 Although he did not feel anything, intense ripples were set off on the surface of the reverse flow robe.


 This situation was even more serious than when he had faced the profound immortal sound’s attack!


 “Incredible, he possesses such a powerful sound path killer move! It targets anything and everything near it, I am also within its range, I should get away from Feng Jiu Ge.” Fang Yuan quickly retreated.


 He was doing this not only for himself, but was also trying to help Feng Jiu Ge.


 Wu Yong made the same choice and was even more thorough in his retreat, his body disappeared without a trace.


 Being able to retreat or advance at will, this was the superiority of having territorial advantage.


 The immortal battlefield started attacking even faster and more wildly. Profound immortal sound, clear wind blades, clear jade dripping wind and clear jade lightning, these four variation moves appeared together and covered Feng Jiu Ge in multiple layers.


 Feng Jiu Ge ignored them, using his body to firmly resist all the attacks, while continuing to sing.


 The song was a pure and simple tune, but it contained the boundless profundities of sound path.


 The song gradually became louder, it was not an instant rise, but a gradual and gentle one, alternating between low and high pitch as it rose.


 Emotions coiled around Wu Yong’s heart, making him even more puzzled.


 “What sound path killer move is this? What kind of power is this?”


 The song suddenly dropped to a low pitch, an incomparable gloominess and sentimental feelings attacked Wu Yong’s heart, making him have an urge to cry!


 Without any warning, a word emerged in Wu Yong’s mind — Separation.


 The pain of separation, the sadness of separation, the gloominess of separation, and the reluctance of separation.


 Splitting up with your lover, never seeing your friends again, and the death of your loved ones.


 Separated, but the past remains the same.


 Separated, as old friends bid farewell.


 Separated, like the setting of the sun.


 Separated, like falling flowers that convey deep sadness.


 The song was sometimes mournful, like it was complaining about the injustice of fate, sometimes sad, as if it was questioning the cruelty of reality, sometimes resentful, like it was screaming internally, and sometimes gloomy, like crying without tears falling out, kept deep within oneself.


 Huff!


 Wu Yong’s body suddenly shook fiercely as he coughed out a large mouthful of blood.


 His expression looked incredulous, because he shockingly discovered that immortal battlefield killer move, four clear transforming winds, was actually disintegrating and breaking apart!


 None of the Gu worms that formed this battlefield killer move were destroyed because of the song, even the mortal Gu were intact.


 Naturally, some Gu worms had been destroyed when Fang Yuan had reflected the attacks with reverse flow protection seal, but Wu Yong had immediately replenished them, and there was no actual harm done.


 What made Wu Yong astonished was these Gu worms had not received the slightest of damage, but they were no longer under his control and had begun to separate from each other, not willing to cooperate and work together.


 This was absurd!


 If the coordination of one or two Gu worms was in chaos, it did not matter as long as they were not the cores of the killer move.


 If a part of the Gu worms were destroyed, as long as they were not the cores, the killer move could still be maintained.


 But now, all the Gu worms had separated and were leaving. Wu Yong was simply unable to control them.


 The culprit behind this was the song from Feng Jiu Ge.


 Soon, Fang Yuan also sensed what had happened, he detected that the whole battlefield was in the midst of crumbling apart.


 Fang Yuan was inwardly very surprised.


 Wu Yong sensed the situation was awry and wanted to abort the battlefield killer move four clear transforming winds, but it was too late.


 At the very next instant, the whole battlefield disintegrated, the three immortals saw the clear sky and the white clouds once again.


 Wu Yong coughed out a mouthful of blood, he was forced out of hiding, his expression was pale as he staggered back due to the heavy injuries.


 An immortal battlefield killer move was different from a Gu formation, if a Gu formation was destroyed, the Gu Immortal would usually not suffer heavy injuries, but when an immortal battlefield killer move was destroyed, the backlash would normally be heavy and severe.


 The stronger a killer move was, the greater the power of the backlash.


 Four clear transforming winds!


 This was a grand killer move that Wu clan had used to subdue Southern Border, it was terrifyingly powerful, hence when it disintegrated, the backlash on Wu Yong was extremely severe.


 “What an amazing killer move! What is its name?” Wu Yong gazed at Feng Jiu Ge and asked.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not reply him, instead he continued singing.


 Wu Yong’s expression changed again, at this moment, he could not hold back anymore, he took out the Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Wu Yong entered this rank eight Immortal Gu House which had powerful defenses, healing himself calmly inside it.


 The matter of immortal essence expenditure was no longer the main issue.


 Wu Yong had no choice but to do this.


 But soon, the result that had shocked him occurred once again.


 Under the effect of the song, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building actually started to shake and showed a slight sign of disintegrating.


 This was an actual rank eight Immortal Gu House!


 This meant that Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move was at rank eight level!


 Seeing this, Wu Yong’s eyes shined with a terrifying light and without tending to his injuries, he directly controlled the Immortal Gu House to collide into Feng Jiu Ge.


 An Immortal Gu House had no clear weakness, it was the essence of formation path. Immortal Gu Houses could rampage and destroy everything in a battlefield.


 This was not just a fact from past human history, it was also tried and tested common wisdom that Fang Yuan learned in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 Naturally, every Immortal Gu House had its own unique power.


 For instance, Hei tribe’s Dark Prison could tame ancient desolate beasts.


 Another example was Thirty-three Heavenly Halls of Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, it was an Immortal Gu House with extraordinary defense and it was most proficient in storing and preserving immortal materials. But unfortunately, Thirty-three Heavenly Halls was only an incomplete Immortal Gu House; it had suffered serious damage in the past and had now already lost its movement ability.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building naturally had its own killer moves, but Wu Yong’s act of directly colliding into Feng Jiu Ge was also a wise choice.


 After all, activating killer moves required time.


 Direct collision would spend the least amount of time and was also the most straightforward.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal killer move might be shockingly powerful, but he seemed to be unable to move from the spot and could only passively face attacks.


 This flaw had already been noted by Fang Yuan and Wu Yong.


 The defenses on Feng Jiu Ge were almost exhausted, if Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building collided into him, he would definitely turn into meat paste.


 At this precarious moment, Fang Yuan could not just watch from the sidelines. When Wu Yong finished with Feng Jiu Ge, it would be his turn next.


 Air lock’s time limit had not been reached yet, Fang Yuan moved forward and blocked the path of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Fang Yuan could not activate strength path giant hand, most of his attention was on maintaining reverse flow protection seal, he was only able to transform his arms and hands into dragon arms and claws, cover them with dragon scales, then activate rank seven dragon strength Immortal Gu.


 These Immortal Gu were all ‘borrowed’ from Wu clan, and now they were being used against Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong felt his chest tightening at this sight, and intensely poured in his immortal essence into the Immortal Gu House.


 Boom!


 Both sides collided, and without any surprise, Fang Yuan was sent flying.


 His strength was inferior to Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he was like a cannonball that was shot far away.


 But he suffered no injuries because of reverse flow protection seal.


 On the contrary, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building lost many mortal Gu from the collision.


 With this opening created, Feng Jiu Ge’s song became even more effective.


 Wu Yong seized the chance, continuing to control the Immortal Gu House to collide into Feng Jiu Ge, while at the same time, he began to concentrate on activating a killer move of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 The Immortal Gu House was about to collide into Feng Jiu Ge, but Fang Yuan could not return in time.


 However, right at this moment, Feng Jiu Ge suddenly moved and flew to the sky.


 Wu Yong’s attack missed, his expression immediately showed shock and fury. Feng Jiu Ge could clearly move since the start, and had intentionally done this to deceive the enemy!


 The song was still continuing, Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was disintegrating.


 From the surface, it looked like a two-storied bamboo stilt building. Although it was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it used few Gu worms. It was not like those Immortal Gu Houses which were huge, they had a large number of Gu worms.


 With only so few Gu worms, Feng Jiu Ge’s song was clearly even more effective.


 First, bamboos began to separate, the bamboos on the edges even directly left the Immortal Gu House.


 These bamboos were naturally not real bamboos, soon after leaving the main body, they emitted bright jade radiance as they disintegrated into countless little Gu worms.


 Wu Yong’s expression turned gloomy.


 The situation was extremely unfavorable to him!


 At this time, Fang Yuan neared once again.


 Wu Yong coldly snorted, gazing deeply at Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge before he mobilized Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to leave.


 In just a few moments, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building left the battlefield, becoming a small black dot in the horizon.


 He had actually taken the initiative to retreat!



***
Chapter 1392 - So It Was the Scheme of Heaven’s Will


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Yong took the initiative to retreat, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge were not happy, their hearts sank.


 Wu Yong could move ahead to attack, he could naturally retreat too.


 Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge both hoped that Wu Yong would fight against them to the death.


 But Wu Yong did not do that, he chose to retreat in a logical and wise manner.


 He was a rank eight righteous path Gu Immortal, against two rank sevens, he actually chose to retreat.


 If news got out, Wu Yong would lose a portion of his reputation.


 The reason why it was only a portion was because his opponents were the famous Feng Jiu Ge and Liu Guan Yi (Fang Yuan).


 Wu Yong needed a lot of courage to do this.


 Of course, he needed great wisdom!


 Immortal battlefield killer move four clear transforming winds was broken, Wu Yong suffered a backlash from the killer move and was heavily injured.


 But he had Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he could still fight.


 But when he found out that Feng Jiu Ge could move, and he could do nothing to Fang Yuan, he sensibly chose to retreat.


 This was a great move.


 In fact, this was even more powerful than his fierce attacks earlier, Fang Yuan’s and Feng Jiu Ge’s weaknesses were immediately targeted.


 Firstly, only a few edges of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had broken, it was still incredibly fast.


 It was impossible for Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge to chase after Wu Yong. Especially when Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was no longer under his control.


 Secondly, Wu Yong obtained precious time to calmly heal himself.


 After all, his wounds were not light, his battle strength was severely affected.


 And finally, Wu Yong could repair Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, and even add in more Gu worms to the Immortal Gu House, he would not be so passive when facing Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal killer move again.


 Wu Yong’s sound path attainment level was only ordinary, but his wind path attainment had long reached the level of mimicking other paths. He could totally use wind path methods to weaken the effects of Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move.


 That was to say, when Wu Yong pursued them again, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge would have a face a fully healed rank eight Gu Immortal with a peak condition Immortal Gu House, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, that was completely prepared for Feng Jiu Ge!


 Wu Yong could retreat as he pleased, he did not need to desperately fight with Fang Yuan or Feng Jiu Ge, he could wait for a better opportunity later.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge could do nothing to him, they were in the passive position.


 Fang Yuan only had reverse flow protection seal, while Feng Jiu Ge might have an immortal battlefield killer move, but even if he had time to set it up, he could not trap Wu Yong, because he had the rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 The difference in strength!


 Even though Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge worked together, there was still a huge gap in strength between them and Wu Yong.


 If it were only Wu Yong, they might have some hope of winning.


 But Wu Yong had the Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, his battle strength had risen immensely, the two of them were helpless.


 “Fang Yuan, leave first.” At this moment, Feng Jiu Ge said to Fang Yuan.


 He spoke very plainly.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk a little.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at Fang Yuan deeply, he was expressionless, but he soon turned to look at the small black dot in the sky (Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building).


 “Back then, you saved my life, today, I will save your life, from now on, the favor has been repaid completely.” Feng Jiu Ge continued.


 Fang Yuan raised an eyebrow: “That is not right. If not for my help, Wu Yong would have already killed you, you helped me and I helped you, you still owe me a favor.”


 But Feng Jiu Ge continued in a light tone: “If I say I owe you nothing, that means my heart is at ease, I have no obligations remaining, what you think is your business. Remember, if I survive this time, I will pursue you as my target, even if you escape to the ends of the world, I will not let you escape, be careful.”


 “Haha.” Fang Yuan could not help but laugh.


 He understood Feng Jiu Ge’s intention.


 Feng Jiu Ge saved him to repay that favor, but this way, it would go against his righteous path status, his wife and daughter would be in an awkward position.


 Thus, after Feng Jiu Ge saves Fang Yuan, he would need to pursue him and kill him, to prove his own allegiance and to protect his wife and daughter.


 “Alright, the next time we meet, we will be enemies.” Fang Yuan said, opening his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting Hei Lou Lan and the others out.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel, started to activate.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not respond, he did not even turn to look at Fang Yuan, he directly flew towards Wu Yong.


 If Fang Yuan used Omni-directional Travel to escape, Wu Yong might chase after all. Thus, to repay this debt, Feng Jiu Ge had to take a risk and personally obstruct Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Looking deeply at Feng Jiu Ge for the last time, the ancient battle formation activated and Fang Yuan along with the other immortals vanished on the spot.


 Wu Yong, who had been watching Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge, smiled bitterly as he saw him leaving.


 He slightly regretted his arrangement earlier. If he did not come alone, he would be able to take down both Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge.


 But for the reputation of Wu clan, he had been planning hard to divert the rest of Southern Border’s righteous path forces away, he had spread a net so that Fang Yuan would come right at him.


 This was not far from Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan’s escape was almost certain at this point.


 “I was careless.”


 “I did not think that Heavenly Court would help the demon Fang Yuan!”


 Wu Yong watched as Feng Jiu Ge flew towards him, showing a cold and icy gaze.


 This was the guy who ruined his plans, he deserved death!


 But...


 The opponent had immense talent and status, Wu Yong was a little hesitant.


 There was greater value in capturing Feng Jiu Ge alive than killing him.


 If he killed Feng Jiu Ge, Wu Yong would be enemies with Heavenly Court and Central Continent, and Heavenly Court currently held the secret that Wu Yi Hai was Fang Yuan.


 If he captured him, Wu Yong would be able to negotiate with Central Continent using this bargaining chip.


 In fact, Wu Yong had been thinking about this earlier, if he wanted to kill Feng Jiu Ge, he would not have attacked like that.


 Wu Yong was not a hired killer, he was the leader of a super force, he needed to think of many things, not just this battle alone, but also the consequences that would follow.


 Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge was still a distance away from Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he used this special move again.


 Wu Yong snorted, he had already added many Gu worms into this Immortal Gu House, even though the Gu worms were still being separated, it was far weaker now.


 The intense battle continued.


 Wu Yong quickly gained the upper hand, even though he was still injured.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was too domineering, Feng Jiu Ge could only fight from a distance and use separation song against it.


 Wu Yong was an experienced schemer, after retreating once, he had no problems with retreating again.


 As long as the Immortal Gu House was broken apart to an extent, he would retreat and repair it.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s separation song did not have any offensive power, the Gu worms that were removed were quickly regained by Wu Yong and he placed them back in again.


 The only problem for Wu Yong was that Immortal Gu Houses were not easy to assemble.


 But this battle was already set.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not win.


 If they clashed without either side falling back, Feng Jiu Ge might have some hope of victory.


 But Wu Yong was not a brute nor a fool, after fighting for some time, he abandoned the pride of a rank eight.


 In return, he could easily retreat and hold the initiative in his hands.


 Even the genius Feng Jiu Ge could only be suppressed, he had no chance of victory.


 At the same time, in Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei held onto Star Constellation Chessboard as she looked at the battle situation of Feng Jiu Ge fighting Wu Yong.


 “It is about time.” Fairy Zi Wei muttered.


 It turned out that Feng Jiu Ge’s encounter with Fang Yuan was planned by Star Constellation heaven’s will! With the help of Heavenly Court, Feng Jiu Ge managed to meet Fang Yuan ‘coincidentally’ while chasing the theft path Immortal Gu.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge was kept in the dark.


 In fact, even Heavenly Court was confused, not knowing why Star Constellation heaven’s will planned this.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s aura was weakening.


 He was covered in injuries, he could only use one more attack.


 In contrast, Wu Yong was inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he was in good condition, the Immortal Gu House had only lost some of its outer layer.


 Fighting before retreating, before fighting once again.


 Humans were the most intelligent of all living beings, Wu Yong’s proper strategy made Feng Jiu Ge unable to make a comeback.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, if you surrender, I can keep you alive and send you back to Central Continent for Heavenly Court’s judgment.” Wu Yong said plainly.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “Oh Wu Yong, if you can take my next move, I will surrender to you, why not?”


 Wu Yong’s expression froze slightly.


 Even at this point, Feng Jiu Ge still had a trump card unused!


 “Back in the day, the reason why I became famous, after receiving the acknowledgement of a rank eight Gu Immortal who accepted that I had rank eight battle strength, was because of this move. Listen to it, my seventh song — ”


 “Wait, Feng Jiu Ge.” At this moment, two figures appeared in the battlefield.


 They both had rank eight aura.


 They were Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects!


 “Hmm?” Wu Yong was surprised, Heavenly Court actually still had such hidden cards, this was out of his expectations.


 In his opinion, if they had such strength remaining, why did they not use it earlier?


 “Was it because they could not make it in time?” Wu Yong guessed.


 While thinking, Wu Yong sneered: “Central Continent’s people, you came just in time, I have something to tell you! Not only did you snatch the Immortal Gu of our Southern Border’s righteous path, your members are even defending demons!”


 Wu Yong had no fear.


 He was defended by the Immortal Gu House, and other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals were coming to reinforce him.


 But these two Central Continent Gu Immortals came prepared.


 One of them said: “Even though we are in two different regions, we are all righteous path members, we need to work together. We took the Immortal Gu away earlier because we were afraid the demon would destroy them. We are already prepared to return these Immortal Gu back to their original owners.”


 “Oh?” Wu Yong was surprised.


 The other said: “As for defending the demon, we will deal with that. Feng Jiu Ge, are you willing to swear upon Heavenly Court’s orders to pursue Fang Yuan forever, and to not rest until you take his life?”


 Feng Jiu Ge thought for a moment before replying.


 “I am willing.”



***
Chapter 1393 - Fang Yuan Eats People


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A boundless sea of sand, reaching as far as the eye could see.


 The sky was blue with white clouds and clear rays of the sun.


 “I am finally in Western Desert.” A figure emerged from Western Desert’s regional wall, instead of slowing down, he accelerated towards the sky.


 This youthful looking person was dressed in a white robe with long sleeves, he had black hair and dark eyes, his face was clear as jade.


 It was Fang Yuan!


 Feng Jiu Ge blocked Wu Yong for him, allowing him to escape.


 The sovereign immortal body was adept at traveling between regional walls, be it Southern Border’s regional wall or Western Desert’s regional wall, they could not stop Fang Yuan.


 In fact, the regional walls were where Fang Yuan was safest, he was like a fish in water.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and the rest were inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, thanks to him, they were able to travel through the regional walls, arriving in Western Desert as well.


 Thankfully, none of them were rank eight Gu Immortals, and because Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had annexed many blessed lands and had sufficient dao marks and foundation, he could contain these Gu Immortals.


 If ordinary Gu Immortals crossed regional walls, they would need to rest for some time, but with his sovereign immortal body, Fang Yuan traveled through them easily, there were no losses.


 After the battle of the giant dream realm, even though Fang Yuan became the new leader of Shadow Sect and inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s many inheritances, he had lost the identity of Wu Yi Hai, his Liu Guan Yi identity was exposed, and the crucial dark limit Immortal Gu had fallen into Heavenly Court’s hands. And most important, he lost a rank eight battle strength — upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 Along the way, Fang Yuan had been thinking about this battle, summing up his gains and losses.


 “To think that the manifested dream realm would be invaded by heaven’s will. If I did not explore the dream realm, heaven’s will might not have found me.”


 “However, Shadow Sect was going to attack the dream realm eventually.”


 “Even though I am inside Western Desert now, I lost Dark Limit and was hit by Heavenly Court’s investigative killer move, and most importantly, heaven’s will is watching me, my traces are completely exposed.


 Escaping from Southern Border and arriving in Western Desert was only temporarily alleviating the situation.


 If Heavenly Court or heaven’s will had enough time to plan, Western Desert would become a dangerous place too, Fang Yuan would be assaulted by countless Gu Immortals or forces here.


 Thus, his urgent needs now were to get rid of the investigative killer move on him and find a way to hide from heaven’s will.


 “Western Desert’s Zombie Alliance was destroyed, but there are still a lot of resources left deep within translocation desert.”


 “Other than that, there are two places that naturally form Gu, and can also produce Immortal Gu, like Southern Border’s Jade Pot Mountain.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s ice soul Immortal Gu was a wild Immortal Gu naturally created in Jade Pot Mountain.


 Because of Shadow Sect’s secret operation, Western Desert had many secret spots, two such spots were like Jade Pot Mountain, there were wild Immortal Gu about to spawn from them.


 Undoubtedly, Fang Yuan had to rush to these three locations.


 “Feng Jiu Ge saved me, the favor is used up.”


 “His appearance was too coincidental, it might be part of Heavenly Court’s plan.”


 “If he chases after me, even if I have reverse flow protection seal, I cannot do anything to him. And most importantly, Central Continent is going to send more experts, after all, it is only a matter of time.”


 “Thus, I need to act fast!”


 Thinking of this, a bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation!


 White light flashed, at the next moment, Fang Yuan turned into a slender silvery sword dragon.


 The sword dragon waved its tail and moved elegantly with rapid speed.


 Soon, Fang Yuan used sword escape Immortal Gu on top of the ancient sword dragon transformation.


 Whoosh!


 He flew like a silvery light, tearing through space, the speed was unthinkably fast.


 Several days later, in translocation desert.


 This was one of the more famous deserts in Western Desert.


 Like how Eastern Sea had ice flow sea area, twin polar sea strait, air bubble sea area, shark sea, elegant splendorous sea area and other mystical sea areas.


 Western Desert had a large number of deserts scattered all over. They normally had special traits that differentiated them from the others, becoming famous among Western Desert Gu Immortals.


 Rank six transformation path Gu Immortal Yi Zuan, known as “Fiend Mosquito”, was currently floating above translocation desert.


 He wore thin black leather armor, he had a sharp nose and small eyes, his black hair was messy like weeds, not only was it sticking upwards, it also extended to his shoulder.


 “Hehehe, I am tailing Three Feather Boy, I might be able to find that Corpse City of Zombie Alliance.”


 He was smug internally, sniffing as he tried to smell.


 “Found it.” His eyes shone as he followed the smell, rushing down towards translocation desert.


 Seeing that he was getting closer to the ground, Fiend Mosquito did not dodge.


 When he was almost in contact with the ground, his black armor flickered with eerie light.


 Boom.


 With a soft sound, he drilled into the desert like he was jumping into water, vanishing.


 His field of vision turned dark, Fiend Mosquito had closed his eyes already.


 The hot sand surrounded his entire body, the temperature was very high, it could instantly cook an egg, before turning it into char.


 But Fiend Mosquito had his defensive methods, this environment was not unbearable for him.


 Even if his vision was dark, that was not a problem, Fiend Mosquito was most skilled at pursuing smell, the clues were more evident when traveling in the sand.


 He continued to travel across the desert.


 Guh.


 Suddenly, he pierced out of the sand and arrived in a cave.


 Fiend Mosquito was not surprised.


 There were many such caves under translocation desert.


 During the Remote Antiquity Era, two immemorial desolate beasts fought here, one of the immemorial desolate beasts, an earth qi bat camel, lost the battle and died here.


 The earth qi bat camel was a rather unique immemorial desolate beast, it had two forms, bat and camel. When it traveled in the desert, it would become a brown camel large as a mountain, moving slowly. When it wanted to fly, it would turn into a jade bat, small as a fist, and would move extremely quickly.


 This unique immemorial desolate beast was quite similar to the sun-moon kun-peng from Eastern Sea, many Gu Immortals compared the two.


 The sun-moon kun-peng was a type of immemorial desolate beast living in Eastern Sea.


 Under the sun, the sun-moon kun-peng would turn into a giant bird and soar the skies.


 When under the moon, the sun-moon kun-peng would turn into a giant fish and devour the seas, having a grand aura.


 After the earth qi bat camel died, its dao marks spread out and were carved in this desert, creating translocation desert.


 Inside the desert, large amounts of earth qi moved, this earth qi was like bubbles in water, creating tiny caves.


 Fiend Mosquito was now inside one of those caves.


 There was no air here, mortals would die if they came here. They would not die of suffocation, but the earth qi would turn them into stone.


 Gu Immortal Fiend Mosquito was naturally immune to it.


 In fact, he could collect the earth qi as it was a type of resource as well.


 But now, he was tailing Three Feather Boy, he was afraid that taking the earth qi would alert the former, thus, he did not do so.


 He continued to sniff until he sensed Three Feather Boy’s scent, continuing to move forward.


 Along the way, he passed many caves.


 These caves were varied in sizes, some were like rooms while others were like palaces.


 Finally, he came to a special cave.


 “The aura here is so dense! Three Feather Boy must be nearby.”


 Fiend Mosquito tried to open his eyes, but soon he was filled with shock.


 “My goodness, this cave is too huge, it is like a mortal town!”


 “The earth qi here is so dense that an earth qi sandstorm is brewing?”


 Fiend Mosquito soon found that at the center of this cave, there was a dark and heavy lump of moving sand, oozing with immortal material aura.


 “This sandstorm is made from earth qi, it is a rank seven immortal material, extremely valuable.”


 Fiend Mosquito was happy but worried.


 He was happy seeing such a huge immortal material, as a Western Desert lone immortal, this was a huge profit.


 His worry was that the sandstorm was very wild and had great power, it was hard to take it.


 “Wait!”


 “Three Feather Boy’s aura is nearby, that means he came here. Why did he not take this huge piece of earth qi essence?”


 Fiend Mosquito’s pupils suddenly shrunk, feeling something amiss.


 At this time, a boyish voice came from behind him: “Fiend Mosquito, you are finally here. Hehe, I have been waiting for you, go and test the formation for me.”


 “Oh no!” Fiend Mosquito heard this and shuddered, wanting to dodge.


 But it was already too late.


 A storm of feathers made from blue light landed on his body.


 Fiend Mosquito was unable to help himself, the blue feathers brought him into the sandstorm.


 Fiend Mosquito’s screams could be heard from inside the sandstorm.


 Three Feather Boy finally appeared now, he was rosy and tender, his young face was plump and very cute, he looked at the sandstorm as he laughed.


 Soon, Fiend Mosquito’s cries came to a stop, blood leaked into the sandstorm but the moving sand quickly devoured it entirely.


 Three Feather Boy’s laughter came to a stop as he had a worried expression.


 “So powerful.”


 He breathed in deeply: “As expected of the defensive formation of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch. Fiend Mosquito was a rank six expert, but he only lasted so long. Who is it?”


 Three Feather Boy turned around and stared ahead with a fixed gaze.


 Over there, a figure suddenly appeared.


 “Damn, a rank seven Gu Immortal!” Three Feather Boy sensed the newcomer’s aura and felt bitter internally.


 He observed carefully, seeing that this Gu Immortal had a handsome and gentlemanly appearance, he wore white clothes and had black hair. Even though he was a young man, and even though they were both guys, Three Feather Boy felt amazed at such an appearance.


 “What a handsome person!”


 “Seeing his demeanor, he seems to be a righteous path Gu Immortal.”


 Just as Three Feather Boy was guessing, Fang Yuan looked at him and squinted, having some joy in his tone: “Good, this is the third person I’ve met, after eating you, my appetite will be appeased for some time.”


 “What?!” Three Feather Boy was shocked, he quickly retreated: “What righteous path is this! He wants to eat me? Sister, save me!”



***
Chapter 1394 - Retrieving Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s words made Three Feather Boy pale with horror, he immediately called for help.


 A figure rapidly appeared, going to Three Feather Boy and consoling him: “Little brother, don’t be afraid, big sister is here.”


 This female Gu Immortal had a small and dainty body, she was like a little girl wearing a flowery green dress, there were two pearl earrings hanging on her ears, as if water was inside the pearls, there were green ripples inside when they shook.


 “I am Cui Bo, who might you be? Is scaring my brother so fun?”


 Fang Yuan assessed this Fairy Cui Bo.


 She was emanating rank seven Gu Immortal aura, she thought that she was on equal status with Fang Yuan, who was also rank seven.


 Her skin was white as snow, but the green rippling light from her earrings made her look eerie, her face was quite delicate, but her nose was slightly sharp, ruining her image.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his tummy, sighing: “I am speaking the truth, what do you mean by that? Hehe, since you have come to me, I shall eat both of you then.”


 The sovereign immortal body’s flaw was the need to devour apertures.


 Fang Yuan had understood this from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Originally, according to Shadow Sect’s plan, they sought to refine the rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was known as ‘Sovereign’, it naturally surpassed rank nine, this was the ambition of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Unfortunately, he only managed to refine the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, and it was snatched away by Fang Yuan.


 According to Spectral Soul’s concept, rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu had no weakness, it was nearly perfect. But at rank nine, it had one flaw that was not a flaw.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was an Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu needed to be fed.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s food were immortal fetuses.


 What was an immortal fetus?


 Immortal fetus was an ancient term.


 For example, apertures were also known as Essence Pools or Purple Residences, but most people called them apertures.


 What was the biggest difference between immortal and mortal?


 Immortal apertures were also known as immortal fetuses. Except that immortal apertures were a more widely known name.


 To feed sovereign immortal fetus Gu with others’ immortal apertures, the paths did not matter, but the cultivation level did.


 For example, as a rank seven, Fang Yuan needed to annex rank seven immortal apertures now to feed sovereign immortal fetus Gu. When he becomes rank eight, he would need rank eight immortal apertures.


 The perfect rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu did not need any food, it could create a truly perfect immortal body from the Gu. Unlike Fang Yuan currently, even though he had the sovereign immortal body, he could still be turned back into the sovereign immortal fetus Gu if an appropriate method was used.


 Right now, even though Fang Yuan used sovereign immortal fetus Gu and obtained the sovereign immortal body, the flaw was still left behind.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan changed his cultivation plan earlier, the time in the immortal aperture was slowed, by giving up some time path resources, he avoided heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, annexing other people’s apertures to raise his cultivation level.


 This way, through a stroke of luck, he managed to feed the sovereign immortal body.


 Fang Yuan did not lie to Three Feather Boy, on the way here, Fang Yuan met three rank six Western Desert Gu Immortals and killed them, capturing their souls and annexing two of their immortal apertures, Fang Yuan could not annex the final one because of attainment level, he let it become a blessed land.


 Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were a strong duo.


 They schemed and deceived Fiend Mosquito into entering the Gu formation, testing it for them while Fairy Cui Bo waited in ambush nearby.


 When they met ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals, Fairy Cui Bo could talk to them equally, but unfortunately, they met Fang Yuan.


 “Coincidentally, a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivates water path appeared, after eating her, I will not need to worry about sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s food for some time.”


 Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, it was rare to find someone whose immortal aperture he could annex.


 Especially in Western Desert where fire path and wind path were the most popular paths, while water path was very rare, forming a clear contrast to Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan was a water path grandmaster, but his fire path and wind path attainment levels were just ordinary.


 Rumble!


 Fang Yuan struck rapidly, using his immortal killer move, myriad self first style — Giant Hand.


 Immediately, a huge hand pushed away the air and charged at Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy with an overwhelming aura.


 Three Feather Boy shouted in shock as he dodged.


 Fairy Cui Bo also showed a look of surprise, she waved her hand as green acid appeared.


 The acid moved like a snake, landing on the giant hand and corroding it by twenty percent.


 However, the giant hand still had eighty percent of its power left, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, it ignored Three Feather Boy and rushed towards Fairy Cui Bo.


 Fairy Cui Bo retreated as she called out: “Hold on, I am the third concubine of Thousand Transformations Ancestor. Why don’t you give ancestor face, becoming allies with us and sharing this Zombie Alliance treasure?


 Even though Fairy Cui Bo had rank seven cultivation level, her strength was not impressive, it was very ordinary.


 But her status was quite extraordinary.


 She was related to Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Even though Fang Yuan had little information of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, he knew about the reputation of Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 This ancestor cultivated transformation path solely, when he was young, he obtained a portion of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, he had a thousand transformations. Thus, he was called Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Even though he inherited a Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, he was not a demonic path Gu Immortal, he was a famous lone immortal in Western Desert.


 His personal interest was similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he loved beautiful women and had hundreds or even thousands of wives and concubines. Among them were nearly ten Gu Immortals!


 Fairy Cui Bo was one of them.


 “If I take Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s inheritance, I will also get Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s animosity?” Fang Yuan frowned.


 Fairy Cui Bo dodged as she observed his expression, before saying: “I came here due to ancestor’s orders. Sir, you have such battle strength, but it is not possible to get through the defensive Gu formation using brute force. The treasure has not appeared yet, why must we fight to the death now? If we waste time, unexpected mishaps might occur.”


 Fairy Cui Bo was quite talented at speaking, Fang Yuan nodded: “You make sense.”


 Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were overjoyed upon hearing this, but immediately after, Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Miao Yin.


 “Go kill these two, I will take the inheritance here.” Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, even though she was unhappy with Fang Yuan giving orders, she still charged towards Fairy Cui Bo.


 Hei Lou Lan fought against Three Feather Boy.


 Fairy Miao Yin smiled lightly, watching from the side to reinforce them.


 Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were truly in fear now.


 They did not expect that Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture would have three Gu Immortals, and all of them were from other regions.


 This was very rare.


 Gu Immortals would not let other Gu Immortals hide inside their immortal apertures for no reason.


 Soon, Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were heavily suppressed, they could not retaliate against Hei and Bai.


 “These two are ten extreme immortals! Their methods are impressive, I have never seen them before!”


 “I remember now, they are fugitives! Demonic scoundrels! This person is one of the culprits behind the fall of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 Three Feather Boy and Fairy Cui Bo realized some information about Fang Yuan and the others, they were even more shocked now, they lost their morale and tried to escape.


 Hei and Bai chased after them, quickly getting out of this cave.


 Fang Yuan stood before the sandstorm, using his method that had been brewing for some time.


 In a few breaths’ time, the sandstorm weakened, splitting in the center and revealing a path.


 Fang Yuan entered without hesitation.


 Fairy Miao Yin was still standing guard outside against any intruders.


 The sandstorm became larger after Fang Yuan entered, the path vanished as it returned to the original state.


 A city soon appeared in Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Corpse City.


 Looking at it, this was a city made from yellow clay, it was not impressive.


 But the truth was, this city was a huge mortal Gu House, it was like the Dark Flow Giant City in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s branch.


 However, Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was different from the one in Northern Plains.


 The true base of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was an earth path blessed land.


 Corpse City was inside the blessed land.


 Back then, when Shadow Sect activated their hundred thousand year plan to defy heaven and refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, they lost nearly everything.


 The blessed land base of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was discarded, the resources inside were hidden in Corpse City, the entire mortal Gu House was moved to underneath translocation desert, and a defensive Gu formation was activated.


 This method allowed Western Desert Zombie Alliance to preserve most of its foundation, not long after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the former earth path blessed land of Western Desert Zombie Alliance was broken into by Western Desert Gu Immortals.


 But when they plundered it, these Western Desert Gu Immortals were not satisfied, they became angry from this.


 Because they did not get the loot that they planned to get.


 After their constant investigation and deduction, along with the secret help of heaven’s will, they finally found this translocation desert, and confirmed that Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s inheritance was hidden here.


 But to find the exact cave was not easy. Not only were these caves numerous like the stars in the sky, most importantly, these caves were constantly moving.


 At every moment, old caves vanished while new caves appeared.


 This made the Western Desert Gu Immortals’ search difficult.


 Fang Yuan was different, he was the leader of Shadow Sect, he got here and entered Corpse City, it was simply too easy for him.


 “However, meeting Fairy Cui Bo here was likely the plot of heaven’s will. To make me oppose a rank eight great expert the moment I enter Western Desert.”


 “Along with me, Bai Ning Bing and the others have been hit with investigative killer moves.”


 “I need to relocate these inheritances as soon as possible!”


 Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and waved his hand, as the entire Corpse City entered his immortal aperture.


 Corpse City did not have Immortal Gu stored up, but the defensive Gu formation used Immortal Gu as the core.


 There were a total of two Immortal Gu, one of them was Fang Yuan’s main objective in this journey.



***
Chapter 1395 - Scaring Away Three Rank Sevens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 From the appearance, this resembled a rhinoceros beetle.


 Fang Yuan held it in his palm, feeling the heavy stone-like weight.


 It had a huge carapace and a thick head, giving people the feeling of strength. Its tall and long forked horn seemed like a spear stabbing towards the sky.


 Rule path rank seven Immortal Gu — Fight!


 This Immortal Gu was Fang Yuan’s biggest gain this time.


 With his status as Shadow Sect’s leader, Fang Yuan quickly refined this Gu and kept it in his immortal aperture.


 Other than that, there was another Immortal Gu.


 It was rank six earth path, called Yellow Sand.


 This Immortal Gu looked like a ladybug and had a round carapace with six yellow stars on it.


 With rank seven Immortal Gu Fight and rank six Immortal Gu Yellow Sand, as well as some mortal Gu,the dense earth qi inside these caves, and earth path dao marks, Western Desert Zombie Alliance created this defensive Gu formation.


 But as Fang Yuan gathered Gu worms into his immortal aperture, the Gu formation broke apart and collapsed.


 Fang Yuan took another look at the treasury of Corpse City.


 Within the mortal Gu House, there were lots of immortal materials.


 The most precious one was the cold moon divine bravery, it was a rank seven immortal material condensed from moonlight at the center of the desert, taking ten thousand years to form.


 Inside treasure yellow heaven, it was priceless.


 The quantity was so few that even rank eight Gu Immortals did not have much.


 The one with the most quantity was a rank six immortal material, phosphorescent wood, this grew in fierce ghost desert, in the territory of Western Desert Zombie Alliance.


 There was a lot of phosphorescent wood, this was the accumulation of the Western Desert Zombie Alliance branch after countless years.


 “This shows the massive foundation that Shadow Sect once had!”


 “Unfortunately, to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, they invested too much, after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, their remaining forces were targeted by heaven’s will, Heavenly Court, as well as me.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Ying Wu Xie and gang had already visited the other branches, Central Continent, Northern Plains, and Southern Border’s Zombie Alliance inheritance had already been used up.


 Over at Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance branch, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals had taken over and were in control of it.


 And now, the final Western Desert inheritance was in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 This was the final bit of fortune that Shadow Sect had.


 Other than this, there were some minor things, but in Western Desert, the only things that Fang Yuan cared about were the resource points similar to Jade Pot Mountain, Shadow Sect had secretly nurtured them to spawn wild Immortal Gu.


 In the underground cave, Fairy Miao Yin and Fang Yuan waited for some time.


 A white clothed person walked in, it was dragon lady Bai Ning Bing.


 She was cold like an icy mountain, her robe was white as snow, she was holding a captive in her hands.


 It was Fairy Cui Bo from earlier!


 Right now, she was a frozen popsicle, her eyes were shut and her body was covered in frost, she did not move, she was at Bai Ning Bing’s mercy.


 Bai Ning Bing actually captured Fairy Cui Bo.


 This result made Fairy Miao Yin praise her as Fang Yuan’s eyes shone.


 Even though Bai Ning Bing had rank six cultivation level, her battle strength was truly at rank seven, and one of the stronger experts among rank seven too.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique of the ten extreme physiques complemented Bai Xiang’s true inheritance to display many times the original effect!


 And most importantly, Bai Ning Bing did not fear death, she was someone with incredible talent.


 Back in Southern Border, she had fought against three and killed two while heavily injuring the last one, the results were incredible. And now, she forcefully captured a rank seven Gu Immortal, her battle strength was only second to Fang Yuan now.


 “Even though we captured Fairy Cui Bo, I am in no rush to annex her immortal aperture.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Firstly, this place was filled with earth qi and did not have heaven qi, it was not suitable to place immortal aperture.


 Earlier, the rank six Gu Immortal Fiend Mosquito in the defensive Gu formation had turned into sand, both his immortal aperture and corpse were of no value now.


 Fang Yuan was not hungry now, he was not at the point of needing food yet.


 And most importantly, Fairy Cui Bo was related to the rank eight Gu Immortal Thousand Transformations Ancestor. He could use her to alleviate some of heaven’s will’s schemes.


 “Since you captured her, you can keep her inside your immortal aperture.” Fang Yuan said to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing nodded.


 She could not turn back now, she was pursued by both Heavenly Court and Southern Border, she also needed Shadow Sect’s help to refine Gu, she had to cooperate with Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan returned too.


 There were traces of blood on her: “That boy was burned to ashes, his immortal aperture was destroyed too. Additionally, the battle attracted a bunch of Western Desert Gu Immortals, but I did not fight them, I returned immediately. Their aura shows they are not simple.”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Even though Hei Lou Lan had just undergone her immortal ascension, she already had very keen insight.


 Her evaluation was unlikely to be wrong, these Western Desert Gu Immortals should be experts among rank sevens.


 It was no wonder.


 Western Desert Zombie Alliance was a super force after all. It was normal for the Western Desert Gu Immortals to come to search for its inheritance. Even super forces would pay attention to it, moreover, don’t forget heaven’s will was here trying to cause more problems for them.


 “We will leave now.” Fang Yuan said but before he finished, three figures emerged from left, right, and above him.


 “Friend, you are dreaming if you want to leave after getting Zombie Alliance’s inheritance.” At the left, a thin young-looking Gu Immortal with rainbow feathers laughed shrilly.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated enslavement path, known as Peacock Deity.


 “You can leave, but you need to leave a portion of Zombie Alliance’s inheritance for us.” A female immortal above him wore a traditional Western Desert white dress, her face was half concealed by a veil, her beautiful eyes had thick and long eyelashes on them.


 This beauty was a famous fairy in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, her status was on par with Qiao Si Liu and Fairy Miao Yin, she was called Beautiful Camel Immortal.


 To the right was a Gu Immortal with a beard and bare chest, his muscular body and strong arms, along with his bronze skin and deep breathing, made him seem like a powerful person.


 He had a huge background, because his surname was Dong.


 Dong clan was a super clan of Western Desert.


 Dong Lie Feng, wind path rank seven expert, most skilled at tracking and following people.


 “Two Southern Border, one Northern Plains, and one Western Desert Gu Immortal, why such a motley crew!” Dong Lie Feng frowned.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body and was in Western Desert, he had the aura of a Western Desert Gu Immortal. Hei Lou Lan underwent immortal ascension in Northern Plains, she was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal. Bai Ning Bing and Fairy Miao Yin were both Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals of other regions were usually ostracized.


 In this regard, Eastern Sea displayed it the least, but the other four regions normally hated outsiders. Gu Immortals of other regions usually acted with a low profile because any strife or conflict would cause them to be ganged up upon by everyone.


 Be it Peacock Deity, Beautiful Camel Immortal, or Dong Lie Feng, they had ugly expressions.


 Because Fang Yuan and the others took away Zombie Alliance’s inheritance. This belonged to them in their minds.


 “These are Gu Immortals of other regions, we can put down our differences and work together, to kill all of these outsider Gu Immortals first!”


 “That’s right, Western Desert is ruled by us Western Desert natives, these outsiders want to steal our treasures in our territory.”


 “Hand over Zombie Alliance’s inheritance and we might spare your lives!”


 The three Western Desert Gu Immortals shouted.


 At the same time, they communicated secretly.


 “Be careful, they have two rank seven and two rank six Gu Immortals.”


 “Those two rank sixes are not simple, their auras are strange.”


 “That rank seven youngster seems quite familiar, where have I seen him before... hmm?!”


 Dong Lie Feng’s pupils shrunk as he realized Fang Yuan’s identity.


 Fang Yuan was currently using his real appearance. Since he knew about the investigative killer move on him, and since familiar face used up mental energy and immortal essence, he decided to stop concealing his identity since it was pointless.


 “He is Liu Guan Yi!” Dong Lie Feng thought in shock, he immediately retreated.


 Swoosh, he spiraled away.


 Vanishing in an instant.


 Beautiful Camel Immortal and Peacock Deity were stunned!


 What happened?!


 They were still filled with battle intent earlier and discussing about battle tactics, but now, Dong Lie Feng ran away?


 Was he hit by a peculiar killer move from the enemy?


 Or... did he retreat on his own?


 “Wait!” Beautiful Camel Immortal’s expression also changed, she realized that Fang Yuan was Liu Guan Yi.


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Liu Guan Yi became famous in all five regions, his appearance was known to all. This level of popularity varied in the five regions.


 Northern Plains was the most informed about it, while Central Continent also knew a lot because Heavenly Court participated in the battle.


 As for the other three regions, some knew about Liu Guan Yi’s appearance, but others only heard about about the matter, they did not have much information.


 After all, in their minds, Liu Guan Yi was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, he was not in the same region as them.


 Like earlier, Fairy Cui Bo did not manage to recognize Fang Yuan, ending up as a captive.


 Beautiful Camel Immortal recognized Fang Yuan and immediately gasped, why would she stay here?


 She escaped immediately!


 What a joke, this person could rival rank eight experts.


 How could she fight him? Trying to find trouble with him was courting death!


 At the same time, Beautiful Camel Immortal scolded Dong Lie Feng in her mind, he ran so quickly without informing them.


 But in his perspective, if Beautiful Camel Immortal found out about Fang Yuan’s identity first, she would do the same.


 After all, when escaping, not only did you and your enemy’s speed matter, the important thing was the difference in speed between you and your allies.


 Peacock Deity was dazed.


 Beautiful Camel Immortal fled too?!


 Oh no!!


 At this moment, Peacock Deity felt something amiss, even though he did not understand why, he had a lot of life experience, he immediately reacted.


 His body shook as he flew away like lightning, he was even faster than Beautiful Camel Immortal.


 Before Fang Yuan did anything, these three Western Desert rank seven experts fled in fear.


 Fang Yuan looked at the sky as he snickered.


 Even if heaven’s will plotted, so what?


 As long as Fang Yuan was strong enough, no matter who was instigated, their survival instincts would take over at the crucial moment.


 Earlier, when he escaped around Southern Border, it was because his enemies were too strong.


 But in fact, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal expert. Ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals could not even face him directly!



***
Chapter 1396 - Soaring Fighting Spirit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hmph, a bunch of clowns.” Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly.


 Hei Lou Lan was silent, feeling deep emotions.


 Peacock Deity, Beautiful Camel Immortal, and Dong Lie Feng were rank seven experts, even in Southern Border, although they could not compare to Old Treeman Ba De and Wu clan’s Wu Yu Bo, they could match Wu Yi Ran.


 That Beautiful Camel Immortal had status similar to Fairy Miao Yin and Qiao Si Liu in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world.


 But against Fang Yuan, who could rival rank eights, they were simply too weak.


 “Unknowingly, he had already grown to this extent. Such terrifying growth speed!!” Hei Lou Lan’s heart was truly in a commotion.


 Her battle strength had surged greatly as well. But after her immortal ascension, she had been pursued constantly, she rarely had time to flaunt her strength. This time, when the enemies ran away from them, she finally realized, their side was truly powerful.


 Their earlier encounters were because the enemies were too powerful.


 Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and the entire righteous path alliance of Southern Border.


 The truth was, as long as there were no rank eight Gu Immortals, with their power, they could rampage unhindered!


 “In the entire Gu Immortal world, rank eight Gu Immortals are very few, as long as we get rid of the investigative killer moves on us, we can hide ourselves and develop quietly. With such strength, most Gu Immortals cannot obstruct our development!”


 Hei Lou Lan thought of this as her ambitions grew again.


 She was a bold and formidable person, her ambitions were huge.


 Even though she was restrained by Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement, she was not going to be an obedient subordinate of Fang Yuan forever.


 “Alright, we got what we want, let’s go.” Fang Yuan said.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Miao Yin gathered together.


 The four immortals worked together and used the ancient battle formation, Omni-directional Travel.


 Whoosh!


 With a bright light, they vanished.


 When they opened their eyes, they were above an ordinary sand dune.


 The sun was hanging in the sky, as the sand below them were heated and the air was distorted from heat, they felt a strong wave of hot air blowing at them.


 Fang Yuan looked afar.


 Translocation desert was over there. They were far away now.


 “We will rest here. Guard the surroundings.” Fang Yuan said as he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting Lady White Rabbit out.


 He was now the leader of Shadow Sect. He had Shadow Sect’s information, all these members, wandering other regions, chose to obey Fang Yuan.


 The four immortals flew out and concealed themselves, using their investigative methods.


 Fang Yuan entered the desert and went deep underground, creating a small cave in the sand.


 This cave was very simple, but Fang Yuan used some mortal Gu to create a Gu formation.


 Not only did he reinforce this cave, he even allowed fresh air to come in.


 Fang Yuan was a formation path grandmaster, such a mortal Gu formation was as easy as breathing to him.


 After creating it, Fang Yuan did not waste time, he sat down and shut his eyes.


 He raced against time and quickly used an immortal killer move.


 This move was called soaring fighting spirit, it was a non-mainstream wisdom path killer move that Fang Yuan got from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance.


 This move only had one core Immortal Gu, it was the rule path rank seven Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan obtained from Corpse City’s defensive Gu formation — Fight.


 The other supplementary Gu worms were all mortal Gu, and most were wisdom path.


 It was a rank seven immortal killer move after all, even though time was pressing, Fang Yuan was not overly rushing it.


 He moved step by step, meticulously.


 Gu worms were activated as profound lights formed, enveloping the sky of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 As the number of mortal Gu increased, the profound lights became deeper in color.


 After reaching the limit, Fang Yuan started to instill red date immortal essence into fight Immortal Gu.


 The immortal essence expenditure was not high, only using three beads, the back of fight Gu opened up as it started to fly, drawing a silver trace in the sky using its body.


 This trace entered the profound light, it shined instantly with a blinding glare.


 Boom.


 The profound light exploded, fading instantly.


 A large number of mortal Gu were destroyed, even fight Gu fell to the ground.


 The killer move activation failed!


 The backlash made Fang Yuan’s soul shake as he suffered major injuries.


 Thoughts were rampaging in his mind, countless thoughts collided or destroyed themselves uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan started to think about random things as absurd thoughts filled his mind.


 But he was prepared for it, he held on and endured it.


 After a dozen breaths, the thoughts in his mind settled down.


 Fang Yuan was pale and let out a breath of air, healing his injuries.


 The injuries on his body were mild, but his soul was heavily injured and his mind was also hurt badly.


 It was not surprising.


 This immortal killer move was used for the first time, even though Fang Yuan simulated it earlier, the actual use of it would definitely be different from his deductions.


 The stronger the immortal killer move, the greater the backlash when its activation fails.


 And backlash also had different types.


 Like this time, Fang Yuan’s body was not injured much, his soul and mind were the ones which suffered.


 After some healing, Fang Yuan recovered from his injuries.


 Currently, although Fang Yuan did not have any strong immortal healing methods, he had sufficient ways. If his body got injured, he had time path Immortal Gu Man as Before. If his soul was injured, he had guts Gu.


 His mind was injured this time, but Fang Yuan also had many wisdom path methods to heal himself.


 These were all inherited from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, the healing effect was very good.


 Of course, with an injured mind, just these small methods could not completely resolve the issue, but the lingering symptoms were of no concern.


 Fang Yuan ignored these, he continued to try and activate the immortal killer move, soaring fighting spirit.


 He failed the second time but finally succeeded on the third time.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, a profound light flowed like water, turning from a spread out cloud to a condensed basin-size shape.


 “Go.” At Fang Yuan’s will, this round profound light shot down and landed on Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie was still in the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, but he had suffered too big of an impact, he was like a corpse lying on the ground, lifeless and dull.


 The profound light landed on him like water going into the soil, it directly went into Ying Wu Xie’s brain.


 Not just that, a big portion went into his soul.


 The entire process was very fast, it completely fused into him with just a few breaths of time.


 Ying Wu Xie’s body shook.


 Next, his eyes burst out with sharp light.


 “Ahh!!!” He opened his mouth and shouted, before jumped and sitting up.


 “Damn it... damn it!” He clenched his fists, veins were popping on his arms, his fingers were cracking.


 “Heavenly Court captured my main body, this is unforgivable!”


 “I must get back my main body, I must save him, even if it is Heavenly Court, I will smash them to bits!”


 “Ahhhhhh!”


 Ying Wu Xie continued to shout, he stood up and screamed at the sky.


 “I want to fight!”


 “I must persevere!!”


 “I was too weak-willed earlier, that was not right.”


 “Oh Fang Yuan, you are a complete otherworldly demon, since Lord Purple acknowledged you, I will do the same!”


 “In this world, who has a chance of destroying fate Gu? You are the most likely person!”


 “I believe that you can lead us and charge into Heavenly Court, destroy fate Gu and rescue my main body!!”


 Ying Wu Xie was no longer as depressed as earlier, he was like a new person.


 “Good.” Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.


 Ying Wu Xie’s display showed he had not wasted his efforts.


 Ying Wu Xie’s battle strength was rank seven, but he had the ultimate lead soul into dream killer move, even rank eight Gu Immortals could not defend against him, or even Immortal Gu Houses.


 If Ying Wu Xie helped them during the battle against Wu Yong, Wu Yong might have died.


 Ying Wu Xie regained his fighting spirit, not only did it increase Fang Yuan’s strength, it also involved another person.


 Sixth Hair!


 Inside Lang Ya blessed land, in a refinement hall.


 Rumble!


 Earth fire burst up and exploded like thunder.


 From the flames, a figure jumped out.


 This person was covered in black hair, had a brawny figure and was coughing pathetically.


 It was Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Cough, cough, I failed again.”


 “Damn it!”


 “If I used the nature refinement method of my race, the Immortal Gu refinement would have succeeded already. But that Fang Yuan wants to use the human isolation style to refine the Immortal Gu, isn’t he just making things difficult for me?”


 Lang Ya land spirit complained incessantly.


 At this moment, a voice came from outside the door: “I am Sixth Hair, requesting to meet lord first supreme elder!”


 “Sixth Hair, what is it?” Facing his fellow hairy man, Lang Ya land spirit had an amiable disposition.


 “I want to help first supreme elder refine Gu, it will help with raising my refinement path attainment!” Sixth Hair answered, bright light shining deep in his eyes.


 Lang Ya land spirit was most skilled at the hairy man heaven and earth style Gu refinement method.


 But this method would never succeed in refining Fang Yuan’s Gu. Because this method attracted heaven’s will and even heavenly tribulations or earthly calamities.


 Only the human isolation method had a chance of success.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not know this, and as a matter of fact, he did not excel at the human isolation style.


 As a hairy man supremacist, he scoffed at the human isolation style, looking down on it. In terms of success rate, the hairy man heaven and earth style was far superior to the human isolation style.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not familiar with this method, but Sixth Hair was.


 Sixth Hair was a split soul of Spectral Soul, he was skilled at the human style. But when he lived in Lang Ya blessed land all these years, he did not expose that talent.


 Until now.


 “Oh Fang Yuan, since you obtained the acknowledgement of Ying Wu Xie, I will try and accept you as the leader of Shadow Sect!”


 “Let me help you to refine the Immortal Gu.”


 This was where Sixth Hair could help Fang Yuan the most.


 Even though exposing his talent would be risky and attract Lang Ya land spirit’s suspicion, putting Sixth Hair in danger, he could not care about it now.


 Being able to help Shadow Sect would be good enough!



***
Chapter 1397 - Switching Souls with Ying Wu Xie


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 His wavy black hair flowed down to his shoulders.


 He had a tall nose, his lips were sharp like blades, he was currently pressing his lips together lightly, showing a cold and cool demeanor.


 It was Ying Wu Xie’s soul.


 Now, he had already left the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, his soul was floating in the air.


 “This body?” Ying Wu Xie frowned, looking at the ice coffin in front of him.


 This ice coffin was emitting frost energy at all times, it was translucent like a crystal, a Gu Immortal was sealed inside.


 Her body was small and dainty, she was like a little girl wearing a flowery green dress, there were two pearl earrings hanging on her ears, as if water was inside the pearls, there were green ripples inside when they shook.


 Her eyes were shut, with Bai Ning Bing sealing her in the ice, even the thoughts in her mind were frozen, her life was in their hands.


 This female immortal was none other than the Western Desert Gu Immortal who, out of lack of knowledge, did not flee from Fang Yuan immediately and got captured by Bai Ning Bing — Fairy Cui Bo.


 Seeing Ying Wu Xie’s hesitation, Fang Yuan urged: “In this situation, how can we find another suitable body for you? Just use this for now.”


 Ying Wu Xie nodded: “Sigh, this is the only way, let’s start!”


 Fang Yuan waved his right hand as a rank seven Immortal Gu flew out from his hand.


 This Immortal Gu was like a swan’s egg, it was translucent, and from the outside, jade light could be seen in it. When it was close, Fang Yuan could feel a bone chilling coldness emitting from this Immortal Gu.


 This cold was different from the frost of the ice coffin.


 The ice coffin’s coldness was bone piercing, but this Immortal Gu’s coldness was targeted directly at the soul.


 Ying Wu Xie’s soul shuddered uncontrollably when this Immortal Gu came out.


 On the other end, Bai Ning Bing watched quietly, her gaze was attracted to this rank seven Immortal Gu.


 “This is change soul Immortal Gu?” Bai Ning Bing thought to herself.


 Indeed, it was change soul Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu’s history was quite complex.


 It was first refined by Green of Spectral Soul’s first generation split souls.


 It was then passed to Spirit Affinity House’s Fairy Mo Yao.


 To save her lover Bo Qing, Mo Yao used Change Soul to swap her soul with Bo Qing.


 Bo Qing’s remnant soul was saved by Shadow Sect and hidden inside Central Continent’s Earth Abyss, they tried healing him but his injuries were too severe, he was captured by Heavenly Court in the end.


 Meanwhile, Mo Yao’s remnant soul was left inside Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, and change soul Immortal Gu, as well as Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu, were all left behind.


 After this, Fang Yuan went into Falling Heavenly River and used Mo Yao’s will to lure out some Immortal Gu, including change soul Immortal Gu.


 But even though Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom to refine these Immortal Gu, he knew nothing about change soul Immortal Gu.


 Only when Star Constellation heaven’s will directed Fang Yuan and gave him a powerful killer move for switching souls, did Fang Yuan learn about its effect.


 Fang Yuan switched souls in his dream and took over Ying Wu Xie’s body at the most crucial moment, he successfully plotted against Spectral Soul and took away sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 One could say, during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect lost completely and Fang Yuan managed to turn it around for himself, this change soul Immortal Gu played a crucial role!


 And now, this Immortal Gu was used once again, but this time, Fang Yuan was not dealing with Shadow Sect, he was helping it. He had even become the leader of Shadow Sect himself!


 Events in life were truly unpredictable.


 Before this, be it Fang Yuan or Shadow Sect, who could have expected this outcome?


 Under the effect of Change Soul, Ying Wu Xie’s soul and Fairy Cui Bo’s soul were switched.


 “What are you doing? What have you done with me?” Fairy Cui Bo’s soul left the ice coffin and woke up, screaming in terror.


 But she lacked a body, even though her soul was screaming, the only thing that came out would be meaningless screeches to a person’s ear.


 Of course, Fang Yuan understood them.


 He had soul language Gu worms, they were mortal Gu and he possessed a huge quantity of them, inherited from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan snickered, waving lightly towards Fairy Cui Bo’s soul.


 Fairy Cui Bo felt an irresistible force as she floated towards Fang Yuan’s hand.


 “No—!” She screamed loudly, her voice was so shrill that even Bai Ning Bing frowned lightly.


 At the next moment, she was stuffed into the sovereign immortal aperture by Fang Yuan’s method.


 Even though Bai Ning Bing had already soul searched Fairy Cui Bo and she had no secrets left, her Gu Immortal soul itself could be used.


 Dang Hun Mountain was an effective way to use her.


 Gu Immortal souls, especially human Gu Immortal souls with higher cultivation level, would have deeper foundations, after they were smashed on Dang Hun Mountain, the guts Gu produced would be higher in quantity.


 But now, Fang Yuan had other methods to deal with her.


 Thanks to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, there were many soul path methods recorded inside, one of them was a way to refine a Gu Immortal soul into a human shaped soul beast.


 Fairy Cui Bo, with rank seven cultivation level, would become an ancient soul beast.


 If Fang Yuan refined her into a soul beast, he did not need to use any enslavement path methods, he could make her obey him with absolute loyalty.


 After becoming the leader of Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan’s greatest gain was in methods and killer moves. Even though there were many immortal materials and Immortal Gu, their value in total was still lower.


 But these methods needed time to be converted into true battle strength.


 And Fang Yuan was now facing the pursuit of enemies, he lacked time.


 Fairy Cui Bo’s soul was suppressed, and Fang Yuan stored away change soul Immortal Gu, at this time, Bai Ning Bing let out ‘Fairy Cui Bo’ from the ice coffin.


 Or rather, it was Ying Wu Xie inside Fairy Cui Bo’s body.


 “So cold.” Ying Wu Xie muttered, he was still covered in frost.


 Bai Ning Bing gave a wave, the frost on Ying Wu Xie’s body vanished.


 Ying Wu Xie expressed his gratitude before receiving a large number of Gu worms from Fang Yuan.


 He received a large amount of mortal Gu and Immortal Gu, as well as immortal essence stones.


 “You still want me to use lead soul into dream?” Ying Wu Xie saw these Gu worms and was surprised.


 “Take them, I already know about lead soul into dream. This killer move is too complex, I cannot master it in a short time, we were hit by Heavenly Court’s investigative killer move earlier, we need your battle strength!” Fang Yuan said calmly.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded deeply, his eyes were shining as he clenched his fists: “Sect leader, you are right, I will not let you down!”


 Bai Ning Bing had a look of suspicion in her gaze.


 Even though Ying Wu Xie regained his morale, his personality seemed to have changed.


 Fang Yuan nodded in agreement, but he understood.


 Wisdom path had thoughts, wills, and emotions. Ying Wu Xie was originally depressed, but because his fighting spirit was renewed, his personality had changed slightly, it was natural.


 “Sect leader, what are we going to do next? Tell us!”


 “Even if we are attacking Heavenly Court, I will follow you!”


 “Damn these righteous path scoundrels, I will kill all of them!!”


 Ying Wu Xie said as he waved his arms, he was extremely excited, his huge plump chest was bouncing up and down in response.


 Fang Yuan pondered: “Heavenly Court’s pursuit is the problem I want to address. They are the people most familiar with our information, the Gu Immortals they send will definitely be too strong for us to resist.”


 Fang Yuan thought of this as he frowned.


 He thought of Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge said that he had met Fang Yuan and the others because he was pursuing an Immortal Gu related to Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 But their encounter was simply too coincidental.


 Was Feng Jiu Ge the back up plan of Heavenly Court?


 It seemed like it, yet not really.


 Fang Yuan thought in their shoes: “If I were Heavenly Court, I would do my best to deal with the remnant forces of Shadow Sect, and deal a fatal blow. Sending Feng Jiu Ge seems to be a poor decision.”


 Fang Yuan did not understand this.


 There was little chance of Heavenly Court making a mistake.


 Heavenly Court dealt with Shadow Sect and attacked twice with great effect. The first was during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, and the second was the battle of the giant dream realm.


 These were two crucial battles, because of Heavenly Court’s interference, Shadow Sect lost and Spectral Soul’s hundred thousand year plan was foiled.


 “I became the leader of Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court immediately makes a careless mistake? No, there is something that I am not understanding.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 At the same time, someone emerged from Western Desert’s regional wall.


 He had a tall body, sharp brows and bright eyes, his expression was warm and he had a graceful demeanor, making people feel admiration towards him.


 It was Feng Jiu Ge!


 “With such a rank eight Immortal Gu, crossing the regional wall is countless times easier now.” Feng Jiu Ge looked behind, recalling the scene earlier.


 Two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals suddenly appeared and stopped Feng Jiu Ge’s and Wu Yong’s battle.


 Heavenly Court returned the Gu worms of Southern Border’s righteous path, and because Wu Yong was already injured, he accepted this result and left.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you have already vowed upon it, from now on, go pursue Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect.”


 “This rank eight Immortal Gu will be lent to you, in the future, when you face rank eight Gu Immortals, it will not be so difficult.”


 “But against Fang Yuan, you need to be careful of one thing.” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals instructed Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge was confused, asking: “What do you mean?”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had dark gazes: “Fang Yuan is a complete otherworldly demon, he needs to be killed. But it is not enough to kill him.”


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s chosen pawn is Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan has Spring Autumn Cicada and is now the leader of Shadow Sect, he will definitely head to the River of Time and find the stone lotus islands to inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritance is hidden deep in the River of Time, it is incredibly concealed.”


 “Pursue Fang Yuan and force him to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance, before destroying him along with Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze flickered, he finally understood Heavenly Court’s true objective.


 “Fang Yuan, Red Lotus’ true inheritance...”


 Back in reality, Feng Jiu Ge muttered as he flew into the sky, directly towards the location where Fang Yuan and the others were hiding.



***
Chapter 1398 - Thousand Transformations Ancestor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sun was blazing, the rays were like countless arrows shooting down at this majestic desert.


 On this desert, there were countless sand statues.


 These statues made from sand had the forms of humans or beasts, some were fighting while some were lying down, looking like they were on their final breaths.


 There were larger and smaller sand statues, but the smallest one was tens of feet tall.


 Countless statues formed a forest of sand statues, it was a grand sight.


 It was the myriad statue desert!


 This desert was huge, there were countless sand statues in it, everyone in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world knew about it.


 It had a long history, it was formed during the Olden Antiquity Era, and had been around for over a million years.


 This desert was formed from a particularly important situation in human history.


 It was during Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s era, a huge battle was fought here between humans and variant humans, after a hundred days and night, rivers of blood flowed, almost turning into a sea.


 During that era, transformation path was the mainstream path.


 In the battle, humans won a pyrrhic victory, be it the humans or the variant humans, large numbers of Gu Immortals died here.


 Their immortal fetuses formed into blessed lands, their dao marks spread out and changed the environment.


 Gradually, this became the myriad statue desert. The sand moved on its own, growing like trees at a slow rate each year, eventually turning into huge statues.


 This was the former location of the great battle where the different races fought from day until night, countless life forms died. But fortune and disaster coexisted, this place became a sanctuary for cultivation as it was now filled with resources.


 Every sand statue was an immortal material filled with transformation path dao marks if it was at least sixty feet tall.


 There were no longer any blessed lands here, after a million years, these blessed lands were either destroyed by tribulations or taken by Gu Immortals.


 But here, there were countless wild Gu worms and even wild Immortal Gu.


 Nobody would step here rashly.


 Because the environment was too dense with dao marks, mortals could not traverse the desert, it was too dangerous for them.


 As for Western Desert Gu Immortals, they would also make a detour when they came here.


 Because of one person.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor!


 This rank eight Gu Immortal, specialized in transformation path, had been here for a thousand years.


 The might of rank eight deterred everyone from antagonizing him.


 Myriad statue desert was Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s territory, any Gu Immortal who entered without his permission would need to prepare to face the fury of a rank eight.


 Deep below the desert, in Myriad Statue Palace.


 Deep within the palace, in an eerie dark corner, there was a painful cry that could be heard.


 “Ahhhhhh—!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor raised his head and screamed, he seemed to be in great pain, his expression was terrifying.


 Every time he shouted, sound waves could be seen spreading outwards.


 But when these sound waves landed on the palace walls, there would be a veil of light that absorbed all the sound waves rapidly.


 Because of these walls isolating him, all of the commotion from Thousand Transformations Ancestor could not be felt outside.


 Pain!


 Intense pain!


 An unbearable pain was assaulting Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s mind and body.


 His forehead had popping veins, he could not take it anymore, he rolled around the ground in pain.


 If any other Gu Immortal saw this, they would be deeply shocked. What was the reason that made Thousand Transformations Ancestor suffer such intense torture, to have lost all of his rank eight demeanor?


 Cling, clang!


 More than ten thick chains coiled around Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s body, his four limbs were connected to chains that stabbed deeply into the surrounding walls.


 Seeing this, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was actually imprisoned?!


 “No, this cannot continue, I am going to go crazy completely, the intense pain will engulf all my reason and make me a lunatic! Rank eight myriad tribulation, even the first one is so terrifying, how can I deal with the next two?”


 Damn it!


 The final bit of clarity in Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s eyes struggled.


 Using this last bit of sanity, Thousand Transformations Ancestor made his choice!


 Immortal killer move — Cutting Flesh Transformation!


 He activated his killer move, he was extremely familiar with this move, at the crucial moment, even though he was in deep pain, the activation did not fail.


 This rank eight immortal killer move had grand aura.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s immortal body started to expand.


 Like he was a balloon, he became larger and larger, from a muscular middle aged man into a round and fat meatball.


 The fat Thousand Transformations Ancestor shook his body as soft sounds could be heard from within him.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh...


 Along with the sound, a meat lump appeared on the side of his neck.


 The meat lump became larger and larger, it inflated like a balloon.


 His pain intensified!


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor gritted his teeth, his face had swollen up, his eyes could not be seen anymore.


 Guh.


 Soon, after the meat lump on his neck grew to the size of a face, it reached its limits and exploded.


 The meat lump exploded as yellow pus splattered, a year beast jumped out and landed on the ground.


 Woof woof woof!


 After this year beast landed, it started to bark, it was a dog year beast.


 And its aura was not weak, it was a desolate year beast.


 After the dog year beast landed on the ground, Thousand Transformations Ancestor felt a bit of relief. It was as if he was carrying a mountain on his back, and now, a rock had been lifted off that mountain.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh...


 Next, on Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s body, more meat lumps appeared.


 Puff puff puff.


 In a short time, these meat lumps expanded and exploded, as pus oozed out and year beasts appeared.


 Chicken, monkey, sheep, rabbit, all sorts of year beasts appeared.


 These year beasts were not just desolate beast level, there were also some ancient year beasts.


 After some time, the year beasts gathered and attacked Thousand Transformations Ancestor!


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was not surprised, his expression became more relaxed instead.


 His pain was greatly reduced, even though it was still painful, it was at a bearable level now.


 Against the attack of a dozen year beasts, Thousand Transformations Ancestor snorted as he willed.


 Cling clang!


 Countless thick chains shot out from the surrounding walls at lightning speed.


 In the blink of an eye, all of the year beasts were captured and suppressed, no matter how they struggled inside the palace.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor let out a breath of air: “I can finally catch a breather.”


 He grabbed the snake year beast closest to him and observed it with his methods.


 The snake year beast continued to hiss as it exposed its tongue, it wanted to bite Thousand Transformations Ancestor but was restrained and could not move.


 A moment later, Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s expression was unchanged, but he was deeply shocked.


 “I used all my methods earlier, but this snake year beast still has such great animosity against me, it wants me dead.”


 “My cutting flesh transformation is one of the styles of an immortal killer move from Reckless Savage true inheritance, suicide transformation. Whenever I use it, life forms would be produced from my body, regardless of form, they will be manipulated like my limbs, I can use them freely. Because they are a portion of my body to begin with.”


 “But these year beasts were produced from my body, yet I cannot control them, even with all my methods, they are useless.”


 “Such an amazing myriad tribulation!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s forehead produced a drop of sweat.


 He thought about his tribulation half a month ago, he was still feeling lingering fear from it.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had to go through three myriad tribulations.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had just gone through the first.


 “If not for this Immortal Gu House left behind by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, I would not be able to survive the first myriad tribulation at all. Even though I passed it now, I am still severely injured, I had to use cutting flesh transformation to cut my losses short.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to find some other way around it, but after half a month, he reached his limit and could not endure it anymore.


 Without a choice, he could only use cutting flesh transformation to discard a portion of his immortal body, and get rid of the part of his body that was heavily injured.


 This time, he met with a time path myriad tribulation, the injuries on him were all of time path dao marks.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor got rid of all these time path dao marks using cutting flesh transformation, abandoning them.


 This way, the cutting flesh transformation turned them into year beasts.


 And because they were filled with heaven’s will, these year beasts were not under his control, they were his enemies.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor felt great loss.


 The costs were too severe.


 Not just the near catastrophic damage to his immortal aperture from the myriad tribulation.


 Looking at the dao marks he lost from cutting flesh transformation, not only did he lose the time path dao marks, he even lost his own transformation path dao marks.


 The dao marks losses were too huge.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor counted, after this myriad tribulation, not only did he not have any growth in dao marks, he even made a small loss instead!


 “This means, I was better off not going through the tribulation?”


 Thinking of this, the experienced Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s heart felt some bitterness.


 He sighed deeply.


 It could not be helped.


 In the past, he had cultivated boldly and advanced quickly, facing his myriad tribulation, he had stalled it until recently, when he could no longer stall it anymore.


 Even though he passed the myriad tribulation, Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s foundation did not grow, he even became weaker in terms of dao marks.


 “I was wrong.”


 “A thousand years ago, by relying on this Reckless Savage true inheritance, I thought I would progress unhindered.”


 “Earthly calamities, heavenly tribulations, grand tribulations, I got through all of them easily, but the myriad tribulation is a completely different story!”


 “I underestimated the myriad tribulation’s power. These last years, I had unknowingly gotten more arrogant, this injury is both a blessing and a disaster to me.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a rank eight expert, he was naturally an incredible person.


 He recalled his experiences and reflected on himself after this severe loss.


 Right at this time, outside the palace, a female immortal’s voice could be heard: “Lord husband, something happened. Sister Cui Bo’s life tablet Gu was broken, her soul lantern Gu has turned dim. She went to translocation desert, but none of us can contact her now, this is too important, I had no choice but to inform you!”



***
Chapter 1399 - Selling Year Beasts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What?”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor heard this and became furious.


 Even though he had many wives and concubines, among them, he doted on his third concubine, Fairy Cui Bo, the most.


 Who did not know that in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world?


 Now that Fairy Cui Bo was in trouble, if it was intentional, then these Gu Immortal culprits were simply looking down on Thousand Transformations Ancestor!


 There were two possibilities.


 The first was that the attacking Gu Immortal had a strong background, similar to that of a rank eight great expert, they were not afraid of Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 The other possibility was that the inheritance of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was too alluring, the value was tremendous, greed led to killing intent, and they took that risk at the spur of the moment.


 “I’ll repress it.” Thousand Transformations Ancestor breathed in deeply, holding down his anger for now.


 He could not go out in this situation.


 There were still meat lumps growing on his body, continuing to produce year beasts.


 He needed to heal himself.


 If he left now and met any rank eights, his weakness would be exposed.


 “I occupy myriad statue desert, everyone knows I obtained Reckless Savage’s true inheritance. If my weak state is exposed, everyone will want to attack me, I need to lay low for now, I’ll let Hong Yun 1 deal with it.”


 Thinking of this, Thousand Transformations Ancestor transmitted outside: “Hong Yun, set off now, find Cui Bo and save her.”


 The female immortal outside said in fear: “Lord husband, I have low battle strength, my safety is secondary, but if I fail to achieve your objective, that will be worse.”


 “No worries, I will lend you a rank eight Immortal Gu along with my will and immortal essence. Don’t worry and go.” Thousand Transformations Ancestor said as a slit opened in the door, a lump of will carrying a rank eight Immortal Gu as well as some immortal essence flew out.


 The female immortal, Hong Yun, was overjoyed, she bowed three times: “This concubine understands.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor asked Hong Yun to leave as his thoughts went back to his problem.


 Even though he loved Fairy Cui Bo, the bigger concern was himself. There were more and more year beasts in this palace, Thousand Transformations Ancestor frowned deeply.


 “These year beasts are either desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts.”


 “But they are filled with heaven’s will and are my enemies, I cannot use them!”


 “Rather than killing them for immortal materials... I might as well sell them inside treasure yellow heaven.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had no other choice.


 This myriad tribulation expended almost all of his foundation. His immortal aperture was a mess now, and so was his body, his battle strength was lower than before he went through the myriad tribulation.


 And the most infuriating thing was, even though he passed the myriad tribulation, he had lost dao marks instead of gaining them.


 “Gu Immortal cultivation is truly increasingly difficult.”


 “Even though I had Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, I still faced such great danger during the myriad tribulation.”


 “No wonder there are only ten rank nine Gu Immortals throughout the long history of humanity. Sigh!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor sighed deeply as he stuffed a desolate level year beast into his immortal aperture.


 Using the immortal aperture, he sent this year beast into treasure yellow heaven.


 Any item, when placed into treasure yellow heaven, would emit treasure light.


 Although Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s desolate level year beast was not a genuine one, being formed from his flesh, and created from heaven’s will and time path dao marks, after entering treasure yellow heaven, it emitted an incredibly large treasure light.


 This treasure light attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals.


 Some were Gu Immortal wills while others were the divine senses of Gu Immortals undergoing transaction.


 “How are you selling this year beast?” Soon, Gu Immortals approached him.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor smiled and replied: “No hurry, no hurry.”


 Soon after, he stuffed a portion of the year beasts into treasure yellow heaven again.


 Year beasts were rare in the first place. Especially when they lived inside the River of Time. Be it the five regions or the two heavens, they were rarely seen. Entering the River of Time was far harder than entering black heaven and white heaven. Only time path rank eight great experts could enter freely.


 Right now, Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to sell so many year beasts, and they were not ordinary beasts, they were all desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, treasure yellow heaven went into a commotion.


 “There is a Gu Immortal selling large numbers of year beasts suddenly, go take a look.”


 “These year beasts have such high quality, it is astounding.”


 “It is hard to imagine that someone raised so many year beasts. This person must be a time path great expert!”


 The Gu Immortals conversed and guessed.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was rather satisfied, he created such a commotion and watched as it spread, soon, more and more Gu Immortals will pay attention to this.


 “These year beasts are pure and natural. I have not used any enslavement methods on them from the start. You can see for yourselves.” Thousand Transformations Ancestor explained.


 The Gu Immortals took a look and found that it was true, they quickly asked for the price.


 “No rush, no rush.” Thousand Transformations Ancestor stalled.


 He was waiting.


 These year beasts were not true wild beasts, they were flesh of his body, formed from the might of the myriad tribulation. There were differences between them and natural year beasts.


 Normal year beasts could be enslaved, but these year beasts filled with heaven’s will could not. Even if anyone could do it, they would have to be incredible experts, having extraordinary methods.


 Thus, Thousand Transformations Ancestor needed to sell them all in the shortest time possible.


 This could not be a sustained trade.


 As time passes, everyone would find out this problem and announce it, his business will suffer greatly.


 “Hopefully, one buyer offers a high price and buy all these year beasts!” Thousand Transformations Ancestor was thinking about the best case scenario.


 He wanted to sell it to those super forces or rank eight Gu Immortals.


 More and more year beasts were put up in treasure yellow heaven by Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 The Gu Immortals were gasping, thinking that this was a huge trade, for the last fifty thousand years, this was an extremely large number of year beasts sold.


 Seeing that more people were coming, Thousand Transformations Ancestor announced: “I don’t like trouble, whoever buys more, I will sell to them first. For the price, I will sell according to the treasure light of each year beast, this is a fair and impartial trade.”


 Once he said that, the secluded cultivators and lone cultivators begrudged.


 But some emerged to ask about the transaction and price.


 They were either rank eight great experts or representatives of super forces.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor negotiated with these people closely, his mind went back to a calm state, at this rate of sales, after he sells all the year beasts, he would earn quite a bit!


 He might even be able to recoup his losses.


 Feng Jiu Ge was flying in the sky.


 It was a clear sky with no clouds anywhere.


 Looking down, he saw that sand dunes were moving around, flowing slowly. What made Feng Jiu Ge comfortable was that this desert was not void of life, there was vegetation in it.


 Some were cactus pointers, some were arrow shrubs, and some were white teeth flowers, bringing some life to the desert.


 These were all common vegetation in Western Desert.


 The cactus pointer was very much like a cactus, there were pin-like leaves on it. The cactus pointer had the shape of a human hand, some were clenched while others were pointing their index fingers, some were curling their pinky or raising their middle fingers, they pointed in all directions.


 Arrow shrubs were the most common shrub in Western Desert. They had long and thick branches, they were about ten feet tall while some could reach thirty feet, even taller than houses. Under the arrow shrubs were some sand worms, and even wild Gu.


 As for white teeth flowers, they were like sunflowers at the size of a face, looking at the sun to absorb sunlight. Around the flowers, there were orange-yellow petals, and at the center of the flower, there were rows of white teeth, lined together in a packed fashion. Under the light of the sun, they shined with a milky luster.


 This was the special scenery of Western Desert, Feng Jiu Ge enjoyed it very much.


 His main attention was ahead of him.


 “I am close, Fang Yuan and the rest are nearby.” Feng Jiu Ge started to descend.


 Soon, he went down and landed on the hot desert surface.


 He flew down rapidly, but from start to finish, there was no commotion, no wind had formed at all.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked around, a brilliant light flashed in his eyes, he had a discovery.


 “There is an illusion formation here!”


 This illusion formation could not be destroyed, even though it was a mortal formation, destroying it would alert them.


 Feng Jiu Ge thought about it, he found that this illusion formation did not isolate the air of the inside and outside.


 A gust of wind blew.


 Feng Jiu Ge stretched out his arm and squeezed.


 He actually grabbed the wind with his hand.


 Next, an immortal killer move was secretly activated in his hand, the aura was completely concealed.


 Finally, Feng Jiu Ge opened his hand as the wind in his grasp was placed towards his chest.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh...


 Next, wind moved around his entire body, it was no different from the earlier natural breeze.


 Under the force of this wind, he moved quickly and went past the illusion formation, getting to the core of the Gu formation.


 His field of vision changed.


 A huge sand whirlpool took over Feng Jiu Ge’s sight.


 Loud crashing noises could be heard around his ears, Feng Jiu Ge felt like he was in the middle of a waterfall.


 The rising smoke felt like the water vapor of the waterfall.


 The entire sand whirlpool was huge and grand.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked around, he did not discover Fang Yuan and the rest, he directed his gaze towards the center of the sand whirlpool.


 There was a deep dark hole there.


 After investigating it, Feng Jiu Ge did not hesitate, he jumped into the hole.


 The hole was formed from spiraling sand, Feng Jiu Ge flew downward alone, the tunnel was quite big for one person.


 Deep into the sand hole, Feng Jiu Ge soon found himself in darkness.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not see anything but it did not matter, his investigative methods were not few, they were very useful.


 This darkness could not stop him.


 “Time path aura!” Feng Jiu Ge’s heart jumped, he knew he was at the right place.


 This could be a tributary of the River of Time. If Fang Yuan followed the tributary of the River of Time, he could enter the River of Time and find Red Lotus’ true inheritance!



***
Chapter 1400 - Year Beast Army


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The tunnel deep within the center of the sand whirlpool seemed to extend endlessly underground.


 The deeper Feng Jiu Ge went, the more he could feel the time path aura getting denser.


 Suddenly, from the darkness, there was a shining spark.


 Inside the darkness, this light was extremely eye catching, it was shining in a brass color.


 “A wild mortal Gu?” Feng Jiu Ge flew closer and saw a rank three day Gu.


 Day Gu looked like a shell with a size of a child’s palm, it was round with two fins on its sides. The fins moved around as the shell swam in the darkness gently.


 Compared to year beasts, day Gu was much more common, it could be found anywhere in the five regions and two heavens.


 What got Feng Jiu Ge’s attention was the fact that the River of Time was filled with a vast number of day Gu, month Gu, and year Gu to begin with.


 There were wild day Gu here, was there a tributary of the River of Time like he thought?


 Tributaries of the River of Time were a commonly seen yet rare cultivation resource.


 Commonly seen because every Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture had a tributary of the River of Time, it allowed time to flow within the immortal aperture’s world.


 But rare because inside the five regions and two heavens, there were few tributaries of the River of Time, yet their scale was much larger than those inside immortal apertures. Once they appeared, super forces would fight for them using great strength. If lone immortals found them, they would try to conceal them and use them to gain a fortune themselves.


 Not only were time path Gu worms needed by time path Gu Masters or Gu Immortals, they were very widely used in Gu refinement.


 For example, day Gu, this rank three day Gu has three days worth of time in it.


 If one had the relevant refinement path method, by expending this rank three day Gu, they could shorten the time needed for Gu refinement by three days.


 There were also time path lifespan extension methods using day Gu, month Gu, and year Gu to increase lifespan. Of course, these methods had flaws and would carve time path dao marks in the person’s body. When these dao marks accumulated, they would not be able to use lifespan Gu in the future.


 But lifespan Gu were hard to find, if one did not have any, and their lifespan was at its end, would they not use these methods?


 “If there is a tributary of the River of Time here, Shadow Sect must have found it and secretly hid it here.” Feng Jiu Ge continued to delve deeper.


 Soon, he saw more and more wild time path Gu worms.


 Day Gu, month Gu, year Gu and more.


 A white ripple of light appeared in front of Feng Jiu Ge.


 This ripple was the size of a bed, it was like the ripples on the surface of a lake, completely silent.


 Feng Jiu Ge slowed down cautiously.


 This was a ripple of time.


 A special phenomenon.


 Like wind in the desert, fog in the mountains, and rain from the sky.


 Ripples of time were a natural phenomenon as well.


 Any life form which entered a ripple of time would be affected. Their time would become faster, they would grow older more quickly. They could also become slower, the world would seem to ‘move faster’ from their perspective.


 But regardless of fast or slow, their lifespan would be shaved away.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not dare to test it, he slowed down and detoured around it.


 After leaving the ripple of time, Feng Jiu Ge let out a breath of air, he was even more certain now that there was a tributary of the River of Time here.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals have already pointed out to him that Red Lotus’ true inheritance was hidden in the stone lotus islands, if Fang Yuan wanted to inherit it, he would need to enter the River of Time, and to get into the River of Time, the best way was to find a tributary of the River of Time.


 This tributary of the River of Time was like an entrance, it had to be big enough to enter. The tributary of the River of Time in a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture was not big enough.


 Only a tributary of the River of Time in the five regions and two heavens had an almost similar rate at which time flowed as the River of Time, it could allow Gu Immortals to enter.


 More and more ripples of time started to appear in front of Feng Jiu Ge.


 The deeper he went, the larger the tunnel became.


 At first, there were only a few time path mortal Gu, but they increased in numbers, when he got to the deepest part, there were Gu worm groups of at least a hundred per group.


 The time path aura was getting denser, Feng Jiu Ge could even hear the sound of flowing water.


 Next, in his vision, he saw a long line.


 As Feng Jiu Ge got closer, this line got larger, until it became the form of a river.


 “A tributary of the River of Time!” Feng Jiu Ge’s heart shook, it was indeed here.


 “But where are Fang Yuan and the others?” Feng Jiu Ge had just thought of this when a figure emerged from a ripple of time near him, pouncing at him.


 Feng Jiu Ge immediately dodged as bright light shined in his eyes.


 An immortal killer move was instantly activated.


 Sound path — Silence Surpasses Sound!


 Feng Jiu Ge cultivated sound path and aspired to create nine songs to represent everything in this world. He had already created seven songs currently, separation song was one of them.


 But other than his seven songs, he also had other sound path methods.


 Sound path killer move silence surpasses sound was one of them.


 Feng Jiu Ge had practised it a lot, he was extremely familiar with it, his activation succeeded instantly.


 He started to punch with his fist and strike with his palm, attacking the black shadow from a distance.


 This was a killer move, with his fist as the drum fist, and his palm as the bell palm, it was the content of Spirit Affinity House’s Three Sounds true inheritance.


 Within the Three Sounds true inheritance, other than drum fist and bell palm, there was also whistle finger. But Feng Jiu Ge had not learned it yet, he had only practised this with the aim of covering some shortages of methods in battle.


 That huge shadow monster was growling from Feng Jiu Ge’s attacks.


 But the strange thing was, its growling vanished the moment it opened its mouth.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s drum fist created drumming noises, while his bell palm created bell chimes. But at this moment, there was no sound produced here.


 Soon, Feng Jiu Ge had the upper hand, his attacks became fiercer as the monster became dazed from the attacks, it could not retaliate.


 Feng Jiu Ge also saw that the thing that assaulted him was a year beast.


 Monkey year beast.


 And it was only a desolate beast, it was not an ancient desolate beast. Otherwise, it would not be suppressed so easily.


 Feng Jiu Ge squinted.


 In the River of Time, not only were there wild time path Gu worms, there were also wild beasts and plants. Year beasts were rare in the five regions, but they were common in the River of Time.


 But...


 Was this desolate level year beast arranged by Fang Yuan, or was it truly wild?


 Feng Jiu Ge was considering this problem.


 The answer to this would mean that Fang Yuan had either found his traces or not.


 “Year beast...” Fang Yuan watched the battle as he connected to treasure yellow heaven.


 In treasure yellow heaven, there were actually people selling year beasts openly, this was very rare.


 Fang Yuan was deeply enticed.


 These year beasts were either desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, if he could buy them and enslave them, they would be a huge force.


 Don’t forget about his hundred and eighty slaves immortal killer move.


 By then, using these year beasts and hundred and eighty slaves killer move, Fang Yuan could even enslave immemorial year beasts!


 Even though he lost the upper extreme heavenly eagle, if he could get immemorial year beasts, Fang Yuan would get another rank eight battle strength.


 But the problem was, the seller wanted to make huge transactions.


 Fang Yuan naturally wanted to buy all of the year beasts, but he was not the only one.


 His greatest weakness was that he did not have enough funds, if he wanted to buy the year beasts, he would need to sell the desolate beast eagles and ancient desolate beast eagles he bought earlier.


 Of course, Fang Yuan could sell Immortal Gu.


 But he would not do that unless he had no choice.


 During the battle of the dream realm, Fang Yuan had to do that to survive, but now, it was not a situation of life and death. 

 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was making his decision now.


 He received many offers, but there were only three that moved him.


 One directly offered immortal essence stones, a vast number of them, it was hard to imagine that someone would actually have so many immortal essence stones, even Thousand Transformations Ancestor was shocked.


 The second one offered a lot of immortal materials of all kinds, what moved Thousand Transformations Ancestor was that among them were a lot of transformation path immortal materials.


 The third buyer was also very sincere, he wanted to use eagle beasts to exchange for year beasts. Thousand Transformations Ancestor was currently cultivating a type of eagle transformation, this buyer’s offer suited him.


 While Thousand Transformations Ancestor was hesitating, one of the three buyers offered a new high price.


 “They are willing to offer Immortal Gu?!” Thousand Transformations Ancestor was shocked and surprised, he did not hesitate anymore, he agreed to the transaction.


 All of the year beasts were sold to one Gu Immortal.


 The transaction ended quickly, be it the buyer’s deep foundation and offer, or Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s quick decision, they were shocking.


 Western Desert, inside the moving sand tunnel.


 Chirp chirp chirp!


 The monkey year beast screamed shrilly.


 But its screams vanished due to Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move.


 In this silent battle, the monkey year beast could not resist Feng Jiu Ge, it was brutally slaughtered.


 Feng Jiu Ge inspected and found that this monkey year beast was truly a wild desolate beast, he took it as his spoils of battle and kept it in his immortal aperture.


 The entire battle only lasted for a short while.


 Feng Jiu Ge had evidently not used his true power, eliminating a desolate level year beast was too simple.


 He did not need to rest, he continued to travel towards the tributary of the River of Time.


 The closer he got, the clearer the tributary of the River of Time became.


 River water was flowing, ripples were shining, the river was silently moving in this darkness.


 Howl! Howl!


 Suddenly, from the tributary of the River of Time, several year beasts flew out and attacked Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge was slightly shocked.


 “I was discovered?” Earlier at that instant, he felt the aura of an immortal killer move.


 The year beasts that attacked were quite powerful, there were five desolate level year beasts and three ancient year beasts!


 Feng Jiu Ge snorted, his battle intent surged.


 Since he was discovered, he no longer needed to restrain himself in battle.


 “Come out Fang Yuan.” Feng Jiu Ge lightly called out.


 But at the next moment, his pupils shrunk.


 More year beasts were coming out from the tributary of the River of Time. In an instant, there were more than ten year beasts.


 And more were continuing to attack as they came out of the tributary of the River of Time!


 “What is going on? Is there a group of year beasts near this tributary of the River of Time?”



***
Chapter 1401 - Enslavement After Victorious Fight


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Large numbers of year beasts, chicken, sheep, monkey, dog, pig, horse, tiger, rabbit, they bore their fangs and claws as they attacked Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge was soon encircled.


 But he was daring and courageous, his expression did not change, he was still calm and composed.


 “Come at me!” He shouted, his body shook as he used an immortal killer move.


 Ding ding ding...


 There was a clear crisp sound in the battlefield.


 It was like countless jade pearls landing on a jade plate.


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 The year beasts closer to him suffered injuries, they were corroded by the song as they quickly turned into green jade stones.


 The year beasts’ ferocious attacks were immediately resisted.


 But soon, from the year beast group, eight ancient year beasts emerged.


 Dragon, snake, tiger, ox, they attacked Feng Jiu Ge from four directions.


 Feng Jiu Ge snorted, the sound waves around him grew more intense, around him, a green jade sound wave pushed towards his surroundings.


 Boom boom boom!


 The eight ancient year beasts were pushed back to their original places by these intense sound waves.


 Before they landed, they were turned into jade statues as they shattered, dying as they broke into small jade pieces.


 “Green jade song is so powerful!” The Shadow Sect immortals lying in ambush saw this and expressed their shock.


 Only Fang Yuan’s expression did not change.


 He knew some intel.


 He knew about the battle between Qin Bai Sheng and Feng Jiu Ge thanks to Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance.


 “Feng Jiu Ge’s green jade song has gotten much stronger since the battle of Luo Po Valley. It seems he has improved it a lot.”


 “Green jade song is secondary, but if he uses submission song, half of the year beasts here would likely turn into my enemy.”


 “However, even if that happens, hehe!”


 Fang Yuan laughed internally.


 There was a lump of water in his right palm.


 This ball of water was emitting a weak eerie ripple, looking at it, it seemed to be the water of the River of Time.


 But in truth, it was a rank eight Immortal Gu —


 Years Flow Like Water!


 Indeed, this Immortal Gu obtained from Hei Fan’s true inheritance had always been sealed.


 But now, Fang Yuan had unsealed and used it.


 Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning.


 It was the same name, but the current year beast summoning was completely different from before. This was because the core was no longer year Gu, but the rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water!


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance was very detailed about this. There were two versions, year beast summoning using year Gu as the core, as well as using years flow like water Immortal Gu as the core.


 The ordinary year beast summoning could only summon one year beast. But the one that Fang Yuan was using now could summon an army of year beasts!


 Immortal killer move — Submission Song!


 Indeed, as the battle continued, Feng Jiu Ge used this incredible killer move.


 The entire place was silent.


 The song could not be heard with the ears, it was heard in every Gu Immortal’s and year beast’s mind directly.


 The year beast army went into chaos.


 Because many year beasts submitted to Feng Jiu Ge and fought against their former allies.


 Submission song encompassed wisdom path, enslavement path, sound path, and soul path, it affected the mind. The inspiration was obtained during the battle with Qin Bai Sheng when he used five finger fist heart sword.


 Many desolate level year beasts and ancient year beasts switched sides and obeyed Feng Jiu Ge.


 The battle changed intensely.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, who were watching the battle, gasped in shock.


 But Fang Yuan was still calm.


 He continued to use immortal killer move year beast summoning.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water could be used by even rank six Gu Immortals. And Fang Yuan was already experienced with using this immortal killer move, year beast summoning, he had practised it so that he could use it in battle one day!


 If one did not have huge worries, they would worry about smaller things.


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, he had preparations in advance, at this moment, he benefited greatly from it, thus he had no problems.


 “Year beast summoning will continue to summon year beasts, I want to see how many your submission song can control.”


 “At a certain stage, even immemorial year beasts will respond and come here.”


 Year beast summoning was a time path method that had the effect of enslavement path.


 And enslavement path excelled in battles of attrition.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a strong enemy, Fang Yuan was not counting on being able to kill him currently. Moreover, Feng Jiu Ge was backed by Heavenly Court, there might be other rank eight Gu Immortals hiding somewhere.


 Because of these two reasons, Fang Yuan decided to hide himself and use the year beasts to attack and expend his energy.


 An endless stream of year beasts continued to rush out of the tributary of the River of Time, responding to Fang Yuan’s call and attacking Feng Jiu Ge.


 Soon, the number of year beasts on this battlefield reached a hundred and more.


 A large number of year beasts made a circle and surrounded Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge relied on submission song to control the year beasts and avert the crisis, creating his own defensive circle within the encirclement.


 The battle was in a deadlock.


 This scene was clearly observed by Fairy Zi Wei.


 She was in Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, but using the investigative killer move, and Star Constellation Chessboard, she could observe the entire battlefield clearly.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes were flickering with thoughts.


 Killing Fang Yuan, and taking or destroying Red Lotus’ true inheritance was her main objective now.


 She had already made all the plans, Feng Jiu Ge was just a part of them.


 Even though the battle was in a deadlock, Fairy Zi Wei was aware that Feng Jiu Ge was not using his full strength. Even if he was, he still had the rank eight Immortal Gu that Heavenly Court had lent him!


 “Right now, everything is under my control.” Fairy Zi Wei willed as the image on Star Constellation Chessboard changed to another battle.


 Two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were fighting against an upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 This upper extreme heavenly eagle was the one which had escaped from Fang Yuan’s control and flew away.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle cried out, it had injuries on it.


 It did not have any Immortal Gu, even though it was an immemorial desolate beast, it was too hard to fight against two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 The battle was not in its favor.


 “This upper extreme heavenly eagle has Fang Yuan’s tracking method on it. As long as we capture it, I will be able to reverse-deduce his location.”


 “Of course, right now, Fang Yuan and the others have been hit by my investigative killer move. Capturing the upper extreme heavenly eagle is to prevent Fang Yuan from regaining control of this immemorial desolate beast in the future.”


 Fairy Zi Wei planned.


 Fang Yuan was a complete otherworldly demon, he was no longer under fate’s control, he was the biggest uncertainty in this world.


 Right now, he had Giant Sun’s true inheritance, the combination of otherworldly demon and luck path meant that these uncertainties were stacking up, leading to greater unknowns.


 Spectral Soul was captured already, Fang Yuan was now Heavenly Court’s biggest threat.


 But Heavenly Court could not use its full strength against Fang Yuan.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan had extremely strong luck, if too many people went after him, he would benefit from the misfortune instead. Only someone of similarly high luck could stop Fang Yuan’s luck path advantage from showing.


 This was the reason why Fairy Zi Wei arranged for Feng Jiu Ge to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Secondly, Heavenly Court also needed to develop.


 The great era was coming, the five regional walls would dissipate and the five regions would become one. Without any geographical obstacles, Gu Immortals could travel freely, there was sure to be chaos.


 During such unprecedented chaotic battles, Heavenly Court would be in an awkward spot.


 Because it was encircled by Southern Border, Northern Plains, Eastern Sea, and Western Desert, Central Continent was right in the middle, bordering all four regions.


 Once battle erupted, Central Continent would face great pressure, it might get into great trouble.


 Thus, Heavenly Court needed to prepare itself.


 At the same time, Star Constellation heaven’s will also instructed Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei that she needed many rank eight Gu Immortals to hibernate in the future.


 Even though Fairy Zi Wei did not understand why this was needed, she trusted Star Constellation heaven’s will and Duke Long.


 “Lady Zi Wei, there is great news!” At this time, a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal sent a letter Gu to Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei knew that this person was recently recruited, originally being a supreme elder in one of the ten great ancient sects, Yuan Qiong Du.


 Ever since the battle of the dream realm, Fairy Zi Wei had elevated multiple Gu Immortals from the ten great ancient sects to become members of Heavenly Court.


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who informed Feng Jiu Ge and were now chasing the upper extreme heavenly eagle were also such people.


 As for this Yuan Qiong Du, because he cultivated refinement path, Fairy Zi Wei tasked him with the mission of repairing fate Gu.


 “What good news?” Fairy Zi Wei asked.


 “I have bought a batch of year beasts in treasure yellow heaven. The seller might not know, but these year beasts are different from normal year beasts, they are filled with heaven’s will. I can use these year beasts as immortal materials to repair fate Immortal Gu. Not only can we save time, we can use the heaven’s will inside to increase the effects.” Yuan Qiong Du was extremely excited.


 “Very good.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes were shining: “Continue working hard.”


 “Yes, Lady Zi Wei.”


 This was indeed great news.


 Fairy Zi Wei was quite happy.


 “This way, fate Gu can be repaired even more quickly, until its wounds are healed.”


 “With Spectral Soul captured now, once news gets out, it will shake the world and deter all the forces.”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei felt deep admiration towards Duke Long.


 Duke Long’s wise and resolute attack created Heavenly Court’s current huge advantage.


 If the five regions chaotic war started, Central Continent could definitely benefit the most in the initial period.


 However, the true deciding factor of this chaotic war was one person.


 Great Dream Immortal Venerable!


 Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan was at a crucial moment.


 Fight Immortal Gu was activated, around it were a large number of supplementary Gu worms.


 Immortal killer move — Enslavement After Victorious Fight!


 The killer move activation succeeded, Fang Yuan’s gaze turned sharp, he looked towards the year beast army.


 Countless strength path giant hands flew out and defeated these year beasts.


 The defeated year beasts no longer ran away, due to the effect of enslavement after victorious fight, they became Fang Yuan’s slaves, gathering towards him.



***
Chapter 1402 - Farewell, Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Under the effect of immortal killer move enslavement after victorious fight, any life form defeated by Fang Yuan would have a high chance of being enslaved by him.


 The core of this move was the new rank seven Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan just got, Fight. By using all sorts of wisdom path supplementary Gu worms, this rule path Immortal Gu displayed its unique value.


 Enslavement after victorious fight was created by immortal zombie Da Li.


 Immortal zombie Da Li was a second generation split soul of Spectral Soul, he was known as the Martial Duel Heavenly King. He cultivated strength path and wisdom path together, he had the Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 After the first generation split soul, Purple Mountain True Monarch, turned into a purple gold rock, he took over as the leader of Shadow Sect.


 However, afterwards, a mysterious Gu Immortal with a Red Lotus insignia on their forehead appeared, after an intense battle, he lost and was suppressed by Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This was the origin of the killer move enslavement after victorious fight, it was an incredible killer move that combined both the profundities of strength path and wisdom path.


 Fang Yuan inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he learned about this killer move.


 Of course, he was not familiar with it, he was only starting to use it now.


 However, unlike the other moves, this one only needed Fang Yuan to activate it in advance, he could sustain it very easily during the battle.


 Most immortal killer moves could not be used by Fang Yuan during battle because he was not familiar with them, if he failed in using them, he would be hurting himself.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan had the initiative, he plotted to harm the Heavenly Court pursuers. Thus, he had enough time to prepare and after some failures, he successfully used enslavement after victorious fight.


 Next, Fang Yuan sustained enslavement after victorious fight as he multitasked, using year beast summoning to summon an army of year beasts from the tributary of the River of Time.


 However, even though there were many year beasts, year beast summoning’s flaw was still around.


 That was, the year beasts would not risk their lives for Fang Yuan. If they were injured, or if the enemies were too strong, they would retreat.


 This was different from soul beast summoning.


 The soul beast summoning that Spectral Soul created could force any soul beast to fight to the death for the Gu Immortal, disregarding its own life.


 Year beast summoning was created by Hei Fan, even though Hei Fan was a time path great expert, he was far inferior to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Of course, even so, the strength of year beast summoning could not be denied.


 All in all, this move was very useful.


 With rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water as the core, the Gu Immortal could summon an army of year beasts. Against the enemy, such a huge number would result in a powerful encirclement, unless the enemy was a special rank seven Gu Immortal like Feng Jiu Ge or rank eight Gu Immortal.


 But in the Gu Immortal world, how many rank eight great experts and Feng Jiu Ges were there?


 Clap clap clap.


 Strength path giant hands flew around, pushing the year beasts which were retreating onto the ground.


 These year beasts were under the effect of year beast summoning, fighting against Feng Jiu Ge. But after facing the power of Feng Jiu Ge, they wanted to retreat through the tributary of the River of Time.


 But Fang Yuan had already blocked their path of retreat, he used the giant hands to slam these year beasts to the ground.


 These year beasts were all subdued with enslavement after victorious fight and became Fang Yuan’s slaves.


 But a portion of them were still resisting.


 Against these stubborn ones, Fang Yuan’s response was to attack with more strength path giant hands.


 Clap clap clap.


 With several more slaps, very few of the year beasts stayed adamant. After all, they were not in good shape, most of them were injured from Feng Jiu Ge’s attacks.


 Fang Yuan enslaved more and more year beasts.


 He opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and kept these year beasts in his immortal aperture.


 As well as some year beast corpses.


 These unlucky ones were already injured and were killed by Fang Yuan’s strength path giant hands when he slammed at them with too much force.


 Even though they died, they were still rank six and seven immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan did not let go of any!


 On the battlefield, Feng Jiu Ge killed most of the year beasts, before Fang Yuan used year beast summoning again to call more year beasts into battle.


 Next, he stayed concealed by the Gu formation and used Feng Jiu Ge’s strength to capture these year beasts.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan had seventy to eighty year beasts in his immortal aperture.


 Most of them were desolate level year beasts, a small portion were ancient year beasts.


 “At this rate, I will be able to accumulate several hundred year beasts.” Fang Yuan was joyous.


 Even though he did not have the batch of year beasts sold in treasure yellow heaven, he farmed for them himself, he had quite a good harvest.


 “However... with my soul foundation, I can enslave a hundred year beasts at most.” Fang Yuan estimated.


 His soul foundation was strong, but don’t forget, he already had a group of eagles under his control.


 “Maybe I should sell these eagles?” Fang Yuan was hesitant, but he suddenly felt a shiver as his body tensed up.


 A strong and aged aura emerged from the tributary of the River of Time behind him.


 “An immemorial year beast! It was lured here by Years Flow Like Water.” Fang Yuan understood.


 Fang Yuan did not place years flow like water Immortal Gu in the sovereign immortal aperture, thus, the immemorial year beast was lured here by the Immortal Gu, arriving through the tributary of the River of Time.


 After sensing the aura of the immemorial year beast, the year beasts on the battlefield became frenzied, they suddenly fought more boldly.


 Feng Jiu Ge felt his pressure intensifying, especially when the difficulty of enslaving those year beasts with submission song increased by many times now.


 Rumble!


 A huge tiger claw emerged from the tributary of the River of Time.


 Creating a huge wave made of river water, the tiger claw struck at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was prepared for it, he had kept the year beasts and Shadow Sect’s immortals in his immortal aperture. When the tiger claw arrived, he had already flown away.


 The huge tiger claw crashed down like a mountain, the formation that Fang Yuan created was destroyed by the tiger claw easily.


 Roar—!


 The tiger immemorial year beast did not hit, but it sensed that the delicious Years Flow Like Water was leaving it, it roared as the sound waves produced spread out like thunder.


 Swish swish swish!


 The tributary of the River of Time created huge waves that crashed outwards, the tiger immemorial desolate beast was unhappy, it wanted to try and get out of this tributary of the River of Time.


 But it was too huge, its foundation was too deep, this tributary of the River of Time was too small for it.


 But it was not a problem, the tiger claws slashed around the place as the tiger immemorial year beast tried to expand this tributary of the River of Time.


 The tributary of the River of Time quickly became wider as its size increased.


 This superb time path resource point was ruined.


 Even though the size of it was going to increase by many times, it had lost its balance. After a while, this tributary of the River of Time would entirely return to the main river.


 Of course, this was nothing to the immemorial year beast, it did not care.


 Feng Jiu Ge saw that Fang Yuan approached him, his eyes shined with brilliance as he stayed vigilant.


 Fang Yuan had Feng Jiu Ge blocking him in front and the immemorial year beast behind him, he seemed to be in great danger.


 But in reality, he was smiling lightly, feeling extremely confident.


 He did not even use reverse flow protection seal, he activated rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water again.


 “Fang Yuan has a rank eight Immortal Gu.” Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk.


 But he was not surprised. Fang Yuan took over Shadow Sect, it was normal to have such an inheritance.


 “I wanted to get rid of all the Heavenly Court pursuers, too bad only Feng Jiu Ge came here. Hmph!” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, years flow like water Immortal Gu stared to shine in a pure white light in his hands.


 The white light shone over the area, turning this dark tunnel into a bright place.


 Under the strong light, a Gu formation started to activate.


 “This is?!” Feng Jiu Ge found that he was trapped in the Gu formation. But earlier, this huge Gu formation did not activate, it was hidden perfectly, fusing with the environment flawlessly.


 Rank eight Years Flow Like Water, it was the core of this Gu formation, under its lead, the Gu formation activated.


 Feng Jiu Ge was on guard, but this Gu formation’s power did not seem to target him.


 Rumble!


 Like a dam that had accumulated for years unleashing the floodgates, the tributary of the River of Time turned into a raging river in a few breaths’ time.


 It turned out that this Gu formation’s true target was this tributary of the River of Time itself!


 Feng Jiu Ge subconsciously held his breath.


 At this instant, the tributary of the River of Time was overflowing, it seemed to have become the main River of Time!


 The river water surged and created huge waves that blocked out the sky!


 The unstoppable waves devoured Fang Yuan instantly, before moving towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge naturally wanted to escape, even though there were many year beasts, with his nimble movement, they were of no obstruction to him.


 But the River of Time could not be comprehended by normal standards.


 “So fast!”


 Feng Jiu Ge was dazzled, he found that the River of Time’s waves were already directly above him.


 The River of Time was a time path secluded domain of heaven and earth, wherever it flowed towards, there was no concept of flow speed, only time itself mattered.


 The water of the River of Time only needed an instant to travel ten million li, or it could take a million years to travel an inch.


 “I cannot evade it...” Feng Jiu Ge instantly understood this, he used his defensive methods to protect himself.


 Rumble!


 Hearing the sound of crashing waves around him, Feng Jiu Ge’s body was engulfed by the huge waves, completely submerged.


 But Fang Yuan managed to emerge from the water of the River of Time using the Gu formation.


 “Flood discharge formation, break!”


 Fang Yuan called out in his mind as the Gu formation broke apart.


 Without the Gu formation, the tributary of the River of Time was instantly attracted towards the main River of Time.


 This was because the flood earlier had surpassed the limits of this tributary of the River of Time, such a tributary was not going to flow out of the main river.


 This was no longer the power of the Gu formation, it was the power of heaven and earth, the supreme power of the River of Time itself.


 Rumble rumble!


 Amidst the loud crashes, Feng Jiu Ge was swept into the main river, even the tiger immemorial desolate beast that wanted to come out was obstructed by the main river.


 After a few breaths of time, the tributary of the River of Time vanished completely, only a large area of the ripples of time were still flickering silently.


 The year beasts in the battlefield had all returned to the River of Time.


 “Farewell, Feng Jiu Ge.” Fang Yuan said lightly as he stored the Gu worms used in the formation and left the place.



***
Chapter 1403 - Self Love Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 In the refinement hall, after months of refining Gu, the most crucial moment was here.


 Lang Ya land spirit stood at the edge of a refinement path super Gu formation, his eyes observed the Gu formation that was blazing with fire.


 This fire was icy blue in color, it was not hot, but cold instead.


 Even the super Gu formation could not isolate this blazing ice fire completely.


 Lang Ya land spirit stood at the side of the Gu formation, his brows and beard were covered in a thin layer of blue frost.


 But he did not care, he was concentrated on that fire.


 Or rather, the profound ice at the center of the fire.


 The profound ice was still melting, but it was also continuing to form. The initial profound ice had sharp edges, but under Lang Ya land spirit’s refinement, it was already smooth and had a rather round appearance now.


 “Five traces of fan door wind.” Lang Ya land spirit suddenly said.


 Hairy man Gu Immortal Sixth Hair was currently assisting him, he quickly worked as he heard that, using a special method to take out five traces of the fan door wind from the immortal material inventory.


 This fan door wind was a rank seven immortal material.


 It was very special.


 It did not grow in deep forests or mountains, or even the sky, it grew in the doors of the homes of mortals.


 Whenever this immortal material was produced, the mortal’s door would not be able to close, it could only stay open.


 This special phenomenon attracted the attention of Gu Masters very quickly, and caused Gu Immortals to come and collect it.


 But initially, this fan door wind immortal material could not be used, nobody understood its use. But now, there were profound methods and plans to make use of it.


 The five traces of the fan door wind were carefully sent to the center of the ice fire by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Soon, the five traces of the wind surrounded the profound ice, circling it like five delicate hands, hastening the transformation of the profound ice.


 “Oh no.” But the success was short-lived, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression suddenly changed as he called out.


 Sixth Hair had a feeling as he looked over.


 He saw that the ice fire had extinguished, the profound ice broke as the five traces of the fan door wind also vanished.


 “Ahhh! I failed again!!!” Lang Ya land spirit stomped his feet, shouting loudly in deep anger and unhappiness.


 Sixth Hair sighed deeply.


 It was a pity.


 They were at the final few steps.


 But they failed.


 Their months of hard work had gone down the drain.


 “If I used the hairy man heaven and earth style, this would not have happened!” Lang Ya land spirit snorted coldly.


 Sixth Hair quickly reminded: “But first supreme elder, according to the sect rules, elder Fang Yuan paid a huge amount of contribution points for this, we need to follow his request.”


 “Sigh! This Fang Yuan has lost his mind, why does he want to use the human Gu refinement method. Is he trying to mess around with me?!” The failure of the Gu refinement gave Lang Ya land spirit a horrible mood.


 Sixth Hair quickly spoke up for Fang Yuan: “Elder Fang Yuan has always been mysterious. Even though I do not like him, it seemed like he had used up all his assets for this, using a vast amount of sect contribution points to refine Immortal Gu. He even needs three Immortal Gu, if he wants to purposely trouble first supreme elder, he would not have paid such a huge price, right?”


 “Sigh! I was just venting.” Lang Ya land spirit was dejected, he waved his hand: “Let’s rest first for a while. This is the fifth failure already. Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points are not enough, contact him and tell him the result of the Gu refinement, if he wants more attempts, he will need enough sect contribution points!”


 “Yes.” Sixth Hair replied.


 Fang Yuan flew like an arrow shooting rapidly in the sky.


 He had no mood to admire the beauty of this desert, at this moment, his mind was on the battle against Feng Jiu Ge.


 That tributary of the River of Time in the sand whirlpool was a secret cultivation resource of Shadow Sect, it was listed in Shadow Sect’s map.


 “Before Purple Mountain True Monarch died, he had instructed me to go to the River of Time and interact with Spectral Soul’s will inside the ghost face red lotus.”


 Even though Fang Yuan inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance and obtained a lot of killer moves, Immortal Gu recipes and secrets.


 He had only gotten about half of Shadow Sect’s assets.


 The ghost face red lotus in the River of Time contained Spectral Soul’s will, it had almost all of Shadow Sect’s cultivation details. It even had a portion of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s true inheritance.


 Shadow Sect had existed for a hundred thousand years, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was alive, he had slaughtered the world and caused deep despair in everyone. Even though Shadow Sect was destroyed, the cultivation information it had was unthinkably vast and grand.


 For example, Immortal Gu Houses.


 Fang Yuan currently knew the complete construction details of twelve Immortal Gu Houses. But in actuality, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect had far more than twelve.


 The rest of the information could only be obtained when Fang Yuan went to the ghost face red lotus.


 “As for Red Lotus’ true inheritance, it is also inside the River of Time. I have Spring Autumn Cicada, I hold the key to the true inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan was definitely going to the River of Time.


 The tributaries of the River of Time in the five regions were his entrances.


 Even though Fang Yuan lost one to eliminate Heavenly Court’s pursuers, it was not a problem, Shadow Sect had left behind five or six of them.


 “However, in Western Desert, Shadow Sect only has control of one final tributary of the River of Time.”


 “To play safe, I should head to the two resource points first. Before I am completely ready, I should not go there.”


 Fang Yuan made his decision.


 Right now, he was in Western Desert, it bordered Northern Plains, Southern Border, and Central Continent.


 But Fang Yuan could not go to these three regions.


 Central Continent had Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects, Fang Yuan could not head there.


 Northern Plains had Longevity Heaven, which was hunting Fang Yuan.


 Southern Border had the righteous path Gu Immortals who were chasing after Shadow Sect earlier.


 Western Desert was the best place to hide.


 As for Eastern Sea, Shadow Sect only had the location of one tributary of the River of Time. And unfortunately, this tributary of the River of Time was already taken by Miao Ming Shen.


 Speaking of which, it was Fang Yuan’s fault. He was the one who found it and told Miao Ming Shen.


 Back then, Purple Mountain True Monarch had tried to use the tributary of the River of Time to meet the ghost face red lotus. When he was in Eastern Sea, he could not find that tributary of the River of Time, he had to go to Southern Border for that.


 “My biggest problem now is the investigative killer move on me, it is exposing my location to Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.”


 “And without dark limit Immortal Gu’s protection, heaven’s will is plotting at all times to get rid of me.”


 “The problem is, I lack Immortal Gu, I have so many killer moves, but I lack the core Immortal Gu. With the core Immortal Gu, I will be able to dispel this investigative killer move and hide from heaven’s will again!”


 While thinking, Fang Yuan received Sixth Hair’s letter.


 He looked into it and the contents made him frown.


 The Gu refinement failed again.


 Damn it!


 Even though he succeeded in plotting against Feng Jiu Ge, Heavenly Court was not only going to send him alone against Fang Yuan.


 Heavenly Court had other methods, it was only a matter of time.


 “This wisdom path Immortal Gu, self love Immortal Gu, needs to be refined as rank seven from the start. It is quite difficult. I have been observing the Gu refinement all along, Lang Ya land spirit has been giving it his all, he is not working half-heartedly.” Sixth Hair said.


 Fang Yuan did not suspect his words.


 Lang Ya land spirit was straightforward and honest, Fang Yuan believed it.


 The failure was normal.


 After all, the success rate of a rank seven Immortal Gu was too low.


 But this self love Immortal Gu was necessary to Fang Yuan, and he needed it as soon as possible.


 With it, Fang Yuan would be able to use a killer move from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance to get rid of the investigative killer move on him.


 This was possible.


 Fang Yuan had confidence in that.


 “Refine it, we need to refine it, even if I go bankrupt, we must do it.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, firming his mind.


 It was too easy to get Lang Ya Sect contribution points now, because Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance was too plentiful.


 “But...”


 “I cannot remain passive now.”


 “I succeeded against Feng Jiu Ge because I caught him by surprise and used the rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water. Heavenly Court had not gotten information about it yet.”


 “But it has already been exposed, I need to hurry up!”


 “It seems I need to use that method.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with determination.


 He replied: For this refinement, Sixth Hair will do the refining while Lang Ya land spirit will help out on the side.


 Sixth Hair received Fang Yuan’s reply and saw it, feeling rather surprised.


 He knew that his Gu refinement technique was inferior to Lang Ya land spirit, and since he was not purposely failing, why did Fang Yuan want Sixth Hair to do the Gu refinement?


 In the River of Time.


 Raging water could be heard around him.


 Feng Jiu Ge was swept into the river by the raging waves.


 “This is the River of Time?” He tried to regain his footing, but he felt the power of time path invading his immortal body.


 Strong.


 Incredibly strong!


 The protection of Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal body was quite exemplary.


 But in just a moment, he felt that he was heavily resisted by the surrounding environment.


 Feng Jiu Ge understood that because he was full of sound path dao marks, he could not coexist with the time path dao marks.


 “As expected of the River of Time, I need to get out as soon as possible!” Feng Jiu Ge wanted to leave, but looking back, the tributary of the River of Time was already destroyed, only a thin ripple of time was left behind.


 This ripple was huge, but for Feng Jiu Ge, it was not an exit.


 “This is a problem. I am not a time path Gu Immortal, I cannot get out using the ripple of time alone, what can I do?”


 While he was uncertain, Feng Jiu Ge heard an explosion.


 A tiger’s roar could be heard, as a huge tiger year beast emerged from the bottom of the river.


 With a loud sound, river water spattered.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk to pin size, his body was like an ant beside an elephant compared to the tiger year beast.


 “An immemorial year beast!”


 The shadow of death engulfed Feng Jiu Ge.



***
Chapter 1404 - Zi Wei Controls The Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ding ding ding...


 Hearing the sound around him, Feng Jiu Ge exerted his full power at this moment.


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 The range of his song extended for several hundred steps, the immemorial tiger year beast’s claw was covered in green jade color.


 But the claw was too huge, it still charged at him unhindered.


 Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth, dodging quickly.


 At the moment of crisis, he narrowly avoided the year beast’s claw, even though he was not hit, the intense shock wave created from the attack assaulted Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge was like a kite with its strings cut, he was blown away.


 Guh.


 He was tossed up and flew above the River of Time in an arc, spitting out blood in the process.


 “No, my battle strength is too suppressed if I fight here.”


 “The River of Time is filled with time path dao marks, it has the most time path dao marks in the world. With the conflict between dao marks, my sound path killer moves have less than ten percent of their original power!”


 Feng Jiu Ge endured the intense pain and used his killer move to heal his injuries.


 His healing methods that were effective in the outside world had barely any effect here.


 Not only his healing methods, Feng Jiu Ge’s movement killer move also became very slow. His green jade song originally had great power, but now, the tiger year beast only shook its claw to break that layer of jade rock around it easily.


 Evidently, green jade song was suppressed to the limit.


 Feng Jiu Ge only had rank seven cultivation level, the reason why he had rank eight battle strength was because his sound path dao marks reached a quantity on par with rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But because of Fang Yuan’s plot, he was thrown into the River of Time, his greatest advantage became his greatest weakness!


 The sound path dao marks were far inferior in quantity compared to the River of Time’s dao marks.


 This was also why Fang Yuan was confident that Feng Jiu Ge would suffer here.


 The immemorial tiger year beast stretched out its tongue and licked its wound on the right claw, it had a ferocious gaze as it charged at Feng Jiu Ge.


 It was very strong to begin with, it lived in the River of Time, the time path dao marks in it complemented the River of Time, its territorial advantage was obvious.


 There were no rank nine year beasts, immemorial year beasts were the overlords of the year beasts.


 The tiger roared and whipped up a storm.


 The huge tiger year beast sprinted and assaulted Feng Jiu Ge fiercely.


 Feng Jiu Ge tried to block it.


 But soon, he was injured again.


 He was completely suppressed, there was no chance to win. If he wanted to live, he had to find a tributary of the River of Time and escape.


 But hope was too small.


 Because it was not easy to find a tributary of the River of Time. Even if he found one, it had to be big enough for him to cross over.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a sound path Gu Immortal, he was not time path and did not have methods to escape from the river.


 “Am I going to die here?” Feng Jiu Ge had such a thought.


 But at this moment, a female immortal’s voice resounded in his mind: “Use that rank eight Immortal Gu.”


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu — Fate Armor?” Feng Jiu Ge hesitated.


 Heavenly Court gave him this Immortal Gu to protect his life.


 This was a defensive rank eight Immortal Gu.


 But Feng Jiu Ge had always been doubtful.


 Why?


 He did not have any weakness in defense, even against Wu Yong, his defense could last for some time.


 Instead of lending this Immortal Gu to him, they might as well have given him an Immortal Gu for offense or movement.


 After all, Feng Jiu Ge’s movement methods were lacking. And his seven great songs, even though they were extremely powerful, they were killer moves, it was not as convenient as using one rank eight Immortal Gu directly to attack.


 After Feng Jiu Ge received this Immortal Gu, he had tried to activate it.


 Fate Armor was very powerful indeed, but it also expended a huge amount of immortal essence. Even someone like Feng Jiu Ge could barely endure the cost.


 “If I stall for time, I will have to use my defensive methods while healing myself. If I use fate armor Immortal Gu, my immortal essence will not last for fifty breaths of time.”


 Feng Jiu Ge calculated.


 But now, the immemorial year beast had already arrived in front of him.


 Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth, at the crucial moment, he chose to listen to that mysterious female voice.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu — Fate Armor!


 At once, his red date immortal essence was rapidly expended, while a thin layer of armor made of light appeared on Feng Jiu Ge’s body.


 But this armor made of light was completely unfazed by the immemorial year beast’s attacks, it protected Feng Jiu Ge completely.


 Feng Jiu Ge was uninjured, but from the attacks of the immemorial year beast, he was slammed into the River of Time.


 Once he fell into the depths of the river, a vast amount of the water of the River of Time pressed towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 But Fate Armor was very impressive, it did not waver, only some small cracks appeared on the surface.


 But this was very impressive.


 It was just a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 And this River of Time was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, its dao mark accumulation was on par with rank nine Immortal Gu.


 The immemorial year beast flowed along the river, charging at Feng Jiu Ge again.


 Feng Jiu Ge sighed in his mind: “This is tough!”


 He tried to struggle to fly and escape the River of Time.


 But the immemorial year beast had wisdom too, it did not let Feng Jiu Ge achieve his goal.


 Feng Jiu Ge was trapped in the river by the immemorial year beast’s attacks, and he was also affected by the flow of the river.


 The situation was getting worse for Feng Jiu Ge, he had lost all initiative, if this continued, by the time his immortal essence ran out, he would die.


 “Did I make a wrong decision earlier? That woman’s voice was just a trap?”


 While Feng Jiu Ge was unsure, a vortex of flowing water assaulted and surrounded him.


 Feng Jiu Ge was caught by surprise and wanted to struggle, when he heard a voice: “Don’t struggle, Feng Jiu Ge, I am a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, Lord Huang Shi, I am here to help you!”


 As he said that, the vortex expanded, until it was dozens of times as large as before.


 Countless bubbles obstructed the immemorial year beast’s vision.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not dare to deactivate Fate Armor, but he allowed himself to flow along the tornado, returning to the surface of the River of Time.


 Over there, a bald Gu Immortal with yellow clothes was waiting for him.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air.


 In the Star Constellation Chessboard in front of her, the scene of Feng Jiu Ge being saved was displayed.


 At the crucial moment, the voice who reminded Feng Jiu Ge was naturally her, Fairy Zi Wei.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Fate Armor, its true use was to give Lord Huang Shi an accurate clue to find out Feng Jiu Ge’s location.


 The River of Time was hard to enter.


 It was harder for Gu Immortals to get in there compared to black heaven or white heaven.


 Because rank eight Gu Immortals were rare to begin with, and time path rank eight Gu Immortals were just a small portion of them.


 But even so, Heavenly Court had its time path rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Lord Huang Shi was part of Fairy Zi Wei’s arrangements.


 Originally, Fairy Zi Wei planned to have Feng Jiu Ge force Fang Yuan into the River of Time to find the Red Lotus true inheritance.


 By then, the time path rank eight great expert Lord Huang Shi could go and attack him.


 But Fairy Zi Wei did not expect Fang Yuan to give up a tributary of the River of Time to set a trap and try to kill Feng Jiu Ge.


 “Fang Yuan, this otherworldly demon, he is truly crafty.”


 “But after this battle, we have probed most of the content of Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 “Even though he gave up a tributary of the River of Time to make a trap, it affirmed my conjecture — Fang Yuan will definitely enter the River of Time and take Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”


 “With Fang Yuan’s vigilant nature, it seems like he still has control of at least one tributary of the River of Time in Western Desert.”


 “It is not a problem, with my investigative killer move, Fang Yuan’s location is still exposed to me.”


 Feng Jiu Ge kept his life, Fairy Zi Wei immediately used Star Constellation Chessboard to see another battlefield.


 Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was injured and was flying in black heaven.


 The two newly ascended Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were chasing it, they had suffered only minor injuries.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was powerful, but against two rank eight Gu Immortals with immortal killer moves emerging one after another that coordinated with each other, it could not rival them.


 Feeling the threat of death, the upper extreme heavenly eagle moved according to its instincts, flying towards black heaven to try and shake off these enemies.


 Unfortunately, its actions were predicted by these two enemies.


 Boom!


 A killer move landed on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle screamed in pain, it almost fell towards the ground but it tried to flap its wings and rise into the sky.


 The eagle blood spurted out, a long line of blood was drawn in black heaven.


 Immemorial desolate beasts had incredible healing speed, but the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ killer moves were not simple either.


 “The outcome is set.” Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze flickered.


 Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle was struggling, the course of battle was obvious, the two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not fail.


 One of them even used an immortal killer move to follow behind the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The faster the upper extreme heavenly eagle flew, the faster he would be. He could fly to wherever upper extreme heavenly eagle was without much effort.


 How could the wisdom of an upper extreme heavenly eagle match humans?


 Even human Gu Immortals could not counter immortal killer moves easily in battle.


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were afraid of the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s last ditch effort in attacking, and because they wanted to capture it alive, they kept dealing small injuries to weaken its battle strength.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle could sense its bleak future, but it did not give up, it flapped and flew into the sky.


 Past black heaven, it came to white heaven.


 The heavenly wind qi wall was not an obstacle to it.


 But for the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, it was a different story.


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not pass the qi wall easily. But they were prepared for it, how could Fairy Zi Wei not lend them an Immortal Gu House in advance?


 “You will stay here and prevent it from making a detour, I will chase it.” The two Gu Immortals cooperated perfectly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had nowhere to flee.


 “Even though some mishaps occurred, everything is within my expectations. Be it the humans, eagle, or Red Lotus’ true inheritance, nothing can escape my control.” Inside Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes squinted as she fully displayed the might of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.



***
Chapter 1405 - Burning Soul Bursting Luck!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 It was night time, stars were shining in the sky.


 In the desert, the difference in temperature during each day was larger, it was hot in the day and cold at night.


 Fang Yuan landed on a nameless sand dune softly.


 “After flying for so long, there are no Heavenly Court pursuers coming. Was Feng Jiu Ge really the only one sent after me?”


 Fang Yuan was suspicious.


 “Forget it, I’ll ignore that for now.”


 Fang Yuan calmed down and opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting out Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest.


 “Next, I will use a killer move with Ying Wu Xie, our battle strength will fall, our safety will be in your hands.” Fang Yuan said to Bai Ning Bing, Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, and Hei Lou Lan.


 The four immortals acknowledged it and moved out to patrol the surroundings.


 Fang Yuan set up an immortal Gu formation.


 With precaution Immortal Gu as the core, the entire Gu formation’s original form was a mortal formation from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance.


 Fang Yuan was a formation path grandmaster, it was not hard to modify a mortal formation. After adding in precaution Immortal Gu, the defense of this Gu formation could not be underestimated.


 Of course, there were weaknesses and flaws in this formation, but it was only needed for the time being.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance had four immortal Gu formations, the strongest one was purple blood river formation! Unfortunately, Fang Yuan lacked certain Immortal Gu for all of these immortal Gu formations, he could not set up any of them.


 If the Gu formation was modified and used a vast number of mortal Gu to replace the missing Immortal Gu, the deduction would take two to three days.


 Because of many reasons, Fang Yuan chose to set up this Gu formation.


 This Gu formation was enough for now, it was to defend against sneak attacks from the enemies.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan needed to race for time.


 Heavenly Court not sending any more pursuers instead made Fang Yuan more worried.


 The Gu formation closed, creating a simple temporary space.


 The Gu formation’s space was very simple, it could not compare to the Southern Border super Gu formation’s array of palaces.


 In this empty space, there was only Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie.


 “Sect leader, let me do it! For Shadow Sect, for our goal, I will do my best!” Ying Wu Xie was filled with fighting spirit.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Then you can go first.”


 Ying Wu Xie sat down and instilled his immortal essence.


 A moment later, his aura shook, immortal killer move burning soul bursting luck was successfully activated.


 At once, Ying Wu Xie’s luck rose by many times, at the same time, he felt dizzy and nauseous.


 Burning soul bursting luck was a killer move that expended the foundation of the soul to temporarily increase the Gu Immortal’s luck. Thus, when the killer move activated, not only did Ying Wu Xie’s luck rise sharply, his soul was also extremely weakened.


 But it was not a problem, Fang Yuan took out guts Gu.


 In the process of cultivation, Fang Yuan had been accumulating his storage of guts Gu to prepare for the worst.


 His vigilant act was very helpful to him, it was shown now when used on Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie rapidly recovered, he was no longer dizzy, he was just a little pale.


 Even though his soul was healthy now, his soul path dao marks had reduced sharply.


 Burning soul bursting luck permanently used up soul path dao marks.


 And this killer move had requirements towards soul path dao marks, to activate it, one had to use a certain number of soul path dao marks.


 Because of this, out of Fang Yuan’s side, only he and Ying Wu Xie were able to use this killer move.


 The rest might have strong battle strength, but their soul foundation was weak.


 Experts had their field of expertise, not anyone could cultivate as widely as Fang Yuan. In fact, Fang Yuan could tackle so many paths because of the sovereign immortal body, and also because the dream realm raised his attainment level of many paths rapidly.


 After Ying Wu Xie, it was Fang Yuan’s turn.


 This killer move, burning soul bursting luck, used the soul path Immortal Gu, Soul Howl. With Ying Wu Xie’s guidance, even though this was Fang Yuan’s first use, after failing twice, he succeeded in using it.


 Rumble!


 Instantly, Fang Yuan witnessed a mirage, he could see the luck above his head surging and growing, soaring towards the heavens.


 He nodded and informed Sixth Hair to refine Gu.


 Sixth Hair and Ying Wu Xie had their luck connected.


 And before the battle of Reverse Flow River, while Fang Yuan was chasing Ying Wu Xie and the others, they had gone from Eastern Sea to Northern Plains.


 And in the Earth Trench in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, Ying Wu Xie was aided by Sixth Hair to escape, while Sixth Hair used Dark Flow Giant City to obstruct Fang Yuan.


 Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair had their luck connected at this time.


 Naturally, Ying Wu Xie still had connect luck Immortal Gu.


 To delay Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie tried all kinds of ways to strengthen Sixth Hair. Luck was one aspect.


 Of course, in the end, Fang Yuan’s pursuit was stopped, and Sixth Hair did not die, he managed to return to Lang Ya blessed land safely.


 Now, Fang Yuan wanted to use this connection to raise Sixth Hair’s luck!


 Initially, when Ying Wu Xie was in Earth Abyss, he tried to use this move to refine Fixed Immortal Travel. Too bad Heavenly Court refined it first.


 But his efforts were not in vain, it helped Fang Yuan to refine change form Immortal Gu.


 This information was obtained by Fang Yuan from Purple Mountain True Monarch, he thought of using it in this situation.


 After all, luck was the best method to help in Gu refinement.


 There was evidence of this.


 In the past, it was because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path assistance that Long Hair Ancestor could refine so many Immortal Gu for him and create Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Perceivable dao Immortal Gu!


 After using burning soul bursting luck, Fang Yuan used this Gu to inspect the number of soul path dao marks in his soul.


 The numbers had truly been shaved off, his soul foundation was nearly crippled, he was back to square one.


 Fang Yuan had cultivated his soul for a long time.


 When he acted as Chang Shan Yin and roamed Northern Plains, before joining the imperial court contest, he had already started. Using Luo Po Valley and Dang Hun Mountain, Fang Yuan’s current soul path cultivation was very efficient and fast.


 After a long period, his soul had accumulated a great number of soul path dao marks.


 But today, after using burning soul bursting luck once, all of Fang Yuan’s effort had been obliterated.


 Fang Yuan did not feel much of a pity or shame, he could always regain the dao marks later. But if he lost his life now, then it would all be over.


 If other Gu Immortals like Bai Ning Bing tried to use this move, how could they have enough soul path dao marks for the expenditure?


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of something, asking Ying Wu Xie: “With your soul path foundation, how many times can you use it?”


 Ying Wu Xie replied: “I can use it two more times, but sect leader, you have Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, you should know that the same person cannot use burning soul bursting luck repeatedly to raise its effect. It is useless even if I try it again.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I am just asking.”


 He had a feeling of admiration towards Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Ying Wu Xie was a split soul of Spectral Soul, but he actually had the soul foundation to use burning soul bursting luck four times.


 Spectral Soul was indeed the legendary person who created soul path and cultivated to rank nine!


 “Burning soul bursting luck has been activated, this is all we can do. Let’s go.” Fang Yuan settled his thoughts and stood up.


 Soon, he stored away the immortal Gu formation and the other Gu Immortals into his immortal aperture before setting off again.


 He had to continue moving.


 Not only did Heavenly Court know his location and would send Gu Immortals at him, even heaven’s will was plotting.


 If Fang Yuan and the rest stayed at a place for long, they would meet with many problems.


 In white heaven.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle shook off its blood and flew up.


 Behind it, an Immortal Gu House carrying two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals chased relentlessly.


 “This upper extreme heavenly eagle is reaching its limit.”


 “That’s right, it was really good at enduring and flying.”


 “Alright, let’s end it, this move will let you rest!”


 The Immortal Gu House rapidly grew in aura as a golden beam of light shot out.


 The golden light was extremely fast, landing on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle suffered a huge blow, it quickly flapped its wings and tried to escape.


 But the golden beam of light was long and thin, it was like a shadow, homing in on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s injuries got more severe, its body was covered in a layer of golden light, making its movement even slower.


 But at the next moment, a change occurred.


 A white cloud formed in the path of the falling upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle fell into the cloud and vanished.


 “Oh no, this is a black-white overturning cloud!”


 “Quickly stop the killer move, don’t destroy this cloud!!”


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals shouted in shock, but it was too late, everything had happened too quickly.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle vanished in the cloud, while the golden beam of light landed on the white cloud, dying it golden.


 The golden cloud became extremely heavy and fell downwards.


 At this time, the golden beam of light vanished as the two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals stopped the killer move.


 But now, their smug appearance was gone, replaced by a dumbfounded look.


 “How could this happen?!”


 “Wasn’t it too coincidental?”


 “The black-white overturning cloud can connect between black heaven and white heaven, anything that enters will be able to move between the two heavens.”


 “We were concerned about this, so we had already destroyed all of the clouds that could potentially be black-white overturning clouds already.”


 “To think that a new one would appear and the upper extreme heavenly eagle had to crash into it.”


 “This damned luck!!”


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were going frantic, they wanted to spit blood, after so much hard work, and expending a great deal of immortal essence, right before success, this happened!


 “Chase!”


 “The upper extreme heavenly eagle still has our investigative killer move. We will return through the heavenly wind qi wall and go back to black heaven.”


 “That’s right, this is our first mission after joining Heavenly Court, how can we fail? Even if we have to chase it to the ends of the world, we will capture this upper extreme heavenly eagle!”



***
Chapter 1406 - Self Love Refined


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The upper extreme heavenly eagle actually escaped, how could this happen?” In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei used Star Constellation Chessboard to observe white heaven’s situation.


 She frowned as a bright light flashed in her eyes.


 “Luck path.”


 A guess appeared in her mind.


 She thought of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the culprit that destroyed it was Fang Yuan, what was the possibility that Fang Yuan obtained Giant Sun’s true inheritance?


 “Unfortunately, my investigative killer move can only locate Fang Yuan and the others, it cannot show their current situation.”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed and used Star Constellation Chessboard again.


 At the next moment, the scene of the River of Time appeared in Star Constellation Chessboard again.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Lord Huang Shi had already flown to a nearby tributary of the River of Time.


 “This tributary of the River of Time is not small, it is enough for you to leave.” Lord Huang Shi smiled, pointing forward, “Let me use my immortal killer move to send you out, don’t resist.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded, cupping his fists gracefully: “I will trouble you.”


 Lord Huang Shi was about to speak when his expression changed.


 “That tiger year beast is coming again?” Feng Jiu Ge’s expression also changed.


 “No!” Lord Huang Shi’s eyes looked ahead, in the river in front of them, there was a dense fog that emerged.


 “Strange, why is there fog in the River of Time?” Feng Jiu Ge frowned.


 Lord Huang Shi was extremely excited, there was huge expectation in his eyes: “This fog, don’t tell me?”


 At this moment, the two saw a faint silhouette in the fog.


 The figure was vague and concealed by the fog, it could not be seen clearly.


 Lord Huang Shi’s expression became even more heated, but Feng Jiu Ge was completely confused.


 Soon, the fog moved and exposed a corner of the huge silhouette, Feng Jiu Ge finally saw what it was.


 “This looks like an island?”


 “That’s right, this is a stone lotus island! Legends says that Red Lotus’ true inheritance is inside!” Lord Huang Shi’s tone was trembling.


 Even though Red Lotus Demon Venerable and Heavenly Court were enemies, he was the absolute peak of time path, nobody could match him. Lord Huang Shi, who specialized in time path, felt an unparalleled allure towards Red Lotus’ true inheritance!


 “Stay here, I will return shortly.” Lord Huang Shi said that before flying out at a rapid speed.


 However, the fog seemed to respond, when Lord Huang Shi got closer, the fog retreated.


 After a long time, Lord Huang Shi did not manage to shorten the distance, it was lengthening instead.


 A moment later, the fog vanished, and the mysterious stone island went missing too.


 Lord Huang Shi returned dejectedly, his expression was quite ugly.


 Even Fairy Zi Wei, who was watching this in Heavenly Court, had a look of disappointment.


 But soon, she frowned.


 She fell into deep thoughts: “Why did that stone lotus island appear? Was it because Fang Yuan destroyed a tributary of the River of Time? But Lord Huang Shi and Feng Jiu Ge had already left that place already, and most importantly — how can someone enter the stone lotus island? Must they have the key, Spring Autumn Cicada?”


 Southern Border, Wu clan headquarters.


 A super Gu formation was created.


 Wu Yong stood in front of the Gu formation, observing it, he nodded, showing a satisfied expression.


 Beside him, a Wu clan supreme elder said: “Elder Wu Bei, we have troubled you.”


 “It is my job to work for the clan, this was no trouble at all.” Elder Wu Bei said respectfully and humbly.


 Among Wu clan’s Gu Immortals, he cultivated formation path.


 Not long ago, he even took over Fang Yuan’s position to defend the super Gu formation.


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan returned from Northern Plains and plotted to get Wu Bei away from here so that he could return to the super Gu formation.


 Elder Wu Bei actually managed to escape from danger because of this and did not join in the battle of the dream realm.


 In this battle, Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals suffered huge losses, even the Immortal Gu used to create the super Gu formation were taken by Heavenly Court.


 However, not long ago, even though Wu Yong failed to kill Fang Yuan, he managed to make a secret agreement with Heavenly Court.


 Wu Yong let go of Feng Jiu Ge, and Heavenly Court returned the taken Immortal Gu back to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong returned to Southern Border’s righteous path and returned all the Immortal Gu back to their owners.


 This act raised his reputation to the peak in Southern Border’s righteous path!


 Southern Border’s clans were all grateful to Wu Yong, not only could he negotiate with Heavenly Court and succeed, he even returned every Immortal Gu without taking any for himself, they were all in admiration.


 Furthermore, Wu Yong exposed his rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, and after he showed his tremendous battle strength in the battle of the purple blood river formation, all of the Southern Border super forces were apprehensive against him.


 Thus, even though he did not kill Shadow Sect’s remaining members, Wu clan’s status had changed drastically.


 The clans that took over Wu clan’s resource points earlier retreated back to their own territories and even offered some compensation in a roundabout manner.


 Qiao clan was Wu clan’s affiliate force, their territory, which was taken by Ba clan and Xia clan, was also returned on the basis of Wu clan’s reputation.


 Wu Yong was not happy with such a result, after returning, he had been controlling the situation, negotiating with the super forces, getting them to hand over more benefits.


 Currently, both sides were still negotiating, even though Wu clan was very forceful, the other super clans were not made of paper, they were adamant in defending their own interests.


 Wu clan’s losses were indeed severe.


 All in all, they lost multiple Gu Immortals, and Fang Yuan even cheated them of six Immortal Gu and a hundred thousand immortal essence stones.


 But this matter could only be withheld by Wu clan, they could not openly seek Fang Yuan for trouble.


 Wu Yong wanted to compensate his losses from the other super forces, but he was not going to forget the demonic path scoundrel Fang Yuan!


 The super Gu formation here was made based on Wu Yong’s instructions, not only did he put Elder Wu Bei in charge of everything, he even asked Chi clan’s Gu Immortals for help.


 “Alright, you can act now.” A sharp light flashed in Wu Yong’s eyes, he spoke to Wu Bei in a calm tone.


 Wu Bei’s heart shook as he felt the anger and hatred underneath Wu Yong’s calm expression.


 “To think that Wu Yi Hai was an impostor all along. Hmph, he was too daring, he actually deceived Wu clan! We will show you now, there are some people in this world that you cannot offend!” Wu Bei snorted coldly as he used his Gu formation.


 This immortal formation used an earth vein as the foundation, and Fang Yuan’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, as well as more than ten Immortal Gu and an uncountable number of mortal Gu to create.


 Its effect was to find trouble with Fang Yuan. Every time it was activated, it would create a formless force that would cross Southern Border and be inflicted on Fang Yuan.


 This immortal formation was very powerful, it far surpassed the killer move that Wu Yong used against Fang Yuan earlier.


 At the same time, it was lasting.


 This was the advantage of a Gu formation.


 Once the Gu formation was created, the activation and deactivation process was very easily. It was not like a killer move, every use would have a complex process and every step would need to be accurate. Otherwise, the activation would fail and there might be a backlash on the user.


 Gu formations were different, after they were created, unless they were destroyed, there would be no threat of backlash.


 “Let’s try half of the power.” Wu Yong added.


 Wu Bei nodded.


 Wu Yong was not doing this because he was magnanimous, it was so that he could conveniently negotiate with Fang Yuan.


 Don’t forget that Wu clan’s Immortal Gu were still in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Wu Yong naturally wanted them back.


 Even if Fang Yuan ran to Western Desert, Wu Yong did not give up on that idea.


 “Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal is powerful, and can deflect all attacks, but too bad! This move uses too much mental energy, and the immortal essence expenditure is high, how can Fang Yuan keep it active at all times?”


 “With this Gu formation, we can attack any time we want, and stop it at any moment, we hold the initiative.”


 “Let him suffer first before we negotiate.”


 Wu Yong was already preparing his tactics.


 The Gu formation activated, and was about to unleash its power when suddenly, the ground started to shake.


 Rumble!


 The entirety of Wu Yi Mountain was shaking.


 “What is going on?”


 “Why is there an earthquake? Which Gu Immortal is undergoing tribulation?”


 “This is not a tribulation, the earth vein is shaking, the entirety of Southern Border is implicated, this is far more severe than just an earthquake!”


 “Oh no, Elder Wu Bei!!”


 The surrounding Wu clan Gu Immortals gasped as they realized something.


 Boom—!


 The immortal formation exploded as Wu Bei coughed out blood, after an anguished scream, he fell to the ground, unconscious.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Sixth Hair was covered in sweat, he was completely drenched, his hair was stuck together, it was a sad sight.


 “The final step!” Sixth Hair’s eyes were red, filled with blood.


 Lang Ya land spirit heard this and handed the processed immortal material over to Sixth Hair.


 Even though he was the first supreme elder, since Fang Yuan made the request, and the rules were set by Lang Ya land spirit himself, he had to follow it.


 Thus, he did not mind helping Sixth Hair, he at most had some grievances against Fang Yuan.


 Ding—!


 A long crisp sound came from the ice fire.


 Like the sound of clashing silver coins.


 Soon, the sound stopped as the blazing ice fire extinguished, only the round profound ice was left.


 Sixth Hair breathed roughly as he muttered: “Come out, rank seven Immortal Gu Self Love.”


 Crack crack.


 Cracks appeared on the profound ice before it broke apart, as an Immortal Gu flew out.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Self Love was finally refined!



***
Chapter 1407 - Leaving Wu Clan Completely


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Self Love!


 Fang Yuan held this Immortal Gu, he felt joy in his heart.


 It was not a waste that he expended all of his soul foundation, he obtained some useful results.


 Luck path, after all, had helped a Gu Immortal to reach rank nine.


 “I have dog shit luck Immortal Gu, and have connected my luck to Ye Fan, Hong Yi, and Han Li, these three lucky people. Furthermore, after the two uses of burning soul bursting luck, my luck must have reached an unprecedentedly high level.”


 “It is not strange that self love Immortal Gu was successfully refined.”


 This self love Immortal Gu was refined by Sixth Hair and sent to Fang Yuan using treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven had a small commotion.


 But it was not as impactful as before.


 Because situations of using treasure yellow heaven to transport Immortal Gu had happened many times already, it was no longer as rare. Especially recently, Wu Yong used treasure yellow heaven to send a batch of Gu worms, and Thousand Transformations Ancestor also sold year beasts and created an even bigger commotion that was still ongoing.


 “This is self love Immortal Gu?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 Before Fang Yuan replied, Ying Wu Xie said: “Of course! This Immortal Gu came at a perfect timing, with this Immortal Gu, we can use immortal killer move self cleansing, we will not be afraid of any investigative killer move! Hahahaha!”


 Ying Wu Xie said as he laughed loudly with his hands at his waist.


 He was currently using Fairy Cui Bo’s body, his chest was huge and he had a beautiful face, but he laughed with his mouth wide opened like a foolish hot-blooded teenager, it was quite amusing.


 Bai Ning Bing shook her head as she watched, the lingering bit of pity she felt towards Ying Wu Xie vanished without a trace.


 “That’s right, this Immortal Gu, Self Love, is the core of immortal killer move self cleansing. This move can cleanse dao marks on the Gu Immortal’s body, getting rid of the unfavorable ones and only keeping the beneficial ones. Be it the investigative killer move or alliance agreements, as long as they are harmful to us, they can be cleansed.” Fang Yuan explained.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined brightly, she thought: “This means that the killer move formed from this Immortal Gu can break the restraints of Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement on me?”


 She saw some hope.


 She did not join Shadow Sect willingly, she wanted to leave, but there was no way.


 Self love Immortal Gu had a unique shape, it was not like a worm, but a horn shaped rice dumpling, there was a layer of bamboo leaves around it, and there were even grey-white threads on it. 1 

 But this was not true.


 If one observed carefully, they would see that the surface of the bamboo leaves was completely one with the inside, the grey-white threads were the markings of self love Immortal Gu, they flickered and changed locations every few breaths of time.


 Hei Lou Lan memorized the appearance of self love Immortal Gu deeply in her mind.


 Fang Yuan touched the surface of self love Immortal Gu as he said: “Let’s move first before using this self love Immortal Gu to get rid of the investigative killer move.”


 The immortals chose a direction randomly and moved for a hundred thousand li, arriving at the back of a huge sand dune.


 Fang Yuan started to use his killer move, while Ying Wu Xie and gang went around the place to guard him.


 First, he activated self love Immortal Gu.


 This rank seven Immortal Gu was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, floating in the air and emitting a sweet smell without any lights shining.


 Allured by the scent, large numbers of mortal Gu were activated, moving around self love Immortal Gu as they formed into a river of Gu worms.


 This was the first step of using self cleansing.


 Evidently, self love Immortal Gu was needed to make the first step.


 Fang Yuan was stuck here previously, undoubtedly, even with a vast number of immortal killer moves, they were useless without the core Immortal Gu.


 Next, Fang Yuan started to use some crucial supplementary Gu worms.


 These Gu worms were all Immortal Gu.


 Wisdom path Immortal Gu obtained from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance.


 Most of them were rank seven.


 This immortal killer move’s difficulty was that the addition of every wisdom path Immortal Gu would cause a disturbance to the original Gu worm river.


 Only skilled technique and extraordinary control could allow this step to be done.


 A wisdom path rank six Immortal Gu was carefully placed in.


 The river of Gu worms shook intensely, but it returned to normal soon.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, this was just a rank six Immortal Gu, but was so difficult already. If he placed a rank seven Immortal Gu, the result would be worse.


 But the second Immortal Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan waited for a while, after savoring that precious experience from earlier, he placed the second Immortal Gu in.


 Progressing slowly like this, when he got to the third Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan failed.


 The entire Gu worm river broke apart as Fang Yuan spat out blood from his mouth.


 Man as Before!


 Once this Immortal Gu was used, his injuries were healed.


 But the killer move’s activation failed, they had to leave now.


 Fang Yuan and the rest packed their things and left the place.


 They could not remain at one place for too long, they needed to keep moving so that Heavenly Court and heaven’s will could not deal with them easily.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan thought about and collated his experiences.


 One could say that the entire group was relying on his killer move. This was the key to solving their problem. Even though this killer move had no offensive power.


 After the activation failed, they would leave, along the way, he would learn from his mistakes, until the fourth time, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in activating rank seven immortal killer move self cleansing.


 It was not easy!


 A watery and gentle light flowed down from Fang Yuan’s head, into his body and mind.


 Initially, the water was shiny and crystal clear, but when it got to Fang Yuan’s feet, it became extremely murky.


 “How was it?” After the killer move was used, Ying Wu Xie asked.


 The other immortals looked over with concern.


 Fang Yuan used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect himself.


 But the result was not satisfactory.


 “We have a problem.” His expression turned grim.


 Southern Border.


 The super Gu formation was dealt with, supreme elder Wu Bei, who had fainted, was also treated.


 Wu Yong looked at the huge pit with a dark expression.


 “Why did the earth vein shake here all of a sudden?”


 “This super Gu formation used the earth vein as the foundation, and it had a once in ten thousand years tremor, to think it would happen at this moment.”


 “Thankfully, I salvaged Fang Yuan’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu at the crucial moment, but we lost a rank six Immortal Gu in the process.”


 Wu Yong had a deep gaze, after this matter, his hatred towards Fang Yuan intensified.


 “Lord Wu Yong, something is wrong.” At this moment, Wu Fa reported: “Not only was there a tremor here, Tie clan, Yi clan, Chai clan, Chi clan, and the rest have all faced an earthquake.”


 Wu Yong’s eyebrows rose: “You mean this earth vein tremor involved the whole of Southern Border?”


 “That is likely the case.” Wu Fa frowned deeply.


 The earth vein was very important, an earthquake of such magnitude was unprecedented in Southern Border!


 This change was truly not normal.


 “Hmm?!” Wu Yong turned his gaze towards his hand, the two mortal Gu he was holding cracked and broke apart, they were completely destroyed.


 Wu Yong was shocked: “Fang Yuan’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu were destroyed? Did he use some method against it?”



***
Chapter 1408 - Inextinguishable Star Target


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On this day, in Southern Border, regardless of mortal or immortal, they went into panic and shock.


 The earth vein was shaking, affecting the entirety of Southern Border, important areas were devastated, mountains collapsed as rivers were blocked, pits were buried. The power of heaven and earth was displayed openly with unparalleled might at this moment.


 Countless unfortunate mortals died in this vast calamity, the super forces were all collating their losses.


 Many mortal forces were exterminated. Even for super forces, they lost quite a few resource points, they had suffered great setbacks.


 This sudden earth vein earthquake made the tense Southern Border political situation go silent.


 The super forces placed their conflicts aside as they started to investigate the cause of the earth vein commotion together.


 Such an earthquake had not happened in the last ten thousand, or hundred thousand years, or even during the Olden Antiquity Era or Remote Antiquity Era.


 Throughout history, this was the first time.


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, be it righteous path, demonic path, or lone immortals, they were all nervous and curious about the cause of this huge commotion in the earth vein.


 “The indication of the great era has appeared.” Fang Yuan, who was far away in Western Desert, collected information about the commotion in Southern Border as he sighed deeply.


 At this moment, he had moved away again.


 To another location.


 When night faded away, light started to shine from the horizon.


 It was dawn.


 Soon, the sun rose up and restored the world to a bright state, shining down on the vast desert.


 It was a new day.


 Fang Yuan wore his white robe, he had a deep gaze as he looked at the rising sun with a deep mood.


 Compared to the rising sun, his future was not this smooth and hopeful.


 In the past, he was kept in the dark, but after getting Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he learned of the relationship between the great era and Spectral Soul, as well as Shadow Sect.


 The great era originally should have approached at this time.


 But in the five hundred years of his previous life, Spectral Soul succeeded in defying fate, he resisted Heavenly Court and heaven’s will, using his supreme methods to forcefully stall the great era by five hundred years!


 Heaven’s will was forced into desperation by Spectral Soul, it had to take a big risk and use Fang Yuan as a tool to send him back to the past, using Spring Autumn Cicada and attempting to thwart Shadow Sect’s plans.


 Thus, the entire world went back to its original path.


 Without Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul, the great era started to unveil itself.


 The tremor of the earth vein was the signal for the start of this great era.


 “The great era is coming, the five regional walls are going to vanish. But before that, the earth veins of the five regions, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Central Continent, Western Desert, Eastern Sea, they will unify and combine into one.”


 “For the following period, earth vein tremors will continue to happen. Not just in Southern Border, the other four regions will also face it.”


 “The reason why Southern Border was the first to have these earth vein tremors is because Southern Border has the most earth path dao marks in all five regions. Therefore, Southern Border’s earth vein is also the deepest among the five regions. Precisely so, when the great era descends and the world changes, it will be the first one affected.”


 Fang Yuan had a pondering gaze.


 The great era descended like this, it greatly interrupted his former cultivation plan.


 In his original plan, he had a lot of time.


 Fang Yuan would continue to cultivate and use the dream realm to raise his attainment levels and accumulate wealth, while rising up in cultivation level. When the five regions chaotic war starts during the great era, he would have rank eight cultivation level and deep foundations and wealth, even if he did not reach great grandmaster in every path, he would be close.


 That way, he would gain the most benefits during the five regions chaotic war.


 But that was not possible now.


 The great era was coming too quickly, Fang Yuan’s plans were completely disrupted.


 Not just that, he was currently chased by Heavenly Court and was plotted against by heaven’s will, he had to run every minute and stay alert, a strong enemy might appear at any time to kill him.


 “This is a huge change!”


 “Currently, only I, Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect, and a few other forces know the truth behind the earth vein tremors.”


 “However, the other Gu Immortals are not stupid, after some investigation, they will realize this sooner or later.”


 “After a while, this will turn into a consensus and every Gu Immortal would understand: An unprecedented change is occurring in the world.”


 “Sigh, my rebirth advantage is going to dwindle again.”


 “If not for the dream realm battle, I would still have my identity as Wu Yi Hai. Southern Border’s earth vein tremors will cause large amounts of earth trenches, pits, and countless rare beasts and plants to appear.”


 “This is a great harvest, all forces and Gu Immortals will compete for them. Such things will occur often in the five regions, but Southern Border will be the most affected, because Southern Border’s earth vein has the biggest foundation, it has the most valuable treasures. The worst is Eastern Sea, because these are earth vein tremors, Eastern Sea would have the least number of fortuitous encounters from them.”


 Fang Yuan recalled.


 Eastern Sea has always had the most resources among the five regions. Because of this, Gu Immortals from the other regions took risks to go there and explore it, trying to find ways to advance their cultivation.


 But Eastern Sea had the least gains from the earth vein tremors.


 There was a theory in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life: This fortuitous encounter of countless treasures was like the gift of heaven and earth, to purposely balance the five regions.


 If Fang Yuan was still using Wu Yi Hai’s identity now, he would be able to gain great benefits. With his memories, he remembered many places where precious resources emerged, and even wild Immortal Gu!


 Unfortunately, because his identity was exposed, these great fortuitous encounters were no longer available to him.


 Fang Yuan felt that it was a pity, but he did not know that this earth vein tremor helped him instead.


 Because of the earth vein tremor, Wu clan’s immortal formation was destroyed, Wu Yong’s plan failed and Fang Yuan dodged a crisis, he did not fall to Wu clan’s scheme.


 The earth vein tremors were bound to happen eventually, but it had to happen at that precise moment, that was because of Fang Yuan’s burning soul bursting luck. 

 “Thankfully, I obtained rank seven Immortal Gu Self Love. After using immortal killer move self cleansing successfully, I got rid of all the detrimental dao marks on me, including Wu clan’s alliance agreement.”


 This way, Fang Yuan left Wu clan entirely, they were no longer connected.


 “By now, my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu must have shattered. Wu Yong cannot use this to deal with me anymore.”


 Even though his worries were lifted, Fang Yuan also saw a weakness of self cleansing.


 Self cleansing was extremely unique, it could cleanse all of the dao marks that were unfavorable to the Gu Immortal, but the choice was not according to Fang Yuan’s intentions.


 For example, Fang Yuan had gotten rid of the alliance agreement with Wu clan completely, but his alliance agreement dao marks with other forces like Chu Du, Lang Ya land spirit, the variant humans, and Crazed Demon Cave, were unaffected.


 This was because these alliance agreement dao marks were not ‘harmful’ to Fang Yuan, self cleansing would not get rid of them.


 However, the moment Fang Yuan betrays them, these alliance agreement dao marks would activate and punish Fang Yuan, it would be too late for him to use self cleansing on them.


 And most important was Fairy Zi Wei’s investigative killer move.


 These dao marks were very detrimental to Fang Yuan, self cleansing naturally got rid of them. But the shocking thing was, even though the killer move was effective and removed these dao marks, they soon started to recover and grow again.


 At this speed, in just six hours, the dao marks of Heavenly Court’s investigative killer move would completely be restored.


 “Self cleansing is the strongest method in this aspect that Purple Mountain True Monarch had.”


 “Even though it is effective on me, the enemy this time is too powerful.”


 “The investigative killer move on me is likely created by Fairy Zi Wei using Star Constellation Chessboard.”


 Even though Fang Yuan was guessing, he was quite sure of it.


 Because he had seen such self-producing dao marks before.


 It was his original body, the rank six strength path eight armed heavenly immortal zombie body.


 Currently, in this body, the second aperture had completely broken down, while the first rank five aperture still had Spring Autumn Cicada sealed inside.


 Spring Autumn Cicada could not be used, because heaven’s will was inside.


 And in the body, Ying Wu Xie used his soul path method to set a vicious trap.


 Once Fang Yuan sends souls inside, the trap would activate and kill it, before nourishing itself and producing more soul path dao marks, becoming even harder to deal with.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan saw self-regenerating dao marks.


 Even though it was Ying Wu Xie’s killer move, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had something similar.


 After getting Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, Fang Yuan learned that only rank nine venerables could create killer moves with regenerating dao marks.


 Thus, Fang Yuan guessed that Fairy Zi Wei used Star Constellation Chessboard to activate the investigative killer move.


 Because Star Constellation Chessboard belonged to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Thanks to Fang Yuan’s current identity, he had a deeper understanding of Heavenly Court than before.


 Fang Yuan recalled, it was true, the other Immortal Venerables or Demon Venerables had such methods.


 Dao marks replenished themselves without expending immortal essence.


 For example, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven. After Ma Hong Yun used it, the lucky effect had lasted the entire time until he died.


 The true essence of his luck were luck path dao marks.


 Ma Hong Yun had luck path dao marks on his body, he absorbed the luck of those around him, causing his fortune to rise. In the entire process, he did not have to expend any immortal essence or primeval essence.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also had such killer moves.


 Divine concealment and ghostly concealment.


 These two defensive killer moves created a thin cloak of dao marks on the soul. The former allowed the user to be free from heaven’s will and deductions, while the latter made one unnoticeable to souls.


 This killer move’s effect had always lasted without using any immortal essence. At the same time, if there was any damage, the dao mark cloak would regenerate itself.


 “It is publicly recognized that every rank nine venerable’s main path is at supreme grandmaster.”


 “According to the cultivation experience from Purple Mountain True Monarch: Grandmaster attainment level is imitation of other paths, great grandmaster is the use of natural dao marks, while supreme grandmaster is the regeneration of dao marks and even self-sustenance, breaking free from the restriction of immortal essence?”


 The classification was clear now.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance gave Fang Yuan a clear recognition of all the Gu Immortal attainment levels.


 Now, with his own experiences, Fang Yuan gained a lot of insight.


 The eight arm heavenly zombie body’s soul path trap could be resolved now. But the investigative dao marks on the sovereign immortal body were hard to deal with.


 “Using self cleansing, I can get rid of a number of investigative dao marks, but the more I reduce them, the faster they regenerate!”


 “Using self cleansing killer move once will get rid of ten percent of these dao marks. But in half a day, they will completely grow back.”


 “This means that if I want to get rid of the investigative killer move, I will need to sustain self cleansing all the time, for about half a month without any pauses in the middle.”


 Fang Yuan estimated based on all the information that he had.


 It was problematic, the investigative killer move was far more troublesome than Fang Yuan had expected.


 And the most important thing was, this was unrealistic.


 Self cleansing was not a sustained killer move, it had to be used each time. Each time he used it, there was a certain duration that it lasted.


 Even though he had self love Immortal Gu and successfully used self cleansing, Fang Yuan did not get rid of the harmful dao marks completely.


 He met with another problem.


 What should he do?


 “If you are given enough time to prepare, you might be able to resolve it. But too bad, you have no chance now.” In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei smiled.


 She was very confident in the investigative killer move used on Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Because this was Star Constellation Chessboard’s method, and also the killer move created personally by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable — Inextinguishable Star Target.


 Compared to other investigative killer moves, inextinguishable star target could only locate the position of its target, this effect alone was inferior to the method that Fairy Zi Wei used on Feng Jiu Ge,


 The latter allowed Star Constellation Chessboard to display the scenes of the target’s situation, one could easily understand what was going on.


 But inextinguishable star target’s greatest effect was that it could regenerate endlessly, normal methods could not get rid of it properly.


 One could say that as long as this killer move still lasted, Fang Yuan would be a pawn on Fairy Zi Wei’s board, he could not escape her grasp. To eliminate him was only a matter of time.


 Against Fang Yuan and the others, Fairy Zi Wei had the complete advantage, she was unshakeable in this situation.


 As long as Fang Yuan had no time or freedom to develop, as time dragged on, Fairy Zi Wei and Heavenly Court’s advantage would get bigger and bigger.


 One could say, Fairy Zi Wei was in an invincible position!



***
Chapter 1409 - Lu Wei Yin


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Compared to fate, luck cannot last.”


 “Even though there were some mishaps, so what?”


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled gracefully and elegantly.


 The Star Constellation Chessboard in her hands displayed the figures of the two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 The Immortal Gu House was flying.


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had grim expressions, conversing with each other.


 “The upper extreme heavenly eagle used the black-white overturning cloud to escape to black heaven. But according to the current time, it is already daytime in the five regions, we are in white heaven now, so black heaven is above us. Therefore, we need to fly upwards past the heavenly wind qi wall to enter black heaven.”


 “That’s right, we have already used investigative methods on the upper extreme heavenly eagle. As long as we get into black heaven, we will be able to sense it, there is no problem.”


 “If we meet the upper extreme heavenly eagle again, we cannot repeat the same mistake, we will to try hard and prevent it from escaping again.”


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were deeply confident, they had recovered from the setback earlier.


 Their confidence came from their great strength.


 With such strength, even if the upper extreme heavenly eagle had a few lucky breaks, so what?


 Could it rely on luck every time?


 As long as it failed once, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would win, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would be captured with no way of escaping.


 Star Constellation Chessboard shook lightly, the scene changed as Feng Jiu Ge was shown.


 At this moment, Feng Jiu Ge had already left the River of Time, he was in Western Desert.


 But this time, because he used a different tributary of the River of Time, even though he was in Western Desert, he could not return using the same way.


 Fairy Zi Wei gave him advice, Feng Jiu Ge was currently very far away from Fang Yuan.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is a Dao Guardian.”


 “His luck is firm like an unmoving mountain, only people with such intense luck can counter a person like Fang Yuan.”


 “If I send other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals over, it would be a mess, Fang Yuan would suppress their luck and he would benefit from the situation instead.”


 “Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was a clear example. It could escape from two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, not to mention Fang Yuan himself.”


 “I will let Feng Jiu Ge chase after Fang Yuan and force him to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Even if he cannot find it, he will continue to expose his trump cards, by the time he expends them, I will go after him personally.”


 Thinking of this, killing intent shined in Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes.


 It was not that she did not think highly of Fang Yuan, instead, she placed a lot of emphasis on him.


 To kill this complete otherworldly demon, Fairy Zi Wei had to act personally to feel assured.


 But now was not the time.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan still had hidden trump cards, he was not in a desperate situation.


 Secondly, Heavenly Court needed to be defended because Duke Long was deep in Heavenly Court trying to suppress Spectral Soul’s main body. Fairy Zi Wei needed to oversee the entirety of Central Continent and send out orders to control the situation.


 Thirdly, the great era was coming, Southern Border was already having earth vein tremors, Central Continent’s location was too disadvantageous, they had to make ample preparations.


 Even though Fang Yuan obtained self love Immortal Gu, he did not leave Fairy Zi Wei’s control.


 Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle escaped, it was still being pursued, it was not out of danger.


 Fairy Zi Wei was more concerned about the stone lotus island in the River of Time rather than these two.


 “Why did Red Lotus’ true inheritance suddenly appear and disappear again?” Fairy Zi Wei frowned, she did not understand.


 With Star Constellation Chessboard, she was one of the three strongest wisdom path great experts in the current world.


 But against the most mysterious Red Lotus Demon Venerable in human history, Fairy Zi Wei could feel her own inability and weakness.


 “Oh Red Lotus...” Fairy Zi Wei sighed.


 She knew that among the Demon Venerables, this Red Lotus Demon Venerable had the deepest connection to Heavenly Court.


 In fact, he was once thought to be the future Red Lotus Immortal Venerable and to become in charge of Heavenly Court...


 Black heaven.


 The yellow-green grass looked like a giant carpet, growing at a part of black heaven.


 Heaven attached fungi.


 This was a rank six immortal material that only grew in the immemorial nine heavens.


 It grew in very specific locations.


 They had to grow alone without any other dao marks around them, other life forms, or even any meteorites.


 But thankfully, the immemorial nine heavens was huge, even though there were lots of ancient desolate and immemorial desolate life forms around, there was enough room for the heaven attached fungi to grow.


 However, there were two people on this heaven attached fungi now.


 Chirp chirp!


 Sounds of anxious bird chirping could be heard.


 A Gu Master with the appearance of a young man raised his right hand with difficulty, there was a layer of rainbow aurora light covering his forearm and right hand.


 This light was very active, it seemed to want to escape from the young man, but it could not.


 The young man was gritting his teeth, holding on desperately with sweating covering his forehead.


 “Go, aurora bird!” The young Gu Master was at his limit, he knew he had to take a risk, he shouted as he pushed forward with his arm.


 Chirp chirp chirp!


 At the next moment, the aurora light and chirping became even louder and sharper.


 Next, the rainbow aurora light jumped out of the young Gu Master’s arm, jumping into the sky and turning into a bird.


 The bird wings flapped as the rainbow aurora light shot out at an incredible speed.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the rainbow aurora bird landed on the heaven attached fungi nearby and destroyed all of the fungi.


 After the aurora light faded, there was a tiny pit in the heaven attached fungi.


 The young Gu Master saw this and was surprised and joyous.


 He was happy that his hard work after so much training and dangerous situations had paid off, he succeeded in this killer move.


 He was surprised that this killer move was so powerful, just like what his master said.


 “Master, I succeeded!” The young Gu Master went to another person and greeted, saying excitedly.


 “Mm, not bad.” His master commented plainly.


 The young Gu Master saw his master’s expression and the excitement in his heart calmed down.


 His expression became normal as he paid his respects, saying plainly: “I had lost my composure.”


 “No worries.” The young Gu Master’s master waved as he walked away slowly.


 A few steps later, he stopped as he looked up at the sky.


 He wore a grey hemp garment, it was very simple and plain, but his muscular body could not be concealed.


 He wore a conical hat 1 that was large and wide, it covered his face under the shadow, concealing his appearance.


 Even though he was the young Gu Master’s master, his appearance had never been seen.


 The truth was, only now when he looked at the sky, the young Gu Master could see his appearance.


 But he only saw his chin.


 His chin was wide and thick, it gave people the feeling of steadiness and unwavering determination.


 “Master, thank you for your guidance, if I cultivated alone, how could I have reached such a level.” The young Gu Master said.


 His master was silent for a while before speaking slowly: “Ye Fan, you are incredibly talented and have great insight. This killer move was created by you using the transformation path and light path understanding that you have, I was only guiding you along. Even though you succeeded in this move, you need to practise it more, beware of your safety, I cannot stay by you.”


 “Master, we are going to be separated?” The young Gu Master asked anxiously in shock.


 He was Ye Fan of Southern Border.


 He admired Shang Xin Ci and when she became the clan leader, he stood up and helped her resolve many problems of the mortal Shang clan.


 But there is always someone better than you, Ye Fan met Bai Ning Bing and suffered a terrible loss, he even went through an experience of being at the brink of life and death.


 He survived, but was extremely shocked.


 This unforgettable experience made him contemplative, pondering about life and about himself.


 Through an unexpected surprise, he met his current master and became master and disciple.


 To think that his master was a Gu Immortal.


 To nurture this disciple with great talent, he brought Ye Fan to black heaven to train him.


 Even though they spent a short time together, Ye Fan admired this mysterious master deeply.


 Affinity was needed between people. Some people could live together for a lifetime and still be strangers. Some people could be together for a short while and easily become soulmates.


 Even though Ye Fan did not see his master’s appearance, he could feel the sincerity and kindness from his master.


 He had complete confidence in his master, he did not suspect that his master had any ulterior motives.


 “Affinity comes and goes, we do not have much of a connection to begin with. After using it up today, our relationship will end tomorrow. We might as well use it slowly and await the future. Ye Fan, do you know why I brought you here.” His master said.


 Ye Fan blinked: “Master, didn’t you say that black heaven restricts my light path, so that it is safe to cultivate here even though it is hard.”


 “This is just one of the reasons. The second reason is that I deduced that you have some karma here.” His master said in a low tone.


 “Karma?” Ye Fan showed a perplexed gaze.


 “In this world, every cause has an effect and every effect has a cause. Look, your karma has arrived.” Saying this, the mysterious Gu Immortal pointed at the sky.


 Ye Fan looked over and gasped.


 Over there, an upper extreme heavenly eagle flew towards the heaven attached fungi here.


 “What a strong divine eagle! Ah, it is injured.” It was getting closer as Ye Fan could see upper extreme heavenly eagle’s heavy injuries.


 Even though Ye Fan met with a good teacher, he was still not a Gu Immortal himself. The truth was, even ordinary rank six Gu Immortals would not know about the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was currently not clearheaded, its wounds were healing and had not healed.


 Even though it shook off Heavenly Court’s pursuers, black heaven and white heaven were very dangerous, it was not safe anywhere.


 When it saw the heaven attached fungi, it flew over, trying to get precious time to rest.


 But it did not manage to land on the heaven attached fungi, it fainted a few thousand steps away.


 However, Ye Fan’s master acted rapidly and grabbed this upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 His palm was open and using some unknown method, under Ye Fan’s surprised gaze, this upper extreme heavenly eagle became smaller and smaller by some effect, landing in Ye Fan’s master’s palm like a baby chick.


 Ye Fan’s mysterious master stretched out another hand to caress the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Suddenly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s injuries vanished, it went into deep sleep in a relaxed state.


 “Ye Fan, you are bound by the karma on you, this upper extreme heavenly eagle might be the key to resolving it in the future for you.”


 “Bring it by your side, when it wakes up, it will bring you out of black heaven and back to Southern Border.”


 “Master is leaving now.”


 Saying this, the mysterious Gu Immortal in a conical hat and grey clothes flew away towards the sky.


 “Master, stay safe.” Ye Fan received the little bird upper extreme heavenly eagle and rapidly chased.


 He had tears in his eyes, he was quite upset.


 He chased until he got to the edge of the heaven attached fungi, seeing his master’s shrinking figure, he shouted: “Master, may I know your name?”


 “My name is Lu Wei Yin.”


 His master’s voice could be heard softly in his ears.


 “Master... Lu Wei Yin...” Ye Fan muttered in a daze.



***
Chapter 1410 - Formation Path Immortal Gu, True Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he saw a jade green forest.


 There was a blue lake, it was like a sapphire in a sea of yellow sand, it was extremely beautiful.


 This was a small oasis, there was a natural spirit spring here.


 Oases like this were usually the foundation of a mortal clan. If a Gu Master stayed here and preserved the spirit spring, if it developed well, it could become a mid size or even a large size oasis.


 Humans chose environments that were suitable for living, and at the same time, they would modify the natural environment to suit their needs.


 This was the coexistence between people and nature in Western Desert.


 However, now, this newly formed oasis was going to be destroyed.


 Because Fang Yuan and the rest would destroy all the traces left behind when they left for a new location.


 Even though they were hit by Heavenly Court’s killer move, they had to guard against enemies in Western Desert, especially when heaven’s will was plotting all the time.


 “This deduction finally has some results.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, feeling slightly happy.


 Ever since he saw the power of inextinguishable star target, he started to resolve this problem.


 Immortal killer move self cleansing was good, it had to be used time and time again with fixed durations, but Fang Yuan could modify it to be a lasting move.


 Fang Yuan had the foundation for this.


 Because he was a wisdom path grandmaster, and self cleansing was a wisdom path killer move, he could modify it.


 And he had a crucial Immortal Gu.


 It was because of this Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had great confidence.


 This Immortal Gu was Perseverance.


 Rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu’s effect was to supplement other Immortal Gu or killer moves in their duration. For example, when Fang Yuan became an ancient sword dragon, his sword light dragon breath had to be breathed out each time. But if he used perseverance Immortal Gu, he could use the sword light dragon breath continuously, until his throat reached its limit.


 Perseverance Immortal Gu was suited for the modification of self cleansing.


 Recently, Fang Yuan had been moving around while deducing, he had finally gotten some results now.


 He succeeded in making Immortal Gu Perseverance the second core of this self cleansing killer move.


 This way, self cleansing could be used for longer durations, it would get rid of Fang Yuan’s unfavorable dao marks continuously.


 “But this would not be enough to clear all the dao marks.” Fang Yuan had a deep gaze, he did not relax.


 He knew that another tough problem was coming.


 Even if self cleansing could be used continuously, Fang Yuan did not have the time to wait.


 He was currently being pursued, even though Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were nowhere to be seen, they might be tailing him already.


 At any time, it was possible for Fang Yuan and the rest to be pursued and sneak attacked.


 Using self cleansing, it would take a month at least to get rid of Fang Yuan’s inextinguishable star target dao marks.


 In this month, he had to use the killer move non-stop.


 Inextinguishable star target was hard to deal with, the more dao marks removed, the faster they regenerated.


 Fang Yuan had done his best to reach this stage, he could not raise self cleansing’s effect anymore.


 “According to the situation, I need to be on the run at all times, it is impossible for me to get a month’s time. And even if I have a month, what about the others? They were also hit by inextinguishable star target.”


 There was no chance of doing so.


 Fang Yuan’s biggest worry was that Heavenly Court would come out and ruin everything when he was about to succeed.


 If that happened, he would have expended a lot of immortal essence without getting rid of inextinguishable star target. Next, if he fought the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals or escaped, inextinguishable star target would regenerate, the dao marks would grow and Fang Yuan’s efforts would be in vain.


 “And self cleansing is an immortal killer move, using it would expend not only a lot of immortal essence, but to sustain it, I need to use up a lot of mental energy on it.”


 “I have not used this killer move much, I am not proficient with it. Including the times when I will fail, not only will I waste immortal essence and need to heal myself, even without Heavenly Court’s interference, I will weaken greatly if this goes on.”


 “Escaping to Lang Ya blessed land is impossible too. Not only I am under Heavenly Court’s surveillance and would expose Lang Ya blessed land’s location, the journey is too long, there is too much danger in going there, there is not only Heavenly Court and heaven’s will, Northern Plains even has Longevity Heaven.”


 Of course, there were difficulties and also solutions.


 Fang Yuan soon thought of a counter measure for this.


 He had enough strength to execute this plan as well.


 That was to use formation path.


 He needed to modify the killer move, self cleansing, into an immortal Gu formation.


 This was not out of this world.


 As mentioned earlier, Gu formations were in essence killer moves, but they were formation path killer moves.


 If Fang Yuan had a self cleansing Gu formation, it would be much easier. He would need to expend much less immortal essence and mental energy to sustain the Gu formation compared to using killer moves.


 Furthermore, the killer move self cleansing was effective on Fang Yuan alone, other Gu Immortals needed to learn the move to use it themselves later.


 But if it was an immortal Gu formation, then Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals could enter the formation and get rid of the inextinguishable star target dao marks on their bodies.


 “Thus, not only do I need to modify the killer move and turn it into an immortal Gu formation, I also need Gu worms like formation plate Gu, formation flag Gu, or formation chart Gu, and it would be great if they were Immortal Gu.”


 Immortal level formation plate Gu, Lang Ya Sect had one.


 This Immortal Gu’s effect was to use all sorts of Gu worms to set up a Gu formation on its own. The Gu Immortal only needed to provide immortal essence for it, they did not need any formation path attainment.


 Formation flag Gu was used to manage a Gu formation that was already set up. When Gu Immortals use formation flag Gu, they can choose a Gu formation and directly keep it inside formation flag Gu.


 Next, within their line of sight, the Gu Immortal can bring formation flag Gu and teleport away.


 After finding a suitable location, they can activate formation flag Gu to set up the Gu formation again at a new location.


 As for formation chart Gu, it was a type of consumable Gu.


 Formation chart Gu recorded the information of a Gu formation, it has a similar effect to formation plate Gu, but the chances of error were much smaller compared to formation plate Gu.


 These three Gu worms suited Fang Yuan greatly.


 Tremor desert.


 This special desert would have intense tremors from time to time.


 Deep under tremor desert, an immortal Gu formation was slowly activated.


 Han Li walked in with a nervous expression, he encouraged himself: “This is the final test of the formation path true inheritance left by Gu Immortal Zhen Yuan Zi. Han Li, work hard!”



***
Chapter 1411 - Green Claw Ghost Winged Lion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was a bronze hall.


 At the center of the hall, there was a metallic lamp hanging on a crane neck. The neck was long and curvy, at the tip of its beak, there was a flame that was the size of a peach.


 This flame shone over the entire hall.


 The flame was weak, the corners of the bronze hall were still covered in darkness.


 A thin young Gu Master was standing on a huge concrete tile of the palace. There was a huge pillar beside him, it was red and thick, to encircle it, three grown men would need to stretch their arms out.


 When the light shined, the pillar blocked a huge portion of it, the young Gu Master’s body was half concealed in darkness and shadows.


 It was Han Li.


 Han Li was currently covered in sweat, he was uncertain in his heart.


 “I was too overconfident!”


 “This senior Zhen Yuan Zi might be a righteous path Gu Immortal, but someone like me has no qualifications to take his true inheritance.”


 “I could get to this point after exerting all my energy, some of the steps were through pure luck!”


 Han Li had gone through a lot, he was clear about the danger of this bronze hall.


 Thinking about it, he felt great lingering fear.


 Actually, righteous path inheritances were usually not dangerous, demonic path was the one with vicious set-ups and schemes.


 Although Zhen Yuan Zi’s inheritance test had its dangers, they were nothing of concern for Gu Immortals. But for the Gu Master Han Li, it was too dangerous.


 Han Li was someone with great luck, and because his luck was connected to Fang Yuan, he had endless fortuitous encounters, he had rank four cultivation level now.


 Such cultivation speed, at this age without any Gu Immortals helping him, was really rare.


 Han Li stood on the spot, he did not take a step ahead, he tried to turn around and look at the path he had walked on, he wanted to retreat.


 This Zhen Yuan Zi’s Gu Immortal true inheritance was too high level for him, even though it was alluring, Han Li had already woken up and faced reality.


 He thought for a while before moving his right leg towards the back.


 At the next moment, his field of vision changed.


 “I went ahead instead?”


 Han Li looked around, his expression turning pale.


 He found that the red pillar was far behind him, he had advanced by more than ten steps ahead.


 He had become much closer to that metallic crane neck lamp now.


 As long as he can get there, Han Li would be able to inherit Zhen Yuan Zi’s true inheritance.


 But right now, Han Li had already decided on retreating.


 His advancement was just because of pure chance, he had accidentally done it. His true intention was to leave the place, but he actually went forward instead.


 It was obvious that if he wanted to advance and chose other directions to move, the result would be disastrous.


 Han Li as a lone cultivator had shallow foundations in formation path, he was nearly clueless. To put it nicely, he was an unschooled cultivator with just some cheap tricks.


 He could get here because of his intelligence, his calm decisions, and pure luck.


 Out of these elements, luck was the most prominent aspect.


 And this made Han Li increasingly less confident.


 Because luck was not dependable. If a logical person does things solely based on luck, that was just gambling.


 “Sigh! I am betting my life now... it seems that moving back towards the right is safer.” Han Li observed, at this point, he was clueless, he was moving based on feelings.


 So he moved back.


 Swoosh.


 His field of vision changed again, the result was shocking, because his advancement was even greater now, he was dozens of steps ahead!


 The metallic crane neck lamp that represented success was very close to him now, Han Li could barely touch it with his arms outstretched now.


 Of course, he was still a small distance from success.


 And this tiny distance meant everything.


 Han Li hesitated.


 Facing this situation, he was sure to waver. After all, success was right in front of him, there was just one step left.


 “But is this really correct?” Han Li fell into difficult contemplation.


 Time passed quickly, but in his perception, he felt like it was only one instant.


 The difficult decision made him sweat profusely. But in the end, his reason surpassed the greed in his heart.


 “How can one blindly rely on chance in the road of cultivation?” Han Li let out a breath of air, he relaxed his body, his entire mental state settled.


 He started to find the way to retreat.


 This bronze hall was just created by the formation space. It was like the palace that Fang Yuan lived in at the Southern Border super dream realm Gu formation.


 Han Li was currently at the center of the Gu formation.


 However, the path of retreat was very obvious now.


 Even Han Li with little formation path foundation could tell.


 Han Li had a clear mind, following this path of retreat, he went back and got further away from the metallic crane neck lamp.


 “I hope my following journey is as simple and smooth as this.” Han Li thought that when his field of vision changed suddenly.


 He was shocked to find out that he had directly appeared before the metallic crane neck lamp!


 “What, what happened?” Han Li could not understand.


 A will slowly woke up in the lamp.


 An old voice spoke in Han Li’s head in a groggy tone, like it had just woken up: “Not bad, not bad, fated one, you were able to get past the formation and arrive before me, it shows that you are qualified to inherit the true inheritance.”


 Han Li was extremely embarrassed: “I, I actually wanted to leave.”


 The voice became clearer and smoother: “Hehe, this was Zhen Yuan Zi’s intention when he made the formation. When the metallic crane neck lamp is extremely close to you, any decision of moving forward is wrong. Only a Gu Immortal with incredible wisdom and deep formation path attainment will understand this. The only way forward is backwards. Or perhaps those Gu Immortals who had low formation path attainment but knew when to retreat, they would have a chance of getting the true inheritance because of their wise choice.”


 Han Li understood finally: “This means that I am the second type. And, aren’t you senior Zhen Yuan Zi’s will?”


 “Of course not, I am formation spirit Immortal Gu. I was created by senior Zhen Yuan Zi, nobody knew about me.” The voice continued.


 Han Li did not understand: “Formation Spirit?”


 “Don’t you get it? Blessed lands have land spirits, grotto-heavens have heavenly spirits, Gu formations naturally can have formation spirits... hmm? Why are you a Gu Master? You are not a Gu Immortal?!” Suddenly, the formation spirit shouted.


 “I am sorry, I really am here by chance. If I am not qualified to get the true inheritance, can I leave?” Han Li smiled awkwardly.


 The formation spirit was confused: “Unbelievable, you are not a Gu Immortal, how did you pass the middle steps? With just luck, how lucky must you be... oh no!”


 “Oh no?!” Han Li thought that the formation spirit was going to praise his luck.


 The formation spirit said loudly: “This is really bad! Zhen Yuan Zi had planned to pick a Gu Immortal inheritor. You do not have immortal essence, you cannot suppress the immemorial desolate beast green claw ghost winged lion under the formation. You obtained the true inheritance, this Gu formation is going to break apart, but you cannot subdue this green claw ghost winged lion, aren’t you going to run? No, you can’t possibly run away, right? We’re finished, you’re finished, to think that my new master who has just obtained the true inheritance is going to die like this!”


 “No, there must be a way!” Han Li did not want to give up like this.


 “There is no hope, the difference in strength is too great. Sigh...” The formation spirit that had manifested from formation spirit Gu was very pessimistic about this.


 Like what it said, the Gu formation started to break apart, the entire bronze hall started to turn hollow.


 The lamp floated and landed on Han Li’s shoulder.


 The true environment showed itself.


 This was a huge hole under the desert.


 Large amounts of sand started to fall, without the immortal Gu formation’s support, this artificially created cave started to collapse.


 Han Li had nowhere to escape.


 Before him was a huge hill-sized green claw ghost winged lion sprawling on the ground.


 It was sleeping now, if he was a Gu Immortal, he would be able to subdue it according to Zhen Yuan Zi’s arrangements, even if he could not, he could make it sleep and prevent it from troubling the inheritor.


 This was actually part of Zhen Yuan Zi’s test too.


 The green claw ghost winged lion was an immemorial desolate beast, if the inheritor was skilled enough, they would be able to control this green claw ghost winged lion.


 But Han Li was not.


 Not just that, he might get eaten by it instead.


 Sand continued to fall, landing on the green claw ghost winged lion and waking it up.


 Han Li attacked fiercely, but his mortal killer move landed on the green claw ghost winged lion like a gust of harmless wind.


 The green claw ghost winged lion leaped forward and opened its mouth, devouring Han Li entirely!



***
Chapter 1412 - Dancer Hong Yun


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A beautiful red cloud was flying in the sky.


 “Green ghost desert is ahead.” Dancer Hong Yun lay down on her red cloud as she shut her eyes in a relaxed manner.


 She had a curvy body and was wearing a red dancing dress with yellow threads, her belly was exposed as well as her arms and legs.


 There were golden jade bracelets on her wrists and ankles.


 On her fingers, there were many jeweled rings, blue, green, and red, enhancing one another’s beauty.


 Her eyes had a deep gaze, her brows were thick and long, there was a faint green light in her eyes, even though they were half closed, she was still very alluring.


 A translucent red veil was covering half her face, her tall nose and red lips were covered by the veil, it made people have the urge to explore what was truly behind that veil.


 Dancer Hong Yun, she was a seductive rank seven female Gu Immortal.


 She was once a demoness that roamed Western Desert, but unfortunately she trifled with a righteous path rank eight great expert, during the critical moment, Thousand Transformations Ancestor saved her.


 Using that opportunity, Dancer Hong Yun became one of Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubines.


 But unfortunately, she was not his type, even though she was very beautiful and sexy, her status was lower than Fairy Cui Bo in Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s heart.


 Wild winds were blowing by her ears, the red cloud was soft like cotton but also very bouncy, it was very comfortable for Dancer Hong Yun to lie down on it.


 This was Dancer Hong Yun’s signature method, immortal killer move — Dancing Red Cloud.


 Even though she did not normally have a good relationship with Fairy Cui Bo, they even competed very fiercely in secret, Fairy Cui Bo was in trouble now, Dancer Hong Yun had to go rescue her using her fastest method.


 She was unwilling, of course, but now, there was Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s will with her.


 This will was here not only to help Dancer Hong Yun, but also to supervise her.


 As long as this will was around, Dancer Hong Yun would need to do everything to save Fairy Cui Bo.


 The red cloud traveled along the way, arriving in the sky above green ghost desert, soon, the weather changed.


 Dark clouds started appearing.


 Once she entered green ghost desert, dark clouds joined together and became even thicker, covering the sky entirely.


 Ordinary deserts were hot and open.


 But in green ghost desert, there was barely any sunlight, it was dark and gloomy.


 There were many trees in this desert.


 Ghost crying trees were one of the types that had the highest numbers.


 This ghost crying tree was very twisted in shape and full of natural holes inside. It had deep tree bark markings, resembling the faces of crying humans.


 Every time the wind blew on the ghost crying tree, it would shake slightly and emit a shrill scream, or terrifying cry.


 Even during the day, this place was cold and dark, soul beasts roamed freely. When it was night time, cold bone-chilling winds would blow as countless ghosts wandered.


 Dancer Hong Yun rode on her dancing red cloud as she moved past the dark clouds with a repressed feeling.


 She was no longer as relaxed as before, she sat cross-legged and opened her eyes, staying vigilant at all times.


 Green ghost desert was a famous place of danger in Western Desert.


 It was related to a Demon Venerable in history.


 That was the famed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable became a venerable, he had fought with a super clan here, he murdered all of the Gu Immortals in this Western Desert wood path clan overlord that were here.


 The aftermath of the battle turned area this into green ghost desert.


 This place seemed to be filled with the hatred and anger of the losers, they were filled with unhappiness and grief towards their horrible fate.


 This was an ominous land.


 There were a vast number of soul beasts living here. Even immemorial soul beasts were not rare.


 After a hundred thousand years, there were many Western Desert Gu Immortals who died here.


 Dancer Hong Yun had the guts to travel here, it was not because of her rank seven cultivation level or battle strength, it was because she had Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s will and rank eight Immortal Gu.


 And her travel route was just a corner of green ghost desert, she did not truly enter it deeply.


 Thus, she chose to advance like this.


 The cloud continued flying ahead, across the dark sky, it was very eye-catching.


 Howl—!


 There was a long howl resembling a wolf’s cry, a huge hill-like soul beast appeared above Dancer Hong Yun, emerging from the deep dark clouds.


 This was an ancient soul beast, it thought of Dancer Hong Yun as prey, opening its mouth and pouncing at her.


 Dancer Hong Yun’s pupils shrunk, she gritted her teeth and was about to strike.


 At this time, Thousand Transformations’ will spoke: “Let me handle it, Hong Yun, just advance.”


 Dancer Hong Yun heard this and became overjoyed, she listened to him.


 Dancing red cloud did not stop at all, it continued forward without changing directions.


 The rank eight Immortal Gu activated, as a strange resonance targeted the ancient soul beast.


 The ancient soul beast opened its mouth, its huge body covered Dancer Hong Yun under its shadow, but at the crucial moment, its attack stopped eerily.


 Next, its head exploded as a monkey jumped out, its claws turned into vines, its fur turned into grass, and from its flesh, countless crocodiles jumped out.


 At once, the ancient soul beast broke apart and turned into countless random things.


 Next, they fell from the sky, it was like a drizzle.


 “So, so impressive, this is the power of rank eight mutation Immortal Gu?” Looking back, Dancer Hong Yun was filled with shock.


 Killing an ancient desolate beast like killing a chicken.


 It was too simple.


 Dancer Hong Yun was aware that if she had to act personally, she would need to fight for a hundred rounds to force this ancient soul beast to retreat, if she was lucky, she might be able to kill it.


 Once the ancient soul beast died, the ancient soul beasts near its territory became stirred up, they emerged from the dark clouds.


 Thousand Transformations’ will snorted coldly, he stopped concealing it as the rank eight Immortal Gu aura leaked out.


 Feeling this aura, many ancient soul beasts returned to their hiding spots in the dark clouds, they did not want to mess with this troublesome foe.


 Of course, a portion of the ancient soul beasts still wanted to attack Dancer Hong Yun, they were not deterred.


 This was not a rank eight Gu Immortal’s aura, after all, it was just a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Soul beasts did not have high intelligence, but after killing all the ancient soul beasts that attacked, Dancer Hong Yun felt relieved and increasingly relaxed.


 After experiencing her power, the remaining ancient soul beasts left her alone.


 These wild soul beasts had survival instincts, after feeling a life-threatening danger, they would choose to back off.


 Roar—!


 Just as Dancer Hong Yun relaxed her mind slightly, a loud beast roar resounded in her ears like thunder.


 A huge lion with grey-white ghost wings on its back pounced at her fiercely.


 Seeing this, Dancer Hong Yun’s heart shook as she shouted: “Oh no, this is a green claw ghost winged lion, an immemorial desolate beast!!”



***
Chapter 1413 - Rank Eight Mutation Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Green claw ghost winged lion!


 This lion had a huge size, it ate souls as food.


 Currently, this type of immemorial desolate beast was very rare. During Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s era, it was very common.


 In fact, back then, green claw ghost winged lions were a huge hurdle for Spectral Soul in his youth.


 After all, this immemorial desolate beast countered soul path. And even before Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, he used soul path as his main method.


 However, in the end, Spectral Soul was superior, not only did he kill green claw ghost winged lions, he even excavated and obtained their innate talent.


 Thereafter, when Spectral Soul had rank eight cultivation level, he often captured green claw ghost winged lions and finally managed to create the unprecedented soul devouring method!


 The green claw ghost winged lion was very famous, when it appeared in front of Dancer Hong Yun, the latter could not help but be shocked.


 But at the crucial moment, Thousand Transformations’ will told her: “Don’t worry, this lion’s ghost wings are not outstanding, it is still very weak. This shows that it is not in a good condition, we can fight it.”


 Dancer Hong Yun heard this and calmed down instantly.


 She took a look, indeed, the ghost wings of the green claw ghost winged lion were very thin, they were rather unfitting with the green claw ghost winged lion’s huge body.


 Dancer Hong Yun felt slightly ashamed, thinking: “Husband’s will only has one rank eight Immortal Gu and a great amount of immortal essence, he has no investigative immortal methods, but he could expose the green claw ghost winged lion’s weakness immediately. In contrast, I had the methods but was stunned and petrified, that should not have happened.”


 As she calmed down, she rode on the dancing red cloud and flew in an arc to avoid the green claw ghost winged lion.


 Soon, she pulled some distance away from it.


 “Hehe, this green claw ghost winged lion is really not in good condition, if it was even at thirty percent of its prime, you would not have been able to escape.”


 Thousand Transformations’ will laughed, floating out and appearing beside Dancer Hong Yun.


 Thousand Transformations’ will directed its immortal essence into the rank eight Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu aura suddenly became extremely dense.


 A mystical wave suddenly shot out, landing on the green claw ghost winged lion.


 At the next moment, the green claw ghost winged lion screeched in pain as its tail turned into a venomous python.


 The python had a long body, it coiled around the green claw ghost winged lion’s body and bit on its face with its venomous teeth.


 The green claw ghost winged lion quickly waved its black claws towards the python’s body and head.


 But the python was very tough, it actually went into a deadlock with the green claw ghost winged lion.


 At once, the green claw ghost winged lion flapped its wings as it moved about in the sky, fighting with the python.


 Dancer Hong Yun sat on her red cloud as she rose into the sky, staring at the battle vigilantly.


 Thousand Transformations’ will was beside her, using that mysterious rank eight Immortal Gu on the green claw ghost winged lion continuously.


 With the mystical wave, soon, on the fur of the green claw ghost winged lion, tree buds started growing.


 These were the ghost crying tree’s buds.


 The roots of the ghost crying trees started to grow in the flesh of the green claw ghost winged lion, absorbing nutrients.


 The green claw ghost winged lion screeched in pain, it went berserk as it smashed the buds growing on its face and also destroyed the head of the python.


 Even though the python’s body was still coiled around the green claw ghost winged lion, it had thoroughly died with no strength remaining.


 The green claw ghost winged lion was in a terrible state, its injuries were severe now.


 “This is Thousand Transformations’ signature Immortal Gu, Mutation! It can mutate everything, the green claw ghost winged lion’s fur and tail became trees and python respectively.”


 “The green claw ghost winged lion destroyed them, but it was actually damaging itself since they had the same origin.”


 Dancer Hong Yun watched the battle as her heart shook, even though she had some understanding towards mutation Immortal Gu, after seeing this battle personally, she was still deeply impacted.


 Thousand Transformations’ will said solemnly: “As expected, this green claw ghost winged lion is not normal, it has deep injuries in its body, it only has ancient desolate level battle strength, and its ghost wings are useless. Strange... it should not lack food inside green ghost desert.”


 Even though he was suspicious, Thousand Transformations’ will did not stop attacking.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation activated again.


 This time, the green claw ghost winged lion’s right eye mutated, it turned into a venomous bee.


 The bee did not fly away, it raised its venomous stinger and stabbed into the green claw ghost winged lion’s eye socket, before piercing into its brain.


 Howl!


 The green claw ghost winged lion screamed desperately, causing huge sound waves to push away the dark clouds above it.


 But its torture had not ended.


 Soon, under the might of rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation, its claws and teeth grew rapidly, into ancient desolate plants.


 The green claw ghost winged lion moved its wings rapidly and rushed down, trying to escape.


 But Dancer Hong Yun did not let it go, she brought Thousand Transformations’ will along with her.


 Eventually, the green claw ghost winged lion crashed into the desert, creating a huge dust cloud several tens of feet in height.


 When the dust settled, the mangled green claw ghost winged lion was motionless on the desert, it was dead.


 “Go clean up the battlefield.” Thousand Transformations’ will informed as it went back into Dancer Hong Yun’s body along with the Immortal Gu.


 Dancer Hong Yun’s eyes shone, she almost pounced at the green claw ghost winged lion’s corpse.


 “I’m rich!”


 “This is the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast, rank eight immortal materials are rare even in treasure yellow heaven, it can refine rank eight Immortal Gu.”


 Dancer Hong Yun started to process the corpse with difficulty.


 Even though she was a rank seven expert, faced with the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast, she could not dissect it easily.


 After a lot of effort, Dancer Hong Yun managed to dissect half of it.


 “It is a pity that the mutated portions of the green claw ghost winged lion cannot be used, they have no value. Hmm?”


 When she tore open the green claw ghost winged lion’s stomach, Dancer Hong Yun unexpectedly found Han Li.


 Han Li had already fainted, he was barely alive.


 “Why is there a mortal Gu Master here?” Dancer Hong Yun found it strange, she laughed: “Should I call you lucky or unlucky? You met an immemorial desolate beast, but it was the green claw ghost winged lion that devoured souls, because you have a physical body, you survived until now inside its stomach. If this was a normal immemorial desolate beast, you would have turned into meat paste already.”


 Dancer Hong Yun stretched her arm out and soul searched Han Li.


 It was strange that a mortal Gu Master appeared here out of nowhere. Dancer Hong Yun was curious and wanted to know information about Han Li.


 “Hmm? This fellow is called Han Li? Even though he has no background, his luck is really good.”


 “This... is Zhen Yuan Zi’s formation path true inheritance?!”


 Suddenly, Dancer Hong Yun’s pupils expanded, her eyes shined brightly as her breathing became rough.



***
Chapter 1414 - True Inheritance Changes Owners


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dancer Hong Yun primarily cultivated cloud path, but because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, soul searching methods became easy to learn, almost every Gu Immortal knew them.


 Right now, as she soul searched Han Li, she learned about his experiences, and also his time inside the Gu formation.


 “Interesting!” Dancer Hong Yun grabbed Han Li and went beneath the desert, quickly arriving at the underground cave.


 The cave was nearly collapsed, but Dancer Hong Yun found that a small Gu formation was at a corner of the cave.


 She arrived in front of it, a path opened to the Gu formation, the formation spirit was inside, saying: “Master!”


 The formation spirit was calling for Han Li, of course.


 “What a formidable formation spirit! The Gu formation had broken apart earlier, but it managed to assemble it again, this must be the work of the formation spirit.” Dancer Hong Yun was moved.


 “This way, Zhen Yuan Zi’s true inheritance is also intact. Haha, this immortal opportunity is mine!” Dancer Hong Yun was extremely happy as she laughed.


 Bright light shone across her eyes, carrying Han Li, she said: “Little fellow, I saved your life, in return, you will hand this true inheritance over to me completely.”


 Han Li opened his eyes: “Alright.”


 “You heard him, formation spirit, your master has given everything to me.” Dancer Hong Yun turned around and said to the formation spirit.


 “This...” The formation spirit was hesitant.


 “What? You want to defy your master’s orders?” Dancer Hong Yun frowned slightly.


 The formation spirit was silent.


 Dancer Hong Yun sneered: “Formation spirit, your original owner was Zhen Yuan Zi, he created the true inheritance to pass it down to future individuals, now that Han Li has met the requirements to become your new master, are you going to go against that?”


 “Of course not.” The formation spirit said without hesitation.


 “Then will you listen to your new master Han Li’s words?” Dancer Hong Yun asked.


 “I will.” The formation spirit said without hesitation again.


 “In that case, Han Li is giving you to me to repay my act of gratitude, will you resist?” Dancer Hong Yun pressured.


 The formation spirit was silent for a while, it felt that something was amiss, but it did not know what.


 In the end, it sighed as it said: “No denying it, you are my new master.”


 “Hahaha, that is it, submit to me without any resistance.” Saying this, Dancer Hong Yun injected her immortal essence.


 The formation spirit did not resist, it was refined easily by the immortal essence.


 It was the core of this Gu formation, it could manipulate the formation in place of the Gu Immortal, as long as there was enough immortal essence storage.


 The formation spirit submitted to Dancer Hong Yun, the other Gu worms also went along with it, the immortal Gu formation quickly changed owners. 

 Dancer Hong Yun received several Immortal Gu, a large number of mortal Gu, as well as Zhen Yuan Zi’s complete formation path true inheritance from the formation spirit.


 The immortal formation was completely open to Dancer Hong Yun without any concealment now.


 Dancer Hong Yun laughed loudly, she did not go in immediately, instead, she waved at Han Li.


 Guh.


 With a soft sound, Han Li turned into a pile of flesh, he was completely dead, even his soul was decimated.


 It turned out that Han Li did not actually wake up, Dancer Hong Yun used her immortal level methods to instill her will and manipulate Han Li, having him agree to hand over the true inheritance to her.


 It was very difficult to take Immortal Gu.


 But Han Li was a mortal, while Dancer Hong Yun was a Gu Immortal.


 The difference between immortal and mortal was too big, Dancer Hong Yun completely suppressed him with her strength, he could not resist at all.


 Of course, if a mortal truly owned an Immortal Gu, it would not be easy for the Gu Immortal to take their Immortal Gu.


 If they were not careful, the mortal will destroy the Immortal Gu with them, there would be nothing to gain.


 Dancer Hong Yun’s situation was very special.


 Even though Han Li passed the test and became the true inheritance’s inheritor, because of the green claw ghost winged lion, he did not refine the formation spirit or any of the other Gu worms.


 Thus, the Gu worms left by Zhen Yuan Zi were still filled with Zhen Yuan Zi’s will.


 This was a loophole that Dancer Hong Yun made use of.


 There was another special reason, it was the formation spirit.


 Formation spirit Immortal Gu was a unique creation of Zhen Yuan Zi, he replicated land spirits and heavenly spirits, to create a formation spirit for the Gu Immortal, to assist in manipulating it.


 Formation spirit Immortal Gu was a one time consumable Gu worm, the Immortal Gu would vanish after using it once, instead, a formation spirit would be born.


 In the future, if a Gu Immortal wanted to use formation spirit Immortal Gu again, they would need to refine a new one.


 The formation spirit had a certain level of intelligence, it was similar to land spirits and heavenly spirits, it could not lie, it was quite artless.


 This gave Dancer Hong Yun the chance to lie and deceive it, attempting to convince it.


 If there was no formation spirit and only a bunch of Gu worms, they could not talk to Dancer Hong Yun, she could not convince them.


 But all in all, Dancer Hong Yun inherited Zhen Yuan Zi’s formation path true inheritance.


 “Zhen Yuan Zi was a Gu Immortal from the super force Che clan, to think that as a righteous path member, he actually left his true inheritance here instead of giving it to his clan.” Thousand Transformations’ will sighed: “It seems that the rumors were true, Zhen Yuan Zi was not on good terms with the clan, he was pushed aside by their Gu Immortals.”


 “This was all thanks to you, husband, that we could obtain this fortuitous encounter.” Dancer Hong Yun smiled.


 “Mm, after we save Cui Bo, and return to myriad statue desert, you will hand the true inheritance over to my main body. Don’t worry, you will get your benefits.” Thousand Transformations’ will said plainly.


 Dancer Hong Yun’s felt some loss, she knew that if the true inheritance was handed over, the essence of it would be taken by Thousand Transformations Ancestor, it was uncertain how much would be left to her.


 But she had to give it to him.


 Throughout the process, Thousand Transformations’ will was with her, watching everything.


 Dancer Hong Yun had good strength, but against a rank eight existence, she had no strength to resist.


 “But in the first place, if I was alone, I would not have taken this risk. We could encounter Zhen Yuan Zi’s true inheritance because of husband’s will.”


 Thinking of this, Dancer Hong Yun’s mind became more peaceful.


 She inspected her gains, there were three Immortal Gu, two were formation path Immortal Gu. Even though it was just a few, they were all rank seven.


 And the formation spirit was considered half an Immortal Gu.


 If not for the fact that this Gu formation broke apart once, Dancer Hong Yun would have even greater gains.


 After changing her location, Dancer Hong Yun internally cursed at Han Li for being trash, a mere mortal who dared to try getting a Gu Immortal true inheritance, he truly deserved death!



***
Chapter 1415 - Fixed Luck


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Master, you cannot dismantle the Gu formation. Once this Gu formation is destroyed, I will also be destroyed.” At this time, the formation spirit said to Dancer Hong Yun.


 Dancer Hong Yun nodded.


 This formation spirit was really useful.


 When the Gu formation collapsed earlier, without anybody controlling it, it should have just broken apart entirely. But because of the formation spirit, a portion of the Gu formation was salvaged and made into a smaller incomplete formation, it managed to last until now.


 Just like how land spirits could fix their blessed lands when they had holes, formation spirits could do the same.


 Dancer Hong Yun was not going to give up such a useful formation spirit.


 The formation spirit said again: “Thankfully, there is a formation flag Gu in the Gu formation. Master should first use formation flag Gu, keep this Gu formation in formation flag Gu, before placing it into your immortal aperture.”


 Back then, since Zhen Yuan Zi created formation spirit Immortal Gu, he naturally understood its limitations, thus, he created formation flag Gu to supplement it.


 Earlier, when the Gu formation collapsed, the formation spirit first salvaged formation flag Immortal Gu, thus, Dancer Hong Yun only needed to learn to control it now.


 Some days later.


 The night sky was filled with bright stars.


 The air was cold, there was fog.


 In Western Desert, on a very ordinary sand dune, the light on Fang Yuan slowly faded.


 Eventually, all of his aura was concealed as the light turned into tiny specks that got drowned in the darkness of the night.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air and suddenly opened his eyes.


 “I wonder what is the final effect of this immortal killer move, fixed luck...”


 These last days, while Fang Yuan was escaping, he had been using this immortal killer move from time to time.


 He obtained fixed luck from Ma Hong Yun.


 Fang Yuan found fixed luck from Ma Hong Yun’s soul, of course, it meant that the killer move, fixed luck, was a part of all living beings luck from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritance.


 Fixed luck was very suitable for Fang Yuan.


 Its effect was to make one’s luck unwavering and not easily influenced.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been afraid of the weakness of Connect Luck.


 After all, back then when he used Connect Luck on Han Li, Hong Yi, and Ye Fan, it was because they had strong luck. But things changed, after obtaining Dog Shit Luck, Fang Yuan’s luck was superior to them.


 This meant that Fang Yuan had to split his good luck to Han Li and the others.


 This was detrimental to him.


 Especially when using burning soul bursting luck, the luck he gained would not fully benefit him, a portion would be split to the rest of them.


 In the past, Fang Yuan did not have a choice, but after killing Ma Hong Yun, he had a method now.


 Fixed luck was the solution.


 The core of this killer move was stubborn Immortal Gu, and rule path Immortal Gu ‘Main’. But after Fang Yuan’s modification, this killer move used precaution Immortal Gu and rule path Immortal Gu ‘Big’ instead.


 Fang Yuan had precaution Immortal Gu long ago, while ‘big’ Immortal Gu was obtained from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was a miniman Gu Immortal. After using ‘big’ Immortal Gu, his body would expand and he would become a human Gu Immortal.


 However, Fang Yuan’s luck path attainment was not at grandmaster level, the modification of the move only succeeded partially.


 This killer move still had some flaws, when activating it, even if Fang Yuan made no mistakes, there was still a chance of failure.


 That was the say, this killer move, fixed luck, was not reliable upon activation.


 Fang Yuan knew the weakness, but because of his low attainment level, he could not fix it or modify it properly.


 In the past, Fang Yuan had been desiring break luck Immortal Gu, but now, even though he did not have break luck Immortal Gu, he had fixed luck, he could defend his own interests.


 Fixed luck’s effect could not be seen physically, he was unsure of the effect.


 But according to the content of all living beings luck, Fang Yuan knew: When two people had a close relationship, their luck would be joined together. If two people were on the same side, their luck would unify, they would rise together or go down together. This was what it meant to enjoy fortune and endure misfortune together.


 However, through Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s research, he found that even if luck was unified, there were subtle profound differences.


 Even though fortune could be shared, and misfortune could be endured together.


 Some people would get more fortune and suffer less misfortune.


 Why?


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable realized that the person with greater luck between these two would gain more benefits, the one with weaker luck would suffer more hardship, and even bring great benefits to the other person when they gain benefits themselves.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable named this relationship as the main luck and sub luck, creating their respective luck path Immortal Gu. However, Fang Yuan did not have main luck Immortal Gu and sub luck Immortal Gu now.


 Even without them, Fang Yuan could fix his own luck and create differences between his own luck and others, becoming the main luck.


 After resting for a while, Fang Yuan put fixed luck behind him as he went back to modifying the killer move, self cleansing.


 In terms of formation path, Fang Yuan was much more confident, after all, he was a formation path grandmaster.


 With his advantage, his progress in this aspect was rapid.


 Thus, turning the entire self cleansing killer move into a Gu formation was only a few steps away from finishing.


 Success was around the corner, but Fang Yuan’s worry was that he lacked the crucial formation path Immortal Gu.


 Lang Ya Sect’s formation plate Immortal Gu could be borrowed, but it was only rank six. Meanwhile, the self cleansing immortal formation was at rank seven.


 Using rank six formation plate Gu for a rank seven immortal formation, the chances of failure were high.


 There was another point, the formation plate Gu recorded the sub-main teleportation Gu formation of Lang Ya Sect, if Fang Yuan wanted to use it to make the self cleansing formation, he would need to erase the content of the sub-main teleportation Gu formation.


 Next, he would need to set up the formation using formation plate Gu, after one success, formation plate Gu would have the ability to set up the self cleansing formation itself.


 This was a problem.


 Fang Yuan had negotiated with Lang Ya land spirit before.


 The sub-main teleportation formation was too important to Lang Ya land spirit and Lang Ya Sect, it affected their development.


 Lang Ya Sect had no formation path Gu Immortals, the teleportation formations were created relying on this formation plate Immortal Gu.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to erase the information in formation plate Immortal Gu and put in new details, it would mean that Lang Ya Sect would lose the ability to set up the sub-main teleportation Gu formation.


 This was unacceptable to Lang Ya land spirit.


 They did not have information path methods to extract the information recorded in formation plate Gu.


 Simply looking at the process of formation plate Gu setting up the immortal Gu formation could not explain all of its profundities, there were many hidden details like instilling immortal essence, or the cooperation of Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan had to reassure Lang Ya land spirit that as a formation path grandmaster, he could recreate the sub-main teleportation formation.


 Lang Ya land spirit was hesitating now.



***
Chapter 1416 - Hong Yun’s Pursuit


***





 Chapter 1416: Hong Yun’s Pursuit


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was helpless.


 He could not force Lang Ya land spirit to do anything.


 Right now, he was stuck here, even if he wanted to continue deducing the self cleansing formation, without the crucial Immortal Gu, it would not work.


 “And most importantly, I need to borrow Lang Ya Sect’s strength to refine Gu.”


 Fang Yuan obtained Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he lacked many Immortal Gu, he had a bunch of plans for what Immortal Gu to refine next.


 If Lang Ya land spirit thought about it for a long time and still rejected him, what would he do?


 Fang Yuan had considered this problem.


 He always did things by considering the worst possible outcome first.


 “If Lang Ya land spirit refuses to lend formation plate Immortal Gu, I will need to use other people’s immortal apertures.”


 Fang Yuan had a lot of dao marks, it was hard to get into the immortal apertures of the other Shadow Sect Gu Immortals.


 Unless they placed their immortal aperture to form a blessed land with deep foundation, then it would be possible.


 After Fang Yuan entered another immortal aperture, he could use time path methods to expand the tributary of the River of Time and increase the rate of time inside.


 That way, one day in the outside world would be half a month inside the immortal aperture.


 This would allow him to obtain a huge amount of precious time to work with.


 Next, he would set up the self cleansing immortal Gu formation in the blessed land, and Fang Yuan would enter it to cleanse his detrimental dao marks.


 This was the plan that Fang Yuan would use if he had no alternatives left.


 Because its flaw was equally big.


 After placing the immortal aperture, the position would be fixed, by then, it would be dangerous if Feng Jiu Ge pursued them. Did Feng Jiu Ge have any method to break into an immortal aperture?


 It was possible.


 Even if Feng Jiu Ge did not, he was backed by Spirit Affinity House and Heavenly Court, they would not let him have this limitation.


 There was another important point, once the time path method was used, the tributary of the River of Time would change. And this modification could not be adjusted against for a period of time.


 For example, if Fang Yuan made the time in Hei Lou Lan’s immortal aperture accelerate, for a few months, he would not be able to change the tributary size again.


 Inside Hei Fan’s time path true inheritance, be it days pass like years or months pass like years, they had this problem when trying to modify the tributary of the River of Time to affect the rate of time.


 Because these killer moves were one time activation moves with lasting effects. If one tries to influence the tributary of the River of Time consecutively over a short period, time path dao marks would be disrupted, the tributary would be in disastrous turmoil.


 Fang Yuan already knew the time of arrival for the Gu Immortals’ calamities and tribulations, after calculating, he realized that if he used this method, one of them would need to undergo their immortal aperture’s tribulation.


 This was troublesome.


 All along, heaven’s will has been trying to find ways of killing Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan could choose other people’s immortal apertures, heaven’s will could see everything, and everyone that is linked to Fang Yuan. During the tribulation, heaven’s will would definitely use all its power to kill the Gu Immortal undergoing tribulation.


 Fang Yuan and the rest could collaborate to deal with the calamities and tribulations.


 But Heavenly Court had pursuers.


 Looking at the time and their speed, placing the immortal aperture would not be able to get rid of the investigative killer move at once. That way, Fang Yuan would need to endure an immortal aperture’s tribulation and face the assault of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals together.


 It was too risky!


 If Fang Yuan used his sovereign immortal aperture for it, it would be even more dangerous.


 Fang Yuan had another concern: “Last time, only Feng Jiu Ge came, I wonder how many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would show up next time!”


 Thus, during this period, Fang Yuan had been moving around, not giving these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals a chance to encircle him.


 Western Desert was so huge, while Heavenly Court had to enter another region to fight, with Fang Yuan and the others using Omni-directional Travel, it was very difficult to find and kill him.


 When time was up, several figures flew towards him in the sky.


 They were Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the others.


 Usually, when Fang Yuan cultivated or made deductions, they would spread out and guard the surroundings for him.


 “Fang Yuan, when will that immortal Gu formation be completed? How long must we continue to run around?” At this moment, Bai Ning Bing flew down, frowning as she asked impatiently.


 Fang Yuan did not need to look around, he could feel that the rest of the Gu Immortals had looked towards him because of the questions.


 “Wait a bit more.” Fang Yuan said plainly.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, her expression was of displeasure.


 She was the most impatient person among them, this type of lifestyle was not exciting, she felt extremely bored.


 “Aren’t you able to create that immortal Gu formation? Set up another one and kill all of the Heavenly Court pursuers again.” Bai Ning Bing suggested.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “Do you think the immortal Gu formation is easy to set up? We need a tributary of the River of Time.”


 The immortal Gu formation used to harm Feng Jiu Ge earlier came from Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Hei Fan created this formation to defend against immemorial year beasts.


 Because the use of years flow like water Immortal Gu would attract immemorial year beasts that would enter the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture through the tributary of the River of Time, Hei Fan used this immortal Gu formation on the tributary, so that when an immemorial year beast entered and the Gu Immortal could not deal with it, they could detonate the formation and destroy the tributary of the River of Time, forcing that immemorial year beast back into the river.


 Of course, this method was a trump card that could only be used when there were no other options.


 With the destruction of the tributary of the River of Time, the immortal aperture’s time would freeze, it would be extremely difficult to draw in another tributary, they would need one from the outside world.


 “I have the same feelings as you, I do not like being hunted down.”


 “But I would rather accumulate the hatred in my heart, to wait for a proper time to counterattack and deal a fatal blow to those people.”


 “Isn’t that what you want, the excitement of the future?”


 “Hmph.” Bai Ning Bing stopped speaking.


 “Alright, let’s move. This place is not safe anymore.” Fang Yuan had just said that when the expressions of Bai Ning Bing and the others changed.


 In the sky, a red cloud descended, Dancer Hong Yun was on it.


 Her face was pink and rosy, her gaze was on Fang Yuan and gang who were near the sand dune.


 “Concubine Cui, who are these people? Why are you with them?” Dancer Hong Yun asked in a reprimanding tone.


 Concubine Cui was naturally Fairy Cui Bo.


 “Hong Yun?” Ying Wu Xie was surprised, before showing an appropriate joyful expression, asking: “Why are you here?”


 The red cloud descended slowly, as Dancer Hong Yun observed this ‘Fairy Cui Bo’.


 Ying Wu Xie was currently using the body of Fairy Cui Bo, which he had possessed with his soul. There were naturally flaws now, after all, his soul was not completely compatible with the body.


 If it were an ordinary Gu Immortal possession, Dancer Hong Yun would be able to see the flaws, but this was Ying Wu Xie she was looking at.


 Who was Ying Wu Xie?


 He was a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, his soul foundation was many times that of Fang Yuan.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the creator of soul path, he had countless split souls with many identities, they lurked in the five regions and created a force, without showing any flaws. Ying Wu Xie naturally had ways to conceal his possession method.


 As expected, after Dancer Hong Yun used her investigative methods, she did not find anything amiss with ‘Fairy Cui Bo’.


 Her expression became warmer: “You were in huge trouble, your life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu were affected, thus, I came to help you. But it seems that you are in good shape, husband and I were worried for nothing.”


 Next, Dancer Hong Yun asked again: “Who are they? Hmm, they seem familiar.”


 Dancer Hong Yun’s gaze turned to Fang Yuan.


 Suddenly, her expression changed, she was shocked: “Liu Guan Yi?”


 Dancer Hong Yun was backed by Thousand Transformations Ancestor, her intel was far wider than normal Gu Immortals. After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Liu Guan Yi’s appearance was known to the world, as time passed, more and more Gu Immortals knew about him.


 And Liu Guan Yi’s appearance was the original appearance of Fang Yuan in his sovereign immortal body.


 This time, Dancer Hong Yun came very abruptly, Fang Yuan did not manage to change his appearance.


 “That is me, how should I address you?” After being exposed, Fang Yuan asked coldly and calmly.


 Dancer Hong Yun did not answer yet, she first rode the red cloud and moved back by a distance.


 Facing Liu Guan Yi, she had a heavy expression, feeling great pressure in her heart.


 This was someone who could fight with rank eight existences!


 Some time ago, his name became renowned in the world, gaining the same status as Feng Jiu Ge.


 “Thankfully, I have husband’s will and his rank eight Immortal Gu, otherwise...” Dancer Hong Yun felt relieved while her eyes darted around as she said: “Concubine Cui, despite husband’s and my concern, you mixed with Gu Immortals from other regions and worse, you did not even send us a letter.”


 Dancer Hong Yun had her own objective, she was saying this to sow discord between Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Fairy Cui Bo.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor doted on Fairy Cui Bo normally, Dancer Hong Yun was very jealous, she would not give up this chance to attack Fairy Cui Bo.


 Her words were addressed to Ying Wu Xie, but it was meant for Thousand Transformations’ will.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became solemn, while Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan subtly looked at each other.


 Dancer Hong Yun’s words were simply disregarding Liu Guan Yi, she had this level of confidence, she was definitely relying on more than just her battle strength.


 Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan understood this, but Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit did not realize this.


 “Alright, tell us your encounter, Concubine Cui, I am very curious.” At this time, Thousand Transformations’ will emerged from Dancer Hong Yun’s body.


 “There was a trump card indeed.” Ying Wu Xie thought.


 “This is the crucial moment, let’s see how Ying Wu Xie gets through this!” Bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were slightly worried.


 Ying Wu Xie had grown quickly, but he was still young, his acting was inferior to Fang Yuan, it would be quite hard for Thousand Transformations’ will to not sense a flaw in his acting!


 Could he do it?



***
Chapter 1417 - Cooperating with Thousand Transformations


***





 Chapter 1417: Cooperating with Thousand Transformations


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This was basically what happened...” As mild wind blew across the sand dune, ‘Fairy Cui Bo’ explained her side of the story.


 According to her, she was trying to find Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s inheritance, but she met with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals seemed to be familiar with her, knowing that she was Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubine.


 Even though Fairy Cui Bo used his name as deterrence, their animosity grew deeper.


 In the process of fighting, Fairy Cui Bo was hit by the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ killer moves, most of her Gu worms were destroyed.


 Fortunately, she met with Liu Guan Yi and the others.


 It turned out that Heavenly Court was chasing after Liu Guan Yi.


 The enemy of an enemy is a friend, Liu Guan Yi thus saved Fairy Cui Bo and fought to escape from Heavenly Court’s pursuit.


 But because they were hit by Heavenly Court’s investigative killer move, during this period, they had been escaping. They could not split up as the enemy would just attack them separately.


 All in all, Ying Wu Xie described it with great detail, and some of his words almost could make others feel they personally experienced the situation.


 The truth was, ever since Fang Yuan and the rest captured Fairy Cui Bo, they had excavated most of the information about Thousand Transformations Ancestor from her soul, Fang Yuan and the others came up with many plans to deal with all the possible situations.


 Ying Wu Xie’s description was a mix of truths and lies, Fang Yuan and the others turned from enemies to benefactors, while Feng Jiu Ge also appeared, his description was very realistic and did not have much tampering in it.


 The story was flawless, because Fang Yuan and the others had thought about it intensely.


 The only problem was, Fairy Cui Bo had lost all of her Immortal Gu and a large portion of her mortal Gu in battle.


 This was too coincidental.


 But there was no choice.


 If Thousand Transformations’ will wanted Ying Wu Xie to show his Immortal Gu, that would be a disaster.


 After all, the Gu worms that Fairy Cui Bo had were filled with her will, Ying Wu Xie could not use them.


 The truth was, when Fairy Cui Bo got captured by Bai Ning Bing, she had already detonated all of her Gu worms.


 Leaving no resources to the enemy!


 Thus, Fang Yuan and the rest had to say this to make up for the huge flaw.


 Dancer Hong Yun had a shocked expression on her face.


 She looked at ‘Fairy Cui Bo’, not expecting her to have met with such incredible danger.


 And the truth was, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the others were very surprised.


 Because Ying Wu Xie’s acting was excellent, he showed no flaws, it was natural and believable.


 “When did Ying Wu Xie acquire such a skill?” Hei Lou Lan was slightly surprised.


 Only Fang Yuan was not surprised at Ying Wu Xie’s performance.


 Because he had already lent attitude Gu to Ying Wu Xie. With this rank eight Immortal Gu, Ying Wu Xie’s acting was naturally flawless.


 Especially when he was up against a rank seven Gu Immortal and the will of a rank eight.


 If Thousand Transformations Ancestor was here personally, it might be a problem, but Ying Wu Xie could completely handle these two right now.


 Success!


 Be it Dancer Hong Yun or Thousand Transformations’ will, they did not doubt Ying Wu Xie’s words.


 Fang Yuan saw this and said: “Lord Thousand Transformations and Fairy Hong Yun, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals came after us, but Fairy Cui Bo was saved by us, that is the truth, right?”


 He spoke plainly with no expression, he showed the arrogance of an expert, even against a rank eight existence, he displayed no fear.


 Fang Yuan did not have attitude Gu, but his acting was profound and skillful, he could easily do it.


 He was the cause of Fairy Cui Bo’s death, but he ended up acting like her benefactor.


 This was shameless, but Fang Yuan acted like it was the truth.


 Thousand Transformations’ will went silent.


 Even though Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level, the fame of Liu Guan Yi allowed him to speak on equal terms with Thousand Transformations’ will.


 If Thousand Transformations Ancestor was here personally, Fang Yuan might not have such a status.


 But Thousand Transformations’ will and Thousand Transformations Ancestor were two different things.


 After thinking about it, Thousand Transformations’ will broke the silence: “How do you want to be rewarded?”


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, he smiled.


 His smile was bright like the sun, he was truly handsome, even Dancer Hong Yun was dazed as she looked at him.


 “I do not need a reward, but I have a suggestion.” Fang Yuan said.


 “What is it?”


 “Alliance.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Alliance?” Thousand Transformations’ will went silent again.


 Fang Yuan urged: “Thousand Transformations Ancestor, you obtained Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, you are an eyesore to Heavenly Court. Their attitude towards you is clear from their attack on Fairy Cui Bo.”


 “Because of Reverse Flow River, I was chased by Heavenly Court until I got here. We have a common enemy, that is Heavenly Court.”


 “Helping each other is helping ourselves, isn’t that true?”


 “I have a good time path method in my possession, I can slow down the rate of time in Lord Thousand Transformations’ immortal aperture, to delay your tribulations.”


 “Furthermore, I have a luck path true inheritance. Ma Hong Yun died in my hands, I have his portion of all living beings luck. This is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritance.”


 “Husband?” Dancer Hong Yun was greatly moved by Fang Yuan’s glib tongue.


 “Lord husband, I think that we can make an alliance.” Ying Wu Xie said, trying to convince Thousand Transformations’ will as well.


 Eventually, Thousand Transformations’ will spoke, but this was what he said.


 “We can have an alliance.”


 “But our cooperation must be gradual.”


 “Liu Guan Yi, you want to make use of me to deal with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, why would I not know your plan?”


 “We can cooperate mildly first, before we deepen it slowly. If our cooperation goes well, I can go and block the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals for you. If our cooperation is less than satisfactory, I will need to see your sincerity before we continue working together.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a rank eight Gu Immortal, he was not easy to deceive.


 He was an old schemer, not only did he expose Fang Yuan’s plan, he even used the pressure of Heavenly Court to force Fang Yuan to relinquish some benefits.


 “Sincerity?” Fang Yuan smiled: “Sincerity goes both ways, we saved Fairy Cui Bo, that is our biggest sincerity. What is yours?”


 Fang Yuan avoided the topic of Heavenly Court, and retaliated against Thousand Transformations’ will.


 Thousand Transformations’ will thought for a while, “We can cooperate first, like making transactions, what do you need, I will try to satisfy you.”



***
Chapter 1418 - Trap Succeeds!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Transactions?” Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows.


 He instantly understood the intention of Thousand Transformations’ will.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor obtained Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, after so many years of development, he definitely had the foundation to transact with Fang Yuan, even though he had great losses in his recent tribulation.


 But because of the tribulation, Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not want to fight. If he agreed to ally with Fang Yuan, he would need to face Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was not stupid, how could he become the shield of Fang Yuan and the others now?


 But...


 Fang Yuan’s suggestion was extremely tempting.


 Be it the time slowing methods in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, or his luck path true inheritance, they were rare ways to alleviate his problem of impending tribulations.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had just suffered a terrible loss from his tribulation, he had a huge need for such methods.


 Thinking about it, Thousand Transformations’ will felt that working with Liu Guan Yi was beneficial. But this benefit would become a huge problem in the future when Liu Guan Yi faces Heavenly Court, and Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not want to be a part of that problem.


 He was heavily injured now, if he engages in fierce fight, he would expose his currently weakened state.


 Thus, Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to transact with Fang Yuan, it was another form of cooperation.


 This way, he would fund Fang Yuan and the others, not only will he repay the favor of saving Fairy Cui Bo, he would even improve his relationship with Fang Yuan.


 There were clear benefits in this.


 Firstly, his concubine was saved by him, he had to reward him for it. Otherwise, who would help to save Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s friends or family in the future?


 Secondly, after improving his relationship with Fang Yuan, in the future, if he needs help, he can use this incident as a reason.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were all old schemers, even if this was just Thousand Transformations’ will, he had great wisdom and calculated his own gains and losses clearly.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a while before nodding: “Okay, I need formation path Immortal Gu now, do you have any?”


 Actually, Fang Yuan bore little hope in this.


 But Dancer Hong Yun was stunned.


 Thousand Transformations’ will smiled: “This is very coincidental, I do not cultivate formation path so I did not have any. But on the way here, we obtained a Gu Immortal true inheritance, it was left by a formation path expert.”


 “Oh?”


 “Hong Yun, take out your gains and let Liu Guan Yi choose.” Thousand Transformations’ will informed.


 He was clear about Zhen Yuan Zi’s formation path true inheritance. The formation path Immortal Gu was useless to the main body, it was perfect for this purpose.


 Dancer Hong Yun would not defy Thousand Transformations’ will.


 Even though she was upset, she did not hesitate, she took out that incomplete immortal formation from her immortal aperture and placed it on the sand dune.


 Fang Yuan and the others were shocked.


 This immortal formation could actually be moved.


 This was very rare.


 Because this was the framework of an Immortal Gu House!


 Immortal Gu Houses were the essence of formation path, they were immortal killer moves and also mobile immortal Gu formations.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, seeing this, he felt like something good was about to happen.


 Indeed, from Dancer Hong Yun’s description, Fang Yuan learned that this incomplete immortal formation actually contained formation flag Immortal Gu!


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Formation Flag, this was one of the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan needed!


 “Amazing!”


 “With this Gu, I will not need to negotiate with Lang Ya land spirit, or borrow formation plate Immortal Gu.”


 “It will be very convenient to set up the self cleansing immortal Gu formation, in time, all of the investigative killer move dao marks will be cleansed.”


 At this moment, Fang Yuan saw hope in the future.


 But he was still very calm on the surface, he only exposed a bit of joy.


 He looked at Thousand Transformations’ will as he said: “This incomplete immortal Gu formation is not bad. To speak the truth, I need such a Gu formation to defend against the pursuit of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, and gain a safe location to rest. I am willing to pay a huge amount of immortal materials in exchange for this incomplete immortal formation.”


 “What?” Dancer Hong Yun’s expression changed: “Liu Guan Yi is so greedy, he wants the entire immortal Gu formation?”


 Next, Fang Yuan thought about it and gave a list of immortal materials to Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 “Lord Thousand Transformations, there are only a few immortal materials in my list, but that cannot be helped, this is all I can give, and I really need this immortal formation!”


 “If this transaction goes through, I will remember this forever. In the future, if you have any needs, I will do my best to help.”


 Fang Yuan spoke earnestly.


 Dancer Hong Yun also took a look at this list, she was so furious, on the edge of exploding, she looked towards Fang Yuan with deep animosity.


 She was very unhappy: “This Liu Guan Yi is too shameless! He actually said such things.”


 But Thousand Transformations’ will agreed after some consideration: “Alright, I will accept the immortal materials, you can have the incomplete Gu formation. We have no debt to each other, your saved Fairy Cui Bo, and I did this transaction with you, this is our connection.”


 After some pause, Thousand Transformations’ will continued: “Liu Guan Yi, even though you are a junior, I have heard of your name long ago. You will definitely be extraordinary, there is no harm in befriending you. This is my information path Gu worm, if you want to make any deals in the future, contact me directly. Goodbye.”


 “Lord Thousand Transformations is truly magnanimous, I am in awe! This is my information path Gu worm, I hope you will keep it.” Fang Yuan changed his tone, not only was his expression sincere looking, he even gave his information path Gu worm.


 “Concubine Cui, let’s go.” Thousand Transformations’ will said.


 Ying Wu Xie looked at Fang Yuan deeply as he smiled at the rest: “Thank you for the concern these last few days.”


 “See you again.”


 They departed.


 Fairy Cui Bo sat on the dancing red cloud and soon flew into the sky.


 When Dancer Hong Yun and the rest left Fang Yuan’s vision, he retracted his gaze with deep battle intent in his eyes.


 “Ying Wu Xie has already sent back the information, they are returning through the same path, their destination is myriad statue desert. Come, let’s execute our plan.” Fang Yuan said.


 Lady White Rabbit went into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture as Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, and Fairy Miao Yin remained behind.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel!


 With a sharp light, at the next moment, Fang Yuan and the rest appeared in green ghost desert.


 Fang Yuan started to set up his formation while Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit helped him out.


 Hei Lou Lan was patrolling the area, preventing wild soul beasts from causing trouble.


 Bai Ning Bing flew into the sky, in the blink of an eye, she went out of Fang Yuan’s vision, she was going after Dancer Hong Yun.


 Dancer Hong Yun returned on the same route, but Fang Yuan and the others had used Omni-directional Travel, they were already ahead of her.


 An immortal formation from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance was rapidly set up.


 Fang Yuan moved proficiently while Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit cooperated with him with great chemistry.


 This immortal formation had been used multiple times already.


 Ying Wu Xie could not be discarded.


 Not only because of his strong battle strength due to the killer move, lead soul into dream, but also because of Sixth Hair.


 If Ying Wu Xie died, Sixth Hair would not work with Fang Yuan this closely. He might even think that Fang Yuan tried to get Ying Wu Xie killed, and would disregard his own safety to try and get Fang Yuan killed at all costs.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan needed Sixth Hair to refine Gu for him.


 And there was another thing, the mental state of his allies.


 If Fang Yuan gave up on Ying Wu Xie now, he would also give up on Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin in the future. Even if they showed no response to it externally, they would definitely be full of doubts and suspicion in their hearts.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were not like Hei Lou Lan. Fang Yuan did not have strong control over them.


 Using Omni-directional Travel to ambush Thousand Transformations’ will and Dancer Hong Yun, luring them into the immortal formation to kill them, that was the plan.


 Of course, this plan was based around Ying Wu Xie getting the trust of Thousand Transformations Ancestor first.


 Other than this plan, Fang Yuan had many other plans to deal with other situations.


 The more prepared he was, the greater the chances of winning.


 Be it Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan, or Ying Wu Xie, they were not going to fight unprepared.


 However, when Fang Yuan finished sixty percent of this immortal formation, Bai Ning Bing transmitted: “No need to set up, Ying Wu Xie has already succeeded!”


 Fang Yuan and the rest stopped setting up the formation as they got to Bai Ning Bing’s side.


 Over there, in the sky, there was a huge dream realm floating in the air.


 “Hahaha, Ying Wu Xie did very well this time!” Bai Ning Bing laughed: “He took down Thousand Transformations’ will and that rank seven Gu Immortal, Dancer Hong Yun, without fighting, incredible, exciting!”


 Fang Yuan also smiled lightly.


 This was a scheme.


 They had planned it long ago.


 Be it Thousand Transformations Ancestor or anyone else, as long as they gained their trust, this plan would work.


 The method used was not lead soul into dream.


 This killer move could not conceal its aura, once activated, it would be found out immediately.


 Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were the best tools for a sneak attack.


 Back then, Fang Yuan used the immortal bodies to force the Immortal Gu House of Southern Border’s Yi clan to escape.


 One skill to dominate the world!


 Even rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower did not dare to enter the dream realms.


 When everyone’s research of dream path was still at the initial stage, using dream path methods against enemies was unstoppable.


 Because being at the forefront of this era had huge advantages.


 Even Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s main body would have no answer to it, not to mention his mere will.


 Going back to two hours ago.


 On the dancing red cloud, ‘Fairy Cui Bo’ suddenly started laughing.


 “It seems that Concubine Cui got some benefits, otherwise, you would not laugh like this.” Thousand Transformations’ will said.


 “Husband understands me best. Even though I lost my Immortal Gu, my gains were huge. Husband, Hong Yun, look at this.” Ying Wu Xie took out a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 “This is... dream path?” Thousand Transformations’ will was shocked: “Concubine Cui, where did you get this?”


 “Heavenly Court is mainly pursuing Liu Guan Yi for this immortal body, it seems. I obtained this by chance, Liu Guan Yi and the others have no idea.” Ying Wu Xie said coquettishly: “Lord husband, I made such a huge contribution, how will you reward me?”


 Dancer Hong Yun scolded: “Shameless slut!”


 Thousand Transformations’ will laughed loudly: “I really need to reward you well.”


 Boom!


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body exploded at once.


 All of them were engulfed by the newly created dream realm, none flew out or escaped.



***
Chapter 1419 - Pure Dream Reality Seeker Achieves Success


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Alright, save Ying Wu Xie first, Hei Lou Lan, it will depend on you.” Fang Yuan instructed as he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, her soul came out of her body and entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture. Meanwhile, her body floated in the air, unmoving.


 Soon, a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body flew out.


 It was Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan flew into the dream realm and quickly pulled Ying Wu Xie out after a while.


 Ying Wu Xie was still dreaming, he had not woken up yet.


 This Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body self-detonated, Ying Wu Xie was at the very center, he suffered the greatest impact from the explosion. Thus, even though his body escaped the dream realm, his soul was still trapped inside the dream. It was like he had been hit by lead soul into dream, or during the time of Hei Lou Lan’s dream path tribulation.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s unravel dream killer move was very useful.


 He could not use it earlier because Thousand Transformations’ will and Dancer Hong Yun were trapped here.


 If he used unravel dream, these two would escape.


 Without the dream realm, they would wake up rapidly.


 If he wanted to unravel a portion of the dream realm, Fang Yuan could not control it so meticulously yet.


 All in all, there were huge risks in this.


 Fang Yuan had the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, he naturally chose to use this superior method.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique was created by Old Man Yan Shi, it contained dream path dao marks, Old Man Yan Shi wanted to create the eleventh extreme physique, he succeeded to an extent, but not fully, because the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique had a huge flaw, it was limited by time, once time was up, it would detonate into a dream realm.


 However, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique had its unique advantages.


 The greatest advantage was that the body could enter and exit dream realms at ease, the soul was protected and would not be lost inside dream realms!


 Back then, during the battle of the dream realm, Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest had escaped into the immortal apertures of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, before entering dream realms to escape from danger.


 After the crisis was over, they came out safely.


 Fang Yuan saw this clearly back then, it left a deep impression in him.


 Now, Fang Yuan was reenacting the same scene.


 After using unravel dream, Ying Wu Xie woke up but his soul suffered some injuries.


 Fang Yuan used guts Gu to heal all of his soul’s injuries, he went back to perfect condition.


 Now was the important part.


 If he did it well, not only would Fang Yuan capture Dancer Hong Yun, he would even obtain that rank eight Immortal Gu!


 Dancer Hong Yun, Thousand Transformations’ will, rank eight Immortal Gu, out of these three, the easiest one to deal with was Dancer Hong Yun.


 She was only a rank seven Gu Immortal, even if she was dragged out now, she would be like Ying Wu Xie earlier, deep inside her dream.


 At this time, Ying Wu Xie just needs to use lead soul into dream to seal the deal.


 Dancer Hong Yun was fish on the chopping block, she was not a concern.


 The things to consider were Thousand Transformations’ will and that rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Wills were expended in the dream realm. But different from the soul, the reason why wills got weaker was because they had to think in the dream realm.


 Any will would shrink as they thought about things.


 The more things they thought about, the faster the will is depleted.


 But the moment the will leaves the dream realm, they would recover, unlike souls.


 Thus, if Thousand Transformations’ will was not fully depleted, if Hei Lou Lan got it out, it would use the rank eight Immortal Gu on Fang Yuan and the others!


 By then, Fang Yuan and the others would face the attack of a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 And more terrifyingly, Fang Yuan and the others did not know what this rank eight Immortal Gu could do, he could not defend against it. There was nothing to prepare against it.


 Thus, they had to wait until Thousand Transformations’ will was depleted before dragging Dancer Hong Yun out, that would be the best situation.


 However, the use of immortal killer moves of other paths would not affect the dream realm at all. Even if Hei Lou Lan found Dancer Hong Yun, who was trapped in the dream realm, she could not check if Thousand Transformations’ will was fully depleted yet.


 On the other hand, lead soul into dream had no effect on Thousand Transformations’ will.


 Thousand Transformations’ will was just a will, lead soul into dream had to be used on targets with a soul.


 Thus, the crux of this plan was time.


 If he waited three to five years, this will of Thousand Transformations would definitely be depleted.


 But by then, Thousand Transformations Ancestor would have arrived!


 Thus, for Fang Yuan and the others, not to mention years, they could be in grave danger if they stayed for three days.


 Because Fang Yuan and the rest were constantly being pursued, heaven’s will was planning to encircle and trap them, the longer they stayed here, the greater the danger!


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s plan was to wait for a day, that was the limit.


 A day later, Hei Lou Lan would bring Dancer Hong Yun out of the dream realm and he would use his investigative methods to see if Thousand Transformations’ will was still around.


 There were risks of course.


 Thus, Fang Yuan and the rest were hiding far away, only Hei Lou Lan was around.


 If they succeeded, Fang Yuan would gain a new rank eight Immortal Gu!


 The risks were taken up by others, while the benefits were his own. This was what Fang Yuan was doing.


 “My only concern is that Heavenly Court or Thousand Transformations might come here during this period.” Fang Yuan thought to himself as Fairy Miao Yin’s expression changed.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is here, he is rapidly moving towards us!!” Fairy Miao Yin alerted.


 “He actually escaped from the River of Time?” Lady White Rabbit called out in dismay.


 “At this particular timing...” Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth.


 Bai Ning Bing had a cold gaze: “If we had known this, we would have set up that immortal Gu formation earlier, Feng Jiu Ge would get to taste its power.”


 “Forget it.” Fang Yuan was decisive: “Feng Jiu Ge is backed by Heavenly Court, it is not strange that he escaped from the River of Time. We will leave now, this can stay here, after all, even if Heavenly Court’s Duke Long comes here, they cannot do anything to the dream realm!”


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel!


 The immortals immediately teleported away with Fang Yuan at the lead.


 “So resolute.” Feng Jiu Ge arrived to see nobody, he smiled as he praised.


 Next, his gaze landed on the dream realm: “This is a dream realm?”


 Without need for him to report, the current situation was seen by Heavenly Court’s Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Why is there a dream realm here?”


 “What is the reason? I am afraid that this is not simple, we need to investigate it.”


 As she thought about it, Fairy Zi Wei transmitted to Feng Jiu Ge, telling him about the location of Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Feng Jiu Ge immediately chased after them with rapid speed.


 Fang Yuan and the rest quickly felt the pressure.


 When they used Omni-directional Travel, they realized that Feng Jiu Ge would chase them quickly.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is getting faster, what immortal killer move is he using?”


 “With Heavenly Court’s help, what is impossible?”


 “The important thing now is, other than Feng Jiu Ge, who else is coming?”


 Both sides chased and ran for half a day, while they were in a desert, Fang Yuan and the others frowned deeply.


 Omni-directional Travel could not be used endlessly, it expended the Gu Immortals’ own dao marks.


 If this continued, without fighting Feng Jiu Ge, their battle strength would fall drastically.


 But fighting Feng Jiu Ge was too risky.


 Not just his battle strength, but also the fact that there might be others. If there was a rank eight Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan and the rest would have a low chance of winning.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is only rank seven, Heavenly Court’s rank eights cannot enter his immortal aperture. As for Heavenly Court’s rank eight phantom apertures, they cannot contain living things. Furthermore, we have teleported to so many places, after such a distance, even if someone was behind Feng Jiu Ge, they would be left in the dust already.” Bai Ning Bing said.


 She wanted to fight.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I think so too, let’s wait for him here. If we do not beat him, he will catch up eventually.”


 Bai Ning Bing was stunned, she started to look around vigilantly.


 She understood Fang Yuan, since he wanted to fight Feng Jiu Ge, and since there was not enough time to set up an immortal Gu formation, the location he chose to fight in would be a special one.


 However, before Bai Ning Bing noticed anything, the music of an ancient zither was heard.


 Next, following some light ripples, a golden door appeared.


 From within the door, Feng Jiu Ge walked out, facing Fang Yuan and the others again.


 “Everyone, we meet again.” Feng Jiu Ge smiled as he greeted.


 Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, while Hei Lou Lan, Miao Yin, and White Rabbit were solemn.


 A person’s reputation provides shelter like the shadow of a tree.


 The mental pressure that Feng Jiu Ge imposed on them was huge!



***
Chapter 1420 - Shadow Sect Fights Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Feng Jiu Ge wore a red and white robe, he was extremely handsome, while looking at Shadow Sect’s immortals, he smiled warmly with great flair and elegance.


 He showed no battle intent or killing intent, but Shadow Sect felt great pressure from him.


 “Feng Jiu Ge...” Fang Yuan walked out and muttered.


 He was graceful and elegant, his robe was white as snow, his face was pure as jade, his eyes were dark and unfathomably deep.


 Seeing this, Lady White Rabbit’s heart jumped, she thought: “The two strongest people under rank eight in the current world are finally going to fight!”


 Speaking of which, even though Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge had not interacted for a long time, the interactions between them were quite deep and long lasting.


 Years ago, Fang Yuan snatched Hu Immortal blessed land and took away Feng Jin Huang’s fortuitous encounter, he became noticed by Feng Jiu Ge as a result.


 But at that time, Feng Jiu Ge was a great rank seven Gu Immortal, an established expert who had high fame. But Fang Yuan was just a mortal, he was like an ant, even if he was quite impressive, that was nothing much.


 Who could have thought that after a few years, not only did Fang Yuan become a Gu Immortal, he was even the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada and destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he joined the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Reverse Flow River, and the Southern Border dream realm. Right now, he was extremely famous and was pursued by Heavenly Court, his reputation was on par with Feng Jiu Ge!


 Fang Yuan saved Feng Jiu Ge, and Feng Jiu Ge saved him in return, their debts to each other had all been settled already.


 Right now, these two were fighting for their respective factions using their true strength.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you chased us all the way to this place, did you know that you are handing your life over to me?” Fang Yuan snickered, he shot out like lightning, pouncing at Feng Jiu Ge.


 Saying so, a robe and sash appeared around his body, his black hair swayed in the air as his eyes shone like lightning, he rapidly engaged in this climactic battle.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze was fixed on him.


 He had already seen the power of this world famous killer move before.


 He could guess that reverse flow protection seal was very complex and hard to activate, it needed a lot of time to set up. If he sneak attacked, Fang Yuan would not have time to use this move, the battle would be in his favor.


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan did not give Feng Jiu Ge this opportunity.


 And because Shadow Sect had superb investigative killer moves, Feng Jiu Ge could not find a chance to attack.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s assault, Feng Jiu Ge broke into a wide smile.


 He spoke openly: “I could teleport here because of my self-created immortal killer move, yang pass tune. And more importantly, my yang pass tune has not ended yet.”


 As he said that, he burst out in golden light.


 The golden light had no offensive power, but the light flickered and vanished rapidly, along with Feng Jiu Ge himself.


 “What?” At almost the same time, Fang Yuan could hear the tune of an ancient zither getting louder.


 The sound became loud and soft at times, it was as if the person playing it was moving around him.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he suddenly remembered that this was Feng Jiu Ge’s movement method that had displayed great power during the five regions chaotic war.


 It allowed Feng Jiu Ge to turn into formless sound waves and move around before turning back into human again. Sound path was not a mainstream path, and because this move was extremely unique to itself, normal methods could not restrict Feng Jiu Ge’s movement.


 “Be careful!!” Hei Lou Lan alerted.


 They had also heard the tune of the ancient zither, they all retreated subconsciously.


 But their speed was slower than yang pass tune, they did not know Feng Jiu Ge’s exact location, they could only retreat towards a random direction.


 Lady White Rabbit suddenly heard an explosion of zither music as Feng Jiu Ge formed towards the right of her instantly.


 Clang!


 Feng Jiu Ge had a curious gaze as he pointed at Lady White Rabbit, as sounds of clashing weapons could be heard.


 Lady White Rabbit screamed in a shrill voice, at this instant, she felt an intense threat of death.


 She rapidly retreated.


 But the sharp sound waves stabbed into her chest.


 At the next moment, blood spewed as black fog appeared from Lady White Rabbit’s body.


 Within the black fog, Black Tigress appeared, she flew into the sky while atop a lizard.


 Rank six Lady White Rabbit was not Feng Jiu Ge’s match. At the crucial moment, her other self, Black Tigress, appeared to save their life.


 Even so, Black Tigress was heavily injured, she quickly escaped and tried to heal herself.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not pursue her.


 He knew that his sneak attack had not succeeded, he had lost his initiative, now that everyone was alert, it would not be as effective anymore.


 And most importantly...


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned as he looked at the desert below: “This is?”


 “Anti-sound desert, the place where you die!” Saying so, Fang Yuan pounced at him again.


 “So that’s it.” Feng Jiu Ge realized, at the next moment, he turned into sound waves as yang pass tune allowed him to dodge again.


 However, Feng Jiu Ge, who reappeared elsewhere had an ugly expression.


 His smile had faded mostly, there was seriousness in his gaze.


 Western Desert’s anti-sound desert had the same fame as Southern Border’s silent hill. They were famous in the world, and were extremely unfavorable for sound path Gu Immortals.


 Because at these two places, sound path dao marks were extremely suppressed, all sound path killer moves were greatly weakened.


 Earlier, Feng Jiu Ge wanted to teleport behind Lady White Rabbit to kill her.


 But in the end, he was exposed when he got a hundred steps near her.


 This allowed Lady White Rabbit to escape from her fatal danger.


 “Anti-sound desert, in the past, this special area was stolen by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. To think that it ended up here. How did Fang Yuan know? Heh, I almost forgot that he is the new leader of Shadow Sect, it is natural that he knows some secrets.” Feng Jiu Ge guessed.


 He had guessed wrongly, Shadow Sect did not know about this place.


 Fang Yuan knew because in the five hundred years of his previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, this place was exposed and made use of.


 “Hmm?” Feng Jiu Ge’s expression suddenly changed as he looked at his arms.


 He did not know when it started, but there was a thick layer of frost on his arms and back.


 “That dragon lady Bai Ning Bing?” Feng Jiu Ge looked at Bai Ning Bing with an admiring gaze.


 Immortal killer move — Cold Eyes!


 This was Bai Ning Bing’s method.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge moved quickly, cold eyes killer move was even faster, he just had to be in Bai Ning Bing’s field of vision, it was nearly instantaneous.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed heartily as he stretched out his palm, touching the frost.


 Instantly, the sound of bells rang as the frost melted.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted as the light in her dragon eyes intensified.


 “Troublesome.” Feng Jiu Ge frowned slightly, he used yang pass tune to teleport away.


 But at the next moment, when he reappeared, not only was he met with Bai Ning Bing’s cold eyes, he was even attacked by Fairy Miao Yin’s curved moon.


 Immortal killer move — Curved Moon!


 Fairy Miao Yin’s eyes have two curved moons in them.


 Similar to cold eyes, this was a sight based attack, it was extremely quick to activate.


 Feng Jiu Ge was hit and his body shook.


 Fairy Miao Yin was shocked, she was confident in curved moon’s power, but it only made Feng Jiu Ge’s body shake.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s foundation in defense was extremely deep.


 Back then, even against Wu Yong’s battlefield immortal killer move, he lasted such a long time. This curved moon killer move was nothing much.


 Chirp chirp!


 Suddenly, the chirping of birds could be heard.


 A group of fire birds flew towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 Bam bam bam bam!


 At the next moment, the fire birds self-detonated and exploded loudly, but they soon turned silent.


 Because this was anti-sound desert.


 The explosions engulfed Feng Jiu Ge, the heat caused powerful currents to push out towards the surroundings.


 At once, red light shone on the faces of Fang Yuan and the others.


 The temperature of the place went up rapidly.


 Hei Lou Lan stood far away, battle intent surging in her eyes. This was the immortal killer move that she used — Angry Bird.


 Feng Jiu Ge reappeared at a distance.


 He was unharmed, the exploded angry birds did not affect him.


 Fang Yuan charged towards him while the other Shadow Sect immortals attacked from all directions.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed soundlessly: “Enough dodging, take this.”


 Immortal killer move — Heaven and Earth Song!


 At once, the world sang.


 Music entered the ears of the immortals, their bodies shook, they felt like the sky was tall and the earth was wide, they felt themselves becoming more insignificant and minuscule, they felt like ants, they felt like dust.


 The feeling of being small and lowly emerged in them.


 Compared to heaven and earth, they were such insects, what could they possibly amount to?


 This was the might of heaven and earth song!


 Not only were Gu Immortals affected, even their immortal killer moves were influenced, while suppressed by heaven and earth song, they would become weaker as they dissipate after a few breaths of time.


 This move was one of Feng Jiu Ge’s signature killer moves, back then during the battle of Luo Po Valley, Qin Bai Sheng and his group suffered from it.


 Now, it was time for Fang Yuan and the rest to face it.


 Hei Lou Lan and the rest did not feel good, but Fang Yuan was relentlessly moving forward.


 Reverse flow protection seal was unmoved, only some ripples appeared on the surface, not just that, it even reflected a portion of heaven and earth song’s power back to Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge tasted the power of his killer move for the first time!


 Seeing Fang Yuan, who approached brazenly, he frowned as he used yang pass tune to teleport again.


 Reverse flow protection seal rendered Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and Purple Mountain True Monarch without options, Wu Yong was also unable to get past it, not to mention Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge felt a headache seeing Fang Yuan.


 He had finally understood how Wu Yong felt.


 “Forget about Fang Yuan, I should get rid of his subordinates first!” Feng Jiu Ge did not want to fight with Fang Yuan, he placed his target on the rest.



***
Chapter 1421 - Myriad Dragon!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Feng Jiu Ge was backed by Heavenly Court, he did not lack information, he knew a lot about Shadow Sect’s immortals.


 Other than Fang Yuan, there was also Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, Black Tigress, and Fairy Miao Yin, a total of five other targets.


 Bai Ning Bing was a beautiful dragon lady, she had the fiercest offense and was likely to be the inheritor of Bai Xiang’s true inheritance.


 Hei Lou Lan had sharp eyebrows and eyes, even though she was a woman, she had a bold air and attacked with powerful flames, she had the Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 Ying Wu Xie was now using Fairy Cui Bo’s body, he wore a green dress and had alluring eyes, his methods were still concealed for the moment, Feng Jiu Ge did not recognize him and felt a little suspicious.


 Black Tigress had a ruthless gaze, her injuries had mostly healed now, she moved rapidly and cultivated dark path, she was like an assassin, moving in the periphery and staring at Feng Jiu Ge as she waited for a chance to take revenge.


 As for Fairy Miao Yin, she had already displayed her signature killer move, wondrous hand profound sound, she was beautiful and elegant, her eyes had curved moons in them, she also cultivated sound path like Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge used yang pass tune as he evaded Fang Yuan. On the other hand, he was assessing these Shadow Sect immortals.


 Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal could not be countered, but it had advantages and disadvantages, if Fang Yuan wanted to maintain it, he could not use other immortal killer moves.


 Fang Yuan had weak offense and strong defense, if Feng Jiu Ge wanted to fight Shadow Sect, he had to target the rest.


 This was the best strategy!


 But who would Feng Jiu Ge target?


 This question was on Fang Yuan and everyone else’s mind.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not going to be stupid and fight with Fang Yuan, but similarly, they had also guessed what tactic he would employ.


 It was common sense.


 Reverse flow protection seal was too powerful, there was no way for Heavenly Court to come up with ways of dismantling it in a short time.


 It was very hard to dismantle killer moves.


 But resisting and alleviating them was much easier.


 Despite this, Reverse Flow River was on par with rank nine Immortal Gu, it was a secluded domain of heaven and earth written inside >, how could it be easily countered or weakened?


 Thus, only after Heavenly Court deduced a method to unravel it would they be able to deal with reverse flow protection seal. Before that, even if Duke Long showed up, he could do nothing.


 “Among everyone, Hei Lou Lan has the lowest cultivation level at rank six, will Feng Jiu Ge target her?”


 “Fang Yuan is out of the question, but he might target Fairy Miao Yin too. After all, they both cultivate sound path, with Feng Jiu Ge’s deep foundation, he should have very effective methods against Fairy Miao Yin.”


 “He attacked Lady White Rabbit earlier, he might also attack Black Tigress while she’s still injured.”


 “What about Bai Ning Bing? She has the strongest offense among us, she is the strongest spear, if she is taken down, Feng Jiu Ge’s advantage in this battle will increase drastically.”


 “Ying Wu Xie is also a possible target, he is using Fairy Cui Bo’s body, Feng Jiu Ge is most unfamiliar with him, he might attack to probe him.”


 All sorts of analysis and guesses were in the heads of Fang Yuan and the others.


 If they managed to guess Feng Jiu Ge’s goal, they would be able to gain the initiative in battle and move more freely.


 Who would Feng Jiu Ge choose?


 At the next moment, they got their answer.


 Feng Jiu Ge jumped as yang pass tune activated, he went to the center of the battlefield.


 Next, the immortal killer move yang pass tune did not fade, but its aura changed abruptly.


 Feng Jiu Ge called out: “Why don’t you listen to my green jade song?”


 This was his signature method, the immortals heard that and retreated. Only Fang Yuan laughed as he moved forward towards Feng Jiu Ge: “Feng Jiu Ge, you are finally using some proper methods.”


 Ding ding ding...


 Music that sounded like pearls landing on a jade plate was crisp and sharp.


 Fang Yuan ignored it, he got closer to Feng Jiu Ge and used reverse flow protection seal to reflect a portion of green jade song’s power back to Feng Jiu Ge.


 But unexpectedly, Feng Jiu Ge’s green jade song killer move completely collected and preserved its power.


 Fang Yuan moved without obstruction, there was no reflected damage inflicted.


 The immortals were surprised, a vague figure emerged from Feng Jiu Ge’s body.


 This person looked like Feng Jiu Ge, but it was green in color, as if it was made of green jade.


 “What killer move is this?!” The Shadow Sect immortals felt a strong sense of threat from this mysterious figure.


 “Song warrior!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank, he remembered the information in his previous life.


 This was a powerful method of Feng Jiu Ge, it allowed the nine songs that he creates to gather into human form and attack enemies.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Feng Jiu Ge’s original nine songs were incredibly powerful, but they had one weakness, only one could be activated at a time, they were not flexible and lasted for only a short time.


 After countless battles, Feng Jiu Ge realized this weakness and went into a short period of seclusion. When he came out, he created the killer move song warrior.


 Thereafter, he could split the nine songs into temporary clones to fight strong enemies, they were flexible and agile, his battle strength surged and sent many of his enemies into deep danger.


 “To think that this famous song warrior is actually a variation move of yang pass tune. It is similar to my myriad self and strength path giant hand.”


 “In my previous life, he only created song warrior after five hundred years, why was it so early this time?”


 “No, in the five hundred years of my previous life, because Shadow Sect succeeded, the great era was stalled by a long time, maybe Feng Jiu Ge was affected by that?”


 “Or maybe, he created song warrior in advance because of Heavenly Court’s help?”


 Countless thoughts churned in Fang Yuan’s mind, he had many guesses at once.


 The green jade song warrior did not attack Fang Yuan, it pounced at Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie’s eyelids were twitching, he quickly retreated, not willing to fight head on.


 Feng Jiu Ge used yang pass tune again, moving far away from Fang Yuan, after several times, he had already used another signature killer move.


 Heaven and earth song!


 The heaven and earth song warrior attacked Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing shouted: “Come!”


 She faced with the heaven and earth song warrior, clashing as frost splattered.


 “Damn it, this cannot go on!”


 “Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie are kept busy now, we cannot suppress Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “So Feng Jiu Ge’s target was not one of us, but everyone except Fang Yuan!”


 After understanding Feng Jiu Ge’s tactic, the Shadow Sect immortals felt immense danger.


 The battle was tilting in Feng Jiu Ge’s favor, but there was nothing they could do.


 The reason was because Fang Yuan’s side was strong on defense while weak on offense, and also because Feng Jiu Ge used the optimal tactic.


 In fact, song warrior had strengths and weaknesses. If the nine songs were used on their own, they were formless and had a huge range, the power was vast and hard to defend against.


 After turning into song warriors, they would be condensed entities that could be attacked and avoided, long ranged attacks could even weaken the power of the song warriors.


 But in this battle, Feng Jiu Ge’s concerns were completely different from before.


 Firstly, he did not need to deal with Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building. This Immortal Gu House was extremely fast, if he used song warrior, it would just dodge the attacks.


 Secondly, Feng Jiu Ge did not need to attack the tributary of the River of Time.


 This time, while chasing Fang Yuan, he made sure there was not enough time for him to set up an immortal Gu formation.


 By using song warrior, even if he could not defeat them all, he could keep the Shadow Sect immortals busy, and be unable to attack together.


 Using certain tactics in certain situations, this was the decision of a Gu Immortal with the experience of countless battles.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a person who had extremely rich experience from actual battles.


 Together with his immense talent, this battle was very difficult for the Shadow Sect immortals.


 After green jade song and heaven and earth song, he used submission song and separation song.


 Four song warriors attacked, either alone or together, sending the battlefield into chaos.


 “Bastard!” Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, she retreated as she attacked with angry bird from afar, but when the move landed on the green jade song warrior, the fiery birds turned into jade birds, they shattered when they fell to the ground.


 “Penetrating ice blade.” Bai Ning Bing muttered, holding a huge ice blade as she attacked the submission song warrior, but at the crucial moment, the separation song warrior appeared to take this blow.


 The huge ice blade broke apart, separation song could separate everything, including immortal killer moves.


 The heaven and earth song warrior had the power of suppression, Ying Wu Xie and Fairy Miao Yin fought against it evenly.


 Fang Yuan had a heavy heart.


 “When Feng Jiu Ge started cultivating, he aspired to create nine songs, to express himself, to express life, and to express heaven and earth. Right now, he has already created separation song, according to my previous life’s information, he already possesses seven songs.”


 Among them, four of the songs were for offensive purposes, green jade song, heaven and earth song, submission song, and separation song. Fang Yuan had witnessed them already.


 There were two more songs, obtain treasure and towards heaven, these were used to assist in cultivation, they were not of concern to him.


 The most worrisome one was the final song.


 “That song is not easy to control, if he fails, the backlash is almost fatal. But if Feng Jiu Ge gets a chance to use it, our losses will be severe...”


 Fang Yuan was worried, but there was no way around it, his offense was too low, he could not exert pressure on Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge had high battle strength, he was skilled in manipulating the four clones, this showed that his enslavement path attainment was deeper than even Fang Yuan!


 He had already been a Gu Immortal for many years, even with Fang Yuan’s five hundred years, he could not match Feng Jiu Ge’s foundation.


 “And this is the result of fighting in anti-sound desert, Feng Jiu Ge is already suppressed. Of course, our Fairy Miao Yin is also suppressed.”


 “I need to take a risk, otherwise, if we miss this chance, we will not even have a chance to take a risk in the future.”


 Resolution shone in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 At the next moment, he deactivated reverse flow protection seal!


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation.


 Fang Yuan turned into an ancient sword dragon, next, he calmed his mind and breathed in deeply, using another signature killer move.


 Convergence of enslavement and strength path — Myriad Self!


 This was not simply ‘using myriad self on top of activating ancient sword dragon transformation’, this was a famous technique involving immortal killer moves — a combination move.


 Ancient sword dragon transformation combined with myriad self, creating — Myriad Dragon!


 Roar roar roar roar...


 At once, myriad dragons appeared, they roared as sword qi burst out rampantly, it was like a sea of silver scales.


 “This killer move... it is the one he used when he destroyed our sect’s immortal Gu formation in Eastern Sea! It has appeared again.” Ying Wu Xie was shook.


 “Fang Yuan.” Bai Ning Bing muttered, a feeling of reliance emerged in her heart.


 “Impressive.” Even Feng Jiu Ge was greatly moved.


 At once, his field of vision was covered by flying sword dragons. The sea of sword dragons submerged the four song warriors, including Feng Jiu Ge himself!



***
Chapter 1422 - Battle Result


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s current dao mark quantity was at the peak of rank seven. Myriad dragon killer move was amplified by his transformation path, sword path, and other dao marks, its power reached the very limit of a rank seven killer move.


 The dragons attacked the four song warriors fiercely.


 The green jade song warrior was surrounded by countless crumbling jade dragons, but it was unable to hold on for long as it got drowned in sword dragons.


 The heaven and earth song warrior attacked grandly with overwhelming pressure, but the dragons were too numerous, it was eventually eaten by one of them.


 The submission song warrior lasted the longest, it managed to make some of the ancient sword dragon clones submit to it, but it could not turn this situation around.


 And finally, the separation song warrior separated some ancient sword dragon clones, it charged out but was still surrounded by more sword dragons, it could not resist the tide of endless waves of dragons.


 All along, Fang Yuan’s myriad self had been high in quantity and low in quality. Especially against Gu Immortal experts, it was useless. As Fang Yuan’s enemies got stronger, myriad self had turned into a method for him to escape while using familiar face.


 But now, after creating this combination move, using myriad self on top of ancient sword dragon transformation, the effect had been elevated to achieve a qualitative change.


 Ancient sword dragon transformation used rank seven dragon breath Immortal Gu and dragon scale Immortal Gu, as well as rank six dragon strength Immortal Gu, he had the constitution of an ancient desolate beast.


 The clones of the ancient sword dragon were not comparable with the myriad self killer move clones at all!


 This was the strongest attacking method that Fang Yuan currently possessed.


 The myriad dragons engulfed the four song warriors, before encircling Feng Jiu Ge tightly.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he directly mobilized the dragon group, attacking Feng Jiu Ge from all directions.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s admiration faded from his gaze as he clenched his right fist and punched forward.


 Bang!


 A loud drum sound shook heaven and earth, it was like rumbling thunder, five or six ancient sword dragon clones were destroyed.


 At almost the same time, Feng Jiu Ge’s left hand palm slapped towards the side.


 Ding!


 The chimes of the bell caused several ancient sword dragons to stop their movement, before their bodies shook and they disintegrated into nothingness after a breath’s time.


 Drum fist!


 Bell palm!


 Feng Jiu Ge continued to attack, there were unceasing sounds as he attacked to defend himself, forcing the ancient sword dragons to stay away from him.


 Myriad dragon could send most rank seven Gu Immortals in this world into mortal danger. But against Feng Jiu Ge, it was not enough.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s accumulation of sound path dao marks was simply too deep, even inside the anti-sound desert, his power could not be fully suppressed.


 But Fang Yuan felt some surprise upon seeing this.


 “It is a bit strange.”


 “Why is Feng Jiu Ge not using yang pass tune?”


 “In this situation, the song warriors are already destroyed, Feng Jiu Ge can totally move away and avoid my attacks, he would be able to expend less immortal essence at a steady rate.”


 “Unless he is preparing a certain immortal killer move...”


 “But he is using drum fist and bell palm already, there is a low possibility of him using other killer moves. And he is not going to use a killer move under such a dangerous situation, right?”


 “This means, there is likely to be one reason. The information in the five hundred years of my previous life was not without reason, it seems.”


 All sorts of thoughts collided and sparked in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 At the next moment, he turned back to human and told the Shadow Sect immortals: “We will retreat!”


 Ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel activated again as Feng Jiu Ge smiled bitterly, watching Fang Yuan and the others leave without giving chase.


 It turned out that even though his movement killer move, yang pass tune, was very superb, it could even contain a variation move, song warrior, it had one weakness.


 That was a time limit.


 Each activation of yang pass tune lasted a limited amount of time.


 Once it was up, yang pass tune’s effect would vanish, and Feng Jiu Ge would only be able to use it after fourteen hours.


 Thus, for Feng Jiu Ge, this was a very precious immortal killer move, he would not use it casually in normal battles.


 Because once he used the killer move, he would be faced with a time limit.


 Once he could not end the battle within the time limit, Feng Jiu Ge would not have a better movement method to leave the battlefield.


 In the battle with Wu Yong earlier, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was too fast, even if Feng Jiu Ge used yang pass tune, he could not escape.


 Earlier when chasing Fang Yuan, because he used Omni-directional Travel, Feng Jiu Ge had to use yang pass tune to catch up.


 When Fang Yuan used myriad dragon, yang pass tune’s time limit was up, Feng Jiu Ge could only smile bitterly in his heart as he used drum fist and bell palm to defend against myriad dragon.


 After Fang Yuan and the rest left, myriad dragon slowly faded away.


 In the huge battlefield, only Feng Jiu Ge was left.


 He was completely unharmed, he was still graceful and elegant, as if he had not fought in the battle earlier.


 Fang Yuan successfully retreated, Feng Jiu Ge did not feel dejected, he even smiled lightly.


 “Fighting with Fang Yuan, how can it be settled in one battle?”


 “There has to be lots of probing, after finding out all his trump cards, I will be able to kill him. But before that, there is Heavenly Court’s mission to force Fang Yuan and give us a chance of destroying Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “Fang Yuan seems to know a lot about me, is it because of Spring Autumn Cicada?”


 “That new female immortal looks like Fairy Cui Bo from Western Desert, but she uses soul path methods, it is quite strange.”


 The result of his probing was very fruitful.


 Especially regarding Ying Wu Xie.


 In the previous fight, because of Fang Yuan’s ample arrangements, Feng Jiu Ge did not notice Fairy Cui Bo.


 But now was different.


 “Ying Wu Xie has lead soul into dream, he is the greatest threat, Fang Yuan might have the move now, but it could also be with Ying Wu Xie.”


 “In this battle, there was no Ying Wu Xie, but there was a new member, Fairy Cui Bo.”


 “If I remember correctly, Fairy Cui Bo is the concubine of Thousand Transformations Ancestor, why is she hanging out with Fang Yuan now?”


 “Is it because Fairy Cui Bo is a member of Shadow Sect, or did she... get possessed by Ying Wu Xie?”


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was intelligent and nearly reached the truth in a short amount of time.


 And at the other side.


 “Feng Jiu Ge indeed didn’t chase us.” Fang Yuan looked at the sky, even though his retreat had elements of probing, he had already obtained the truth.


 Yang pass tune had a time limit.


 After knowing this, the other Shadow Sect Gu Immortals let out a sigh of relief.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is powerful, true to his reputation!”


 “I can feel that he has methods left, he has not used all his trump cards.”


 “All in all, this was just a test run, we did not use our trump cards either, right?”


 The Gu Immortals conversed.


 It was indeed so.


 Be it Black Tigress’ tiger lick killer move, or Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang, or Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream, they were not used.


 In this battle, both sides reserved strength, but they also used many of their methods.


 Like Feng Jiu Ge’s yang pass tune, song warrior, and Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon.


 When they fight again, these killer moves would be countered, or at least, they would be defended against.


 Several days later, on an ordinary sand dune.


 The wind of the desert blew up clouds of sand and smoke.


 The sun was setting, the clouds were red like blood.


 Camel bells rang with the wind, far away, there was a merchant caravan made by a group of mortal Gu Masters.


 These people were naturally unable to detect Fang Yuan and gang.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s consciousness was in his immortal aperture.


 An immortal Gu formation was set up in Mini Central Continent.


 Self cleansing immortal Gu formation!


 Using self love Immortal Gu as the core of the rank seven Gu formation, and formation flag Immortal Gu as the supplement, once activated, it would cleanse all of the harmful dao marks constantly. And because of formation flag Immortal Gu, this immortal Gu formation could be moved temporarily.


 That was to say, when Fang Yuan wanted to, he could take out this immortal formation and use it himself.


 If he did not need to use it, he could place it back into the sovereign immortal aperture, it was very convenient.


 “This immortal formation has a lot of room for improvement. For example, I can add time path Gu worms to increase the rate of time. Unfortunately, my time path attainment level is too low, I cannot make deductions on that.”


 Fang Yuan felt it was a pity.


 “However, I am at least able to relocate the formation spirit over to become the formation spirit of this immortal formation.”


 This was not strange.


 Fang Yuan only needed to combine that incomplete immortal formation with the self cleansing immortal formation.


 And this was a type of immortal killer move technique, combination move.


 Fang Yuan was skilled in this and was a formation path grandmaster.


 He was very confident in this, he estimated that three days was all he needed.


 “With the formation spirit, I will not need to activate the immortal Gu formation myself, I can spend my time and energy on other things.”


 “But before that, I need to elevate myriad self to another level first!”


 When he fought against Feng Jiu Ge in the anti-sound desert, Fang Yuan gained a huge amount of inspiration.


 That was the elevation of immortal killer move myriad self!


 At the same time.


 “This is a dream realm indeed!”


 “But husband’s will, rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation, and Dancer Hong Yun, are they still inside?”


 In the air, two rank seven female immortals looked at each other.


 They were Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubines, one was called Night Temptress, the other was Immortal Concubine Qing Lan.


 Dancer Hong Yun and his will were trapped, Thousand Transformations Ancestor naturally felt it. Not long ago, he received information that Fang Yuan and the others had plotted against him and even possessed Fairy Cui Bo.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was furious, but because his injuries were not healed yet, and without actual facts, he sent his two concubines to investigate it.


 Be it Night Temptress or Immortal Concubine Qing Lan, they were rank seven experts, but against the dream realm, they were helpless.


 When they were feeling lost, a mysterious voice entered their heads: “If you cannot explore the dream realm, why don’t you find the culprit, Fairy Cui Bo is with them.”


 “Who?”


 “Come out!”


 The two female immortals shouted, they used their investigative methods but they could not find the source of the voice.


 “Such impressive sound path methods.” The expressions of Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan changed.



***
Chapter 1423 - Brand New Myriad Self


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 In the clear sky, the blazing sun was shining down.


 A red dream realm was floating in the air, it was extremely conspicuous.


 Dancer Hong Yun and Thousand Transformations’ will were trapped inside the dream realm, unable to escape.


 Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan surrounded the dream realm, flying around it.


 Gu worms flew out of their hands as they were set up around the dream realm.


 Similar to the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, they were creating an immortal Gu formation to surround the dream realm and prevent others from getting it.


 There was no other way, all the super forces in the five regions and two heavens, including some lone immortals and demonic path experts, were researching dream realms, but they were still at the elementary stages.


 During this period, few Gu Immortals would have methods against dream realms.


 Even though Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a rank eight Gu Immortal, and inherited a true inheritance of Reckless Savage, he was also without options against the dream realm.


 But concerning Dancer Hong Yun and his own rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation, he could not give up.


 Thinking about it, he could only seal this dream realm first and wait.


 “It is about time.”


 “I will defend us, you can finish the final few steps.”


 Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan conversed for a while, Night Temptress was going to defend them while Immortal Concubine Qing Lan was going to set up the immortal Gu formation.


 Among Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubines, Night Temptress had the highest status and strength, Immortal Concubine Qing Lan was second to her.


 Earlier, when the two heard the mysterious voice telling them about Fairy Cui Bo’s location, they became incredibly alert.


 Red date immortal essence was instilled as the Gu worms were activated, forming a vague shadow of the Gu formation.


 The light was orange-brown, sand was dancing in the sky, as the shadows of beasts roamed around.


 Next, Immortal Concubine Qing Lan took out a crucial Immortal Gu.


 This was a rank seven Immortal Gu, it seemed like a flightless cockroach, it had the size of a fetus’ fist, it was flat and shining in a metallic color, giving off a feeling of toughness.


 “Rule path Immortal Gu — Pass?” Seeing this Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge, who was hiding, felt moved, his gaze turned heated.


 He had been looking for this rule path Immortal Gu for the longest time.


 “If I had pass Gu, I would be able to extend the duration of immortal killer move yang pass tune, and with this Immortal Gu, I can remove most of the mortal Gu, and reduce the difficulty and time needed to use this move.”


 “To think that Thousand Transformations Ancestor has this Immortal Gu.”


 Feng Jiu Ge sighed.


 “Even though I created obtain treasure song, which can refine wild Immortal Gu, in this situation, the chances of getting it are too low.”


 Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan were very vigilant, it was really difficult to snatch someone else’s Immortal Gu, only Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could achieve it with great success in his time. After him, even theft path Gu Immortals could not replicate his achievements.


 Pass Gu was the core of this immortal formation, it activated and went into the yellow sand.


 A moment later, the shadows stopped transforming, turning into a light yellow cloud that floated in the air.


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan and Night Temptress let out sighs of relief.


 “Alright, we created the immortal Gu formation.”


 “With this Gu formation, we can come here almost instantly, let’s see who dares to trifle with us!”


 The two female immortals were full of killing intent.


 But Feng Jiu Ge did not show up from start to finish.


 Seeing that nobody came, the two women were relieved but also disappointed.


 Next, they left the place and returned.


 Feng Jiu Ge tailed them for a while, realizing that their destination was obvious, they were returning to myriad statue desert.


 “Strange, why are they not looking for Fairy Cui Bo? According to Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s personality, how could he do nothing? Don’t tell me something happened to Thousand Transformations Ancestor?”


 Feng Jiu Ge had lots of information from Heavenly Court, he knew about Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s mentality, he was an overbearing person who would always take revenge, therefore he created this plan. But Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not fall for it, he completely disregarded Fairy Cui Bo.


 This was strange.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s plan of using Thousand Transformations to pressure Fang Yuan failed entirely.


 At this moment, Feng Jiu Ge obtained a transmission.


 He left secretly and met with two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals behind a sand dune.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not unfamiliar with these two.


 Because in Southern Border, these two had appeared to block Wu Yong for him.


 After that, Feng Jiu Ge went to chase Fang Yuan while they went after the upper extreme heavenly eagle. Unfortunately, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had the effect of connect luck Immortal Gu due to Fang Yuan.


 Back then, because Fang Yuan relied heavily on this precious rank eight battle strength, he used Connect Luck to ensure its safety and also used qi luck sensation to find its whereabouts.


 Even though Fang Yuan had other investigative killer moves, considering that Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could destroy them, he chose luck path to be safe.


 After all, the only force excelling in luck path was Longevity Heaven.


 Even though Giant Sun was known as an Immortal Venerable, he had never joined Heavenly Court, or passed his luck path true inheritance to Heavenly Court.


 Thus, after Fang Yuan and the others used burning soul bursting luck, the upper extreme heavenly eagle gained a boost of luck and escaped. Next, Lu Wei Yin saved it and also removed all of Heavenly Court’s investigative killer moves that were used on it.


 Because of that, the two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals chased it for a long time, expending a lot of effort, but did not manage to capture the upper extreme heavenly eagle that had escaped.


 They failed in their task and were reprimanded by Fairy Zi Wei.


 After that, Fairy Zi Wei sent them to reinforce Feng Jiu Ge.


 “We already know about the matter of the dream realm. Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s attitude is really strange now. We have received orders from Lady Zi Wei, we will go to probe Thousand Transformations Ancestor.” The two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals said.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had a different response than usual to Fairy Cui Bo’s matter.


 Feng Jiu Ge could sense something, the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei naturally deduced more things.


 She deduced that there was a huge chance that Thousand Transformations Ancestor was injured and weakened, he could even be dead.


 Thus, if they probed him, they might be able to get Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s true inheritance of Reckless Savage. Even if there was no gain, causing internal strife in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world and getting rid of a rank eight Gu Immortal was very beneficial for them.


 After all, the five regions chaotic war was coming.


 Central Continent was facing four regions, it had to prepare early and weaken the rest, such situations were favorable to them.


 Fang Yuan flew in the sky.


 These last days, Feng Jiu Ge did not chase them, Fang Yuan decided to stop using Omni-directional Travel.


 After all, the price of using this ancient battle formation was the dao marks of the Gu Immortals’ bodies.


 And because Feng Jiu Ge’s location was unknown, using Omni-directional Travel recklessly might even shorten their distance.


 Omni-directional Travel was only meant for emergencies.


 The rest went into his sovereign immortal aperture as Fang Yuan flew and pondered.


 A moment later, bright light flashed in his eyes as he slowed down and descended.


 When he landed, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 “Defend me, I have already conceptualized it, we can set up the self cleansing immortal Gu formation now.” Fang Yuan said.


 Next, he sat in the group and concentrated.


 The truth was, the self cleansing immortal Gu formation had already been set up and was inside Mini Central Continent.


 But this immortal formation was not up to his expectations.


 According to his concept, Fang Yuan started to activate self cleansing immortal formation, at the same time, he split his concentration to activate the incomplete Gu formation.


 This incomplete immortal formation was taken from Dancer Hong Yun, the formation flag Immortal Gu inside was taken out too, becoming a part of the self cleansing immortal formation.


 And now, Fang Yuan was trying to fuse these two immortal formations into one.


 Two hours later, Fang Yuan was covered in sweat, he opened his eyes and let out a breath of air, relaxing.


 The two immortal formations had fused into one.


 His main motivation for doing this was the formation spirit.


 The incomplete immortal formation with the formation spirit was fused into the self cleansing immortal formation, the formation spirit also moved into it.


 After achieving this goal, Fang Yuan removed some of the Gu worms from the incomplete Gu formation and simplified the self cleansing immortal formation.


 At this point, the entire immortal formation was completed, it could remove unfavorable dao marks for Fang Yuan and the rest.


 However, Fang Yuan was not in a rush to get rid of dao marks, he took out self love Immortal Gu from the immortal Gu formation instead.


 Self love Immortal Gu was the first core of the self cleansing immortal formation, once it was taken out, the immortal formation would collapse. However, the current immortal formation was still intact.


 It turned out that the formation spirit’s ability to manipulate Gu formations was above Fang Yuan. When self love Immortal Gu was taken out, the immortal formation was near the brink of collapsing.


 But the formation spirit acted in time, adding a large number of self love mortal Gu into the formation and replacing self love Immortal Gu.


 But this method could only be used in emergencies, self love Immortal Gu was the core after all, it was like the pillar holding up a building. With self love Immortal Gu taken away, the large number of mortal Gu used to hold up the building was just a temporary pillar.


 As time passes, this immortal formation would break apart eventually.


 Fang Yuan estimated that he had about fourteen hours.


 If he returned self love Immortal Gu before the time limit, it would not break apart.


 Fang Yuan took out self love Immortal Gu not to test the formation spirit’s ability.


 He had other objectives.


 Self love Immortal Gu and affection Immortal Gu, these two Immortal Gu flew in his immortal aperture as Fang Yuan instilled red date immortal essence and activated many mortal Gu.


 At the next moment, a vast amount of self will was created by Fang Yuan like a huge tidal wave.


 Self will formed into a giant of over a hundred feet, it resembled Fang Yuan’s appearance, it stood on the ground with a majestic body.


 “Next...” Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, activating immortal killer move myriad self.


 At the next moment, the self will giant vanished, as ten thousand myriad self clones appeared in Fang Yuan’s Mini Central Continent.


 “Success! Myriad self has been elevated to a new level, my battle strength has risen along with it!” Fang Yuan was overjoyed.



***
Chapter 1424 - Refining Cleanse Soul Immortal Gu Again


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Working even at night, staying for months in the Gu refinement hall, the light of the fire was reflecting on Sixth Hair’s face.


 His face was covered in dust and soot, his eyes were bloodshot, he was staring at the burning flames intensely.


 Warm temperatures scorched the surroundings, Sixth Hair’s hair was burnt, but he did not care, he was concentrating on his task.


 The Gu refinement was at the final crucial steps.


 “Luck path is indeed really helpful in Gu refinement, I am at this step again! I must succeed this time!!”


 Sixth Hair gritted his teeth, making up his mind.


 Suddenly, his vision darkened.


 “Oh no, is my body at its limit? Never mind, ‘moving of a single thought, blossoming of the red snake’.” Sixth Hair had a thought as red snake tattoos appeared on his body, moving rapidly from his waist to his chest area.


 At the same time, a surge of strength appeared out of nowhere, filling Sixth Hair up like he was an inflating balloon.


 Sixth Hair became energetic again.


 “I used this move again, when the red snake gets to the top of my head and surrounds my whole body, I will die.”


 “But so what? All I need to do is refine this Immortal Gu and be of help to Shadow Sect!”


 “Let’s do it, thousand li soul thread.”


 Sixth Hair encouraged himself as the hairy man Gu Immortal behind him passed a long immortal material.


 It was the thousand li soul thread, it was an immortal material created in the bodies of ancient soul beasts.


 The value of soul threads depended on their length.


 The thousand li soul thread that Lang Ya Sect had was extremely valuable, it was on par with rank eight immortal materials!


 It was a quasi-rank eight immortal material, but because it was too rare, it was not usually sold even in treasure yellow heaven, thus its market value was at rank eight immortal material level.


 For Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement plan, not just Sixth Hair, even Lang Ya land spirit was helping out, it could be said that the whole of Lang Ya Sect was refining Gu for Fang Yuan.


 After becoming the leader of Shadow Sect, he inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance and had deep foundations, he used a portion of the cultivation experiences and immortal killer moves, as well as Immortal Gu recipes, to exchange for a vast number of sect contribution points from Lang Ya Sect.


 Next, he used these sect contribution points to make the whole of Lang Ya Sect refine Gu for him.


 After refining self love Immortal Gu, his next target was cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Sixth Hair was already at the final few steps.


 He carefully received the thousand li soul thread.


 The soul thread was like a strip of seaweed, it was dark green, but there was golden light shining in it, it looked like fireflies were inside this seaweed.


 Thousand li soul thread was very light, Sixth Hair held it like a feather.


 He used refinement path methods and quickly cut down one section of it.


 Refining cleanse soul Immortal Gu only needed a small part of the soul thread. In fact, even without thousand li soul thread, just hundred li soul thread was sufficient.


 But to raise the success rate of the Gu refinement, and to save time, Fang Yuan paid a huge price to exchange for Lang Ya Sect’s thousand li soul thread, he was truly rich.


 The soul thread was tossed into the flames.


 In a split second!


 The blazing flames turned into eerie ghost fire as screams and cries could be heard.


 Sixth Hair breathed in deeply, his eyes were bloodshot as he controlled the temperature of the fire.


 An hour later, in Western Desert.


 A huge immortal Gu formation was making loud noises.


 The Gu formation was about sixteen acres large, while activating, it created huge dark green illusory figures. In this yellow desert, it was very conspicuous.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were surrounding this immortal Gu formation, patrolling and staying vigilant.


 The immortal formation’s activation had reached a crucial point.


 However, Fang Yuan, who was at the center of the formation had the time and energy to deduce other things at this moment.


 “At this speed, in about four hours, I will succeed and get rid of all the unfavorable dao marks.”


 “Heavenly Court’s pursuers must be coming now? I am trying to get rid of the investigative killer move, there is no way they cannot sense it.”


 “Hmm, failed again?”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan frowned as he received Sixth Hair’s transmission, regarding the failure to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 And this time, when the Gu refinement failed, Sixth Hair suffered a heavy backlash and has to rest for a period of time.


 Sixth Hair was currently the most trustworthy person in Lang Ya Sect for Fang Yuan, more so than Lang Ya land spirit. Him needing to rest was bad news.


 “Including this time, cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s refinement has failed about ten times?”


 “Immortal Gu refinement is a pit with no end in sight, while the hairy man Gu Immortals specialize in the nature Gu refinement technique, to prevent heaven’s will from interfering, I can only use the human isolation style Gu refinement method.”


 It was not surprising that cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s refinement failed, it did not waver his strong determination to continue refining this Gu.


 Speaking of which, he had cleanse soul Immortal Gu in the past, but he lost it.


 Back then, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was a core of myriad self, but now, Fang Yuan did not seek to refine it for myriad self.


 His true goal was the strength path immortal zombie body.


 This eight armed immortal zombie body had the soul path trap left behind by Ying Wu Xie.


 Now that Fang Yuan became the leader of Shadow Sect, he had the method to remove the trap, but this method needed rank seven cleanse soul Immortal Gu as the core.


 As long as he refined cleanse soul Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to use the strength path immortal zombie and gain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement, he would be able to use the light of wisdom and influence the great era.


 Even though the dao marks of secluded domains of heaven and earth like Dang Hun Mountain and Reverse Flow River were on par with rank nine Immortal Gu, in terms of profundities, rank nine Immortal Gu were superior.


 Especially wisdom Gu, this rank nine Immortal Gu was famous in >, it appeared many times and even scammed Ren Zu!


 “Southwest direction, we have enemies!” At this time, Fairy Miao Yin transmitted.


 “Oh? They appeared after all.” Fang Yuan was not surprised, he stood up.


 The immortal Gu formation was still active, it was manipulated by the formation spirit, this was simply too convenient to Fang Yuan.


 The only flaw was, this self cleansing immortal formation used a lot of immortal essence, Fang Yuan could barely sustain it. Along the way, with all these battles, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence supply was dwindling, but thankfully, he had Wu clan’s hundred thousand immortal essence stones.


 But now, the immortal essence stones storage was reducing.


 A moment later, Heavenly Court’s pursuer came.


 It was Feng Jiu Ge.


 “Why are you alone again?” Fang Yuan smiled as he looked at Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked around and did not see Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals, he smiled too: “Aren’t you alone too?”


 “Hehehe. That is because I am sufficient to deal with you. Feng Jiu Ge, you will regret coming here.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned slightly.


 This was out of his expectations.


 Fang Yuan was too confident.


 “Strange, what is he relying on? Is there a scheme or plot?”



***
Chapter 1425 - Beating Feng Jiu Ge Till He Spat Blood!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan directly charged at Feng Jiu Ge.


 Of course, his special robe was already present, glittering light was shining on his robe, he had a long sash that coiled around his waist and arms.


 As Fang Yuan charged out, the robe moved along with him.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 “This move again.” Feng Jiu Ge saw this and sighed internally, he very much was unable to break past this move.


 Thus, Feng Jiu Ge chose to retreat.


 He easily pulled some distance from Fang Yuan.


 “Controlling reverse flow protection seal uses up too much mental energy, Fang Yuan cannot distract himself to use other moves, even if he has movement killer moves, he cannot use them. This means that when he uses reverse flow protection seal, other than defense, his other aspects are very ordinary.”


 Feng Jiu Ge thought as he smiled.


 Fang Yuan could not catch up to Feng Jiu Ge, who was actively avoiding him, even after many tries.


 A glimmer of thought flashed in Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes, he had not stopped thinking: “Why is Fang Yuan still alone?”


 In this battle against Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan was not aided by Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, or the others. Thus, Feng Jiu Ge’s earlier tactic of dealing with them could not be utilized on Fang Yuan alone.


 “But even so, Fang Yuan has no hope of winning. Even if he has good defense, he is a moving target board. Be it attack or movement, he is inferior to me, the battle is in my control.”


 “No, Fang Yuan is not so stupid! He must have other schemes.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was not careless, he became increasingly vigilant.


 When Fang Yuan approached, he would retreat to a safe distance.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you chased me up to here, are you going to run now?” Fang Yuan sneered.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s smile faded: “Is there a point in taunting me? Fang Yuan, catch up to me first. It is not easy to use reverse flow protection seal, as time passes, your mental energy will be used up, won’t your immortal essence also be depleted? Such a strong method must have a huge price.”


 Feng Jiu Ge held the initiative, he had a hold over Fang Yuan in both speed and battle tactic.


 This battle was very different from the previous.


 In the previous fight, they engaged in fierce combat. This time, both sides chased and escaped, other than some words, there was silence.


 Fang Yuan snorted, he had a way to deal with Feng Jiu Ge’s actions.


 Five hundred years of experience was not a joke, in terms of battle experience, he had his fair share.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan charged down and landed on the ground.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not pursue him, he floated in the sky vigilantly, observing this desert.


 He had suffered a territorial disadvantage last time when Fang Yuan used the anti-sound desert.


 Feng Jiu Ge remembered this lesson and had done his homework before coming, this desert was nothing special.


 Plop.


 With a soft sound, Fang Yuan drilled into the desert, moving underground.


 Feng Jiu Ge continued to investigative using immortal methods, but there were no suspicions, he used drum fist and bell palm to attack.


 Bang... bang... bang!


 Clank clank clank!


 At once, drum fist and bell palm created huge holes in the desert, large amounts of sand splattered and created a huge cloud of dust in the radius of several li.


 But Fang Yuan ignored him, he continued digging deeper.


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned slightly.


 The deeper he went, the denser the earth path dao marks, it would be disadvantageous to Feng Jiu Ge.


 At the same time, he had a suspicion: “Fang Yuan is so confident now, did he have a set up here in advance? Or does he know about some special trait of this place that he can use?”


 Feng Jiu Ge had all sorts of thoughts as he flew down.


 He shot out like an arrow, stabbing into the desert, pursuing Fang Yuan.


 He had to.


 Because Fang Yuan could stay underground and use the immortal formation to remove the investigative killer move, Feng Jiu Ge had to pursue him.


 Even if he did not get rid of the investigative killer move, he could also set up Gu formations or battlefield killer moves, if Feng Jiu Ge remained hesitant and did not chase him, Fang Yuan would have a lot of time to prepare amply. In that situation, Feng Jiu Ge would be stupid to wait.


 Thus, he had to chase and give Fang Yuan pressure. He had to force more trump cards to be used and ruin his battle momentum.


 Drum fist, bell palm!


 Even deep underground, Feng Jiu Ge’s sound path killer moves were still very powerful.


 Explosions happened around Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s face was stern.


 Without the help of anti-sound desert, Fang Yuan could feel Feng Jiu Ge’s terrifying attack power at its fullest.


 Even deep underground with rich earth path dao marks, Feng Jiu Ge’s killer moves were still overbearing.


 This was the advantage of sound path.


 Every path had its own specialty, in both advantages and disadvantages.


 Sound path was a minor path, but it had an advantage.


 The advantage was, sound path could travel easily, with relatively little conflict of dao marks. For example, for ordinary paths like earth path, the killer moves would be weakened by fifty to sixty percent in places filled with water path dao marks. A sound path killer move of the same power would only be weakened by twenty to thirty percent.


 “Without reverse flow protection seal, I would not be able to last until now facing these attacks.”


 “How did Feng Jiu Ge cultivate? How can his dao mark accumulation be on par with rank eight as a rank seven?”


 “Forget about this, it is time to retaliate!”


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation!


 Instantly, a sharp light shone on Fang Yuan’s body.


 But deep underground, light could not spread out.


 “Hmm?” The moment Fang Yuan transformed, Feng Jiu Ge’s investigative killer move sensed something amiss.


 Next, in a breath’s time, the soil in front of Feng Jiu Ge exploded as a large dragon head appeared.


 Feng Jiu Ge was like a rat in front of an elephant, facing this huge dragon head.


 “Ancient sword dragon! Fang Yuan!” Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk to pin size at this moment.


 Fang Yuan’s counterattack was so sudden and so powerful!


 The dragon head opened its mouth and shot out a wave of silvery light.


 Sword dragon breath!


 At once, silvery light shot out like countless arrows, it was powerful and made the entire area glow silver.


 The sharp breath was still far away, but Feng Jiu Ge could already feel sharp pain, like hundreds of needles were stabbing his face.


 Boom!


 Sword dragon breath landed on Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s body had clanging sounds, his defensive methods were activated, sound waves were forced out and destroyed by the powerful and destructive dragon breath.


 Ordinary dragon breath could only last a moment, but Fang Yuan had perseverance Immortal Gu, his dragon breath was unceasing and continuous!


 Feng Jiu Ge was forced back, under the impact of the sword dragon breath, he used his methods as he flew into the sky, escaping from the sword dragon breath’s range.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan raised his head.


 The thick sword dragon breath shot up like a silver pillar, it was like the sharpest sword that pierced the heavens.


 “It’s coming!” Feng Jiu Ge was not smiling anymore, his face was silver from the reflected light.


 Seeing the sword dragon breath, he retreated once again.


 Immortal killer move — Yang Pass Tune.


 Swoosh, he vanished on the spot, before appearing a thousand steps away.


 Fang Yuan stopped his dragon breath as he roared, attacking towards the sky.


 His sleek dragon tail swung, as ancient sword dragon’s speed burst out. At the same time, he used sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Tens of thousands of sword path dao marks amplified the effect, giving Fang Yuan incredible speed!


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, he broke through air and went at supersonic speed.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan appeared in front of Feng Jiu Ge.


 He was so fast that Fang Yuan himself could not react in time, his vision blurred for a moment and Feng Jiu Ge who was a tiny black dot appeared in front of him, they were only a dozen steps apart.


 The dragon opened its mouth again but this time, Feng Jiu Ge was amply prepared.


 He called out: “Go ahead.”


 Next, against the impending sword light dragon breath, he did not dodge, he attacked instead.


 Boom!


 With a loud explosion, Feng Jiu Ge flew backwards like a cannonball.


 For the first time, there was shock on his face as he felt deep suspicion: “How can this be? Fang Yuan has reverse flow protection seal active?”


 In the earlier battle, when Fang Yuan transformed into an ancient sword dragon, he could not maintain reverse flow protection seal.


 In the earlier clash, Feng Jiu Ge focused on this and attacked fiercely, but now, reverse flow protection seal reflected his entire attack to himself.


 Guh.


 Feng Jiu Ge felt pain in his chest as he spat out blood, he struggled to maintain his position in the air.


 The earlier attack not only had the force of Fang Yuan’s attack, there was also the reflected power of Feng Jiu Ge’s attack, the combination of both made him spit out blood!


 Fang Yuan had the advantage, he roared and charged forward.


 It was too fast earlier, but now, Feng Jiu Ge could see properly, the ancient sword dragon’s silvery and shiny body actually had a layer of light, like a thin layer of clothing resembling flowing water.


 “It really is reverse flow protection seal?”


 “He can maintain both immortal killer moves now! How did he do it?”


 Yang pass tune!


 Fang Yuan missed and Feng Jiu Ge appeared elsewhere.


 The ancient sword dragon that Fang Yuan turned into could not tear open space, it could only travel rapidly in a straight line.


 Meanwhile, Feng Jiu Ge’s yang pass tune had the power of space path, it could teleport him to an entirely new location.


 From this point, even though Fang Yuan turned into an ancient sword dragon with sword escape Immortal Gu, he could not match Feng Jiu Ge’s yang pass tune.


 Unless Fang Yuan used the sword path movement killer move from Bo Qing’s inheritance.


 But so what?


 Yang pass tune had a time limit.


 Once the time was up, Feng Jiu Ge would be at a disadvantage in terms of movement.


 “I need to find a way around this while yang pass tune is still active.” Seeing Fang Yuan attacking yet again, Feng Jiu Ge’s heart sank..



***
Chapter 1426 - Feng Jiu Ge Retreats


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Roar!


 Fang Yuan opened his dragon mouth and shot out his sword light dragon breath.


 The dragon breath was like waves of silvery lightning, shooting out towards Feng Jiu Ge at incredible speed.


 Feng Jiu Ge continued to dodge with yang pass tune.


 But usually after he uses yang pass tune killer move, it would imply that song warrior was up next.


 Both sides fought from underground to the sky.


 They fought as they retreated and advanced, the dragon roared as drums rolled.


 Green jade song warrior!


 Along the way, Feng Jiu Ge summoned a clone.


 The jade clone charged at the ancient sword dragon.


 Feng Jiu Ge relied on yang pass tune to gain an advantage in movement, and with his rich battle experience and calm analytical mind, he did not fail the activation of a single killer move.


 Fang Yuan snorted internally, he charged at Feng Jiu Ge without feeling distracted.


 Feng Jiu Ge knew that the green jade song warrior was not Fang Yuan’s match, it could not break his reverse flow protection seal in the first place. Without getting past this, there was no way of defeating Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Feng Jiu Ge controlled the green jade song warrior mainly to distract Fang Yuan.


 The green jade song warrior was like a fly moving around Fang Yuan, disrupting his movements.


 After a while, Fang Yuan could not take the disturbance anymore and turned around to deal with the green jade song warrior.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrank, Fang Yuan had changed targets too quickly, but Feng Jiu Ge responded rapidly as well.


 Fang Yuan arrived at the green jade song warrior!


 The huge ancient sword dragon body against the small green jade song warrior.


 The dragon roared as intense winds blew, its ruthless dragon claws slashed at the green jade song warrior.


 Cracks started to surface on the green jade song warrior’s body, there was a crisp sound as it was sent flying like a cannonball.


 But the green jade song warrior was not on the verge of breaking down yet, it was still able to fight.


 “Crafty.” Fang Yuan snorted coldly.


 In the earlier skirmish, the green jade song warrior did not attack, it was taking hits passively. Thus, reverse flow protection seal could not reflect any attacks back to it, just the ancient sword dragon’s claws alone could not shatter the green jade song warrior.


 After all, Feng Jiu Ge had rank eight level dao marks, the green jade song warrior’s defense was at the top of his song warriors.


 After sending the green jade song warrior flying, Fang Yuan turned to Feng Jiu Ge.


 But at this time, Feng Jiu Ge had already unleashed his second song warrior — Heaven and Earth Song Warrior.


 After dozens of rounds, Feng Jiu Ge continued to dodge with yang pass tune, while summoning song warriors to fight Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fought against five enemies, but he was still energetic and full of fighting spirit, Feng Jiu Ge could not help but retreat continuously.


 “What is going on?”


 “Fang Yuan was at his limit activating reverse flow protection seal last time.”


 “But now, he can maintain both reverse flow protection seal and ancient sword dragon transformation, while fighting for such a long time, and he is still not at his limit?”


 Feng Jiu Ge had a deep gaze, he purposely used song warrior to create a complex battle environment so that Fang Yuan would need to think constantly and expend his thoughts to deal with these problems.


 If Fang Yuan was barely using these two killer moves, he would not have enough thoughts in his mind, he would not be able to display such great strength now.


 “This means, he had an incredible breakthrough in terms of sustaining killer moves?” Feng Jiu Ge guessed.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s body shook.


 Feng Jiu Ge was paying great attention to Fang Yuan, he saw this and turned joyful: “Don’t tell me, he reached his limit?”


 But at the next moment, Feng Jiu Ge tossed this thought away into the bin.


 Because Fang Yuan activated immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 At once, dragons flew and formed into a silvery sea, their aura was grand and imposing, it was a terrifying sight.


 A scene similar to earlier appeared again.


 Myriad dragons flew as the four song warriors were encircled and attacked.


 The four song warriors were outmatched and destroyed.


 Feng Jiu Ge ignored them, he used yang pass tune to escape from the myriad dragons’ range.


 Yang pass tune’s time limit was not up yet, Feng Jiu Ge had a lot of room to maneuver.


 “Then what about this move?” He looked at the myriad dragon group, Fang Yuan was mixed inside, he could not be found.


 Next, Feng Jiu Ge placed his right palm on his left chest, by his heart. Next, his five fingers strung on his chest, creating light and deep drumming sounds.


 Thud thud thud...


 The drumming continued, spreading to the entire battlefield.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not need to discern who Fang Yuan was among the dragons. Because this immortal killer move was an area attack, it had a huge range.


 Fang Yuan was within the range of the attack, he was immediately affected, his heart started pounding as he felt his momentum going out of control.


 Fang Yuan was shocked.


 After all, he had reverse flow protection seal’s defense, but he could not block this immortal killer move.


 “No, most of the effect of the killer move was reflected back, only a small bit penetrated the seal and got to me. It seems that Heavenly Court has obtained some gains in deciphering reverse flow protection seal killer move.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 There was no helping it, he had already used reverse flow protection seal multiple times, Heavenly Court had wisdom path great experts like Fairy Zi Wei, together with Star Constellation Chessboard, it was not strange she had such advancement.


 Boom boom boom.


 Following the loud sounds, the dragons around Fang Yuan started to self-detonate, exploding into nothingness.


 “This immortal killer move chaotic heart drumming sound was given to me by Heavenly Court, it has wisdom path effects. Once hit by it, the Gu Immortal’s thoughts will be disrupted, their killer moves would not be sustainable. Fang Yuan, how long can you last?” Feng Jiu Ge was in anticipation.


 “An impressive killer move, it was designed to target me.” Fang Yuan considered the effects of this incredible move.


 Right now, in the sovereign immortal aperture, large numbers of human shaped myriad self clones were self-detonating, the number of clones destroyed surpassed the number of his myriad dragons.


 Looking at them, the myriad self clones were different from before.


 Their appearance was much more lively, and they even had vivid expressions.


 At this moment, they were sitting on the ground, thinking deeply.


 After being hit by chaotic heart drumming sound, these myriad self clones self-detonated as they turned into white smoke and faded.


 “After adding in self will, these myriad self clones gained wisdom path cognition, but this made them susceptible to Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move.”


 Fang Yuan placed a portion of his attention into the sovereign immortal aperture, looking at his losses.


 Almost every breath of time, dozens of myriad self clones died.


 “However, these vanishing myriad self clones were not harmed by Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move. Most of them died from sustaining my reverse flow protection seal and ancient sword dragon transformation. When I activated myriad dragon earlier, a thousand of my myriad self clones died after all.”


 That’s right.


 The reason why Fang Yuan was able to use reverse flow protection seal along with other killer moves was because of these myriad self clones in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been troubled by this, even though reverse flow protection seal was powerful, it took too much of his concentration and mental energy.


 While fighting against Feng Jiu Ge, he was inspired by song warrior, he had an idea.


 “I also have myriad self clones, if I can make these clones think for me, my battle strength would rise sharply!”


 There were two difficulties in achieving this.


 The first problem was that myriad self clones could not think. To think, he would need to use wisdom path thoughts, wills, or emotions.


 The second problem was that even with a large number of thoughts, wills, and emotions, after dispersing them into his clones, it could not collectively benefit him alone.


 Fang Yuan’s first breakthrough in this was using self love Immortal Gu and affection Immortal Gu, these two were very compatible, Fang Yuan supplemented them with a few mortal Gu to form an immortal killer move that produced a vast amount of self will!


 The second difficulty was solved by Fang Yuan using a method from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, immortal killer move — Collective Thinking!


 Of course, even though these two problems were solved, Fang Yuan still had to rely on his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level to modify myriad self to a whole new level.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, your killer move is not enough.” Fang Yuan snickered in his heart.


 Because he had prepared amply before the battle.


 He had prepared more than a million myriad self clones in his sovereign immortal aperture!


 The death of a few thousand was inconsequential.


 Immortal killer move — Three Breaths Future Vision!


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Immortal killer move — Sword Marks Targeting Death!


 At once, the aura of countless Gu worms emerged from Fang Yuan’s body.


 These auras were messy and disorganized, countless mortal Gu and a large number of Immortal Gu flew out and created a grand arrangement!


 “How can this be?!” Feng Jiu Ge was utterly shocked: “Fang Yuan can use so many immortal killer moves at the same time!!”


 He was completely taken aback.


 It was unimaginable!


 He had always thought that Fang Yuan could only barely activate two or three killer moves, he was at his limit already.


 But seeing this now, Feng Jiu Ge finally realized that Fang Yuan’s improvement in this aspect was so huge that it went beyond his imagination.


 This weakness that Fang Yuan had earlier was no longer a weakness, it was a huge strength that he had now!


 There were many clones remaining from the first myriad dragon killer move, after using it again, a silvery sea of dragons appeared again.


 Three breaths future vision allowed Fang Yuan to have sharp senses, while sword marks targeting death was boosted by his sword path dao marks, it was a huge threat to Feng Jiu Ge as well!


 Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth, he advanced instead of retreating, charging into the dragon group.


 Bam bam bam...


 A thunderous explosion resounded in the surroundings.


 Feng Jiu Ge rampaged within the myriad dragon group.


 He was increasingly shocked now.


 “It was not a fluke, Fang Yuan has complete control now, he has not even used his full strength yet! I cannot stay here, I need to leave!” While yang pass tune was still activated, Feng Jiu Ge decided to retreat.


 He was actually forced to retreat by Fang Yuan alone!



***
Chapter 1427 - Planning to Obtain Red Lotus’ True Meaning


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The orange light shone on Feng Jiu Ge and faded immediately.


 This meant that Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal killer move, yang pass tune, had reached its time limit. He had to wait fourteen hours to use it again now.


 But that was not important.


 Feng Jiu Ge had already left the battlefield, yang pass tune’s time limit no longer mattered.


 This Central Continent genius rarely seen in a thousand years landed on the ground slowly as he looked at the sky. He still had an elegant face, but he was frowning now, a long while later, he sighed deeply.


 “Truly an amazing person!”


 He was naturally not talking about himself, but Fang Yuan instead.


 Some time ago, Fang Yuan was still an ant in Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes, not long ago, even though Fang Yuan gathered the strength of a group of immortals, he could not match Feng Jiu Ge, he had to retreat.


 But in the earlier battle, Feng Jiu Ge was outmatched and had to retreat from the battlefield.


 This change was too rapid, Feng Jiu Ge could not believe it even now.


 “Fang Yuan had deep foundations to begin with, he was reborn from the future and possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, Giant Sun’s true inheritance, and is now the leader of Shadow Sect, possessing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s accumulation. He is like a dormant volcano, given enough time, he would erupt with lava that gushes towards the heavens!”


 “His eruption this time was not a fluke, it was bound to happen.”


 “Such a person truly needs to be killed with all our strength to prevent future trouble. But Heavenly Court is trying to make use of him to obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance. This is quite unwise...”


 For the first time, Feng Jiu Ge felt doubts and disagreement with Heavenly Court’s plan.


 In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was thinking.


 She watched the earlier battle through Feng Jiu Ge.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength surged, not only did Feng Jiu Ge feel shocked, even this great wisdom path great expert was startled.


 A similar emotion to Feng Jiu Ge emerged in Fairy Zi Wei as well.


 Fang Yuan’s foundation was too deep, he was related to three venerables. And with his rebirth advantage, he only spent a number of years to become a Gu Immortal from a mortal. And more than that, after the earlier battle, he fought Feng Jiu Ge evenly, he was someone that even rank eight existences could not ignore.


 His improvement was too rapid.


 If he only had fortuitous encounters, like Ma Hong Yun, so be it, that was not worth worrying over.


 The scary thing was Fang Yuan’s personality!


 Such a demonic path cultivator with deep ambitions, along with his lack of any weak point in morality, he had always worked his hardest without giving up or feeling dejected, he could endure hardship and could keep a low profile to achieve his goals, taking no account of sacrifices or immoral methods.


 It was hard to imagine what experiences turned him into this person.


 “Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been mostly under heaven’s will’s control. After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he tried to leave the grasp of heaven’s will, but he exposed himself in the dream realm. His cultivation journey has always been filled with difficulties and hurdles. If he is given some time to cultivate in peace, his growth in strength would be unimaginable!”


 Wariness.


 Fairy Zi Wei started to feel a trace of wariness towards Fang Yuan in her heart.


 Fang Yuan’s existence was a threat to her now.


 She wanted to eliminate him!


 The earlier she could eliminate him, the better!


 Thinking like this, Fairy Zi Wei’s killing intent rose sharply.


 “Zi Wei, don’t be so nervous.” At this moment, a low voice entered Fairy Zi Wei’s ears.


 She had a deep impression of this voice.


 She turned around and saw Duke Long indeed.


 “Lord Duke Long, you are out of seclusion?!” Fairy Zi Wei was surprised and overjoyed.


 Duke Long smiled: “Yes.”


 “That means, Spectral Soul has been...”


 “That’s right, I suppressed him completely already. But it is troublesome to soul search him. I need some time to have any effect.” Duke Long smiled lightly.


 “Ah!” Fairy Zi Wei had a happy expression, her eyes were shining with life.


 Such great news made her mood better, she was no longer as stressed as before.


 Duke Long continued: “Compared to Red Lotus true inheritance, Fang Yuan is really nothing.”


 “But he is a complete otherworldly demon...” Fairy Zi Wei hesitated.


 “That is because you do not understand Red Lotus Demon Venerable.” Duke Long sighed, deep feelings were contained in his words.


 “Red Lotus set up seven true inheritances, but our Heavenly Court could not find one with all our efforts. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained one of them, as long as we have this clue, we can find the rest of Red Lotus’ true inheritances and get rid of them all!”


 “I understand, Lord Duke Long.” Fairy Zi Wei had a solemn gaze: “We have a time path rank eight, Feng Jiu Ge, and two more rank eights in the River of Time now, what do you think of that?”


 Duke Long smiled: “You are the wisdom path great grandmaster, not me. I am assured if you are the person arranging it. Next, I will mentor the great era’s Great Dream Immortal Venerable. Oh right, announce to the world that we have captured Spectral Soul alive.”


 “Heavenly Court has stayed silent for too long, it is time for the world to know that Heavenly Court will always be the number one super force in the world!”


 “I understand.” Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply, watching as Duke Long took his leave.


 Western Desert.


 Inside the self cleansing immortal Gu formation, Fang Yuan was concentrating in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Inside the immortal aperture, there was also an active immortal Gu formation.


 Compared to the self cleansing formation, this immortal formation was far smaller, but it still had two core Immortal Gu.


 One was a wisdom path Immortal Gu from Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, the other was bloodline Immortal Gu from Wu clan.


 Along with thousands of mortal Gu, an immortal Gu formation was formed — Blood Red Immortal Essence Formation.


 Large numbers of immortal essence stones were sent into the immortal formation and turned into red date immortal essence beads rapidly.


 Fang Yuan was replenishing his immortal essence storage.


 In the earlier battle, even though he forced Feng Jiu Ge to retreat, he had expended a lot of immortal essence. His biggest expenditure came from reverse flow protection seal, followed by myriad dragon. The new myriad self killer move also had higher expenditure than before, because he was using self love Immortal Gu and Affection, these two Immortal Gu, to produce self wills.


 This was not a disadvantage. Stronger immortal killer moves used more immortal essence, it was common sense.


 But this was Fang Yuan’s weakness.


 Fang Yuan had become a rank seven only recently, he did not have much accumulation, because of worries about the immortal aperture’s calamities and tribulations, his immortal aperture’s rate of time had also slowed to its limit.


 Blood red immortal essence formation was very efficient, soon, Fang Yuan used up all of the immortal essence stones he obtained from Wu clan.


 Fang Yuan also sent the immortal essence stones he obtained from Lang Ya Sect into the blood red immortal essence formation.


 His red date immortal essence storage gradually rose again.


 “My battle strength rose, I am on par with Feng Jiu Ge now.”


 “The only flaw is that myriad self needs prior preparation, if I am caught in a surprise battle, it would be a problem.”


 Against Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan could take a risk and activate myriad self in battle. But against rank eight Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would need to use reverse flow protection seal immediately.


 That way, if he activated reverse flow protection seal without myriad self’s help, he could not use other killer moves anymore. He would only be able to take a beating passively.


 “When the investigative killer move is completely removed, I should head to the tributary of the River of Time and obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Even though Spectral Soul Demon Venerable took that true inheritance, the true meaning of Red Lotus in it is endless, if I can obtain it, I will raise my time path attainment level to at least grandmaster level!”


 In Shadow Sect’s information, Western Desert had two tributaries of the River of Time in their control.


 But earlier, Fang Yuan already used up one to set a trap for Heavenly Court. Only one was left now.


 And this tributary of the River of Time was Fang Yuan’s target now.


 Right now, Central Continent was somewhere Fang Yuan could not enter. As for Southern Border, he was currently pursued by Wu clan and others. In Northern Plains, Longevity Heaven and the Huang Jin tribes would attack him.


 Only in Western Desert and Eastern Sea did Fang Yuan have less pressure moving about.


 Of course, he could go to Eastern Sea, but to get there, he would need to get past either Central Continent, Northern Plains, or Southern Border.


 Eastern Sea had tributaries of the River of Time, but compared to going there, Fang Yuan might as well try to use the one in Western Desert instead.



***
Chapter 1428 - Fishing for Year Beasts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This sky was extremely wide, it was filled with bright red light, as if the entire sky was filled with an aurora.


 Originally, there was nothing here, but now, a giant immortal Gu formation was floating around.


 This immortal Gu formation gave off the grand aura of time path, it was evidently a time path immortal Gu formation.


 Inside this formation, Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, and Ying Wu Xie were waiting vigilantly.


 This time path immortal Gu formation had been activated for a long time.


 It used rank seven year Gu as the core, with supplementary rank eight time path Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water. Not all immortal formations’ cores were necessarily the higher rank Gu, for example, this immortal Gu formation had rank eight Years Flow Like Water as the supplementary Immortal Gu instead.


 This immortal Gu formation came from Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Its main purpose was to connect with the tributary of the River of Time in the immortal aperture, sending out the aura of rank seven year Gu and rank eight Years Flow Like Water to lure in year beasts.


 This immortal formation was named as the immemorial year beast fishing formation by Hei Fan.


 The name was quite interesting, others fished for fish, while Hei Fan fished for year beasts, and in fact, he went after immemorial year beasts!


 Ever since Hei Fan created rank eight Years Flow Like Water, he had learned about the flaw of this Immortal Gu, its aura was too tempting to immemorial year beasts. It could possibly cause immemorial year beasts to enter his immortal aperture by following the scent of the Immortal Gu using the tributary of the River of Time.


 Thus, Hei Fan tried many ways and thought of many solutions.


 He first thought of the time path immortal Gu formation that Fang Yuan had used earlier on Feng Jiu Ge, causing him to be trapped in the River of Time. This formation could destroy the tributary of the River of Time and sealed the time in his immortal aperture to prevent immemorial year beasts from coming in.


 However, there was a huge weakness in that.


 Once the time no longer moved, all resources could not grow. Gu worms also could not be used in the immortal aperture, because activating any Gu worm needed time, even if it was only an instant. Any progress required time.


 Thus, once this method was used, the Gu Immortal would have to move the Gu worms out of the immortal aperture and host them in their body.


 This was very dangerous.


 Especially in battle, it was easy for them to get destroyed by the enemy.


 Hei Fan was extremely talented, he created this move only as a last resort. But he was not satisfied with it, he continued researching.


 He soon found that as long as an immemorial year beast lived in his immortal aperture, other immemorial year beasts would sense it and think that this was the territory of the immemorial year beast. Even if Years Flow Like Water was extremely attractive, other immemorial year beasts would not try and barge in.


 Thus, Hei Fan first thought of a way to mimic the aura of an immemorial year beast.


 But his transformation path attainment level was just ordinary, he did not succeed.


 Next, he considered nurturing his own immemorial year beasts.


 But his grotto-heaven was not large, it was already filled with resources, it was hard to create an environment for an immemorial year beast to live. Furthermore, to nurture an immemorial year beast, he would need to start by raising ancient year beasts, treasure yellow heaven did not sell immemorial year beasts after all.


 And this process needed too much time. Hei Fan already had little lifespan left at that time.


 Both ways did not work, Hei Fan thought of another way, he wanted to use Years Flow Like Water to summon an immemorial year beast as his slave.


 Therefore, he created an immortal killer move.


 His enslavement path attainment level was at grandmaster, it was not as bad as transformation path, he managed to create year beast summoning.


 But this killer move could only summon ancient year beasts, it was not easy to attract immemorial year beasts.


 At the final moments of his life, he created immemorial year beast fishing formation.


 This immortal Gu formation could attract immemorial year beasts, but could not control them. He was merely ‘fishing’ and not ‘summoning’.


 The immemorial year beasts fished could not be controlled.


 Hei Fan’s original concept was to summon an immemorial year beast under his manipulation.


 Even after his death, he did not achieve his goal.


 It was quite a shame.


 If he had more time, he might have succeeded.


 Beauty could not withstand the trials of time, the truth was, even geniuses were the same.


 If Fang Yuan had time, he would follow Hei Fan’s idea and progress along this route, in time, he would be able to create an immortal killer move that directly summoned immemorial year beasts.


 This was a true inheritance.


 The inheritor would take over the predecessor’s true inheritance and instead of just mimicking it, they would refine and improve upon the details within, adding in their own flavor to the inheritance before passing it on again.


 A true inheritance was not just a gift, one had to contribute as well.


 However, Fang Yuan had no time to improve the true inheritance now.


 He needed to use this immemorial year beast fishing formation to lure an immemorial year beast, before using the killer move hundred and eighty slaves to forcefully subdue it.


 “If Hei Fan had hundred and eighty slaves, he would have obtained an immemorial year beast.”


 “It is too dangerous for me to go to the River of Time now, not only is it a dangerous place, Heavenly Court might have some arrangements there.”


 Earlier when Fang Yuan trapped Feng Jiu Ge, sending him into the River of Time, Feng Jiu Ge managed to escape in the end, but Fang Yuan had his gains from this.


 “Feng Jiu Ge managed to survive, it might be due to his own ability, or Heavenly Court’s arrangements inside the River of Time.”


 “No matter which one, when I enter the River of Time, the worst case is that I will be obstructed and attacked by them.”


 “And inside the River of Time, I have no territorial advantage, I am not adept at fighting in it. Unless I have an immemorial year beast to defend and ensure my safety.”


 Fang Yuan planned meticulously, he was not going to put himself in danger, he needed ample preparation.


 Chirp chirp chirp...


 At this time, sound came from the tributary of the River of Time.


 “It seems that an immemorial year beast was finally lured in!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, he quickly activated the immortal Gu formation.


 Inside the Gu formation, the tributary of the River of Time manifested.


 A huge monkey was observing the Gu formation through this tributary of the River of Time.


 It had huge eyes with the size of an elephant. It peeked through the tributary of the River of Time like it was a small peephole, observing the scene behind the door.


 Inside this darkness, the immemorial year monkey could not find Fang Yuan and the rest, its gaze was completely stuck to Years Flow Like Water.


 Once it saw the rank eight Immortal Gu, the immemorial year monkey’s appetite rose, it started salivating.


 Year beasts ate year Gu as food, while years flow like water Immortal Gu could produce year Gu. The immemorial year monkey saw Years Flow Like Water, it was the same as seeing a buffet with never ending food!


 Chirp chirp chirp!


 It started to jump around in the River of Time while scratching its ears and body.


 Next, it breathed in deeply and attempted to enter Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 Year beasts had the ability to travel from the River of Time to anywhere in the world. Fang Yuan used year beast summoning earlier, he summoned them from the River of Time. These year beasts were able to come out and enter the battlefield immediately.


 As long as the River of Time flows in that area, year beasts could enter.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was no exception!


 But entering it was harder than going to the five regions and two heavens.


 Once space tore open, the immemorial year monkey stretched out its two arms.


 Next, its furry arms pulled outwards, creating a huge hole. The colossal immemorial year monkey squeezed its way in.


 “My sovereign immortal aperture is only a blessed land, but it can already contain immemorial year beasts. But for the immemorial year beast, this cage is too small, it is very inconvenient to enter or leave.”


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan felt great joy.


 Since it was hard to enter or leave, when they fight, the immemorial year monkey would not be able to escape easily.


 After the immemorial year monkey entered, the space behind it mended.


 Chirp chirp chirp!


 The immemorial year monkey growled as it sniffed, smelling Years Flow Like Water’s strong and dense aura, it pounced at the immortal formation.


 Rumble!


 The immortal formation had strong defenses, even though the immemorial year monkey slammed into it, it did not shake.


 Back then, Hei Fan designed this formation, he naturally considered this situation.



***
Chapter 1429 - Gaining Another Rank Eight Battle Strength


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The immemorial year beast fishing formation had strong defenses, it remained unmoved by the immemorial year monkey’s attack.


 But this intensified the immemorial year monkey’s fighting spirit.


 Boom boom boom!


 It raised its fists and slammed down, its fists were like shooting stars, landing on the immortal formation each time.


 The immortal formation started shaking, the interior was having tremors, each attack by the immemorial year monkey caused large numbers of mortal Gu to be destroyed.


 White Rabbit, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie, they were rapidly replenishing mortal Gu.


 Some Gu formations would break apart after losing ten percent of its Gu worms. Better Gu formations would still remain intact even if half were destroyed.


 But the immemorial year beast fishing formation would remain intact as long as the core Immortal Gu was still around, and if it had sixty percent of its Gu worms left.


 But its defense would collapse eventually, Fang Yuan could not allow the immemorial year monkey to continue attacking it.


 Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


 At the next moment, a crack opened in the immortal Gu formation as Bai Ning Bing flew out rapidly.


 Boom!


 She was extremely fast, shooting out like an ice arrow towards the immemorial year monkey.


 Both were quite close together to begin with, and because of Bai Ning Bing’s speed, the immemorial year monkey could not react in time, its throat was immediately struck by Bai Ning Bing.


 The immemorial year monkey took a small step back, it felt pain and growled, it grabbed towards Bai Ning Bing with its huge hands.


 Instantly, Bai Ning Bing felt her vision turn dark as two huge monkey hands approached to slam down on her, casting dark shadows.


 Bai Ning Bing was not fazed, she snorted as she flew away.


 The immemorial year monkey’s hands slammed from above, while Bai Ning Bing flew out from under its crotch.


 Originally, with her speed, she could definitely escape the monkey, but strangely, the moment she got to the immemorial year monkey’s stomach, she was caught.


 The immemorial year monkey grabbed with its hands, holding Bai Ning Bing like a crystal ball.


 Next, it gripped tightly before extending its palms after some grinding.


 If Bai Ning Bing was in her normal body, she would have turned into meat paste. But she had used the killer move Bai Xiang already, she had turned into a five meter tall snow giant. She wore ice armor and had three heads and six arms, she was barefooted and stood on two pale blue clouds.


 The immemorial year monkey opened its palms, Bai Xiang was already crushed to bits.


 “Chirp chirp!”


 The immemorial year monkey saw that its enemy was eliminated, it laughed happily as it threw away the ice in its hands, before slamming at the immortal Gu formation again.


 The bits and pieces of Bai Xiang floated in the air, slowing gathered with the wind and in a few breaths’ time, the complete Bai Xiang had recovered, returning to a five meter giant.


 This was the profundity of the killer move Bai Xiang.


 Bai Ning Bing, who had turned into Bai Xiang form, was no longer contained in a flesh body, even if she had a fingernail sized piece of ice left, she could instantly return back to the giant form.


 “But this time, not only did my flying speed fall, my Bai Xiang’s recovery speed has fallen too.” Bai Ning Bing thought as she flew towards the immemorial year monkey again.


 Immemorial year beasts had plentiful time path dao marks in their bodies, their actions had time path effects, they could carve time path dao marks in the surroundings, they were not a force to trifle with.


 Immortal killer move — Penetrating Ice Blade!


 Boom!


 The ice blade filled with frost energy landed on the immemorial year monkey’s shoulder, but could not pierce into its skin. Compared to the huge immemorial year monkey, the ice blade was like a tiny fruit knife.


 The immemorial year monkey caught Bai Ning Bing again, she tried to dodge but failed again.


 But no matter how many times she was destroyed, as long as fragments of her body remained, she would rapidly recover.


 Of course, they had already checked that the immemorial year beast did not have any wild Immortal Gu, otherwise, Bai Ning Bing would not be so daring as to challenge the immemorial year beast’s battle strength.


 The immemorial year monkey had a large number of wild mortal Gu, but these Gu worms were nothing to Bai Ning Bing.


 The true threat was the immemorial year monkey itself.


 After a dozen rounds, Bai Ning Bing got progressively slower and Bai Xiang was taking longer to recover.


 In contrast, the immemorial year monkey was barely injured, there was some frost on its body, but it easily shrug it off. Bai Ning Bing’s attacks could penetrate its skin, but the immemorial year beast’s recovery speed was too strong, it completely healed in a few breaths’ time.


 Even Bai Ning Bing was feeling a little dejected.


 She felt like she was an annoying fly buzzing around the immemorial year monkey. Most of its attention was still on the immortal formation.


 Boom boom boom!


 Often, the immemorial year monkey would ignore Bai Ning Bing’s attacks as it slammed down on the immortal Gu formation.


 “This immemorial year beast has great strength!” Fang Yuan observed the battle and concluded.


 Like how rank eight Gu Immortals differed in strength, the same went for immemorial year beasts. This immemorial year monkey had incredible strength, Bai Ning Bing could not deal any major damage even if she used her full strength.


 Even though Bai Ning Bing had incredible talent, having the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique and Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, her foundation could not compare with the immemorial year monkey which had lived for tens of thousands of years.


 The immemorial year beast fishing formation was suffering greater losses, the speed of replenishment by Fang Yuan and the others was starting to be unable to keep up.


 As the immemorial year monkey got more agitated by Bai Ning Bing’s attacks, it started to attack more rapidly, the immortal formation was starting to have cracks emerging.


 As the one with the strongest battle strength, Fang Yuan was not going to fight.


 Letting the immemorial year monkey attack the immemorial year beast fishing formation was a form of tactic to weaken it first.


 Among immemorial year beasts, they had different strengths and weaknesses according to their respective zodiac animal. In terms of strength, the immemorial year monkey was merely mid tier among them. Immemorial year dragons, bulls, and tigers had far greater strength under the same circumstances.


 But even against this immemorial year monkey, the immortal Gu formation was starting to collapse.


 “Miao Yin, go help Bai Ning Bing.” Fang Yuan ordered.


 Fairy Miao Yin nodded as she flew out of the immortal Gu formation.


 Having watched the battle for a long time and knowing the power of this immemorial year monkey, she did not dare to fight at close range, she immediately flew to a distance away.


 Immortal killer move — Curved Moon!


 Curved crescent moons appeared in both her eyes as she stared at the immemorial year monkey’s eyes.


 After a long time...


 The immemorial year monkey had no reaction, as if Fairy Miao Yin had not attacked! It continued to attack the immortal Gu formation.


 Sweat appeared on Fairy Miao Yin’s forehead.


 Immemorial year monkeys lived in the River of Time, their eyes were submerged in the river water, the eyes had the most dense concentration of time path dao marks.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s sight attack was completely useless.


 “Fine.” Fairy Miao Yin’s fighting spirit was ignited as she used another immortal killer move — Lingering Tune.


 This was not an offensive killer move, it was to supplement her other move.


 Next, Fairy Miao Yin started to sing.


 Immortal killer move — Soft Bone Music.


 The music flew towards the immemorial year monkey’s arms, and with the help of lingering tune, it coiled around the monkey’s arms without fading away.


 Affected by this music, the immemorial year monkey’s arm bones started to turn soft.


 The immemorial year monkey was slightly confused as it stopped for a second and looked at its arms.


 Then...


 It continued to send a flurry of punches, each hit made the immortal formation shake intensely.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s eyelids were twitching.


 She activated two killer moves in a row, but it merely made the immemorial year monkey feel a little confused.


 “The difference between rank seven and eight is too huge. Our attacks are simply ineffective.”


 “For the last few thousand years, the only people who could resist rank eight as rank sevens were Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge in this whole wide world.”


 Similar feelings of admiration appeared in the Shadow Sect immortals’ hearts.


 Immortal killer move — Crimson Ray.


 Immortal killer move — Angry Bird.


 Immortal killer move — Fire Phoenix.


 Hei Lou Lan also flew out, she was familiar with the fire path killer moves, she activated them smoothly as they landed on the immemorial year monkey. They caused a huge commotion but did little damage.


 Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie, and Lady White Rabbit were still inside the immortal Gu formation.


 “Rank seven killer moves, even if they are profound, can barely have any effect on rank eight existences.” Fang Yuan understood this clearly, in his battles against Wu Yong and Feng Jiu Ge earlier, reverse flow protection seal dealt the most damage.


 Fang Yuan used many methods to be able to fight rank eight Gu Immortals, but to kill them, it would be too hard. Not only could these rank eight Gu Immortals escape, with just Fang Yuan’s current offensive methods, he only used rank seven Immortal Gu as the cores, his defense far surpassed his offense.


 If he could not, forget about the Shadow Sect immortals.


 Only Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream was unstoppable, it threatened even rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But Fang Yuan would not use it now.


 Firstly, fighting the immemorial year monkey could allow everyone to gain experience on how it felt to fight rank eight existences.


 Secondly, by defeating the immemorial year monkey in a frontal battle, Fang Yuan could use hundred and eighty slaves more easily later. After subduing it, this immemorial year monkey would be more obedient.


 “It is almost time.” After some time, the immortal Gu formation was at the brink of collapse as Fang Yuan flew out.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self.


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 After several breaths, Fang Yuan turned into an ancient sword dragon, his silvery scales shined brightly and outstandingly.


 But against the immemorial year beast, he was simply like a tiny snake beside a human.


 But it was not a problem.


 Next, Fang Yuan activated a rule path Immortal Gu —


 Big!


 Big, Big, Big.


 Ancient sword dragon’s body rapidly expanded, it quickly became the same size as the immemorial year beast.


 The immemorial year monkey looked at Fang Yuan with deep wariness.


 Fang Yuan charged ahead and fought the immemorial year monkey directly.


 Fang Yuan had strength path methods, but his strength could not compare to the immemorial year monkey. Rule path Immortal Gu Big could only make him larger.


 Fang Yuan was often sent flying by the immemorial year monkey, but it suffered greater injuries than him.


 This was because the attacks it dealt to the ancient sword dragon were reflected fully by reverse flow protection seal, landing back on itself.


 This battle lasted for several hours.


 Fang Yuan focused on attacking while the others supplemented him. Even if rank seven killer moves were ineffective, the damage still added up eventually.


 The immemorial year monkey was covered in injuries, it breathed roughly as it tried to escape.


 It tore through space and wanted to escape into the River of Time, but Fang Yuan blocked it with his ancient sword dragon body.


 The immemorial year monkey was obstructed and could not escape.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan used hundred and eighty slaves, after the third time, it lowered its head, submitting to Fang Yuan.


 The immemorial year monkey was subdued!


 After losing his upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan obtained another rank eight battle strength once more!



***
Chapter 1430 - Entering the River


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sovereign immortal aperture, mini green heaven.


 A huge area of rainbow dream realm floated in the sky, turning slowly as time passed.


 A lump of self will was here, turning into Fang Yuan’s appearance, it was very realistic.


 Within the self will, there was some red date immortal essence and several Gu worms.


 “This is the final attempt for now.” Fang Yuan’s self will muttered as he started acting.


 As the red date immortal essence was expended, at the same time, self love Immortal Gu and affection Immortal Gu were activated, followed by some supplementary mortal Gu.


 Soon, a large amount of self will gushed out, turning Fang Yuan’s self will into a several meter tall giant.


 After stopping his Gu worm activation, Fang Yuan’s self will went to rest for a while.


 The entire self will giant had shrunk by ten percent, it was more dense and had greater ability to think for itself.


 Next, Fang Yuan’s self will activated another immortal killer move.


 This move had no name, Fang Yuan had created it recently to deal with the dream realm.


 The immortal killer move shined with bright lights, stabbing into the dream realm as if it was made of sharp swords.


 A few minutes later, Fang Yuan stopped his killer move, the entire self will giant shrunk until it was a baby’s size. The pile of red date immortal essence was almost fully expended.


 “I failed after all.” Fang Yuan’s self will sighed deeply.


 During the battle of the dream realm, Fang Yuan obtained a lot of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. But on the way to Western Desert from Southern Border, he sacrificed a large number of them to block the enemies.


 After that, the remaining Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies that he still had turned back to dream realms when they reached their time limit as they were incomplete bodies.


 Fang Yuan kept all these dream realms in mini green heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign blessed land had the arrangement of five regions and nine heavens. The area was so huge that it would scare Gu Immortals to death.


 But most of these areas were filled with resources due to Fang Yuan’s management. Only two places were empty, one was mini red heaven, the other was mini green heaven.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had chosen to fight the immemorial year monkey in mini red heaven.


 As for mini green heaven, it was used to contain dream realms.


 These dream realms were all invaded by heaven’s will, they were not uncontaminated, they were dangerously filled with heaven’s will.


 When heaven’s will lurked inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, heaven’s will would be able to connect with the outside world, even if the immortal aperture isolated it. Even if Fang Yuan had Dark Limit, he would be detected.


 Fang Yuan had learned this not too long ago.


 However, Fang Yuan was affected by the investigative killer move of Heavenly Court’s Fairy Zi Wei earlier, and he did not have Dark Limit, since he was exposed anyway, he placed these portions of heaven’s will in his sovereign immortal aperture, there was no big deal.


 Fang Yuan had been thinking of how to use this heaven’s will to gain benefits.


 Exploring dream realms, taking the true meaning inside and raising his attainment levels. This was advantageous to Fang Yuan. Especially when he chose these dream realms, they suited him very much.


 But they were currently being pursued while the dream realms were full of heaven’s will, all sorts of reasons made Fang Yuan unable to explore the dream realms properly.


 “But what if I get rid of all the heaven’s will inside these dream realms?”


 This thought appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind and rooted itself firmly.


 Theoretically, it was possible.


 Because true meaning was contained within dream realms, when people explore them successfully, they could take the true meaning and increase the attainment levels.


 And because the heaven’s will invaded these dream realms, since it could enter, it could naturally be removed as well.


 Or rather, if heaven’s will could invade the dream realms, why couldn’t his self will do the same?


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan had heard of a certain wisdom path great expert who invented a wisdom path method to use wills or emotions to invade dream realms and explore them.


 All sorts of reasons confirmed to Fang Yuan that this was a possible way.


 But his progress was not smooth.


 He used many methods and created immortal killer moves, but they were not effective.


 Not only did he fail to even touch heaven’s will, the self will’s invasion of the dream realm even failed completely.


 “It seems that my advantage in dream realms is only due to rebirth. If I look at it properly, I had no deep dream path research even in my previous life. Maybe when my wisdom path attainment level rises again in the future, I would have more progress.”


 Fang Yuan calmly realized his insufficiency, he stopped hesitating.


 He started to use another immortal killer move on the dream realm.


 Soon, these dream realms turned into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!


 Fang Yuan inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he naturally knew the way to turn dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. Of course, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies refined were incomplete. And because he lacked some Immortal Gu, these bodies were inferior to the ones Purple Mountain True Monarch created during the battle of the dream realm.


 However, Fang Yuan was satisfied.


 He only wanted to move these dream realms out of his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Next, the dream realms in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture were all turned into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and extracted.


 Next, under Fang Yuan’s arrangements, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were all placed into the positions that Fang Yuan planned earlier.


 Next, he ordered them to self-detonate and turn into dream realms again.


 These dream realms formed a tight defense that could block enemies. Even if Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals came, they would not be able to do anything to these dream realms.


 After his arrangements, Fang Yuan started to set up the immortal Gu formation.


 Right now, he was deep under a nameless desert.


 There was a huge natural solutional cave, the sand here had mixed with gold, forming gold rocks, they were shining brightly.


 But the most attractive thing to Fang Yuan was that at the center of the cave, there was a tributary of the River of Time.


 The size of this tributary of the River of Time was smaller than the previous one, but it was more stable. Using Fang Yuan’s immortal Gu formation, he would be able to reach the River of Time using this tributary.


 Indeed, this tributary of the River of Time was the final one that Shadow Sect had in Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan started to set up his immortal Gu formation.


 His formation path attainment level was at grandmaster, when he was chased by Heavenly Court, he had interacted with formation path the most, be it the time exile formation, self cleansing formation, or immemorial year beast fishing formation, they were all immortal Gu formations. These experiences made him more proficient in creating formations.


 Thus, he set up this immortal Gu formation calmly and with great confidence.


 And as expected, Fang Yuan created the immortal Gu formation in merely a few minutes.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest who were patrolling the area were immediately called back.


 Next, they went into his sovereign immortal aperture as Fang Yuan ordered Ying Wu Xie: “You can act now.”


 Immortal killer move — Burning Soul Bursting Luck!


 Ying Wu Xie used this immortal killer move once more, because of Connect Luck, Fang Yuan and the rest would become very lucky for the following period of time.


 Fang Yuan wanted to use it himself too.


 But burning soul bursting luck greatly expended the soul foundation, he had used it once before, he had no foundation to use it again.


 Ying Wu Xie was Spectral Soul’s split soul, he had a deep soul foundation and could use burning soul bursting luck multiple times. But Fang Yuan could not let his soul foundation fall too drastically.


 Lead soul into dream needed Ying Wu Xie to have a strong soul foundation, otherwise, it would easily result in a killer move backlash. If Ying Wu Xie tries to use lead soul into dream on a rank eight and faces a backlash, he would end up in the dream realm himself and be unable to escape.


 Strength came with a price.


 One had to pay a price for everything they gained.


 The immortal Gu formation resonated, under its influence, the flowing tributary of the River of Time started to become turbulent, the waves were becoming fiercer.


 There were a huge number of myriad self clones in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 Together with burning soul bursting luck and the immemorial year monkey.


 He had done all the preparations he could.


 He knew that this trip to the River of Time was dangerous, but he had to go.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal.


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Year Beast Transformation!


 At the next moment, he turned into an ancient desolate beast as the immortal formation burst out with strong light, charging into the tributary of the River of Time and creating a huge hole.


 Fang Yuan went in immediately.


 Swish swish swish!


 Huge waves caused countless ripples to form.


 The hole behind him only lasted a few breaths of time before vanishing.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was completely attracted to the sight in front of him.


 The River of Time!



***
Chapter 1431 - Wild Gu Come


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Legend says there was a river in this world, known as the River of Time!


 It flowed through the past, the present, and the future.


 Everything in the world was like fish in the river, and under the currents, the fish could only flow downwards.


 Without the River of Time, the world would be still, becoming a drawing. Only with this river can change occur, and the world can move, either prospering or withering.


 “I am in the River of Time again.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 He looked around, the river was huge and wide, even though it was called the River of Time, it was as vast as the sea.


 In the darkness of this space, a huge river was flowing unceasingly.


 The river water was pale white, but countless ripples were colliding and creating beautiful colors at all times.


 The lights were dazzling and reflecting off Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan was dazed for a moment before recovering.


 He opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out the immemorial year monkey.


 “Ook ook ook.” This huge beast returned to its home, it was very excited.


 Plop!


 It landed in the river water and created a huge splash.


 Fang Yuan also turned into an ancient year monkey, he was much smaller than the immemorial year monkey. He was floating in the air now as he was not a true year beast. Even though his transformation path dao marks had turned into time path dao marks for him to adapt to this place, it was better to not touch the water of the River of Time if he could.


 “Let’s go.” Fang Yuan ordered, as the immemorial year monkey started to swim.


 The benefit of beating it earlier was showing, it was much more obedient than the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 However, even though he used hundred and eighty slaves, because Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had fallen greatly, it was quite hard to control this immemorial year monkey.


 “Even though we are in a peaceful situation now, the enslavement is already difficult, my soul feels very heavy. If we are in intense battle, I may not be able to order the immemorial year monkey.”


 Fang Yuan was alerted inwardly.


 This was a flaw, but there was no helping it, Fang Yuan had done his best.


 They moved on quietly.


 Swish swish swish...


 Tides continued to crash.


 Fang Yuan was here for the first time using his physical body.


 The last few times, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to send his will into the river, because of influences like heaven’s will, he only had a glimpse of the River of Time, he could not observe it in full, but now, he had an eye-opening experience.


 The River of Time was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was widely known and was inside >.


 But to enter with one’s physical body, they had to be Gu Immortal experts with deep time path foundation. Fang Yuan could enter even though he lacked that because of transformation path, as well as Purple Mountain True Monarch’s and Hei Fan’s inheritances.


 The River of Time was not without life.


 Fang Yuan first saw a couple of wild year Gu chasing each other before entering the river water again.


 Next, he saw groups of wild time path Gu worms flying in the sky, they were like countless flies.


 “Hmm?” Five to six wild year Gu approached Fang Yuan and quietly landed on him without moving anymore.


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan’s thoughts shifted as he realized why.


 He was now an ancient year monkey, because of rank eight attitude Gu and familiar face, wild Gu could not discern his aura, they treated him as a wild ancient year monkey.


 These few time path mortal Gu were all attracted to Fang Yuan’s time path dao marks, they felt that it was the best place to live, so they went to him.


 It was indeed so.


 In nature, Gu worms were fragile. Even though wild Gu worms could absorb the natural essence of heaven and earth, they were still in danger even if they had strong abilities.


 Thus, living in strong lifeforms was their way of survival.


 Fang Yuan moved for a few minutes and already had several hundred wild mortal Gu in him.


 Most were day Gu and month Gu, there were no year Gu.


 As for the immemorial year monkey, it had greater gains.


 This immemorial year monkey had wild mortal Gu in it, but they were destroyed when fighting Fang Yuan, there were few left.


 And now, they were greatly replenished.


 The immemorial year monkey was naturally more attractive than Fang Yuan, it was very popular with the wild time path mortal Gu, as it swam in the river, swarms of time path Gu worms surrounded it like a black cloud.


 But this situation only lasted for a moment before slowing down rapidly.


 Like how beasts occupied territories, when Fang Yuan and the immemorial year monkey had a large number of wild mortal Gu on them, other mortal Gu would feel that it was crowded and stop coming to them.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not do anything to these wild mortal Gu.


 With his current capabilities, it was easy for him to refine these wild mortal Gu.


 However, that would ruin Fang Yuan’s disguise.


 Furthermore, these wild time path mortal Gu were nothing special. Unless they were Immortal Gu, they had little attraction to Fang Yuan.


 “Roar!”


 While they were traveling, an ancient year tiger emerged from the water, but it left without even pausing, escaping far away.


 This situation had happened many times.


 The immemorial year monkey was simply like an express pass on their journey.


 In fact, other than year beasts, there were also month beasts and day beasts. Similar to year beasts, they fed on month Gu and day Gu respectively.


 After two hours, the River of Time was still turbulent while darkness surrounded them.


 The scenery had not changed, it was almost as if everyone was still at the same spot where they started.


 Half the body of an immemorial year monkey was submerged in the water, moving forward slowly like a floating hill.


 As for Fang Yuan, he turned into an ancient year monkey and floated in the air above the river, moving slowly.


 Fang Yuan was certain, because he had Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, the feeling in his heart intensified. As long as he followed this feeling, he would definitely find that Red Lotus true inheritance that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained.


 The thing that obstructed him other than the treacherous River of Time was Heavenly Court’s pursuit and ambush.


 Rumble!


 Suddenly, with a loud sound, a current shot out of the raging River of Time.


 The current shot out towards the left of Fang Yuan, in front of him.


 “Grrrr.” The immemorial year monkey growled as a hint of seriousness showed on its relaxed face.


 “This is a sudden spring.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk slightly.


 The River of Time was not safe, some river segments were very dangerous with many uncertainties.


 Sudden springs were one of them.


 When traveling in this river segment, one had to be wary of suddenly rising springs. If they are hit by it, a vast number of time path dao marks would be carved on the target, they might suffer heavy injuries or die, they might even lose lifespan.


 Fang Yuan vigilantly moved towards the immemorial year monkey’s head, he lacked methods to deal with sudden springs, he could only use this immemorial year beast’s tough body to resist it.


 They had to cross this river, it was necessary to get to Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 Just when Fang Yuan was fully focused on traveling in the river, near the tributary of the River of Time in Western Desert, three Gu Immortals arrived.


 One rank seven Gu Immortal with great elegance and two rank eight Gu Immortals that were stable like mountains.


 It was Feng Jiu Ge, as well as the two rank eight Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s plan was to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance using Fang Yuan as the key.


 Now that Fang Yuan had entered the River of Time to obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance, she was definitely going to send people after him.


 “To think this otherworldly demon is so powerful, he could actually fight Brother Feng evenly.”


 “With our help, no matter how talented he is, he cannot escape.”


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals had not met up with Feng Jiu Ge for a long time, and he was not someone who would conceal information for the sake of reputation, he directly explained Fang Yuan’s sharp rise in battle strength to them.


 “If we work together, we should be able to kill Fang Yuan.” Feng Jiu Ge nodded slightly.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was similar to his. Against one rank eight Gu Immortal, it would be barely enough, against two, it would be extremely difficult.


 Especially now, Feng Jiu Ge’s chaotic heart drumming sound was modified by Fairy Zi Wei again, it was the trump card to deal with Fang Yuan.


 “Hmm? These are dream realms!” A moment later, Feng Jiu Ge and the rest could not help but land, looking helplessly at the dream realm defensive line.


 “It seems we can only wait.”


 “The dream realms move constantly, a gap will appear in the defense soon, we will be able to enter.”


 “Other than us, Lord Huang Shi is in the River of Time. He is the person most skilled with fighting in the River of Time for the last ten thousand years! Fang Yuan is not his match.”


 The three immortals discussed, deciding to stay and wait for an opportunity.


 In the River of Time.


 “Grrrrrr.”


 The immemorial year monkey growled, its body was covered in injuries.


 Fang Yuan turned around, looking at the river segment behind him, he felt a little fearful.


 “Thankfully, the immemorial year monkey is here to defend me, otherwise, how could we get past this place so easily?”


 The sudden springs had great power, they had at least rank seven killer move strength, with most being rank eight, Fang Yuan even saw a sudden spring that had rank nine power.


 The eruption of this sudden spring was like a huge waterfall that flowed upwards towards heaven.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan was far from it when it burst out, he was safe.


 “The immemorial year monkey is quite injured, but my methods are limited, I cannot heal it.” Fang Yuan inspected and mentally sighed.


 Other paths’ healing methods were restricted here. In terms of time path methods, Fang Yuan only had Man as Before, but this Immortal Gu only worked on human bodies.


 Fang Yuan could only let the immemorial year monkey recover on its own.


 “Should I stop for a moment and rest? For the immemorial year monkey to recover fully?”


 Fang Yuan could not help but hesitate.


 The sudden springs were just the first hurdle to Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Fang Yuan still had to face the dark web spiders, one finger flow sharks, and a special blade river segment.


 These three hurdles were more dangerous than the sudden springs.


 “Sudden spring river segment?” Lord Huang Shi looked at the river in front of him as he frowned.


 “According to Lady Zi Wei, Fang Yuan is right ahead.” Immediately after, Lord Huang Shi’s eyes shined brightly as he flew towards the sudden spring river segment resolutely.



***
Chapter 1432 - Huang Shi’s Pursuit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 A huge sudden spring burst out of the peaceful river surface.


 Compared to this sudden spring, Lord Huang Shi, who was flying in the air, resembled a tiny mosquito.


 Even before the sudden spring hit him, Lord Huang Shi felt like it was getting faster and faster!


 That was not true of course, the sudden spring actually became slower as it got higher and higher, the reason why Lord Huang Shi felt that was because his own relative speed had fallen.


 This was the River of Time, the eruption of sudden springs will cause everything around it to slow down. In that case, the target would find it harder to escape.


 “Hmph.” Lord Huang Shi was not fazed, at the crucial moment, bright light shone from his head.


 At the next instance, he was completely restored to normal condition as he retreated, causing the sudden spring to miss its target.


 Rumble!


 With another loud sound, the sudden spring crashed back into the river and created a huge wave.


 Lord Huang Shi wiped the sweat off his forehead.


 “This sudden spring has the power of a rank eight killer move, even I have to be careful, if I got hit, I would suffer great injuries.”


 “If I encounter a rank nine level sudden spring, I would definitely be gravely injured, I might even die.”


 Lord Huang Shi felt pressured in his heart.


 Even though he was a rank eight Gu Immortal and had territorial advantage when fighting in the River of Time.


 He knew that Fang Yuan had luck path methods, and even a rather comprehensive all living beings luck true inheritance.


 Being at the sudden spring river segment, other than one’s strength, one had to depend on their own luck.


 “I am chasing after Fang Yuan now, this is not beneficial to him. According to the profundities of luck path, my journey will not be smooth, it will be filled with problems.”


 “Fang Yuan chose this route to trouble me, this is a good plan.”


 “However...” Lord Huang Shi frowned, feeling doubts: “No matter how lucky Fang Yuan is, he can’t avoid all the sudden springs, right? Even if rank nine sudden springs are rare, those rank seven sudden springs are countless, and there are also many rank eight sudden springs. How did he pass them? Did he use reverse flow protection seal the entire time?”


 If he was using reverse flow protection seal, this would be great news to Lord Huang Shi.


 Because this sudden spring river segment was very long, if Fang Yuan used his killer move the entire time, his immortal essence would be greatly expended. This would be helpful when Lord Huang Shi fights him later.


 Lord Huang Shi did not expect that Fang Yuan would enslave an immemorial year monkey to act as his shield.


 Even though Fang Yuan could control the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Heavenly Court attributed that to Hei Fan’s true inheritance. Fang Yuan was controlling a rank eight existence with rank seven cultivation level, it was a shocking accomplishment.


 But the truth was hundred and eighty slaves, and years flow like water Immortal Gu’s flaw.


 Especially the latter, Hei Fan did not expose his own weakness. This secret was unknown to Heavenly Court, they could not deduce that Fang Yuan had a way to lure immemorial year beasts to him.


 Because of such reasons, Heavenly Court did not manage to learn that Fang Yuan could control an immemorial year beast.


 After a few minutes, Lord Huang Shi flew out of the sudden spring river segment.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s guidance was transmitted to him again.


 Lord Huang Shi changed directions, raising his speed as he flew towards Fang Yuan.


 A moment later, his figure paused as he looked ahead uncertainly.


 “Dark web spider!” Lord Huang Shi had a grim expression as he muttered this.


 In front of him, there was a huge spider with a pale-white body, it was unmoving on a huge web.


 The spider was larger than the sudden spring earlier, it was like a mountain, its four limbs were like ridges.


 Compared to the spider, Lord Huang Shi was tiny, he was like an ant in front of an elephant.


 Larger than the dark web spider was the huge web it was on.


 This huge web was made of a crystal-like substance, some threads were thin, while others were thick like tree trunks. The web was not flat, it was weaved into a forest-like cage.


 Countless spider threads stabbed into the water of the River of Time like roots. No matter how the water flowed, these threads remained stationary.


 A vast number of spider threads weaved together into a huge crystal nest. Each of the connectors had many complex threads linking to different directions.


 Lord Huang Shi’s heart sank.


 He did not dare to believe it, Fang Yuan and the rest managed to get past here to head to Red Lotus’ true inheritance?


 He confirmed it again, Fairy Zi Wei’s directions were not wrong.


 This made him even more confident of his conjuncture now, Fang Yuan had designed this route to target him!


 “Fang Yuan wants to use this dangerous place to force me to retreat?” Lord Huang Shi had a cold expression, he snorted before flying into the huge crystal nest.


 Each dark web spider was an immemorial desolate beast, they had their own territories in the River of Time, in their territory, even immemorial desolate beasts would not dare to rampage.


 It was a predator at the top of the food chain.


 The dark web spider relies on its unimaginable great strength besides its huge body, as well as its sharp mouth and this crystal nest.


 Each crystal nest thread is extraordinary, Gu Immortals of the past gave it a fanciful name, used until today —


 Peaceful time thread.


 Any rank seven or below existence would be in a state of frozen time if they touch the thread. They cannot move and would end up being eaten by the dark web spider which moves slowly towards it.


 For someone like Lord Huang Shi, one single thread of peaceful time thread cannot affect him, but with a hundred of them together, even he would be in grave danger.


 And in the entire crystal nest, how many peaceful time threads were there? Simply uncountable!


 Lord Huang Shi moved very very slowly.


 He carefully moved past each of the threads that had weaved into a web.


 He had thought of detouring this dangerous place to pursue Fang Yuan.


 But this way, he would need to travel a long route, Fang Yuan would gain a lot of time instead.


 And what if this Red Lotus true inheritance was inside the crystal nests to begin with?


 Thus, Lord Huang Shi had to step into this dangerous place and pursue Fang Yuan.


 “As long as I remain careful and avoid touching any peaceful time thread, I will be able to get through this safely.” Lord Huang Shi thought as a loud explosion occurred, there was incredible sound resembling the crashing of heaven and earth.


 The crystal web nest shook along with the loud sound waves.


 The dark web spider was alerted, its hundred and eighty compound eyes stared at Lord Huang Shi!


 “Damn it!”


 “It must be Fang Yuan’s trap!”


 Lord Huang Shi was furious, but he felt little shock. If he was Fang Yuan, he would have set the same trap against his enemies.


 “Since I am able to get here, I have my assurance, I am able to get past this dangerous area while the dark web spider is alerted!”


 With a cold snort, Lord Huang Shi started to use his immortal killer move on the crystal threads.


 These crystal threads were not easy to destroy even though they were fragile, because any killer move would freeze in time as long as they got closer to the threads.


 Of course, against rank eight killer moves, the peaceful time threads had an upper limit in terms of defense.


 Lord Huang Shi started to act, using his rank eight killer moves to attack the crystal threads, at an increasingly fast speed.


 He was a time path great expert, he had effective methods against the peaceful time threads.


 Furthermore, that dark web spider moved slowly, it could not catch up to Lord Huang Shi.


 Lord Huang Shi did not want to fight the dark web spider, he had a huge responsibility on him.


 But his path of retreat was not smooth, there were often immortal killer moves, sound waves, frost, and flames obstructing him.


 Lord Huang Shi’s speed was greatly obstructed, he was eventually caught up by the spider as they fought intensely.


 Bam bam bam...


 After an intense battle, Lord Huang Shi broke free from the dark web spider and left its territory.


 But now, he was in a more sorry state than before, not only was he covered in dust, he even suffered minor injuries.


 “This damn Fang Yuan, how many traps did he set! And these traps all activate at the perfect timing, there is deep planning in this!”


 Lord Huang Shi suffered a loss, he was filled with rage, he would not let Fang Yuan off.


 He flew while he treated his injuries.


 Not long after, he entered a weird river segment.


 “What is going on? I can feel a strong sword path and blade path aura in this river segment?” Lord Huang Shi was surprised as suspicion flashed on his face.


 He slowed down and observed, this river segment had permeating sword qi and blade light.


 “Wait, don’t tell me, this is...”


 Lord Huang Shi frowned.


 “I traveled upstream towards the past, in terms of distance, I probably went back to a hundred thousand years ago, I am at the Late Antiquity Era!”


 “Late Antiquity Era, sword path, blade path...”


 “I know! Western Desert’s Xi Yuan, this person cultivated sword path, created sword abyss, and killed three rank eight Gu Immortals. There is another blade path demonic immortal, he is known as Dao Jiu Lang, he had overwhelming demonic might, rampaging in Western Desert, he managed to break the expulsion formation and shook the world. These two fought before, it was an intense fight that led to great destruction.”


 Lord Huang Shi used his investigative methods, and as expected, this segment of the river was affected by the battle between these two rank eight great experts, causing this to become a blade river segment.


 It was more dangerous to get past here compared to the sudden spring river segment, because it was possible that Dao Jiu Lang’s or Xi Yuan’s immortal killer moves would suddenly appear and attack.


 When sudden springs occur, there is a process in their eruptions. But this blade river segment did not have that.


 “Fang Yuan and the rest actually came here? Are they trying to die!” Lord Huang Shi gritted his teeth, entering.


 Since Fang Yuan and the rest could enter, as a rank eight great expert, he could not back down.


 Fairy Zi Wei guided him as Lord Huang Shi got closer to his target.


 Roar!


 The immemorial year monkey fought in turbulent waves, it was covered in injuries, blood was flowing as the surrounding area was dyed red.


 On the immemorial year monkey, Bai Ning Bing, Fairy Miao Yin, and the rest were defending themselves.


 “I finally found you all!” Lord Huang Shi’s eyes shined brightly, he charged ahead without thinking!



***
Chapter 1433 - How Shameless Could It Get?!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were trapped in the blade river segment, they could not escape, Lord Huang Shi saw this great opportunity, how could he let it go?


 He had chased them along the way, he was extremely furious, now that he saw his prey, he immediately pounced forth.


 Swish swish swish!


 The River of Time had surging waves.


 Mixed within were sword qi and blade light, shooting towards the Shadow Sect immortals.


 Lord Huang Shi was not exempted, he was ‘taken care of’ by the sword qi and blade light, but his defensive methods were not weaker than Shadow Sect’s immortals, he had an easier time.


 Immortal killer move — Sun Moon Divine Shuttle.


 Lord Huang Shi looked down as he pushed with both hands, countless arrowhead shuttles shot out like a storm, towards the Shadow Sect immortals.


 “Enemy!” Bai Ning Bing shouted to alert them.


 Sun moon divine shuttle was very powerful, even though Bai Ning Bing and the rest defended themselves, they were heavily suppressed by the killer move.


 Roar!


 This angered the immemorial year monkey, it growled as it exerted force in its lower body, its entire body left the river water as it jumped towards the sky.


 Sun moon divine shuttle landed on its body and created small bleeding holes, but for this huge immemorial year monkey, that was only a light wound.


 The huge monkey hands grabbed towards Lord Huang Shi while whipping up fierce winds.


 Feeling this terrifying power, Lord Huang Shi’s eyelids twitched, he expressed shock on his face.


 “This immemorial year monkey is the real deal, it is not Fang Yuan’s transformation?!”


 “They actually control a rank eight battle strength like this immemorial year monkey?”


 Lord Huang Shi was not a strength path or transformation path Gu Immortal, he was not good at close combat. Even though he was a Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal, against the immemorial year monkey, he had to retreat.


 He moved rapidly, getting to an area far away in an instant.


 In here, there were dense time path dao marks, he could fight with great strength.


 The immemorial year monkey missed and landed back into the river, but it growled and leaped again, jumping into the sky and attacking Lord Huang Shi.


 Lord Huang Shi’s eyes shined brightly.


 He saw that the immemorial year monkey was covered in wounds, it was not in its best condition. But that was natural, the immemorial year monkey must have played a huge part for Fang Yuan and the rest to get here, it had likely lost thirty to forty percent of its strength.


 “In that case.” Lord Huang Shi’s battle intent became firmer.


 He breathed in deeply and used another immortal killer move.


 Immediately, a yellow soil rock appeared above his head. The rock moved slowly, it made the time around Lord Huang Shi move slowly too.


 Next, dust and sand emerged from the rock and landed on the immemorial year monkey in a flash.


 Affected by the yellow dust, the immemorial year monkey’s rate of time reduced rapidly, it became slower and slower, the time it took to jump became much longer.


 Lord Huang Shi saw this and let out a breath of air, feeling joyful.


 He was very confident in his method, as the dust accumulates, the immemorial year beast would get even slower.


 At this rate, Lord Huang Shi would control the situation very soon.


 But right at this moment!


 Bam!


 A huge wave shot towards the sky, directly towards Lord Huang Shi.


 From within the pale wave of the River of Time, a strong blade light shot out with blinding light.


 The blade light landed on Lord Huang Shi as his body shook, he spat out a mouthful of blood!


 Lord Huang Shi was injured, the dust and sand shook as the immemorial year monkey struggled from within.


 Lord Huang Shi quickly held his breath and used his immortal killer move more intensely, making the dust thicker to trap the immemorial year monkey.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest used their methods to unleash frost, flames, and sound waves on the immemorial year monkey, but they could not affect this sand and dust.


 In the River of Time, time path lifeforms were greatly strengthened, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were weaker than Lord Huang Shi to begin with, due to these time path dao marks, their battle strength was even lower than usual.


 At the crucial moment, Ying Wu Xie’s expression turned grim, he was about to use the invincible lead soul into dream.


 “Hmm?” But at this moment, Ying Wu Xie lost his target.


 He could not sense the existence of Lord Huang Shi.


 “Lead soul into dream needs to sense the other party to activate. Otherwise, it is useless. This Lord Huang Shi already has a way to hide from my soul path senses?”


 “Oh? The defensive killer move that Lady Zi Wei gave me activated... hehe.” Lord Huang Shi snickered coldly.


 The moment Ying Wu Xie wanted to use lead soul into dream, he had a feeling.


 Even though lead soul into dream was powerful, it had flaws too, it was not a perfect killer move.


 Fairy Zi Wei sent Lord Huang Shi on this mission alone to pursue Fang Yuan and the rest, she naturally had measures against lead soul into dream. After all, Heavenly Court had suffered greatly from it.


 People learn from their mistakes, not to mention Fairy Zi Wei from Heavenly Court.


 Lord Huang Shi came prepared, lead soul into dream could not be used.


 “Oh no!” Ying Wu Xie and the rest had a change of expression, they felt strong pressure in their hearts.


 They could not salvage the situation, they could only rely on Fang Yuan now.


 But where was Fang Yuan?


 Lord Huang Shi considered this problem.


 He had thought that this immemorial year monkey was Fang Yuan’s transformation to scare him, but after fighting, he realized it was a real immemorial year monkey.


 Since the battle started, Fang Yuan had not shown up. He who possessed reverse flow protection seal and had battle strength equal to Feng Jiu Ge was the biggest target that Lord Huang Shi was wary of now.


 The longer Fang Yuan stayed hidden, the more alert he felt.


 “Fang Yuan, you’re still not coming out? If you wait any longer, hehe... hmm?” Lord Huang Shi was shocked.


 At this moment, a huge wave from the River of Time swept towards him.


 “Again?!” Lord Huang Shi was stifled.


 This huge wave avoided the immemorial year monkey and came after him instead, time and again.


 His luck was too horrible!


 Rumble!


 The huge wave hit Lord Huang Shi as he spat out blood once more, increasing the severity of his injuries.


 He could not dodge. Not only because he was using this immortal killer move, but also because the wave slowed time when it approached, even if he dodged the water, he could not dodge the sword qi and blade light that were incredibly fast.


 Lord Huang Shi chose to resist the wave, to find a chance to capture the immemorial year monkey, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest.


 “Right now, I have the advantage, I don’t believe that Fang Yuan will continue to watch!” Lord Huang Shi made up his mind.


 Swish swish swish!


 Three waves swept towards Lord Huang Shi.


 “What? At me again?!” Instantly, Lord Huang Shi stared with wide eyes, he wanted to scream.


 Normally speaking, the huge immemorial year monkey would have a higher chance of getting hit by the waves. But since the battle started, only Lord Huang Shi had gotten hit by them.


 “Their luck is too good? Not a single wave hit them?”


 “Wait.” Lord Huang Shi shook: “Is this the effect of Fang Yuan’s luck path methods?”


 He thought of a possibility.


 “Hmph! Even so, luck path cannot change the outcome of this battle.”


 “Luck path is suppressed in here to begin with. It is impossible for Fang Yuan to manipulate the waves here using luck path, only supreme time path methods can do it.”


 “I have the territorial advantage here!”


 Lord Huang Shi calmed down as he continued to suppress the immemorial year monkey, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest, forcing Fang Yuan to show up.


 “Lord Huang Shi fell for it.”


 “This is like what sect leader predicted... let’s continue attacking, don’t expose any flaws.”


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest had grim expressions, but they were conversing secretly.


 At the same time, on an island deep under the river.


 The image was moving in front of Fang Yuan, it was displaying the scene of Lord Huang Shi fighting against the immemorial year monkey.


 This was a stone lotus island, the one on which Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had obtained the Red Lotus true inheritance. Fang Yuan had arrived here long ago!


 The investigative killer move used by Fairy Zi Wei on Fang Yuan had been removed already, as for Bai Ning Bing and the rest, even though there was the self cleansing immortal formation, they could not make it in time.


 If he brought them, Fang Yuan’s traces would be exposed. Even inside the sovereign immortal aperture, they would be found out.


 It was like Fang Yuan using qi luck sensation to find out the locations of Ying Wu Xie and the rest. They could not escape even if they went into the immortal aperture.


 Even though immortal apertures were small worlds isolated from the outside world, if there were clues inside the immortal aperture, deductions were still possible.


 Fang Yuan could do it, Fairy Zi Wei could too, and so could heaven’s will.


 As long as heaven’s will was in the immortal aperture, the heaven’s will in the five regions and two heavens would be able to sense Fang Yuan’s location.


 Fang Yuan learned about this long ago.


 Even though it was a weakness, in Fang Yuan’s perspective, he could make use of it.


 He used Ying Wu Xie and the rest to deceive Fairy Zi Wei so that Lord Huang Shi underestimated Fang Yuan’s actual distance traveled, even though it was nothing much, after getting Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Fang Yuan could use this advantage to its limit.


 That’s right.


 Red Lotus’ true inheritance had the ability to manipulate the nearby river segment.


 In fact, this blade river segment was purposely chosen by Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 But when this ability was used, it would expend the stone lotus island’s foundation. After this battle, the tattered stone lotus island would break apart entirely.


 “Spectral Soul’s will, let me lend you a hand.” Fang Yuan looked at Spectral Soul’s will, it was thin and had a hard time controlling the waves, thus he helped.


 Immediately, a huge amount of will gushed out and entered Spectral Soul’s will.


 Spectral Soul’s will became strengthened and growled.


 At the same time, a huge wave appeared on the battlefield.


 “This, this, this!” Lord Huang Shi’s eyeballs were almost popping out.


 The size of this huge wave was unprecedented, the blade light and sword qi inside had not shot out yet, but Lord Huang Shi also felt a strong threat to his life.


 Lord Huang Shi gritted his teeth, even though this colossal wave would hit him, it would also implicate the immemorial year monkey and force out Fang Yuan.


 “I will see who can last longer!” Lord Huang Shi was thinking of that, when suddenly, a small part of the wave split to allow the immemorial year monkey to pass through before it headed towards Lord Huang Shi entirely.


 “What!?”


 Lord Huang Shi was about to scream in anger.


 How shameless could it get?!



***
Chapter 1434 - Huang Shi’s Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rumble!


 The enormous wave moved past the immemorial year monkey, encircling and attacking Lord Huang Shi.


 Lord Huang Shi’s heart instantly chilled at that moment.


 He was a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, an elite among rank eight experts, right now, he finally realized it.


 “Fang Yuan and these people can actually control this river segment?!”


 He was immensely shocked.


 This meant the scene of the immemorial year monkey being trapped in the sword-blade river segment before was a trap. And he had entered head-first into the trap, and was still unaware of it during the earlier fight!


 As far as Lord Huang Shi was concerned, this was humiliating!


 “But how is it possible? Fang Yuan might have inherited Hei Fan’s true inheritance, but he still should not have the ability to control a segment of the River of Time! This was what Lady Zi Wei had deduced.”


 Shock gradually disappeared as suspicions rose in Lord Huang Shi’s mind.


 As the giant wave approached him, countless thoughts emerged in his mind.


 “This might be the power of Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “Only a person like Red Lotus Demon Venerable could use methods to control a segment of the River of Time.”


 Seeing that the giant towering wave was already before him, Lord Huang Shi’s expression turned resolute.


 “Never mind!”


 “I shall let you all know my, Lord Huang Shi’s, true power!”


 “Ahh——!” Lord Huang Shi suddenly roared towards the sky, countless Gu worm auras emerged from his body, yellow lights were continuously shining on his body.


 His bald head shone and sparkled.


 The large yellow soil rock above his head enlarged and turned into a hill, suppressing the water of the River of Time.


 His aura turned deep and unfathomable, under his gaze, the river wave gradually returned to its original state.


 At the same time, countless ripples of time jumped out of his body and moved towards Bai Ning Bing and the rest, with seemingly slow speed but actually being really fast!


 The anger in his heart together with the dangerous situation caused Lord Huang Shi to erupt with his full strength!


 “Amazing! He activated at least four immortal killer moves in an instant.” Fang Yuan’s heart jolted at such a sight.


 Since Lord Huang Shi could obtain Fairy Zi Wei’s trust to move in River of Time alone and attack Fang Yuan, he naturally had ample strength.


 Right now, he erupted with his full strength, immediately blocking the giant time river wave and ensuring his safety, while also sending strong attacks towards Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest turned pale, they were trapped in the yellow dust and were unable to free themselves.


 Even the immemorial year monkey struggled intensely, its growling showing its fear and panic.


 The might of the ripple of time was unpredictable, but its terror was well-known. Even Feng Jiu Ge did not dare to easily come in contact with it, let alone Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 “He is forcing me to appear.” Fang Yuan mumbled as he looked towards Spectral Soul’s will beside him.


 He turned Bai Ning Bing and the rest into bait, it would be an enormous loss to him if he sacrificed them at this moment.


 However, among them was the split soul, Ying Wu Xie, whom Fang Yuan had intentionally left behind, he was guarding against Spectral Soul’s will just in case.


 Spectral Soul’s will laughed loudly: “Don’t worry, Fang Yuan, this stone lotus island was personally constructed by Red Lotus Demon Venerable. Although Lord Huang Shi resisted the time river wave, the wave also contains the peerless killer moves of both sword path and blade path.”


 “Look, this was the most powerful offensive killer move of Dao Jiu Lang back then, its name is nine-nine reincarnation blades. Once it is activated, it continues on endlessly. If a layer of the blade light is broken, there is another layer, with a total of nine layers of blade lights, every layer has the power to slaughter ghosts and deities. After the blade lights strike down, they will cycle back and attack again, a layer of blade light will attack for nine times, altogether, the nine layers of blade light will attack for a total of eighty-one times. This move is extremely terrifying, even Dao Jiu Lang only used it three times in his lifetime, every time he used it, it would consume a hundred years of his lifespan! And the move I am triggering right now is his pinnacle masterpiece used when fighting Xi Yuan!”


 Shortly after Spectral Soul’s will’s explanation, Fang Yuan saw nine layers of blade light shooting out of the suppressed River of Time wave.


 The blade lights were extremely radiant like fragments of the sun, it was so bright that even Fang Yuan, who was watching it through an image, felt piercing pain in his eyes and had to squint.


 Even outside of the battlefield he reacted like this, it was unimaginable what the immortals who were in the battlefield felt.


 Seeing these blade lights, Lord Huang Shi’s expression changed rapidly to that of horror and despair.


 He felt an intense threat to his life from these nine layers of blade light. This was no joke, if Dao Jiu Lang was born in Central Continent, he could absolutely join Heavenly Court.


 He was a blade path legend who stood at the peak of Western Desert, he was an influential rank eight figure.


 This attack was his greatest display of power, it was the killer move he had used in his deathmatch with Xi Yuan.


 Lord Huang Shi was extremely terror-stricken, he did not care anymore about the river wave, the immemorial year monkey or Bai Ning Bing.


 He shouted with all his strength as he used his hidden trump card to defend himself.


 Bam bam bam...


 Huge explosions sounded continuously as layers of blade light bombarded on his body. The dazzling blade lights continued to strike layer after layer, encircling and slashing at the pitiful Lord Huang Shi, while interweaving together into a large ball of scorching white light.


 In the center of this light ball, Lord Huang Shi was curled up in the large yellow rock above his head, defending with all his might.


 The blade lights’ bombardment lasted for a while before they gradually dissipated.


 The large rock around Lord Huang Shi had disappeared, he looked extremely haggard with no color on his face. There were even large injuries on his body that spread throughout his chest and back.


 There was no blood flowing out from the injuries, but this instead signified the miserable situation, because the injuries were filled with blade path dao marks which were continuously emitting blade qi that invaded Lord Huang Shi’s organs.


 “Hahaha, look, he is finished.” Spectral Soul’s will laughed heartily.


 “Now, take this move!” Spectral Soul’s will furrowed its brows while moving its hands: “This move is Xi Yuan’s main trump card, haha, I don’t believe you can survive this!”


 Saying this, a powerful sword qi started to slowly rise from the giant River of Time wave.


 This sword qi was deep and powerful, its depths unfathomable, and it carried an unmatchable might that could bury countless living beings!


 Lord Huang Shi’s pupils shrunk to pin size. Only one thought emerged in his mind — Run!


 But, he found he was locked on by this sword qi and was unable to budge from his position.


 “This, this is Xi Yuan’s signature killer move, sword burial abyss! Damn it, damn it!!”


 Lord Huang Shi’s heart thumped wildly in panic.


 He had used up all his methods in resisting nine-nine reincarnation blades, he was in an extremely weak state right now with his defenses falling to almost zero.


 “Am I going to perish here?” Lord Huang Shi felt a strong sense of death.


 Right at this time, Spectral Soul’s will called out in the stone lotus island: “Not good, the stone lotus island cannot endure this burden. If we insist on killing Lord Huang Shi, this stone lotus island’s foundation will be used up. If we let go of Huang Shi, it can still last for a few years.”


 “Kill him.” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined eerily as he spat out these two words without any hesitation.


 “Understood!” Spectral Soul’s will acknowledged and stopped speaking.


 Lord Huang Shi struggled bitterly, but was unable to get rid of the shackles of the sword qi.


 His expression had turned savage and frightening as he roared.


 “Who could have thought I, the grand Huang Shi, would actually die here.”


 “My sacrifice is not important, but I have let Heavenly Court’s plan fail, letting this otherworldly demon Fang Yuan continue to roam free.”


 “I am not reconciled... Ahhh! I am not resigned...”


 Lord Huang Shi roared repeatedly, but his voice suddenly came to a stop.


 His life force completely dissipated, that sword qi was like a legendary beast in the dark swallowing his life force completely.


 Lord Huang Shi, a rank eight time path Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, was dead!



***
Chapter 1435 - Spectral Soul’s True Inheritance!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A moment later, Bai Ning Bing and the rest brought Huang Shi’s corpse to Fang Yuan.


 Spectral Soul’s will gazed at the corpse and sighed: “This person was also an amazing character, a genius when he was young and became a famous expert as he grew. His name had spread throughout Central Continent and the five regions, now, he has perished in this place.”


 Fang Yuan and the rest were silent.


 Spectral Soul’s will controlled this stone lotus island and watched the past and present, it knew of many secrets. This was the power of Red Lotus’ time path true inheritance, able to gain information through the River of Time.


 When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had obtained this inheritance back then, he had praised it as ‘inconceivable’ and acknowledged the superiority of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s time path methods.


 At rank eight, all Gu Immortals would touch upon other paths, rank nine venerables were even more so with extremely comprehensive abilities.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s own time path methods could compare to rank eight time path Gu Immortals, but he was far inferior when compared to Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 Each rank nine had their respective specializations. They had their own areas of expertise with their specific strengths.


 If Red Lotus Demon Venerable compared his soul path attainment with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it would be Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s turn to be in great awe.


 Gurgle gurgle...


 The water of the River of Time gushed out from below Fang Yuan and the rest.


 The stone lotus island was beginning to crumble.


 But only one or two areas were collapsing, the hole created was the size of a teacup.


 Spectral Soul’s will stiffened before sighing: “After a while, this stone lotus island will be completely destroyed, we don’t have much time left.”


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable had arranged all his seven true inheritances on stone lotus islands which were located at different areas of the River of Time.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained this stone lotus island, he remodeled it to become the greatest information channel of Shadow Sect. Not only this, Shadow Sect were able to use the power of Red Lotus’ true inheritance multiple times, and recently, they had used it to let Spring Autumn Cicada activate smoothly as well as to help Ying Wu Xie and Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 The stone lotus island’s foundation had already been close to drying up, and it had further exhausted all its power to kill the time path expert Huang Shi in the battle earlier. It was crumbling apart now.


 “Where there are gains, there are losses.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 “Although we lost this stone lotus island, being able to cause the death of Lord Huang Shi is a huge gain. This person has outstanding battle strength, and is like a fish in water inside the River of Time. If we had let go of this perfect opportunity, even if we lay in ambush again, we probably wouldn’t have another chance to kill him.”


 The group of immortals nodded in agreement to Fang Yuan’s decision.


 In fact, even Spectral Soul’s will was not an exception.


 It looked at Fang Yuan and nodded: “In the battle of the giant dream realm, Purple’s choice at the last moment was correct. Fang Yuan, I have to admit you have already become the final chance my Shadow Sect has. The great task of saving our main body is yours now, naturally, this will depend on your decision. Even if you are bent on eliminating our main body, we won’t blame you.”


 All of the Gu Immortals present were visibly moved at these words.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed, he opened his mouth several times, but was not able to let out any words.


 Who could have thought of this situation?


 Right now, between Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan held the complete initiative. He was indeed the last hope of Shadow Sect, even if it was presumed they invaded Heavenly Court in the future, whether he saved Spectral Soul’s main body or not was completely up to Fang Yuan.


 The words of Spectral Soul’s will had the feeling of helplessness and a last resort.


 It was precisely because he knew the most information, he had a clear understanding of the situation.


 When Fang Yuan entered Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Spectral Soul’s will created no obstructions or difficulties and even completely coordinated with Fang Yuan when killing Lord Huang Shi.


 Fang Yuan glanced at the immortals before replying to Spectral Soul’s will: “You can rest assured. Heavenly Court is an enormous force, you and I are natural allies. I will definitely help if I can.”


 Spectral Soul’s will nodded: “I believe you.”


 Shortly, he smiled: “We are not allies, but a collective force. You are currently the leader of Shadow Sect, appointed by Purple, and have received the approval of the various split souls. Even if you meet our main body in the future, he will also definitely agree. Because we are him, our decision is his decision.”


 “Alright, I am going to pass on all my main body’s soul path true inheritance along with other things to you.”


 Fang Yuan nodded and used a wisdom path method to send out a lump of self will.


 The large sphere-like self will charged at Spectral Soul’s will.


 Spectral Soul’s will did not evade, allowing the self will to merge with it.


 Information exchange between wills was extremely fast, and after a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan’s self will returned and entered Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Instantly, an unimaginable amount of information assaulted Fang Yuan’s mind!


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes, accepting all the information in an orderly way. He was a wisdom path grandmaster who could not be compared to ordinary Gu Immortals. right now, his expression was calm.


 Among all the information, the most valuable was no doubt Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 This was the most comprehensive cultivation content created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan’s mind shook with just a slight look at some of its contents, inwardly praising Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who created this true inheritance.


 Undoubtedly, in the whole world and the long history of humans, no, since time immemorial, this was one of the most valuable true inheritances!


 Since ancient times until now, only ten venerables had appeared in this world. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was one of them.


 This true inheritance of Spectral Soul that Fang Yuan obtained was comprehensive, as long as he cultivated according to it, he could approach the heights that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had once reached.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan had connections to quite a few venerables.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was the earliest to end up in Fang Yuan’s hands, it was the most crucial key to Red Lotus’ true inheritances, but until now, Fang Yuan had only inherited one of the seven true inheritances of Red Lotus. Moreover, although the inner contents were complete, Red Lotus’ true meaning had already been absorbed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had three true inheritances – Fang Yuan had obtained the essence of ‘self luck true inheritance’ from Lang Ya Sect, and some contents of ‘all living beings luck’ from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Ma Hong Yun, but it was not as much as the rumor said.


 Of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances, Fang Yuan had only inherited ghostly concealment, while divine concealment was taken by Zhao Lian Yun.


 “To think that the most complete venerable true inheritance that I obtained was Spectral Soul’s true inheritance originating from my former great enemy.”


 “Unfortunately, my soul path attainment is not enough, and cultivating soul path would require a huge amount of time, energy and resources.”


 “Among these, soul path has the most terrifying requirement for resources. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had once massacred countless living beings for his cultivation. If I were to repeat his way, I would also need to slaughter countless living beings, otherwise I simply would not be able to satisfy the resource requirements for my soul path cultivation.”


 Second to Spectral Soul’s true inheritance was Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 Although the true meaning of Red Lotus in this stone lotus island was already absorbed by Spectral Soul to raise his time path attainment, its true inheritance contents were handed down.


 The most important contents of this inheritance were the Immortal Gu recipes of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Not just rank six Immortal Gu recipes, there were recipes of rank seven, rank eight and even rank nine!


 This meant Fang Yuan now had the entire set of Immortal Gu recipes for Spring Autumn Cicada from rank six to rank nine!


 There was a huge amount of content in this set of Immortal Gu recipes, amounting to several hundreds of thousands of words. Merely the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada Immortal Gu recipes totaled to seventeen or eighteen. The recipe Fang Yuan had obtained in his first life of five hundred years was only one of them.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu recipes were even more numerous, reaching eighty-six. Rank eight Immortal Gu recipes totaled to forty-three.


 And there were three rank nine Immortal Gu recipes.


 An additional Immortal Gu recipe meant a new method to refine Spring Autumn Cicada.


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, this would definitely be a huge help. Later on, when he refines Spring Autumn Cicada, he would not only have many more choices, but could also be more flexible in his methods.


 “To think Red Lotus Demon Venerable had researched so deeply about Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “So it is true that Spring Autumn Cicada was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan naturally wanted to advance Spring Autumn Cicada, he was deeply aware of Spring Autumn Cicada’s power, and would absolutely not let go of this trump card that could overturn the situation!


 Besides Spectral Soul’s true inheritance and Red Lotus’ true inheritance, there were also large numbers of other true inheritances.


 Some of these inheritances were incomplete, while some were perfectly intact.


 This was the collection of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable when he was alive, and the continual gathering by Shadow Sect throughout a hundred thousand years. Now, all of these belonged to Fang Yuan!


 Although Purple Mountain True Monarch’s legacy was also abundant, he was only one of the split souls in the end. The content he grasped was not even one-hundredth of the total amount here.


 Especially because there was also the rule path true inheritance of Limitless Demon Venerable, and a formation path true inheritance of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, which were not in Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance.


 The value of all these contents was so high that it could not be estimated!


 As long as Fang Yuan had sufficient time and resources, Fang Yuan was confident he could use these contents to create an organization that was not weaker than Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan’s gains had reached an unimaginable amount such that even he himself was shaken. The frightening advantage of being the leader of Shadow Sect had finally been shown.


 Spectral Soul’s will spoke once again: “Sect leader Fang Yuan, you have now completely inherited Shadow Sect. Unfortunately, although there are a lot of true inheritances, you would need an unimaginable amount of time, energy and resources to cultivate them. And right now, what we lack the most is time, and there is also a huge scarcity of resources!”


 “Our main body had once successfully defied heaven, hiding from Heavenly Court, and delaying the great era by nearly five hundred years! But now, our main body has failed, everything has returned to its original path. Approximately ten years later, the great era will completely descend, the five regions will merge, which will definitely result in the largest chaotic war in history.”


 “And among the five regions, Central Continent’s foundation is the deepest with the most amount of Gu Masters and Gu Immortals. Furthermore, they also have a unified leader — Heavenly Court! This is something none of the other four regions have. Whether it be Eastern Sea, Western Desert, Southern Border or Northern Plains, they are all controlled by independent super forces and are disunited. Northern Plains does have Longevity Heaven, so their situation will be slightly better, but when compared to Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, their influence in the whole region is significantly lacking.”


 “And the most terrifying thing about Heavenly Court is their control of rank nine fate Immortal Gu. This Gu has extremely terrifying might, the reason why Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was able to make arrangements that could resist three Demon Venerables after her death was mostly because of the power of this Gu!”


 “The three great Demon Venerables are all within the confines of fate, this was already decided upon their birth and cannot be changed. Only an otherworldly demon is not restrained by the shackles of fate Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan, you are a complete otherworldly demon, and thus the greatest hope in destroying fate Immortal Gu. In fact, you are the inheritor that Red Lotus Demon Venerable had been most anticipating!”


 “Ten years, you only have ten years. Fang Yuan, don’t let Heavenly Court restore fate Immortal Gu! Otherwise, Heavenly Court will become invincible, even if the four regions attack it together, they will not be able to bring it down. If that happens, there will be no hope of invading Heavenly Court and rescuing our main body.”


 “You don’t have much time, Fang Yuan.”



***
Chapter 1436 - Return


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Stone lotus island.


 The voice of Spectral Soul’s will started to become choppy as his whole body turned increasingly translucent.


 Fang Yuan wanted to help and replenish it, but was stopped.


 “Let me disappear, I am Spectral Soul’s will, my main body is being suppressed by Heavenly Court, I will be found out by Heavenly Court sooner or later.”


 “As for the split souls... there is no need to worry about them within a short period of time.”


 “The stone lotus island is no more, my mission has also been finished.”


 “Now, while I still have some strength left, let me speed up time for you and make one last contribution.”


 Fang Yuan was silent, before slowly nodding: “Alright.”


 After he agreed, he took out the self cleansing immortal Gu formation.


 Shortly afterwards, Bai Ning Bing and the rest entered the immortal formation, the immortal Gu formation started operating while letting out deafening rumbling noises.


 Spectral Soul’s will smiled as the stone lotus island let out its final frail afterglow.


 “Lord Huang Shi is dead!”


 When this news was transmitted, Feng Jiu Ge and the two rank eight Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court felt an intense shock.


 Shortly afterwards, more detailed information was transmitted to them by Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Fang Yuan lost the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but has actually gotten control of an immemorial year monkey?!”


 “That Red Lotus true inheritance is truly beyond belief, it can actually control a segment of the River of Time!”


 “If it were not for the stone lotus island, even if Fang Yuan had strength that rivaled rank eight along with the protection of the immemorial year monkey, he would not be able to take Lord Huang Shi’s life. Sigh...”


 Right now, the three immortals had already gotten past the defense line of dream realms and arrived in front of the tributary of the River of Time.


 The dream realms which Fang Yuan had meticulously arranged, because of their own circulation, showed a gap, letting the three immortals easily pass by it without wasting any energy.


 Dream realms could obstruct enemies for some time, but they could not be relied on for a long time.


 Especially when these dream realms were already infiltrated by heaven’s will. Their circulation would clearly favor Heavenly Court.


 This was also the reason why Fang Yuan did not use the dream realm defense line to make a last-ditch struggle when escaping earlier.


 The three immortals’ expressions turned unsightly upon hearing the news of Lord Huang Shi’s death.


 According to their original plan, Lord Huang Shi would make a move inside the River of Time, destroying Red Lotus’ true inheritance, and forcing out Fang Yuan and the rest, then with the three immortals outside, they would encircle and eliminate Fang Yuan and the remaining Shadow Sect members.


 But now, their strongest member, Lord Huang Shi, was instead the first to fall, this caused the situation of Feng Jiu Ge and the others to become rather awkward.


 Should they wait or not?


 If they continue waiting, would Fang Yuan and the rest eventually be forced to appear in front of them?


 The three immortals hesitated, they had come well-prepared, but who could have expected their morale to receive a strike before they even fought.


 “Continue waiting.” Fairy Zi Wei sent them new instructions.


 “I have already deduced that in the information Fang Yuan has, only this tributary of the River of Time is remaining.”


 “Lord Huang Shi was sacrificed, but his sacrifice has provided us a lot of valuable information regarding the ins and outs of Fang Yuan and the other Shadow Sect members. Especially regarding Red Lotus’ true inheritance, our Heavenly Court is now no longer completely in the dark about it!”


 “Fang Yuan and the others cannot continue to hide in Red Lotus’ true inheritance. They must come out eventually.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s tone was resolute, causing the fighting spirit of Feng Jiu Ge and the two immortals to soar.


 Fairy Zi Wei was one of the few wisdom path great experts in the current five regions, her deduction absolutely would not err.


 “Then we shall continue to wait!”


 “Damned otherworldly demon, a calamity to all living beings, I will definitely take your life this time; I will tear off your skin, pull out your tendons, and grind your bones till they turn to dust!!”


 The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were furious, while Feng Jiu Ge’s expression was calm as he gazed at the turbulent tributary of the River of Time in silence.


 However, a day passed, two days passed, soon, five, six days passed.


 But the tributary of the River of Time showed no commotion.


 Ten days went by, half a month passed, but the waiting immortals did not even see a trace of Fang Yuan!


 However, they were not shaken.


 They were either current or future Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, how could such people lack patience?


 Especially Feng Jiu Ge, who had battled Fang Yuan a few times and knew of his terrifying growth rate, he had already marked Fang Yuan as a great threat to the world. He had already made up his mind to eliminate Fang Yuan as early as possible, or else he would not be at ease.


 “Where is Fang Yuan?”


 “Are they still on the stone lotus island?”


 “Why do I feel a sense of unease?”


 In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei, however, was starting to feel puzzled.


 Not long after Lord Huang Shi’s sacrifice, she had completely lost the information of Fang Yuan and the rest. The Shadow Sect members had used the self cleansing immortal Gu formation along with the power of Red Lotus’ true inheritance to speed up time, they had completely gotten rid of the investigative killer move on them.


 Although there was no evidence to prove Fang Yuan and the others had escaped from the River of Time, Fairy Zi Wei vaguely sensed something wrong.


 This attracted Fairy Zi Wei’s attention.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were not just about intellect, wisdom path cultivation emphasized on three main points – thoughts, wills and emotions.


 Among them, emotions and feelings were also specialty methods of wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Thus, the unease in Fairy Zi Wei’s heart had not just appeared out of nowhere, it was a premonition.


 “In the worst case scenario, Fang Yuan has already escaped the River of Time?’


 “But Feng Jiu Ge and the group had already blocked the entrance, so how did he succeed in escaping?”


 “Did he gain some extremely powerful concealment method from Red Lotus’ true inheritance? Or... did he use another tributary of the River of Time?”


 Fairy Zi Wei suddenly had a flash of inspiration. The two tributaries of the River of Time that Fang Yuan had access to were already exposed.


 This information was definite because its source was Spectral Soul’s main body!


 Spectral Soul’s main body had been suppressed by Duke Long, Heavenly Court naturally would not let him go and had conducted soul searching on him. However, Spectral Soul was a peak expert of soul path, even if there was only a tiny fraction of his soul remaining, how could he be easily soul searched by ordinary methods?


 Heavenly Court had exhausted all their means to extract information, but Spectral Soul’s main body was still struggling stubbornly, and as such, they had not obtained much information.


 “If Fang Yuan did not use this tributary of the River of Time, then which exit did he choose?’”


 Tributaries of the River of Time were exits, Feng Jiu Ge and the group were blocking the final exit. Even if Fang Yuan did not investigate it, he would have already expected this situation and might have taken the risk to charge through another tributary of the River of Time. Because rather than fighting with the sufficiently prepared Heavenly Court forces, it might be better to break through other, unaware forces.


 ‘”And in Western Desert, there are altogether three forces who have control over a tributary of the River of Time.”


 “First is Tian clan. This clan mainly cultivates wood path and earth path, and are mainly renowned for their immortal aperture management, and even have good reputation in the other four regions. In the current Western Desert Gu Immortal world, it is one of the super forces with the most solid foundations.”


 “Second is Gong clan. Gong clan Gu Immortals are proficient in long range fighting methods, especially their curse related killer moves, which are imperceptible and can silently take their enemy’s life even when they are separated by an enormous range. Their most famous immortal killer move, bow shadow cup, had terrorized the whole of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world. They only need a trace of the target’s shadow, after which, they can activate the killer move and can kill their target no matter how far apart the distance.”


 “Third is Tang clan. Tang clan is a declining clan, its strength is mid-lower tier among Western Desert’s super forces. But they still have an Immortal Gu House and has control over a tributary of the River of Time, which is right by their headquarters. With their powerful defensive strength, other forces cannot easily seize it.”


 “If Fang Yuan were to forcibly charge through, which clan would he choose?”


 “If I consider this, along with no movement from the three clans, Fang Yuan might still be in River of Time.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was in deep contemplation.


 She was deeply aware of the situation of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world. The power of Heavenly Court’s information gathering was clear from this.


 Tang clan.


 The remnant afterglow of an immortal killer move successively condensed on Fang Yuan and the rest.


 “This move will provide us three months of time. Not only can it defend against the deductions of Gu Immortals, it can also avert the attention of heaven’s will.” Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes, which shined briefly with joy.


 Other than Fang Yuan, there was also Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, Black Tigress and Fairy Miao Yin, no one was missing.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s conjecture was only half-correct.


 Fang Yuan indeed had no plans to engage in a desperate battle with Heavenly Court’s forces, and had given up on that tributary of the River of Time. But Fang Yuan’s group had already left the River of Time ten days ago, returning to Western Desert.


 “Let’s go. It is time to leave Western Desert.” Fang Yuan moved forward while the other immortals followed closely behind.


 They were deep below the ground, the group kept on moving until they reached the surface.


 Two Western Desert Gu Immortals were already waiting for them at the entrance.


 “Tang Fang Ming (Tang Lan Ke) pays respects to Shadow Sect leader.” The two Gu Immortals looked young, and after seeing Fang Yuan, they elegantly bowed.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I have troubled you two, these are the Immortal Gu I borrowed from your esteemed clan.”


 Fang Yuan waved his hand; several Immortal Gu slowly flew into Tang Fang Ming’s hand.


 Tang Fang Ming carefully examined and after determining there was no damage to the Immortal Gu, he cautiously stored them into his immortal aperture.


 He said with some embarrassment: “Please forgive my actions, I borrowed these Gu from the clan personally, this is a huge responsibility, I have no choice but to be more careful.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, Tang Fang Ming’s words had deep meaning. After all, Tang clan was a righteous path force but was cooperating with the demonic path’s Shadow Sect, if this was exposed, they would be denounced and there would be immense trouble.


 But factions did not represent anything, benefits were the only things that everyone chased after.


 Tang clan was weak, the external pressure on them was enormous. Such an environment made almost all the Tang clan Gu Immortals possess the spirit of going all out, taking risks, bearing hardships, and enduring patiently.


 Tang clan’s grand strategy was to develop dream path.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life of five hundred years, Tang clan had moved to the top by exploiting dream realms. During the five regions chaotic war, they had made countless achievements, their strength rose explosively, and became the number one righteous path force of Western Desert in one leap!


 Fang Yuan had thus contacted Tang clan, to use Shadow Sect’s research results in dream path in exchange for Tang clan opening up their tributary of the River of Time, so that there was a final retreat path for him. Moreover, he was willing to cooperate with Tang clan in the future, to jointly research the dream realm, and also obtained their financial help to produce guts Gu.


 Such enormous benefits moved all the Tang clansmen!


 The support of guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s unravel dream and Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream, they were all greatly desired by Tang clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Naturally, the latter two would absolutely not be easy for Tang clan to obtain.



***
Chapter 1437 - This Man is Going Against Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 Blazing sunlight shone down upon all lifeforms.


 The blue sky was cloudless, distorting hot-air was rising up from the golden desert.


 “Farewell.” Fang Yuan’s group bid farewell to the two Tang clan Gu Immortals.


 “Shadow Sect friends, please take care.” Tang Lan Ke smiled.


 She was a rank seven time path Gu Immortal, and was in charge of the tributary of the River of Time. She was the main person who helped Fang Yuan come out of Tang clan’s tributary of the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “You have already accompanied us for ten thousand li, there is no need to send us off anymore.”


 Tang Lan Ke’s smile became even brighter, but she was inwardly laughing bitterly. Their cooperation with Fang Yuan was not just about the guts Gu trade, but also Shadow Sect’s various research gains in dream path.


 But ever since Fang Yuan returned to Western Desert, he did not mention anything about this. He seemed to have completely forgotten about it.


 Although both sides had formed an alliance agreement and were restrained by it, they had yet to truly cooperate, even Tang clan was starting to feel somewhat anxious.


 Tang Fang Ming, who had been silent the entire time, suddenly spoke, inquiring directly: “Shadow Sect leader and friends, I wonder how will we collaborate from now?”


 Fang Yuan glanced at Tang Fang Ming, an admiring expression flashing past his eyes: “I am very interested in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, we can deepen our collaboration in this. But right now, we are being chased by several rank eight Gu Immortals of Heavenly Court, it is not a good time to collaborate, we can only look forward to it in the future. Rest assured, we have formed an alliance agreement, haven’t we? Of course, if your clan truly insists, we can remain here. It is just that our camps are different and with Heavenly Court’s chase, there is huge pressure on us.”


 Tang Fang Ming and Tang Lan Ke looked at each other, both seeing bitterness in each other’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s words meant that if they want to collaborate and obtain dream path research gains, then they have to help resist the pursuing forces of Heavenly Court. Moreover, when the matter of Tang clan colluding with the demonic path is exposed, they will have to bear the consequences of their righteous path reputation going down the drain!


 Tang clan could not bear this consequence.


 They could not take a hard approach as well.


 Because Fang Yuan was sufficiently strong, such that he had no fear of Tang clan, who possessed Immortal Gu House.


 “Then I can only wish you a safe journey.” Tang Fang Ming bowed slightly.


 “Okay, farewell.” Fang Yuan nodded, leaving with an indifferent expression, while the other immortals followed behind him.


 Tang Fang Ming and Tang Lan Ke stood on the sand dune, watching Fang Yuan and the rest leave until they turned into black dots in the horizon.


 “Little Ming, you are letting them go like this?” Tang Lan Ke frowned.


 Tang Fang Ming glanced at Tang Lan Ke calmly: “I am not letting them go, it is that our Tang clan cannot force them to stay.”


 Tang Lan Ke was silent for a long while before sighing: “Sigh, I am uneasy about this, I don’t know if this alliance is beneficial or harmful to our clan.”


 Tang Fang Ming: “I only know that all things have advantages and disadvantages. Often, the greater the risks, the greater the profits. What’s more, the decision of collaborating with Shadow Sect was agreed upon by several supreme elders.”


 Tang Lan Ke immediately showed a serious expression: “This has no relation to the clan, only you and I contacted Shadow Sect! If there is a mishap, only we will bear the responsibility!”


 Tang Fang Ming chuckled, but was inwardly rolling his eyes.


 Tang clan threw him and Tang Lan Ke out as scapegoats to maintain their righteous path identity. They would be the cover to hide the clan’s disgrace if this matter was exposed in the future.


 This was a righteous path’s trick, and Tang Fang Ming was well aware of it.


 “What kind of person is Fang Yuan? He had long seen through Tang clan’s trick! The tributary of the River of Time is near the clan’s headquarters, and they stayed for ten days, but even the first supreme elder did not show up. How could there be sincerity in such a collaboration? Since we are cooperating, we should make up our minds, how can we achieve anything by being so hesitant?”


 Tang Fang Ming was thinking to himself, when Tang Lan Ke asked: “What do you think of Fang Yuan? He said he was being chased by several rank eight Gu Immortals of Heavenly Court, could he be exaggerating?”


 Tang Fang Ming knew Tang Lan Ke’s question had deep meaning, his best choice would be to keep silent.


 If he said bad things about Fang Yuan, Tang Lan Ke would report to the clan that Tang Fang Ming was filled with ill feelings towards Shadow Sect and made them unhappy, she could use this to push the responsibility of this matter to him.


 If he said good words about Fang Yuan, Tang Lan Ke would collect this evidence. In case the matter were to be exposed in the future, Tang clan would sacrifice them to protect itself; Tang Lan Ke could then present the evidence to say that she had been enticed by a certain Gu Immortal of the clan, and lighten her punishment.


 Tang Fang Ming was not a fool, he might not have been used to it when he had just returned to the clan.


 But now, he was an expert in the righteous path’s tricks.


 However, at this moment, as Tang Fang Ming gazed at Fang Yuan’s figure disappearing gradually in the horizons, he had a complex feeling.


 He sighed and bluntly said his innermost thoughts: “Although I haven’t seen his splendor in battle, through these several days of contact, I am certain his reputation is not false. Fang Yuan is a legend of this generation, his elegant demeanor and grand ambition fill people with admiration. He... is a man who is going against heaven. Just based on this, we will not be able to compare to him.”


 A trace of joy flashed past Tang Lan Ke’s eyes, she kept silent upon hearing Tang Fang Ming’s words.


 Fang Yuan was also thinking about Tang Fang Ming as he flew on his way.


 In his five hundred years of memories, this Tang Fang Ming was a legendary figure of Western Desert!


 His status was almost equal to Northern Plains’ Ma Hong Yun of that time.


 Tang Fang Ming had been stripped of his status and mercilessly abandoned by Tang clan’s Gu Master higher-ups when he was young.


 He and his sister, Tang Miao, led a vagrant life, suffering much hardship. But due to a fortuitous encounter, he cultivated to Gu Immortal level, while his sister Tang Miao became a rank five peak stage Gu Master.


 To recruit a Gu Immortal, Tang clan’s multiple supreme elders sacrificed the Gu Master higher-ups of the clan in exchange for the return of Tang Fang Ming.


 The later events proved that Tang clan’s supreme elders made a wise decision.


 After Tang Fang Ming returned to the clan, not only did he help his sister to become a Gu Immortal, he also actively explored Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 He had an extraordinary talent and aptitude in dream realm exploration.


 He started to create dream path Gu worms, making huge contributions to the rise of the whole of Tang clan.


 During the five regions chaotic war, dream realms manifested everywhere, dream path flourished, and Tang clan seized this opportunity to rise to become Western Desert’s strongest super force.


 It was mighty and powerful, even throughout the five regions, it was a peak level super force. As Tang clan’s prestige spread in Western Desert, there were many who started to call Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world to be in — Tang clan’s era!


 And in Tang clan, the most eye-catching and charismatic legend was the Gu Immortal who turned to cultivating dream path, Tang Fang Ming!


 “Currently, Ma Hong Yun has already died in my hands, but with the coming collaboration, Tang Fang Ming will grow up even faster. The comparison and contrast between the two is truly quite amazing.”


 “But according to the true path set by fate, Ma Hong Yun was meant to die.”


 A dark light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes as he thought of this.


 On the stone lotus island, what Fang Yuan obtained was not only true inheritances and Spectral Soul’s rank nine immortal essence, but also some valuable information Spectral Soul’s will had deduced with the help of Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life, Shadow Sect had succeeded in defying heaven, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had resurrected, and also succeeded in infiltrating Heavenly Court.


 Later, the great era descended and the five regions chaotic war started.


 Shadow Sect’s influence had expanded into the five regions and two heavens, manipulating everything in the dark.


 Shadow Sect had interfered multiple times to save Ma Hong Yun, before he finally became a symbolic character of the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, in order to resist Heavenly Court.


 And Tang clan was also a target for Shadow Sect to support secretly!


 That’s right.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life too, Tang clan had collaborated with Shadow Sect. The reason Tang clan could create ‘Tang clan’s era’ was because Shadow Sect was supporting it from behind the scenes to fight against Central Continent’s Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan chose to collaborate with Tang clan mainly because of this.


 In Western Desert, Tang clan was not the only one who possessed a tributary of the River of Time. But compared to the other two super forces, Tang clan had more basis for sincere collaboration.


 The later events proved Fang Yuan’s choice was a success.


 Borrowing Tang clan’s tributary of the River of Time, Fang Yuan escaped River of Time, leaving Feng Jiu Ge’s group back at the original spot as they waited fruitlessly.


 “But...”


 “In my first life, even though Shadow Sect’s grand plan succeeded and Spectral Soul revived, he seemed to have been unable to regain the status of a venerable. Moreover, Shadow Sect had retained its strength but Spectral Soul still chose to fight Heavenly Court in the dark, while supporting other forces. This proved Heavenly Court’s strength was difficult for even Spectral Soul to confront head-on at that time!”


 “In this life, Spectral Soul’s grand plan failed because of me, Spectral Soul’s main body was even captured, Shadow Sect is in rough condition, and the only ones remaining are us. This situation is many times worse than in my first life.”


 “Now, I also might have to follow Spectral Soul’s strategy, keeping in hiding while supporting several forces like Tang clan to create trouble for Heavenly Court.”


 “But what do I do against fate Gu?”


 Fang Yuan’s brows unavoidably furrowed at this issue.


 In his first life, fate Gu was not restored successfully. Because Zombie Alliance still existed, and Spectral Soul, the one fated to die long ago, had revived. Not only did he revive, he hid from Heavenly Court, manipulating and brewing countless schemes in secret, obstructing Heavenly Court in restoring fate Gu.


 But it was different now.


 The situation facing Fang Yuan was much worse!


 Spectral Soul’s main body was captured and Zombie Alliance was gone, many fate defying existences were already eliminated, which made the restoration of fate Gu much easier.


 Fate Immortal Gu was the executioner’s blade hanging above Fang Yuan’s head.


 Spectral Soul’s will had deeply reminded Fang Yuan to be careful of fate Immortal Gu, if it was really restored completely, the result would be disastrous.


 Fang Yuan firmly engraved this warning in his mind, but he could not imagine or think of ways to go about destroying fate Immortal Gu.


 Could he surrender if he could not win?


 As far as Shadow Sect was concerned, they did not have this option at all.


 And it was even more so for Fang Yuan.


 “In my first life, I was constantly on the go, wandering, enduring hardships, being schemed against, tormented and suppressed by heaven’s will, I already have no route to retreat.”


 “Heaven’s will chose me as its tool, but when I did not destroy sovereign immortal fetus Gu and used it on myself, I went on the path to go against heaven, there is no other option left.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan looked at the sky.


 The boundless heavens and the vast will of heaven!


 Compared to them, he was so insignificant.


 Going against heaven?


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan smiled silently.



***
Chapter 1438 - Heavenly Court Shocks the Five Regions


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Halls made of white jade stood majestically in the clouds, while the majestic silver sky shone brightly and grandly.


 Among these halls was a pitch black hall that was very conspicuous.


 Three large words were carved on the plaque of the door — Soul Suppression Hall!


 The aura emanating from this hall exposed its extraordinariness, undoubtedly, this was a rank eight Immortal Gu House!


 At the center of this hall were five enormous pillars.


 Purple-gold chains were connected around the scarlet pillars to form a giant web.


 And a remnant soul was shackled at the center of this giant web.


 It was Spectral Soul’s main body!


 Fairy Zi Wei stood expressionlessly at the edge of the five pillars: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, you were a rank nine Gu Venerable when alive, you did not accept your death and acted in defiance against heaven. Your current outcome is entirely the negative consequence of your own actions. Do you admit your wrongdoing?”


 Her voice was crystal clear as it resonated in the large hall.


 On the contrary, the remnant soul remained silent, not even letting out a grunt.


 Fairy Zi Wei continued: “In the past, you had rampaged around the whole world, slaughtering countless beings to satisfy your desires and attain your personal achievements. Now, you have become a prisoner, are you still not going to repent and strive for the well-being of all lifeforms to atone for your crimes?”


 The remnant soul was still silent.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed, activating Soul Suppression Hall.


 Immediately, the vast auras of Gu worms surged like rolling tides, and like lava, the five giant pillars started radiating light and heat.


 The giant web formed by countless purple-gold chains subsequently shone with a dazzling and bewitching light.


 Spectral Soul’s main body began to tremble, and as time passed, his trembling grew more intense.


 When the trembling reached a certain degree, bits of information was extracted, which followed the countless purple-gold chains into Soul Suppression Hall.


 Images started to emerge on the surface of the giant pillars, playing out some scenes of Spectral Soul’s life back in the day.


 There were scenes of his cultivation, his valor in battles, conversations with others, and so on.


 The whole soul search lasted for fifteen minutes before it slowly stopped.


 Fairy Zi Wei, however, was not pleased. The extracted information was only superficial, and there was almost no truly valuable information.


 Her gaze turned grim as she sneered: “Oh Spectral Soul, since ancient times it has always been winners who take all, what is the point of doing this? You already have no hope, are you still hoping someone will attack Heavenly Court and save you? Hehe. What can you achieve by putting up this resistance? Your outcome is set and it cannot be changed.”


 Spectral Soul was still silent, like a piece of steel or rock.


 Fairy Zi Wei snorted, turning around and leaving.


 Boom!


 The large door of Soul Suppression Hall closed heavily behind her.


 Looking at the empty Heavenly Court and the silent halls, Fairy Zi Wei’s brows furrowed slightly.


 Over these days, the uneasy feeling in her had become increasingly intense.


 And over on Feng Jiu Ge’s end, they still had not found any traces of Fang Yuan’s group.


 Not only this, in the information that Heavenly Court gathered regarding Western Desert, there was no news of anyone coming out of a tributary of the River of Time.


 Everything was peaceful.


 However, Fairy Zi Wei sensed something wrong from this peace.


 “Unfortunately, Spectral Soul is still putting up a resistance even after falling to this state! The information extracted from him is of no help in deducing Fang Yuan’s tracks.”


 “He was after all a rank nine venerable, a peak legendary expert of soul path. Even if this is just a trace of his soul, it is actually able to resist the search of Soul Suppression Hall. Truly amazing! If it were my remnant soul, not to speak of an Immortal Gu House, it won’t be able to resist even a rank six Immortal Gu.”


 “Forget it. Even if Spectral Soul won’t cooperate, Soul Suppression Hall can still continue to soul search, it is just that the progress is rather slow. But given some time, there will be a day when all the information will be extracted from Spectral Soul.”


 “As for now...”


 Fairy Zi Wei gazed at the sky, her lips curling upwards as she revealed an extremely beautiful smile.


 “It is time for the world to know of Heavenly Court’s might.”


 Heavenly Court, which had been keeping silent for several months after the battle of dream realm, suddenly revealed astonishingly terrifying news!


 The former Spectral Soul Demon, Venerable left with merely a remnant soul, was captured by Heavenly Court, his heaven-defying scheme was ruined by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 The moment this news spread, the whole Gu Immortal world went into an uproar.


 Countless Gu Immortals were shaken.


 Rank nine venerables were invincible existences who ruled an era.


 No one could have imagined Heavenly Court to be able to capture a rank nine venerable. Moreover, it was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had the most murderous nature among all the venerables!


 Despite it being only a remnant soul, it was still enough to shake the world.


 Naturally, there were voices who questioned the authenticity of this news, but they soon vanished.


 Heavenly Court had naturally made sufficient preparation, listing out all kinds of evidence, spanning from Zombie Alliance, Shadow Sect as well as the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the battle of the super dream realm, and so on.


 The ironclad evidence completely convinced the people.


 In an instant, the whole world’s attention was gathered on Heavenly Court.


 The past glory of Heavenly Court was dug up by countless Gu Immortals.


 It was the number one force in the Gu Immortal world, the strongest force since the start!


 It was founded by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, and was inherited by multiple Immortal Venerables later on, standing tall throughout countless generations.


 Even when three Demon Venerables invaded it, they had to leave without success.


 It was mysterious, it was powerful, it stood high above, it was unfathomable!


 This was Heavenly Court!!


 ...


 Northern Plains, Longevity Heaven.


 South Desolation Immortal was lying on a sickbed, his aged face showing his final remaining bit of vitality.


 “Sigh, who could have thought that the grand Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s reputation to be lost after death, actually ending up in Heavenly Court’s hands.” South Desolation Immortal heaved a deep sigh.


 Yao Huang, who was standing beside the sickbed, comforted: “Lord South Desolation, you should focus on recuperating and resting.”


 South Desolation Immortal chuckled: “It doesn’t matter, I only have a few days remaining. Remember the things I instructed you, you will take the position of South Desolation after my death.”


 “Yes, lord.”


 South Desolation Immortal showed some worry: “Times are changing, the five regions are descending into an unprecedented state. I have already sensed the surging waves of time, and it is not an ordinary wave, it is a tsunami that far surpasses even the venerables’ eras. Even my Longevity Heaven will be swallowed by this tsunami if we take a wrong step. Heavenly Court is our biggest enemy, be careful.”


 “Lord, this junior has firmly engraved your words in mind.”


 ...


 Southern Border, Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian.


 This was an extremely peculiar mountain peak. In ancient times, a rank eight Southern Border Gu Immortal turned into an immortal zombie, and fought against allied attacks of super forces in this peak, finally dying here. As time passed, on the mangled corpse of this rank eight immortal zombie, due to the nourishment of the natural essence from the river, along with the aquatic plants in the river that rooted themselves, this place turned into a corpse mountain.


 Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian was as high as several hundreds of meters, it was close to the whirlpool in the intersection of red dragon river and yellow dragon river where natural essence was extremely dense, and as such its resource productivity was huge and it by itself was a place of strategical importance.


 Right now, Wu Yong was standing at the peak of Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, gazing at the vast whirlpool in the intersection of red dragon river and yellow dragon river.


 Behind him was a Wu clan Gu Immortal, Wu Zhen.


 Wu Zhen gazed at Wu Yong’s back, not in the least concealing the admiration in his heart.


 This Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian originally belonged to Wu clan, but not long ago, it was seized by Yao clan. After the battle of dream realm, Wu Yong had brought out Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and displayed his powerful strength, aweing the experts of Southern Border’s righteous path. Moreover, after he had successfully negotiated and got back the lost Immortal Gu from Heavenly Court, he had returned them to their respective righteous path clans.


 As a result, Wu Yong’s prestige had risen greatly, and although Wu clan had suffered severe losses, this swept away their declining state and stabilized their throne at number one in Southern Border.


 A stick in one hand and a carrot in the other, Wu Yong benefited in every way, he successfully retrieved the lost territories, making many righteous forces retreat without much fight.


 Now, in Wu clan, many were comparing Wu Yong to Wu Du Xiu. Wu clan’s morale soared, and they believed Wu Yong would definitely sustain Wu clan’s glory!


 “Wu Zhen, this Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian is a strategic place. Among all the clansmen, I can only be at ease handing this to you.” Wu Yong said without looking back.


 “Yes, I will not disappoint first supreme elder.” Wu Zhen’s tone was slightly trembling.


 “Lord...” He paused before continuing, “Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian is our final lost territory, do we counterattack now?”


 Wu Yong frowned.


 He had all along been scheming about counterattacking.


 But after the news of Heavenly Court capturing Spectral Soul, Wu Yong decided to give up this plan.


 “This time, Wu clan lost many Gu Immortals. Since we have already recovered all the lost territories, our manpower, which was already barely able to control our vast territories before, has an even bigger issue now. It is time to recuperate and cultivate the next generation of clansmen to become Gu Immortals.”


 “Yes, I shall follow first supreme elder’s decision.” Wu Zhen said respectfully.


 The current Wu Yong’s prestige was extremely high, his decision was supported by all the Wu clan Gu Immortals.


 “However, we cannot settle the matter of infringing on our Wu clan so easily. Although we won’t expand our territories, we will get resources as compensation.” Wu Yong continued, his voice containing a trace of battle intent.


 Wu Zhen’s spirits immediately rose: “First supreme elder is wise!”


 ...


 Western Desert, Tang clan’s headquarters.


 “Heavenly Court’s might really is frightening.” Tang clan’s second supreme elder was worried.


 Tang clan’s first supreme elder indifferently glanced at him, well aware of why the other had come.


 Previously, when they discussed collaboration with Fang Yuan’s group, the second supreme elder was opposed to it. Now that the news of Heavenly Court capturing Spectral Soul was publicized, Tang clan’s Gu Immortals felt huge pressure.


 “Will Heavenly Court hold us accountable for cooperating with Shadow Sect?” Second supreme elder sighed.


 “So what if they do? So what if they do not?” First supreme elder smiled.


 Second supreme elder frowned and said while pacing around: “If they don’t blame us, it is naturally a matter of great joy, and we can continue to collaborate with Shadow Sect. But if they hold us accountable, our Tang clan is after all a super force of Western Desert, we can collaborate with other clans to resist Heavenly Court. Of course, we must strictly keep the secret and not let out any evidence. Otherwise, with justification on their side, Heavenly Court can interrogate us while our clan won’t be able to seek reinforcements.”


 “Also, if that doesn’t work, we can only sacrifice Tang Fang Ming and Tang Lan Ke for the clan.”


 First supreme elder laughed: “Haha, look, you already know how to deal with the situation, so what are you panicking for?”


 “Ugh.”


 First supreme elder restrained his laughter, and said in a serious tone: “If Tang clan wants to rise, we must take such risks. Riches and fortune are found in danger, if we cannot grasp Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s dream realm, would we be worthy of this great opportunity? As for Tang Fang Ming and Tang Lan Ke, they are already aware. Sacrificing for the clan is the greatest honor.”


 Second supreme elder sighed: “First supreme elder is wise!”



***
Chapter 1439 - Zhao Lian Yuns Ascension


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hahaha, elder Fang Yuan, you are back!” Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily, walking towards Fang Yuan with open arms.


 Fang Yuan also laughed: “I feel like I have returned home, my heart truly feels much more secure.”


 The two strongly hugged each other, their attitude was extremely warm.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, your name has shaken the whole world now, congratulations.” Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze towards Fang Yuan was completely different from before.


 Fang Yuan now possessed rank eight battle strength, this was his own battle strength, and was enough for Lang Ya land spirit to pay heavy attention to him.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan had escaped from Heavenly Court’s chase and safely returned to Lang Ya Sect.


 This battle achievement would shake the world if it was publicized.


 From Lang Ya land spirit’s perspective, he was naturally willing to see Fang Yuan have irreconcilable hatred towards the number one human force, Heavenly Court.


 The more Fang Yuan was hunted down, the more happy he would be.


 Because he was a hairy man, and his obsession was to make hairy men the rulers of the world.


 Naturally, Lang Ya Sect’s safety was much more important. If he had not been convinced that Fang Yuan was ‘clean’ and had not left behind any clues for Heavenly Court to track down, Lang Ya land spirit would not have been so welcoming.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, what are your plans now?” Lang Ya land spirit asked while walking.


 Fang Yuan spoke bluntly without hesitation: “The situation is quite dangerous now, I intend to rest and reorganize for some time. I have already inherited Spectral Soul’s true inheritance and become the new leader of Shadow Sect, as long as I have enough time, I can increase my cultivation and strength continually. Heavenly Court is not able to investigate me anymore. Now that I think of it, it was truly dangerous, I was fortunate to have first supreme elder fully supporting me!”


 Lang Ya land spirit felt somewhat embarrassed, he could only laugh loudly.


 He naturally did not fully support Fang Yuan, and only helped Fang Yuan refine Gu according to the sect rules he had set.


 If he did, he would have already sent hairy man Gu Immortals to aid Fang Yuan.


 The two conversed while walking.


 Along the way, they saw many hairy man Gu Masters who bowed towards them respectfully.


 Lang Ya Sect’s development was also progressing rapidly.


 Ever since Lang Ya land spirit changed the development strategy, promoting the hairy man war of the three continents, many outstanding hairy man Gu Masters had risen.


 These hairy man elites were selected and brought to live in Cloud Cover Continent to guide them in further cultivation.


 Murals of Lang Ya Sect’s supreme elders were in each cloud city of Cloud Cover Continent.


 And the cloud city belonging to Fang Yuan was much taller and had a giant statue of him.


 As such, these Gu Masters were familiar with all Gu Immortal elders.


 After discussing for a while, Fang Yuan bade farewell to Lang Ya land spirit.


 The two had conversed cheerily, Lang Ya land spirit was of course extremely interested in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, while Fang Yuan wanted to use Lang Ya Sect’s power to help him refine Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had some ability in refinement path, but against Lang Ya Sect, he paled in comparison.


 Both sides set up many agreements, Lang Ya land spirit left in satisfaction.


 Fang Yuan walked to a Gu refinement hall and saw Sixth Hair.


 “So it was second supreme elder, sorry for not receiving you.” Sixth Hair smiled.


 He looked withered and haggard, and in a miserable state. When he saw Fang Yuan, complicated expressions were shown through his eyes.


 There was joy, surges of emotions, loneliness, and sighs.


 Events in life were mystical things, before, Sixth Hair had been wishing for Fang Yuan’s death!


 Now, Fang Yuan had become the leader of Shadow Sect, and was also the only hope in rescuing Spectral Soul’s main body.


 Since Fang Yuan protected Ying Wu Xie’s life and had irreconcilable enmity with Heavenly Court, Sixth Hair also chose to acknowledge Fang Yuan’s position.


 “Sixth Hair pays respect to lord sect leader, please forgive me for not being able to pay full respects.” Sixth Hair transmitted his voice.


 This was Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit could observe everything clearly.


 “It is just superficial etiquette, how could I mind these things?” Fang Yuan transmitted his voice: “I still need to thank you for your effort in helping me by refining Immortal Gu. Heavenly Court is my sworn enemy, there will be a day when I will invade Heavenly Court and use all my strength to rescue Spectral Soul’s main body!”


 Sixth Hair nodded, a radiant splendor flashing past his eyes as he turned around to lead the way: “Please, this way.”


 Actually, he was aware Fang Yuan’s words did not have any assurance. If Fang Yuan wanted to break his word, he would suffer no punishment nor pay any price.


 But for a human to live, they needed hope. Even if this hope was minuscule.


 Moreover, Sixth Hair was aware that if Fang Yuan had not been recruited, just based on the remaining Shadow Sect Gu Immortals, they simply would not be Heavenly Court’s match and would soon be wiped out.


 Heavenly Court would not even need to make a move, Fang Yuan might be the first to move against Shadow Sect’s remnant forces to gain benefits.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch had already predicted the future situation, and so to preserve the remaining Shadow Sect forces and to sustain hope, he handed the whole of Shadow Sect to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan knew Purple Mountain True Monarch’s intention, but he accepted it and was quite happy in doing so.


 Fang Yuan followed Sixth Hair and walked some distance before arriving in front of a refinement path immortal formation.


 There, flames were raging, but they were radiating extremely cold air.


 The extreme coldness soon covered Fang Yuan’s brows and the tips of his hair with a layer of frost.


 “Lord sect leader, cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s refinement has already reached its crucial stage. But I have failed several times in this step. My luck is inferior to yours, sect leader, you are more suitable to complete these final few steps.” Sixth Hair transmitted his voice.


 He then started to explain the steps of Gu refinement in detail, as well as many key points among them, his own experiences and insights.


 Fang Yuan listened attentively, not missing even a single word.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was the crucial key to his next cultivation plan.


 Almost at the same time, far away in Central Continent’s Spirit Affinity House.


 A peak rank five female Gu Master was faced with an important moment of her life.


 At this moment, she wore combat armor, she had clear white skin and her eyes shone like stars, her arched eyebrows were slightly furrowed right now as she concentrated.


 “You can begin.” Spirit Affinity House’s wisdom path Gu Immortal Xu Hao spoke.


 At his side was a female immortal; she was Xu Hao’s wife, Li Jun Ying.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded and took a deep breath as she started her immortal ascension!


 In her rank five peak stage aperture, primeval essence surged like fierce waves and struck at the surrounding aperture walls.


 Soon, cracks began to appear on the aperture walls.


 Following the increase in cracks, a formless heavenly power began to slowly lift Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


 When she was raised over ten feet from the ground, Zhao Lian Yun stopped.


 Currently, Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes were closed, her whole concentration was on controlling the primeval essence in her aperture to fiercely smash at the aperture walls.


 She was unaware that as the cracks on her aperture walls increased, the aura she revealed was becoming more dense and had already attracted two enormous waves of qi.


 Heaven qi surged, dark clouds rolled in the sky, and thunder started booming.


 Vast earth qi caused ground to shake and dust to rise.


 Heaven qi and earth qi were increasing in intensity.


 Suddenly, a crisp sound echoed as Zhao Lian Yun’s aperture completely fragmented.


 Immediately, an extremely dense human qi flowed out of her body!


 Heaven qi, earth qi and human qi began to mutually attract each other and soon gathered together, forming a giant qi sphere that covered Zhao Lian Yun.


 “You must persevere.” Li Jun Ying mumbled.


 Helping Zhao Lian Yun ascend to Gu Immortal was not just a task from Spirit Affinity House, even more, it concerned her and her husband Xu Hao’s benefits in the sect.


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying belonged to the Anti-Feng faction which was unable to get along with Feng Jiu Ge’s faction.


 And Zhao Lian Yun was the most crucial person in the Anti-Feng faction.


 Xu Hao was solemn and cautious.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s ascension was different from others. Because she had divine concealment, she could not be deduced and calamities and tribulations could not descend upon her.


 Such an immortal ascension was unprecedented in history. Even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had only created the first version of divine concealment after becoming a Gu Immortal.


 As such, Xu Hao was extremely careful, paying full attention to Zhao Lian Yun’s condition, he would immediately help if there was anything wrong.


 However, at this moment, despite Xu Hao having an intense desire to help, he was unable to do so.


 Three qi gathered, Zhao Lian Yun had to personally control its fusion process, outsiders could not interfere.


 Before she underwent immortal ascension, Zhao Lian Yun had done large amounts of preparation and practice. With Gu Immortals training and instructing her, she was extremely familiar with the whole process of immortal ascension.


 The qi sphere formed by the three qi became increasingly smaller.


 This was a good change.


 It showed Zhao Lian Yun was successfully condensing the three qi.


 After a while, the three had shrunken to an extreme degree, Zhao Lian Yun opened her eyes and gave a cry as she sent her vital Gu into the center of the three qi.


 Rumble!


 A huge sound resounded, like the booming of thunder.


 For an instant, Zhao Lian Yun was completely dazed, her gaze going blank.


 But she came to her senses the very next moment, quickly looking at her aperture.


 There was no longer an aperture, replacing it was an immortal aperture.


 Rank six immortal aperture!


 “I have succeeded!” Zhao Lian Yun wept from extreme joy.



***
Chapter 1440 - Great Dream Immortal Venerable Feng Jin Huang


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land, Gu refinement hall.


 The refinement path Gu formation slowly operated, the eerie blue cold fire had already turned into an iceberg.


 Fang Yuan stood at the edge of the refinement path immortal formation and raised his hands, closely pressing his palms onto the iceberg.


 His eyes shone brightly as he put almost all his concentration into the Gu refinement.


 All kinds of Gu worm auras fluctuated in his body, there were auras of mortal Gu as well as Immortal Gu. He was using large amounts of refinement path methods as well as killer moves.


 Under Fang Yuan’s effort, the blue cold fire was still quietly burning inside the iceberg.


 Gu materials were constantly refined by the fire, their impurities were removed, leaving behind only the purest essence.


 An Immortal Gu embryo was beginning to form little by little.


 Sixth Hair, who was standing at the side, was observing with a joyful look.


 This progress had already surpassed his previous records.


 This was naturally not because Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment was higher than Sixth Hair, but because of luck.


 And an even more important reason was the refinement path method.


 “To think that our sect had an inheritance of a refinement path great expert of the Remote Antiquity Era, Bei Luo.” Sixth Hair inwardly sighed.


 Bei Luo was a renowned historical figure, he was a rank eight refinement path Gu Immortal, and he was most specialized in the ice refinement method. Even until now, his ice refinement specialization was at a level where later generations could only look up to.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was using Bei Luo’s ice refinement killer move. Thus, he could easily surpass Sixth Hair’s previous progress, and was only a step away from successfully refining cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Even though Sixth Hair was a split soul and a member of Shadow Sect.


 Back then, Shadow Sect had used soul replacement to place him in Lang Ya blessed land and had not given him a lot of memories regarding cultivation.


 Because once these memories exceeded a limit, it could easily reveal some flaws when cultivating.


 And in Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit was almost all-knowing, able to observe every small change in any part of the blessed land.


 Now that Fang Yuan had become Shadow Sect’s leader and obtained all the inheritances of Shadow Sect, his Gu cultivation foundation had risen explosively.


 This increase could be said to be earthshaking. Even Fang Yuan himself felt a little dazed by it.


 If Fang Yuan’s foundation was like a lake earlier, after getting Shadow Sect’s inheritances, it was like an ocean now.


 Even Lang Ya Sect’s foundation was below Shadow Sect’s. Lang Ya Sect was established extremely long ago, but it was only created by the rank eight Gu Immortal Long Hair Ancestor, while Shadow Sect’s founder was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had massacred countless beings over the world!


 So, when Fang Yuan understood the Gu refinement steps of cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he selected the most suitable refinement method from the large amounts of inheritances in his mind — Bei Luo Ice Refinement Method.


 “Good. The Immortal Gu embryo has already mostly formed, success is very close!”


 As time passed, Sixth Hair became increasingly excited.


 His gaze moved to Fang Yuan once again.


 “This man...” Sixth Hair’s eyes flickered with a complex gaze.


 “He has a solid foundation in refinement path, and also ample talent in it. More importantly, the ice refinement method seems to suit him greatly!” Sixth Hair thought to himself.


 There were thousands upon thousands of refinement path methods; fire refinement, ice refinement, group refinement, time refinement, and so on. Some people were suited for fire refinement methods, while some were innately suited for water refinement methods.


 Fang Yuan also discovered that the ice refinement method suited him very well.


 “Looks like I should practice ice refinement method in my spare time. It seems to suit my personality even more than blood refinement.”


 While thinking, Fang Yuan mobilized his Gu worms, preparing for an immortal killer move.


 There was already a huge number of myriad self clones in his immortal aperture.


 While he was refining Gu, these clones were helping him set up the killer move.


 When this immortal killer move was activated, Fang Yuan immediately felt warmth spreading throughout his whole body, resisting the bone-chilling coldness coming from the outside.


 The intense coldness continually spread from the iceberg. This was a disadvantage of the ice refinement method, Gu Immortals had to refine Gu while resisting the coldness.


 If myriad self had not been upgraded, it would be quite difficult for Fang Yuan to deal with many aspects.


 But with the new myriad self, he was able to easily pass this difficulty.


 Just as Fang Yuan was continuing to refine Gu, far away in Central Continent, Feng Jin Huang had climbed to a mountain peak.


 It was dawn and there was still some darkness in the sky with a few scattered stars.


 Feng Jin Huang breathed out as she gazed far away, but her face was filled with worry.


 Being raised under the protection of Gu Immortal parents, the previous her did not know the taste of sorrow. Now, however, she had tasted setbacks and experienced the difficulties of life.


 Especially in recent times, as Zhao Lian Yun succeeded in her immortal ascension.


 This greatly increased the Anti-Feng faction’s reputation in Spirit Affinity House, and with Feng Jiu Ge far away in Western Desert, Fairy Bai Qing was unable to deal with this alone, allowing Xu Hao’s group to gain a lot of support.


 From these events, Feng Jin Huang experienced difficulties and bitterness which she had not felt before. In her eyes, the sect had completely transformed.


 “Sigh!” She sat down on a rock and sighed.


 She started thinking of Zhao Lian Yun.


 This girl came from behind and robbed Feng Jin Huang of her goal — the position of Spirit Affinity House’s fairy. Now, she had succeeded in her immortal ascension, and was now different from mortals.


 The scene of Zhao Lian Yun begging her was still clear in her mind.


 “Zhao Lian Yun is an otherworldly demon, Fang Yuan is also an otherworldly demon. Why am I always losing to otherworldly demons?” Feng Jin Huang’s thoughts were wandering, that unforgettable scene emerging from the depths of her mind.


 It was at the peak of Dang Hun Mountain, when she first saw Fang Yuan...


 Feng Jin Huang’s face immediately flushed, she quickly shook her head and suppressed these scenes and memories.


 “What use is there in thinking about this?”


 “Feng Jin Huang, Feng Jin Huang, you need to keep on working harder! You need to put in more effort, become a Gu Immortal, and help father and mother.”


 Feng Jin Huang collected her thoughts and began to summarize her most recent dream realm experience.


 That was the dream realm of the refinement path great expert Bei Luo.


 “After passing this dream realm, my refinement path has already broken through to great grandmaster. Senior Bei Luo was most proficient in ice refinement, let’s give it a try.”


 Feng Jin Huang spread her arms, her ten fingers twitched rhythmically and quickly, creating multiple layers of blurred images.


 A gust of cold air immediately swirled around her hand, becoming more vigorous.


 Feng Jin Huang was a refinement path great grandmaster, with such an outstanding attainment level, a Gu worm soon appeared out of the cold air.


 This was an ice path rank three mortal Gu, it flew to Feng Jin Huang’s shoulder and sat there motionlessly.


 Following it, a second and third Gu worm flew out.


 Moreover, their ranks were gradually climbing from rank three to rank four and five.


 Feng Jin Huang’s expression revealed joy, her eyes were gradually brightening and her finger movements became even faster.


 But at the next moment, the cold air suddenly exploded, the Gu refinement failed and Feng Jin Huang suffered a backlash!


 “Damn it!” Feng Jin Huang’s heart sank and her face paled. She subconsciously closed her eyes and gritted her teeth to endure the incoming pain.


 But nothing happened.


 “What’s going on?” Feng Jin Huang slowly opened her eyes.


 She saw a tall man in front of her with one hand stretched before her eyes. That cold air which had exploded was now actually condensed into an ice sphere in his hand.


 The man was truly tall, Feng Jin Huang’s head only reached above his knees.


 His long hair fluttered in the wind, his posture was grand and powerful, his gaze contained wisdom and the vicissitudes of life. What attracted Feng Jin Huang’s attention was the pair of coral-like dragon horns on his forehead.


 “Senior, you are? Thank you for saving me.” Feng Jin Huang quickly bowed.


 The tall man smiled: “There are countless refinement path methods, ice refinement, however, does not suit you, Feng Jin Huang. Your nature is active and bright, so you are more suited for metal refinement and fire refinement. As for ice refinement, those who are proficient in it usually have a patient and persistent nature.”


 The tall man then lightly clenched his fist, destroying the ice sphere in his palm.


 Feng Jin Huang clicked her tongue in surprise, she was deeply aware of the might of this cold air, it was enough to severely injure an ordinary rank five Gu Master.


 Her eyes suddenly brightened: “Senior, you are a Gu Immortal? You know my parents?”


 Feng Jin Huang had come in contact with many Gu Immortals, so she did not feel uncomfortable. Normally speaking, those Gu Immortals were quite pleasant to her, mostly because they admired Feng Jiu Ge’s great reputation.


 Sure enough, the tall man nodded his head: “I know your parents, but right now, I came specially for you.”


 “For me?” Feng Jin Huang was surprised.


 “Indeed.” The tall man continued: “Oh Feng Jin Huang, in the future you will become Great Dream Immortal Venerable, you are destined to join Heavenly Court and lead this era, stunning the world and standing proudly at the peak of Gu Immortals! I am Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Duke Long, I came here to take you in as my disciple, to lead you to the grand throne of a rank nine venerable.”


 “What?!” Feng Jin Huang’s mouth opened wide as she looked at the tall man in a daze.


 Duke Long smiled at Feng Jin Huang, his expression was peaceful and amiable.


 Feng Jin Huang, however, had a look of ‘I think this guy is a scammer’ towards this legendary character who had defeated Spectral Soul.


 She did not recognize Duke Long.


 Duke Long’s appearance was familiar to the Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects, but Feng Jin Huang was a mortal, and had no access to this knowledge.


 Immortals and mortals were in two different worlds.


 “Uncle, do you know that since ancient times, there were only ten people who became Gu Venerables. I know the prophecy regarding Great Dream Immortal Venerable, but how can I possibly be that Great Dream Immortal Venerable?” Feng Jin Huang asked.


 “Don’t doubt yourself.” Duke Long smiled: “You are the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable. When you were young, a dream path Immortal Gu chose you, this was the sign! Your life should have been smooth sailing with dazzling achievements. Regretfully, some obstacles appeared.”


 “Those otherworldly demons who are not bound by fate, they stole your fortuitous encounters.”


 “Like Hu Immortal blessed land, and also the position of the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House.”


 “But none of these are important.”


 “Fate Immortal Gu will be completely restored in ten years. You will definitely become Great Dream Immortal Venerable, because this is all predestined by fate!”


 Duke Long’s expression was serious as he said this, his gaze was extremely firm like he was telling an absolute truth.


 Nothing in this world could shake or change this truth.


 Feng Jin Huang was also affected by his words, she was stumped for a moment, unable to say anything.



***
Chapter 1441 - Snow Lotus Essence


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Pieces of ice fell to the ground.


 “Cough, cough.” Fang Yuan pressed on his chest as he coughed out blood clots from his heart and lungs.


 These blood clots had solidified into small pieces, letting out intense coldness.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was unusual, his face looked purple, he had suffered a huge injury.


 The Gu refinement had failed, the giant iceberg exploded, and Fang Yuan had to forcibly endure the backlash.


 Immortal Gu Man as Before!


 Fang Yuan immediately activated his Immortal Gu, restoring himself to his previous state.


 The purple tint on his face disappeared, and his injuries were almost all gone. But there was still large amounts of frost energy solidifying inside his body, making him feel uncomfortable.


 The frost energy was not a result of the Gu refinement failure, but had accumulated in Fang Yuan’s body throughout the refinement process.


 Because the time duration was long, Man as Before was not able to produce perfect results.


 “Speaking of which, I have mainly been relying on Man as Before as my healing method. This rank six Immortal Gu is extremely useful, and is the core to many killer moves in the Shadow Sect inheritances.”


 “Given some time, after I train and get proficient in these killer moves, my healing ability will definitely rise sharply!”


 Fang Yuan started pondering when suddenly a flash of inspiration hit him.


 “Wait. Since there is Man as Before, why is there no Gu as Before?”


 A Gu worm to heal Gu worms!


 This was possible.


 “If there is an Immortal Gu like Gu as Before, can’t I use it as the core to design an immortal killer move to help me refine Gu?”


 “If there is truly such a killer move, then I could have used it just before to immediately recover the damage and return back to the final step of the Gu refinement.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he began to inspect the storage of Shadow Sect inheritances in his mind.


 The true inheritance contents of Shadow Sect was as vast as a sea. After Fang Yuan looked through them, he found that this idea had already been envisioned by predecessors.


 And there were many who thought of this.


 Most of them were refinement path Gu Immortals, and there were also those of time path.


 There were many inheritances where predecessors had recorded their thoughts and results regarding Gu as Before.


 However, they were all incomplete Immortal Gu recipes, and not one was deduced completely.


 It was very difficult to realize this concept.


 As far as most Gu Immortals were concerned, Man as Before had a limited range of use. Rank six Man as Before had a very weak effect on rank seven Gu Immortals, and often the activation would fail. Rank seven Man as Before also did not have outstanding effects on most rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Unless the target was a time path Gu Immortal with a lot of time path dao marks, then they would not conflict with Man as Before, and also be able to amplify its ability.


 Since Man as Before was like this, Gu as Before was even more troubling.


 To Gu Immortals, using Gu as Before to restore mortal Gu had small significance because Gu Immortals did not lack mortal Gu. The matter of mortal Gu was only a problem of quantity for them.


 Naturally, lifespan Gu was an exception.


 But using Gu as Before to restore Immortal Gu was even more difficult than restoring Gu Immortals. Because every Immortal Gu was a fragment of the Great Dao in their respective paths.


 There was a strong conflict between Immortal Gu of different paths.


 Immortal Gu could coordinate with each other, but using their effect on another Immortal Gu was a completely different concept.


 Unless they had dominance in rank. For instance, using rank seven Gu as Before to restore rank six Gu had some likelihood. But using it on rank seven would definitely fail.


 The concept of Gu as Before was extremely enticing, but it was too difficult to create in reality.


 There were many Gu Immortals who had such inspirations, and there was not a lack of refinement path and time path great grandmasters among them. Unfortunately, none of their efforts succeeded.


 Gu as Before was not a viable concept, but Fang Yuan had other ways around it.


 For instance, some refinement path immortal formations.


 These immortal formations had short-term effects of backtracking through time. Gu Immortals could activate these immortal formations to restore any mistakes.


 In Shadow Sect’s inheritances, there were over ten such immortal Gu formations.


 But each of them had some disadvantages – some had enormous demand on immortal essence, some had limited numbers of times they could backtrack through time, and some were only limited to refining rank six Immortal Gu.


 Among these immortal Gu formations, the greatest one was Immortal Gu House Regret Pool.


 One of the three legendary pools of the world.


 “Unfortunately, be it Regret Pool or those immortal Gu formations, I only have the inheritances but lack the suitable Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan sighed, feeling troubled at having the knowledge but not having materials to put it to use.


 Actually, in his current situation, there were too many options laid in front of him!


 When ordinary people came across immortal opportunities and inherited some predecessor’s inheritance, they would jump in joy, their cultivation journey would also brighten up and their prospects would widen.


 Fang Yuan’s Shadow Sect inheritances were gathered by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in his life, and even continued for one hundred thousand years after his death.


 It could be said Fang Yuan had obtained a sea of inheritances. He had countless choices in his cultivation journey.


 And among these choices, the most attractive were soul path, time path, earth path and space path. Because they were inheritances of venerables, even a small portion could create chaos and cause Gu Immortals over the five regions to engage in mortal combat.


 With these in his hands, needless to say, Fang Yuan’s future prospects were limitless.


 But the things that could truly provide the greatest help to Fang Yuan were not these new choices.


 Because although these choices had immense prospects and were extremely tempting, the amount of time, energy and resources they consumed were astronomical.


 The one thing that could greatly help Fang Yuan currently was wisdom Gu.


 The light of wisdom could provide an incomparable help to cultivation. Fang Yuan had already tasted the benefits of this, and had an extremely deep impression of it.


 And to obtain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement once again, he had to use his original rank six strength path immortal zombie body.


 Fang Yuan already had the method to get rid of the soul path trap in the immortal zombie body, he was only lacking the core Immortal Gu, Cleanse Soul.


 It all simmered down to refining cleanse soul Immortal Gu!


 Regretfully, they had already tried to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu over ten times, but all the attempts failed.


 “Although the ice refinement method suits me really well, I have not focused on ice path before, moreover these final few steps are truly difficult.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 “That’s true.” Sixth Hair went up to Fang Yuan’s side and sighed as he looked at the ground filled with ice pieces.


 The success rate of refining an Immortal Gu was too low, it was a pit with no end in sight.


 Only the current Fang Yuan had such accumulation and resolution to continue the attempts to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Currently, Fang Yuan had one big concern, whether someone had already refined cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu were unique. If that was the case, he would not be able to succeed in the refinement no matter what.


 However, this could be investigated to some degree.


 If the Immortal Gu refinement had no mistakes during the whole process, but failed inexplicably at the moment of success, it would imply someone had already refined cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 But cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s recipe was a secret, and the range of its circulation was quite small, adding on that it had not been long since it had been destroyed, Fang Yuan’s chances were still high.


 “Hmm... maybe we can modify the last few steps. We can use snow lotus essence to replace those ice path immortal materials.” Sixth Hair said.


 “Modifying the Immortal Gu recipe?” Fang Yuan mumbled, slightly nodding his head.


 The final few steps were truly too difficult. After replacing the immortal materials, these few steps could be broken down, although it would lengthen the procedures and time of the entire refinement process, the difficulty would decrease by a lot.


 “Then let’s try modifying the Immortal Gu recipe.” Fang Yuan considered for a moment before deciding.


 Modifying an Immortal Gu recipe could not be done casually, and required continuous attempts, it contained huge risks and would waste many resources.


 “But snow lotus essence, this rank seven immortal material, is quite difficult to obtain, and is rarely seen in treasure yellow heaven.” Fang Yuan was slightly worried.


 Sixth Hair smiled: “That’s of no concern, snowman tribes produce a lot of this immortal material. Don’t forget that we have already joined Northern Plains’ variant human alliance. I have asked around and found that the snowman tribe below the northern icy plain has plenty of snow lotus essence.”


 “Let’s purchase them then.” Fang Yuan put his mind at ease.


 Although he had few immortal essence stones currently, he had countless Shadow Sect inheritances, just taking out some of these could lead to terrifying chaos and carnage.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was simply not worried that the snowman tribe would be unmoved!


 “I must obtain the snow lotus essence!” A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He had to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu as fast as possible, for this, Fang Yuan would not hesitate to pay any cost.



***
Chapter 1442 - Duke Long’s Disciple


***





 



 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Over a month later.


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House’s headquarters.


 A daoist temple was floating on the clouds.


 Immortal Gu aura permeated all around it, this daoist temple was Spirit Affinity House’s time path Immortal Gu House — Sun and Moon Temple.


 The archway, the main hall and the side halls were all integrated into one. This daoist temple was one of the foundations of Spirit Affinity House, its biggest effect was to facilitate in cultivation of Gu Immortals.


 In normal times, Sun and Moon Temple would be in the control of Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elders, they would take turns in using it to help in their cultivation.


 But right now, Sun and Moon Temple was taken out and placed in the air. Moreover, it was activated, every corner and tile of the daoist temple was alternating between emitting the light of the sun and moon.


 The beautiful light shone on the surrounding clouds, making them look auspicious, and creating a scene of an immortal sanctuary.


 In the main hall of the daoist temple, Gu Immortals had already gathered.


 Almost all the Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elders were present, along with Feng Jiu Ge, Fairy Bai Qing, Xu Hao, Li Jun Ying, and the recently turned Gu Immortal – the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, Zhao Lian Yun.


 But currently, the main character was not any of them, but Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang was dressed in neat and sharp white clothing, while her expression was solemn.


 She was kneeling on the ground, kowtowing to Duke Long who was on the main seat.


 This was the ceremony of Feng Jin Huang becoming the disciple of Duke Long!


 Normally speaking, Feng Jin Huang, who was already in a sect, could not easily acknowledge another Gu Immortal as her master.


 But who was Duke Long?


 Everyone in Spirit Affinity House complied with this, they were jubilant. Several supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House had even discussed to make this ceremony of the highest standard, and also publicize this widely to raise the sect’s prestige.


 However, this suggestion was refused by Duke Long.


 Duke Long had notified them: Everything should be kept simple, they should not publicize it, but the standards should be kept high.


 The first supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House personally took charge, she devoted all her effort to consult ancient texts and spent painstaking care to follow the master-disciple acknowledgement ceremony that was popular in Duke Long’s era.


 Duke Long did not show anything on the surface, but was inwardly quite satisfied with this grand ceremony.


 Especially when his gaze landed on Feng Jin Huang, his eyes revealed even more joy.


 After the kowtowing ceremony was finished, Feng Jin Huang stood up and took out a cup of tea, offering it to Duke Long with both hands.


 In the silent hall, Feng Jin Huang spoke in a clear voice: “Lord Duke Long, please accept my golden jade dew tea.”


 Duke Long took the teacup and lifted the lid.


 Instantly, the tea let out a gorgeous and gentle golden light, shining upon the ceiling, creating a magnificent scene.


 Duke Long slowly closed his eyes and brought the teacup to his nose, taking a light sniff.


 The fragrance was subtle and extremely clear like the smell of dew on the grass in the morning of spring, pure and without blemish, and also gave off a smell of brightness and liveliness.


 “This tea is good.” Duke Long smiled, slowly opening his eyes as he took a sip.


 The tea entered his throat, and it indeed was not ordinary. Even Duke Long had rarely come across such an excellent tea in his life.


 “Feng Jin Huang, you are a refinement path great grandmaster, your tea brewing is naturally extraordinary. Good, from now onwards, you shall be my second disciple.”


 The great hall immediately started buzzing with his words.


 Every Gu Immortal was smiling happily, even Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying were no exception.


 “Play the immortal music.” Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder said softly; the next moment, clear and wonderful immortal music started playing without lacking solemness and grandness.


 “Disciple pays respect to master!” Feng Jin Huang kowtowed once again, this time she addressed Duke Long as ‘master’, and herself as ‘disciple’.


 This grand master-disciple acknowledgment ceremony had finally finished after over two hours.


 The significance of this grand ceremony was extremely huge.


 Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elders were red with excitement.


 This was the leader of Heavenly Court, Lord Duke Long, he had personally taken in a disciple!


 The whole of Spirit Affinity House felt honored.


 As Feng Jin Huang’s mother, tears fell out of Fairy Bai Qing’s eyes in excitement.


 Feng Jiu Ge stood by her and lightly held her hand, he was also extremely gratified.


 “Tomorrow, Feng Jin Huang will return to Heavenly Court with me and cultivate there.”


 “Feng Jiu Ge and Bai Qing, remain behind, others can leave now.”


 Duke Long waved for the others to leave, only Feng Jin Huang and her parents still remained.


 “Feng Jiu Ge (Bai Qing) pays respects to Lord Duke Long.” The two bowed respectfully.


 Duke Long slightly nodded, taking a glance at Fairy Bai Qing before looking at Feng Jiu Ge.


 “The task of killing Fang Yuan failed?” Duke Long said with an indifferent tone.


 Feng Jiu Ge: “I am ashamed.”


 A few months back, Feng Jiu Ge and the others had been guarding that tributary of the River of Time in Western Desert, but where could they see Fang Yuan?


 As time passed, Fairy Zi Wei also felt something wrong, and because of Feng Jin Huang’s master acknowledgement ceremony, Feng Jiu Ge was called back to Central Continent. But the other two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals still remained back in Western Desert, and had even began setting up an Immortal Gu formation.


 Duke Long continued: “Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, and also the only complete otherworldly demon, he is the worst enemy of Heavenly Court, and also the target that you, Feng Jiu Ge, must eliminate.”


 “I have only taken in two disciples my whole life, you should be clear of the significance. Feng Jin Huang is the prospective Great Dream Immortal Venerable, and you, Feng Jiu Ge, are her Dao Guardian.”


 “What? I am Huang Er’s Dao Guardian?” Feng Jiu Ge was surprised.


 “This is a heavenly secret, it should not have been revealed. But this has already been learned by Shadow Sect, so it doesn’t matter now. The great era is coming, Great Dream Immortal Venerable will be born, and heaven and earth shall experience an unprecedented transformation! Fang Yuan is the obstacle blocking the path of Heavenly Court, and is also the inevitable enemy of you two, father and daughter. You need to shoulder this heavy task that fate has assigned to you, lead all living beings to a brand new era.”


 Saying this, Duke Long paused to give the three time to digest it.


 Feng Jin Huang’s family calmed down only after a while.


 Duke Long then said to Feng Jin Huang: “Huang Er, my disciple, you will follow me and accept my guidance. You are going to be separated from your parents in some time, you can spend some time together now, tomorrow, at dawn, I will come to take you to Heavenly Court.”


 Duke Long instructed, his figure quietly disappearing from the main seat.


 “Huang Er, to think that you are the chosen one. You must cultivate hard in Heavenly Court. You bear the task of the new era, the well-being of the people in this world will depend on your decisions in the future.” Fairy Bai Qing’s eyes reddened, slightly reluctant to separate.


 “Mother, I still cannot believe it. This is just like a dream.” Feng Jin Huang threw herself into Fairy Bai Qing’s arms.


 “When I heard that Lord Duke Long wanted to take you as his disciple, I had already predicted some matters about you. It is just that I did not expect your father to be your Dao Guardian.” Fairy Bai Qing was filled with emotions.


 “Father, mother, what is a Dao Guardian?” Feng Jin Huang asked curiously.


 Feng Jiu Ge explained: “In an Immortal Venerable’s or Demon Venerable’s cultivation journey, they would always have a Dao Guardian. Every Dao Guardian plays an important role in the development of the venerable.”


 “Oh.” Feng Jin Huang then asked again: “Master said that he has two disciples. I am the second, that means there is a first disciple? Who is it?”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s and Fairy Bai Qing’s expressions changed slightly.


 The two quickly glanced at each other.


 Fairy Bai Qing instructed Feng Jin Huang in a heavy tone: “Huang Er, this is a taboo, when you arrive in Heavenly Court, never mention it. Especially in front of your master.”


 “Why?” Feng Jin Huang became even more curious.


 At this time, Feng Jiu Ge gave the answer: “Because Duke Long’s first disciple, your senior brother, was the most mysterious Red Lotus Demon Venerable in history!”



***
Chapter 1443 - Cleanse Soul Refined!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This is the snow lotus essence?” Fang Yuan looked at the immortal material in his hand and murmured in admiration.


 Snow lotus essence was extremely exquisite, it was only the size of an adult fist, its pink petals, bright red stamens, and the whole flower surface, was covered in a layer of ice as thick as a fingernail.


 This ice layer was pure and transparent, radiating bursts of coldness. This coldness was not a chilling cold, but was more like the coldness of spring, despite being cold, it contained vigorous vitality.


 It was the first time for Fang Yuan to come across and see this rank seven immortal material. Because it was so rare that even in treasure yellow heaven, it was a scarce item.


 The reason for this was that this immortal material only grew in large scale snowman tribes. And the current five regions were ruled by humans, while the various variant human tribes were forced to live in some corners of the world.


 Fang Yuan was able to easily obtain this immortal material, mainly due to the variant human alliance.


 Not only did Fang Yuan obtain snow lotus essence, it was moreover a huge amount.


 “I am really surprised, I did not think the snowman tribe would have amassed so much snow lotus essence.” Sixth Hair said from the side.


 “Snow lotus essence is very rare even in treasure yellow heaven, it will definitely cause a bidding war if it is put up for sale. Unfortunately, strength decides the rules in this world. The snowman tribe is worried about the risks of exposing themselves, so they only sell small amounts of immortal materials like snow lotus essence every once in a while.” Fang Yuan said with a gaze that was clear of the underlying reasons.


 “It is indeed the case.” Sixth Hair nodded: “Actually, our Lang Ya Sect also has such resources which are rare in the human Gu Immortal world, but we also cannot casually bring them out, for fear that we would leave behind clues and lead to an invasion by human Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly.


 He saw a business opportunity.


 Maybe later on, he could be a middleman for the transactions, after all, he was a human.


 He really needed these profits.


 With the frequent Gu refinement attempts recently, Fang Yuan had already paid an enormous price. Although most of the cost was paid using all kinds of inheritance contents, be it him or other Gu Immortals of Shadow Sect, they would need more resources to continue cultivating and managing their immortal apertures.


 Fang Yuan looked at Sixth Hair as he shook his head.


 He knew Sixth Hair’s words had deep meaning. Since he raised this issue, he not only reminded Fang Yuan, but also used an implicit way to offer himself to take on the assignment. If Fang Yuan had plans on doing something in this area, then Sixth Hair could mediate between the two sides, and help Fang Yuan fight for benefits.


 But this was not important now.


 “Right now, what I want is to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu as soon as possible. Since we have obtained snow lotus essence, then we shall start on modifying the Immortal Gu recipe next. We will first separately modify the recipe, then combine them later to overcome the shortcomings on both sides, and finally obtain the most optimal Gu recipe.” Fang Yuan instructed Sixth Hair.


 Sixth Hair did not forget to put on an act to deceive Lang Ya land spirit: “How many sect contribution points will you give me then?”


 After a round of haggling, Sixth Hair obtained a satisfactory price, while Fang Yuan left the Gu refinement hall and returned to his cloud city.


 He had personally examined the snow lotus essence, and just like the type that Sixth Hair had recommended, these were superior immortal materials.


 The flowers were ice-cold, but they contained warm life force within, they would be an extremely good replacement for that flowing fire core in the original Gu recipe.


 The main reason was that Fang Yuan was using the ice refinement method. Snow lotus essence naturally suited the ice refinement method more than flowing fire core.


 An Immortal Gu could have a lot of different Immortal Gu recipes. There was not just one way to reach the same goal.


 And when an Immortal Gu recipe was given to an expert refinement path Gu Immortal, they first distinguished which Gu refinement method was closer to the Immortal Gu recipe and had a higher probability of success.


 Then in the Gu refinement process, the Gu Immortal might discover that some procedures in the Immortal Gu recipe did not suit them, or maybe they found better replacements for immortal materials.


 Like this, they could further increase the success rate.


 Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair were currently doing this.


 However, the task of modifying the Immortal Gu recipe was mainly given to Sixth Hair. After all, Sixth Hair’s refinement path attainment was higher than Fang Yuan’s.


 What Fang Yuan was exceptional in was his wisdom path attainment level and his wisdom path methods.


 The only pity was that both Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had ordinary attainment in soul path.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan began cultivating while modifying the Immortal Gu recipe of Cleanse Soul.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley.


 He was once again using these two great secluded domains of heaven and earth to cultivate soul path.


 His soul path cultivation progressed by leaps and bounds, even Fang Yuan felt it was somewhat inconceivable.


 “Truly the sacred lands of soul path, of course the main reasons are these cultivation methods. These are from Spectral Soul’s true inheritance!” Fang Yuan was quite moved.


 Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had also cultivated in these two secluded domains of heaven and earth. He had summed up and formulated a complete set of comprehensive, complementary, and orderly cultivation methods.


 Fang Yuan was just following it word-by-word.


 Previously, he had used burning soul bursting luck once in Western Desert, and it had been enough to deplete his soul path foundation entirely.


 But after just a few days, he had almost restored his foundation with terrifying efficiency!


 “This is still considering that I lack the crucial Immortal Gu and cannot use many immortal killer moves, only able to use these mortal methods. Fortunately, my sovereign immortal body has no conflict in dao marks, so mortal methods are also effective.”


 Fang Yuan was cultivating soul path, raising his soul foundation once again.


 The main reason was naturally to refine cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Burning soul bursting luck could immediately cause his luck to increase sharply, and this had a mystical effect when refining Immortal Gu.


 As to making Ying Wu Xie use burning soul bursting luck, it was not that it was not effective, but there were too many who were luck connected, only a part of the luck would be effective on Fang Yuan. It was far better for Fang Yuan to use burning soul bursting luck himself, and then fix his luck.


 There was also another reason, Ying Wu Xie could use lead soul into dream, if his soul path foundation was too low, this killer move’s power would be limited.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was definitely going to master this killer move later on.


 However, now that he was in Lang Ya blessed land, there was no hurry.


 Time went by quickly, over half a month had passed in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had collated their gains and created a modified Immortal Gu recipe.


 There was nothing to talk about, next was to continue the Gu refinement.


 First attempt, failure.


 Second attempt, failure.


 Third attempt, failure.


 Large amounts of immortal materials were wasted, however they were not in vain, after the failures, Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair adjusted the Immortal Gu recipe and perfected it to the limit of their abilities.


 During the fourth attempt, Fang Yuan activated burning soul bursting luck, causing his luck to increase greatly.


 This time, he refined to the final juncture, but regretfully, still failed.


 Fifth attempt, failure.


 Sixth attempt, another failure.


 Seventh, eighth, ninth...


 Fang Yuan continued to attempt it, persevering without giving up.


 After every failure, he would bitterly practise his refinement path skills, and at the same time, enter the two sacred lands of soul path and use the cultivation methods in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance to quickly increase his soul path foundation.


 When his soul foundation was of standard, Fang Yuan used burning soul bursting luck once again, and continued attempting the Gu refinement.


 Thirteenth attempt, failure.


 Fourteenth attempt, failure.


 Fifteenth...


 Success!


 Success came unexpectedly and somewhat suddenly. Fang Yuan held cleanse soul Immortal Gu in his hand.


 He succeeded at the fifteenth attempt, adding on Sixth Hair’s previous failures, the refinement had been attempted close to thirty times in total!


 The resources spent were in an incomparably enormous amount, just to refine one rank six Immortal Gu.


 If it were an ordinary Gu Immortal, they would have gone bankrupt long ago.


 Even the past Fang Yuan with his sovereign immortal aperture would not be able to bear such a price.


 Having inherited Shadow Sect’s true inheritances and having a buyer that could afford them, Lang Ya Sect, as well as having enough supply of the crucial immortal material, snow lotus essence, and a refinement path Gu Immortal’s committed support, all these reasons finally created Fang Yuan’s success.


 “Cleanse soul Immortal Gu has finally been refined.” Fang Yuan inhaled deeply before sighing.



***
Chapter 1444 - Qing Si’s Dismay


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 It looked like a tadpole but with the size of Fang Yuan’s fist, and was completely grayish white. Right now, it was floating above Fang Yuan’s palm.


 “I finally succeeded, it was not easy.” Fang Yuan inwardly sighed.


 Refining Gu was truly a huge gamble.


 They had attempted close to thirty times before barely succeeding. The resources consumed were already in enormous numbers.


 Fang Yuan was not able to bring out these resources, but he could take out Shadow Sect’s inheritances and exchange them for Lang Ya Sect’s sect contribution points, and use these sect contribution points to exchange for plentiful resources from Lang Ya Sect’s warehouse.


 But these resources did not include the crucial immortal material snow lotus essence.


 The fact in front of them proved this rank seven immortal material was greatly helpful.


 After the Immortal Gu recipe had gone through modifications, it would become much better than before, or more accurately, it would become much more suitable for Fang Yuan’s refinement method.


 The only mild disappointment was that this cleanse soul Immortal Gu was only rank six.


 If it were rank seven cleanse soul Immortal Gu, it could directly be used to set up the immortal killer move which could start breaking the soul path trap in the immortal zombie body.


 Rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu could be used as well, but its effect was much lower, and required at least eight years before it could completely get rid of the soul path trap.


 This was of course without counting those time path methods.


 If time path methods were used to supplement the killer move, Fang Yuan estimated the eight years of time could be reduced to three years.


 Three years was referring to the time in five regions, this was the limit of Fang Yuan’s current ability.


 “Three years is too long!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was deep.


 If it were rank seven cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he would require at most half a year of time, in five region’s time, to resolve the soul path trap in the immortal zombie body.


 However, refining rank seven cleanse soul Immortal Gu was much more difficult than refining rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu. Moreover, rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu had to be used as the main material to refine it.


 After all, Immortal Gu were unique.


 Since rank six Cleanse Soul existed, there could be no rank seven, rank eight or even rank nine cleanse soul Immortal Gu in the world.


 The risk, however, would become much higher.


 When Fang Yuan was refining Cleanse Soul and failed, only some immortal materials were destroyed. But if the refinement of rank seven Cleanse Soul failed, the rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu might be the one destroyed, and everything would have to be started over again.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan could ensure the safety of the immortal materials to some degree with his blood asset Immortal Gu. But it was unknown if he could protect the rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu during the highly risky refinement process.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan would have to research the method first.


 Fang Yuan had attainment level in blood path, but his refinement path attainment was slightly sub-par.


 “Lord sect leader, do we continue refining? Maybe I could change my vital Gu to cleanse soul Immortal Gu.” Sixth Hair transmitted his voice.


 After becoming a vital Gu, cleanse soul Immortal Gu could be refined to advance to rank seven and even if the process failed, it would still continue to exist as long as Sixth Hair did not die, at most it would suffer heavy injuries and be on the verge of dying.


 But Fang Yuan refused: “That’s not appropriate. Not to mention that changing vital Gu is extremely dangerous and could harm you severely, Lang Ya land spirit is not easy to deceive. Our relationship on the surface is not enough for you to make such a sacrifice.”


 “Then how about letting someone else change it to their vital Gu. Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan are both eligible candidates. I suggest Ying Wu Xie.” Sixth Hair suggested.


 This was indeed a good suggestion.


 Bai Ning Bing could be excluded, Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin were not as reliable as Hei Lou Lan and Ying Wu Xie, and could also be excluded. The remaining ones were Ying Wu Xie, who was a split soul of Spectral Soul, and Hei Lou Lan, who was restricted by the alliance agreement and was unable to rebel.


 Comparing the two, Ying Wu Xie was naturally slightly better, after all, he had high soul path attainment. Moreover, when Fang Yuan took his lead soul into dream in the future, cleanse soul Immortal Gu could replenish some of his strength.


 Fang Yuan, however, shook his head.


 He had refined cleanse soul Immortal Gu after so much effort, how could he give it so easily, at most he would only lend it.


 Moreover, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was practical, and when used in soul path cultivation, it could slightly cover up some insufficiencies of Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley.


 Fang Yuan already intended to firmly hold Cleanse Soul himself.


 However, Sixth Hair’s words reminded him of some things.


 “Although I am Shadow Sect’s leader, my control over the sect is rather poor.”


 “Bai Ning Bing is not controlled by me, we can only be considered allies who are using each other. Lady White Rabbit likes me, and because of the true inheritance as well, she is following me. Fairy Miao Yin is also cultivating a Shadow Sect inheritance, and is chased by Southern Border’s righteous path forces, so she can only stand by my side.”


 “Hei Lou Lan is bound by our alliance agreement and is unable to betray me, but she is ambitious, she absolutely won’t be content with the current state. It is just that she has no way to revolt for the moment.”


 “As for Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair, they are Spectral Soul’s split souls, and are always thinking of saving the main body. But this hope is too minuscule, and they are too weak, so they can only depend on me.”


 If Fang Yuan were to listen to Sixth Hair and hand cleanse soul Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie, in the future, if they had a great opportunity to save Spectral Soul’s main body but it did not align with Fang Yuan’s plans, what would they do?


 Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair’s decision absolutely would not incline towards Fang Yuan.


 At that time, Fang Yuan’s action of handing cleanse soul Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie would be a foolish move of supporting the enemy.


 Hence, Fang Yuan said another plan to Sixth Hair.


 “Although it is only a rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu, there are some unique methods in Shadow Sect’s inheritances that can speed its growth. But it requires sacrificing a rank seven Gu Immortal’s soul.”


 Sixth Hair was dazed before tensing up immediately: “Sect leader is thinking of? You should know that you are wanted by both Longevity Heaven and every Huang Jin tribe.”


 “Relax, I have it under control.” Fang Yuan patted Sixth Hair’s shoulder, and slowly walked away.


 ...


 The morning sun passed through the window and shone in the room.


 Murong Qing Si’s mood was great as she sat before a table and hummed a song while playing with the flowers in the pot.


 The flowers were in full bloom, and under the sunlight, the red petals looks tender and joyous.


 Today was a joyous day for Murong Qing Si.


 Because her lover Yun Liang, according to their previous agreement, was going to come to Murong tribe today to formally ask for her hand in marriage!


 Actually, it had not been long since the two were acquainted.


 Murong Qing Si was an immortal from Murong tribe, while Yun Liang was a famous lone cultivator in Northern Plains with the nickname of Cloud Gentleman.


 Although both were famous characters, the two first saw each other at Hei tribe’s Iron Eagle blessed land. They had gotten into a conflict because of immortal material affinity wood.


 Affinity wood was a rootless tree that grew in the air. It was extremely fragile, there could be no disturbance when gathering it, otherwise this highly valuable immortal material would be destroyed.


 When Murong Qing Si had discovered the affinity wood, Cloud Gentleman Yun Liang had already begun collecting it.


 Murong Qing Si did not attack, quietly waiting for him to finish collecting.


 Yun Liang was very elegant, showing willingness to spar with Murong Qing Si, with the winner taking all the affinity wood.


 Destiny was truly a mysterious thing.


 The two were acquainted like this, and in the following days, came across each other many times because of some coincidences.


 As time continued to pass, because of their similar opinions in many things, feelings began to grow between them, and they even pledged to marry each other.


 Unfortunately, their identities were an obstruction to this marriage.


 The woman was a Huang Jin tribe Gu Immortal, while the man was a lone cultivator.


 Their relationship was reported by someone, they became extremely anxious, but soon, the situation turned better unexpectedly.


 After Longevity Heaven knew of this situation, they actually approved of Yun Liang’s and Murong Qing Si’s marriage.


 Because of Heavenly Court’s strength, Longevity Heaven was beginning to make plans to deal with the wave of the incoming great era.


 And to unite even more Gu Immortals of the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, Longevity Heaven was happy to see this marriage happen.


 Yun Liang could be said to be a symbolic figure among lone immortals, the political significance of him marrying into the Huang Jin tribes’ Murong tribe was extremely huge.


 If it succeeded, Longevity Heaven would even encourage this matter in the future.


 Murong Qing Si naturally did not know of these schemes, she only felt surprised and happy, and was even more thankful towards Longevity Heaven, rejoicing at her hard-earned love.


 “Yun Liang is coming to propose marriage today, the immortal materials are prepared and confirmed; I have checked the list of presents and there are no issues. The clan’s supreme elders have received Longevity Heaven’s instructions, and will not obstruct this marriage. As long as the marriage proposal succeeds, I will be getting ready for the marriage a month later. But... why is there an indescribable feeling of unease lingering in my heart?”


 Murong Qing Si’s delicate brows rose slightly, she pressed her palm on her chest as she felt an inexplicable unease.


 “Am I getting insecure because of extreme joy?”


 “Hehehe, there are no issues, what more obstructions can there be?”


 “Maybe, because I am filled with joy and blissfulness, this feels very surreal to me?”


 “Hehehe.”


 Murong Qing Si blushed as she let her thoughts wander.


 She laughed, her face shining from the bright light inside the room.


 However, at the next moment!


 She suddenly stiffened, her face turning deathly pale.


 At this moment, a soul lantern Gu and a life tablet Gu had shattered inside her immortal aperture. These two Gu worms were the tokens that she and Yun Liang had given to each other!


 “Yun Liang, he...”


 “No... no way!”


 “This is not possible!!”


 Crack, Murong Qing Si burst out of the window and flew frantically towards the sky.



***
Chapter 1445 - Culprit Fang Yuan?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Murong Qing Si flew with all her might, her reckless action immediately attracting the attention of other Gu Immortals.


 “What happened?”


 “Looking at Murong Qing Si’s expression, something seems wrong!”


 “Qing Si, wait a moment, why are you so panicked?”


 A tribe Gu Immortal inquired, but Murong Qing Si just kept on flying, her heart was filled with panic and terror as she was desperate to verify the truth.


 “Move, let’s go take a look.”


 “Today is the day that Yun Liang is coming to propose a marriage, but Murong Qing Si is so anxious, unless.....”


 Soon, three Gu Immortal figures flew out from Murong tribe’s headquarters and followed after Murong Qing Si.


 The life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu on Murong Qing Si had already shattered, so she was unable to rely on them to determine Yun Liang’s location, but she knew the route Yun Liang was going to take to come to Murong tribe. Right now, she only needed to check this route.


 After madly flying for few minutes, a ruined battlefield suddenly appeared in Murong Qing Si’s vision.


 Her whole body shook violently as she quickly descended.


 “Yun Liang? Yun Liang!”


 “Where are you?”


 Murong Qing Si called out repeatedly, but only the sound of wind replied her in this battered battlefield.


 “Oh no!”


 “There was a huge battle here.”


 “How could this happen?!”


 The three Murong tribe Gu Immortals who had followed from behind, saw this scene and immediately realized the severity of the situation as they began to search as well.


 The four Gu Immortals turned over the whole battlefield, finally making some discoveries.


 An information path mortal Gu was deeply buried under the ground, and seemed to be a dying message left behind by Yun Liang.


 “Qing Si, you need to mentally prepare yourself.” A Murong tribe Gu Immortal worriedly looked at Murong Qing Si.


 Her condition was clearly not good, and looking at this information path mortal Gu, her mind started shaking as fear filled her heart.


 But finally, she still clasped this mortal Gu with her trembling hands.


 She then transferred her mental sense inside, and the moment she read the contents, she shouted: “Fang Yuan, I won’t forgive you!”


 Her voice was so sad and contained such hatred that it even shook the hearts of the other Murong tribe Gu Immortals.


 Guh.


 At the next moment, Murong Qing Si coughed out a mouthful of blood, and fell down on her back. But the anger and sorrow in her heart were so great that she fainted.


 The other Murong tribe Gu Immortals quickly moved to support her.


 She was not injured, it was just that her heart had suffered a huge trauma.


 They discussed for a moment, and decided that waking her up now would not be good for her.


 The three Gu Immortals then took turns in inspecting the contents of the Gu worm.


 This crucial information path mortal Gu recorded the scene of the final battle of Yun Liang’s life. His opponent was an ancient sword dragon!


 This ancient sword dragon could use immortal killer moves, and also possessed an extremely powerful defensive method that could reflect attacks.


 Its identity was almost certain, the three Gu Immortals immediately thought of a name — Liu Guan Yi!


 But what relation did Liu Guan Yi have with Fang Yuan?


 They continued to read the contents before coming to a realization. Towards the end of the battle, the ancient sword dragon transformed into a human, he was Liu Guan Yi, and he struck Yun Liang with a fatal move.


 Yun Liang cursed: “Liu Guan Yi, we have neither hatred nor grievance between us, but you are going after my life, I won’t let you go even if I turn into a ghost!”


 Liu Guan Yi sneered: “So unfortunate, you won’t even have the opportunity to turn into a ghost. Go die, oh, that’s right, Liu Guan Yi is only my alias, my real name is Fang Yuan!”


 “Fang Yuan...” Yun Liang’s gaze slowly dimmed.


 Fang Yuan sneered: “Heh, being able to know my name before dying is your honor. Because in the future, my name will resound throughout heaven and earth, countless beings shall tremble at my name!”


 Merciless, savage, and domineering aura assaulted the three Murong tribe Gu Immortals.


 “So Liu Guan Yi is actually Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan is Liu Guan Yi, they are both the same person!”


 “Bastard! Liu Guan Yi, no, Fang Yuan, he actually dared to kill Yun Liang, this is a complete disregard for my Murong tribe!!”


 One Gu Immortal clenched his fists, unable to restrain his fury.


 But the other two immortals fell into a strange silence.


 “Why are you not speaking?” The furious Gu Immortal asked.


 Those two Gu Immortals sighed at the same time, one of them said: “Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon who destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he is also Liu Guan Yi who subdued Reverse Flow River and has rank eight battle strength. He offended both Ye Lui tribe and Liu tribe, but look at how they are behaving now.”


 “Although they had issued arrest warrants against Fang Yuan, after the battle of Reverse Flow River, these two tribes ceased all activities and don’t dare to find trouble for Fang Yuan. I am afraid our Murong tribe...”


 The furious Gu Immortal’s eyes opened wide as he shouted: “Afraid of what?! We belong to the grand Huang Jin tribes, descendants of Giant Sun, with so many Gu Immortals, how can we fear a measly otherworldly demon?! We need to take revenge! We need to show them the might of Northern Plains’ righteous path!”


 The other two Gu Immortals could only look at each other bitterly.


 “Even after so many years, Murong Xing Sheng is still the same.” The two secretly conversed.


 “Ignore him, this matter is not so simple. Murong Qing Si’s and Yun Liang’s marriage is not just a matter of our Murong tribe, Longevity Heaven is also paying attention to it. If this is not handled properly, it might raise a huge turbulence! There is more than meets the eye, it is not something that rank six minor characters like us can take part in, if we are not careful, we might get engulfed by this whirlpool and die without a corpse.”


 “You are right, the urgent thing now is to report this situation and this crucial clue to first supreme elder.”


 ...


 Lang Ya blessed land, inside a cloud city.


 Inside a secret room, Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a cushion with his eyes shut tightly.


 Almost all of his attention was on his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu, which had been refined not long ago, was floating in the air. Large amount of mortal Gu as well as several supplementary Immortal Gu were surrounding it.


 All these Gu worms activated, emitting faint white radiance.


 The radiance gathered on an immortal zombie body.


 It was Fang Yuan’s eight armed strength path immortal zombie body!


 The faint white radiance had already covered it for a long time now, but the immortal zombie body showed not even the slightest movement.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious or surprised, because he had still not taken the crucial step.


 He had only been getting familiar with this immortal killer move, and stabilizing the situation.


 After few minutes of time, Fang Yuan inwardly nodded.


 He took out a rank seven Gu Immortal’s soul.


 It was the soul of Ye Lui Qun Xing, a rank seven expert of Ye Lui tribe.


 Maybe it felt the danger of destruction, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul struggled intensely, letting out ear-piercing soul howls.


 But that was it.


 Not to mention the current Fang Yuan who had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, even if it were before, he could easily suppress this measly soul.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing was very powerful when he was alive, but this was just a soul, what could he do?



***
Chapter 1446 - Soul Path Trap Dispelled


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Soon, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul entered the range of the faint white radiance.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul strangely quietened, not moving at all, as if it had suddenly lost its ability to think.


 Then, specks of faint-green light started to fly out of the soul.


 The amount of these lights grew rapidly, and drifted in the air like a drizzle of rain.


 Fang Yuan willed as these specks of light found a direction, they surged towards the strength path immortal zombie body.


 Layers of light covered the immortal zombie body, destroying the soul path dao marks in it.


 As time passed, the soul path dao marks on the immortal zombie began to decrease gradually, while Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul also began to weaken constantly.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was calm as still water, maintaining the killer move stably without any hesitation.


 This killer move needed to be maintained for over three days and three nights before the soul path trap in the immortal zombie body could be completely removed.


 The whole process would spend over twelve hundred beads of red date immortal essence.


 This was the case after using a rank seven Gu Immortal soul and cleanse soul Immortal Gu, with the exact method recorded in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance. If Fang Yuan were to envision it himself with trial and error, the amount of time, effort and resources required would be astronomical.


 Fang Yuan was not worried about lacking immortal essence, he had made ample preparation.


 Time slowly passed like this.


 Three days and three nights passed, Fang Yuan slowly stopped the killer move.


 He calculated for a moment, the amount of red date immortal essence used had passed thirteen hundred, and it was after he used some Immortal Gu to replace several original procedures.


 This huge immortal essence expenditure emptied his immortal essence storage at once.


 But Fang Yuan was instead filled with joy.


 Perceivable dao Immortal Gu!


 He activated this unique information path Immortal Gu, and after inspecting the dao marks, he smiled in satisfaction.


 “It’s finally gone! The soul path trap on the immortal zombie body is completely removed!!”


 It had not been easy.


 It truly had not been easy.


 The issue of the soul path trap had troubled Fang Yuan for a long time. Now, he had finally resolved it.


 For a moment, the joy of success filled Fang Yuan’s heart.


 But...


 After he calmed down, he did not personally test it.


 He was cautious, he chose to use other Gu Immortal souls to inspect the body.


 After several tests, he verified there was indeed no issue.


 Fang Yuan then moved his soul into the immortal zombie body.


 At the next moment, the immortal zombie body opened its eyes and slowly stood up. Fang Yuan gazed at his eight huge arms and stretched his whole body.


 “I can finally use my body again.” Fang Yuan’s feelings were somewhat nostalgic at this moment, as if he had returned home after a long journey.


 Fang Yuan softly rubbed his stomach.


 Only a rank five aperture remained there. The previous rank six strength path dead aperture had already crumbled, and the strength path dao marks had moved into Fang Yuan’s physical body.


 From this perspective, Fang Yuan’s strength path immortal zombie was a genuine rank six strength path immortal material!


 The rank six strength path dead aperture was the aperture Fang Yuan gained after using second aperture Gu, raising it to an immortal aperture.


 The rank five peak stage aperture was his original aperture.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was still firmly sealed inside this aperture.


 The purple crystal walls of the aperture were already filled with cracks. After all, Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Immortal Gu which put huge pressure on the mortal aperture.


 However, Fang Yuan was not worried about the aperture walls shattering under the pressure. He could already deal with it before, and he could do it even better now that he had Shadow Sect’s inheritances.


 Fang Yuan absolutely would not give up Spring Autumn Cicada.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada was filled with heaven’s will currently, Fang Yuan would have to get rid of all the heaven’s will in it to use it.


 Obtaining a pure rank six Spring Autumn Cicada was far from Fang Yuan’s target.


 Fang Yuan’s next plan was to use this foundation to refine rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada!


 “But before refining rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada, I should first advance this body to rank six.”


 Rank six time path Gu Immortal, this had been Fang Yuan’s initial plan.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to give up on this plan.


 After the successful attempt, Fang Yuan’s soul moved out and returned to his sovereign immortal body. As for this immortal zombie body, it was still suppressed in the Gu formation. After all, Spring Autumn Cicada contained heaven’s will, Fang Yuan had to be prepared just in case.


 “Let’s test wisdom Gu!” When he thought of this, Fang Yuan actually felt a trace of impatient eagerness.


 He came out of the secret room and directly flew towards wisdom Gu.


 Ever since Hu Immortal blessed land had been attacked and captured by Heavenly Court, wisdom Gu had been transported to Lang Ya blessed land by hairy man Gu Immortals using some secret method.


 From then on, it had been fed and raised by Lang Ya land spirit and had not been transferred to other places.


 Fang Yuan soon went in front of wisdom Gu, this movement naturally attracted Lang Ya land spirit’s attention.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression was somewhat strange: “Fang Yuan, someone has framed you.”


 “What do you mean?”


 “Hehe, Yun Liang is dead, there was a crucial clue left behind in the battlefield which directly points to you as the killer. Moreover, your Liu Guan Yi identity was also completely exposed. Now, the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, hmm, no, the Gu Immortal world of all five regions, is shaken because of this news.” Lang Ya land spirit laughed.


 Although Fang Yuan needed to use a rank seven Gu Immortal’s soul to get rid of the soul path trap, he already had such souls in his possession. Not only of Ye Lui Qun Xing, he also had souls of Fairy Cui Bo, Liu tribe’s Liu Yong, Ma Hong Yun’s soul, and even the whole living body of Hei Cheng.


 Previously, Sixth Hair had been worried that Fang Yuan wanted to go to Northern Plains to kill a Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan had replied that it was under control.


 He naturally would not take such risks, he already had Gu Immortal souls which could be used for this purpose.


 What Fang Yuan wanted to do was to rest, striving for time while he strengthened himself, he did not want to go fight outside.


 After Fang Yuan inquired about the details, he soon realized: “This is probably Heavenly Court’s doing. Yun Liang is a lone immortal, but Longevity Heaven actually agreed to his and Murong Qing Si’s marriage, and even showed a trace of joy in seeing it happen. This is Longevity Heaven’s preparation to face the coming great era. But how could Heavenly Court allow it? They naturally would try to wreck this plan.”


 “Fang Yuan, your analysis is logical.” Lang Ya land spirit nodded, shortly smiling strangely, “Now, Longevity Heaven is extremely furious, and the newly appointed South Desolation Immortal Yao Huang has even declared he will capture you and bring you to justice. You are currently not only a sworn enemy of Northern Plains’ righteous path, even demonic path and lone immortals are hostile towards you.”


 Fang Yuan grunted in acknowledgement, this was understandable.


 In the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan had offended Northern Plains’ righteous path, as well as Old Ancestor Xue Hu, who represented the demonic path.


 Yun Liang was a symbol of Northern Plains’ lone immortals, and Fang Yuan, who was proclaimed to be his killer, would naturally suffer hostility from this faction.


 “Alright, forget this, make a move quickly, let me see if you can summon the light of wisdom or not?” Lang Ya land spirit urged impatiently.


 “Okay, I am also looking forward to this.” Fang Yuan took a deep breath.


 The probability of success was high, if it succeeded, he would grow at an immense rate!



***
Chapter 1447 - Regaining What He Lost


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the ground and brought out the eight armed immortal zombie body from his immortal aperture.


 Then, under Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze, he moved out his soul and entered this immortal zombie body.


 The immortal zombie body slowly opened its eyes and stood up.


 Fang Yuan took a glance at the sovereign immortal body before turning towards wisdom Gu.


 “Wisdom Gu.” He spoke in his hoarse and unpleasant voice: “Do you still remember our agreement?”


 Wisdom Gu had been playing around, but when it heard these words, it immediately stopped and floated in the air, quietly looking at Fang Yuan.


 Time slowly passed, Fang Yuan could not help but hold his breath.


 Even though the immortal zombie did not need to breathe.


 Wisdom Gu seemed to be unconvinced as it began circling around Fang Yuan.


 It circled again and again while continuously observing Fang Yuan. After a while, it stopped and rested on a huge tree leaf.


 Then...


 A multi-colored light which became increasingly bigger began to gradually spread from wisdom Gu’s body.


 The light of wisdom!


 “Success. I finally succeeded!” Fang Yuan could not hold back his laughter.


 Lang Ya land spirit, who was at the side, was dumbstruck, this was the first time he was seeing this sight.


 “Light of wisdom! This is truly the light of wisdom...” Lang Ya land spirit walked to the light of wisdom, immediately sensing his thoughts becoming extremely sharp.


 For an instant, he became extremely intelligent.


 But he cautiously retreated out of the light of wisdom’s range, then enviously looked at Fang Yuan, who was inside the light.


 “Fang Yuan actually succeeded in summoning the light of wisdom. Amazing, this kid is truly amazing!”


 After the shock, Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan with a complex expression, he was in a daze.


 Although there were two land spirits, they both shared the same memories.


 Lang Ya land spirit still remembered that time several years ago, when Fang Yuan was still only a Gu Master, a trivial mortal who came to Lang Ya blessed land for the first time.


 But in these few years, Fang Yuan had not only become a Gu Immortal, his name was now infamous throughout the five regions, and he had the strength to battle rank eight!


 And now, he could summon the light of wisdom and even use it!!


 His growth had skyrocketed, he had truly burst into the sky.


 If Fang Yuan had not inherited the Shadow Sect inheritances, and only obtained the light of wisdom, he could only be considered a tiger with wings at most. But Fang Yuan possessed Shadow Sect’s inheritances, as such, the help that the light of wisdom could give Fang Yuan reached an unimaginable level.


 Lang Ya land spirit had gone through countless years and had seen all kinds of characters, but now, he could no longer estimate Fang Yuan’s growth.


 There was no way to estimate it.


 He absolutely could not predict Fang Yuan’s following cultivation and progress!


 Any accomplishments Fang Yuan made in the future would be understandable and acceptable now.


 Fang Yuan soon restrained his laughter.


 He calmed down, and spoke to wisdom Gu: “Alright, wisdom Gu, please stop, let me take a break.”


 The light of wisdom slowly shrunk and disappeared.


 Fang Yuan took a deep breath before saying: “Wisdom Gu, let us continue.”


 At the next moment, the light of wisdom spread once again.


 Fang Yuan clenched his fists tightly, he was extremely excited.


 This fact completely proved that the light of wisdom was back once again, from now on, barring any accidents, he could continue using light of wisdom till eternity.


 Fang Yuan then turned around and smiled towards Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, let us exchange inheritances.”


 Lang Ya land spirit inwardly praised: Fang Yuan’s mind is still so clear.


 “Okay.” He agreed, not hesitating even a little.


 If it were the previous Lang Ya land spirit, he might have refused because he only liked refining Gu. But the current Lang Ya land spirit wanted hairy men to rule the world, so he issued ironclad policies, actively promoting talents, and doing everything to turn Lang Ya Sect into a powerful sect.


 And such a sect naturally had to be widely involved in many paths, it would not do to just have refinement path, after all, refinement path’s battle strength was lacking compared to other paths.


 So Lang Ya land spirit was extremely desirous of the many inheritances in Fang Yuan’s possession.


 Especially Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered countless beings, he was the venerable with the deepest killing nature. His soul path true inheritance naturally had absolute power. If Lang Ya Sect obtained it, it would fill the sect’s deficiency.


 Both sides soon completed the exchange.


 Fang Yuan obtained almost all the inheritances of Lang Ya Sect, which included the complete self luck true inheritance and Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path true inheritance.


 And Lang Ya land spirit obtained Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, Limitless’ true inheritance, Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, as well as countless other true inheritances.


 The inheritances that Shadow Sect bothered to collect were naturally beyond outstanding.


 Thus, based on value, Fang Yuan had paid more than Lang Ya Sect.


 To make up for this discrepancy, Lang Ya land spirit handed Luo Po Valley to Fang Yuan once again.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was a public enemy of the whole world, adding on his previous acts, Lang Ya land spirit’s trust in him increased by a lot.


 “Fang Yuan is one of us, anyway, my sect’s members can still use Luo Po Valley even if I give it to him.” This was Lang Ya land spirit’s secret calculation.


 And to Fang Yuan, he had already obtained a portion of the essence of self luck true inheritance – one of the three great true inheritances of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Now, he had obtained its complete essence.


 Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path true inheritance mostly talked of the hairy man heaven and earth style refinement path method, which was not very helpful to Fang Yuan directly.


 In this transaction, both sides bought and sold inheritances, it did not involve any Immortal Gu.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan really wanted to take some Immortal Gu in Lang Ya Sect. For instance, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Unfortunately, Lang Ya land spirit was strict about not selling these Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not leave immediately, instead he continued bathing in the light of wisdom and began thinking of all sorts of issues.


 Lang Ya land spirit left in sadness at this sight.


 Obtaining the help of the light of wisdom once again, Fang Yuan was no longer the same as before.


 All kinds of wisdom path methods activated in coordination, causing his thoughts to collide endlessly. The immortal killer move which used affection Immortal Gu and self love Immortal Gu allowed Fang Yuan to possess immortal level self will Gu, giving him an endless supply of wills.


 In this way, the light of wisdom could unleash its mystical effects to its limit, and soon, Fang Yuan obtained a satisfying answer.


 Immortal killer move — Ghost Official Garment!


 This was a set of immortal killer move in Spectral Soul true inheritance, its effect was to defend against heaven’s will and other Gu Immortals’ deductions.


 It was a defensive killer move.


 It was classified into four levels, corresponding to rank six, rank seven, rank eight and rank nine.


 With the original foundation, Fang Yuan modified this immortal killer move so that even without the core Immortal Gu, he could use other Immortal Gu as the replacement!



***
Chapter 1448 - Ghost Official Garment


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The modified immortal killer move, ghost official garment, used rank seven change soul Immortal Gu and rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu as the cores. After several failures, Fang Yuan succeeded in activating it.


 He directly moved out his soul from his sovereign immortal body.


 His soul floated in the air, it was not very condensed.


 His soul foundation had been expended several times because of burning soul bursting luck, and was now only at hundred man soul level.


 The difference was that his soul was now covered in a broad garment, with long sleeves and a lower hem that was dragging on the ground.


 This was the manifestation of the killer move ghost official garment.


 Its general term was ghost official garment, but if it was subdivided, rank six level ghost official garment was called ghost soldier garment, rank seven was ghost general garment, rank eight was ghost king garment, and rank nine was ghost venerable garment.


 At rank nine level, it could defend against rank nine venerable’s deductions. Naturally, this was only in theory, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not raised this killer move to rank nine in the past.


 Because he did not need to.


 He was a grand Demon Venerable when alive, slaughtering countless beings, he simply did not need to defend against deductions.


 As such, the highest level of his ghost official garment was only rank eight.


 Fang Yuan’s soul inspected it and was puzzled: “Huh? Why is it only rank six ghost soldier garment?”


 After he modified the killer move, the core was replaced by rank seven Change Soul and rank six Cleanse Soul, that meant this was a rank seven killer move, why was it ghost soldier garment instead of ghost general garment?


 “Is it because of my modification?” This guess had just appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind before he denied it.


 He had used the light of wisdom to modify it, how could it be wrong?


 “Oh, I understand.” Fang Yuan thought for a moment before he realized.


 The answer was in his body.


 Beneath ghost official garment was another layer of clothing.


 If ghost soldier garment was said to be made of hemp and was a shoddy product, then this inner garment was like silk, it was extremely compact, giving an exquisite and smooth feeling.


 This clothing of dao marks was the rank nine immortal killer move ghostly concealment, just based on their ranks, ghost soldier garment could never compare to it.


 “The original ghost official garment was meant to directly attach to my soul. But now, it has been separated by a layer, thus it fell from rank seven to rank six.”


 Fang Yuan had never expected such a problem.


 He had all along been enjoying the advantage of non-conflicting dao marks of the sovereign immortal body. He had never expected to stumble slightly on this matter.


 “There is no conflict of dao marks in my sovereign immortal body.”


 “But there is still a conflict between killer moves of different paths.”


 “Ghostly concealment has ghost in its name, but it is a theft path killer move, while ghost official garment is a soul path killer move, the two conflict with each other. To solve this issue, the most fundamental method is to combine both into one move.”


 Fang Yuan bitterly smiled when he thought this.


 The difficulty was too big.


 Fang Yuan had no understanding of ghostly concealment. Moreover, he lacked attainment in theft path and soul path. Even with the light of wisdom to help him deduce, the progress would be extremely slow, according to the current conditions, he would have to keep on deducing for hundreds to thousands of years without rest, and even then he might not deduce a successful outcome.


 After all, it was a rank nine killer move, and to Fang Yuan, rank nine was far away. Despite him possessing rank eight battle strength, he was not even a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “Then let’s do this.”


 Fang Yuan put his soul back in his body.


 He did not intend to further improve his method.


 He had obtained all the inheritances of Shadow Sect, and just earlier, he had exchanged them with almost all the inheritances of Lang Ya Sect.


 It was only ‘almost’, there were some crucial contents which both sides did not exchange. This applied to both Lang Ya Sect and Fang Yuan.


 Even so, the near-complete collection of inheritances in Lang Ya Sect had reached an enormous amount, only slightly inferior to Shadow Sect’s collection.


 After all, Long Hair Ancestor was from the Medieval Antiquity Era, he had lived three hundred thousand years ago. Lang Ya blessed land had also existed for three hundred thousand years.


 Based on just time alone, Lang Ya Sect was much older than Shadow Sect.


 But the inheritances in Lang Ya Sect were basically all related to refinement path, even inheritances of other paths mostly touched upon refinement path. Moreover, Lang Ya Sect’s collection ability definitely could not match Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan was able to get both the collections for his own use, just based on inheritances, he had already surpassed any one ancient sect of Central Continent. Two or three ancient sects would have to collaborate to match the amount of inheritances he had.


 As for Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan could not compare to them. Heavenly Court had been governed by three Immortal Venerables, and its history was extremely long, it was established three million years ago, in the Remote Antiquity Era.


 Combining the inheritances Fang Yuan held currently, ghost official garment was the most suitable to him and also had the highest growth potential. In the future, it would be the most useful immortal killer move that could defend against others’ deductions as well as deceive heaven’s will.


 It could be said that ghost official garment killer move was a key part of Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 It was very special.


 Once activated, it could last forever, it did not spend immortal essence, instead it expended the Gu Immortal’s soul foundation to maintain itself.


 Theoretically, as long as the Gu Immortal’s soul existed, and ghost official garment was not directly attacked, it could last for eternity.


 Precisely because it was linked to a Gu Immortal’s soul foundation, it had another huge advantage.


 Its might would change according to the Gu Immortal’s soul foundation.


 When the Gu Immortal’s soul foundation increased, ghost official garment’s might would also increase. And similarly, if the soul foundation fell, ghost official garment would also weaken.


 “Previously, I used dark limit Immortal Gu, and had to reactivate it after every set interval of time to replenish its effect, it was really inconvenient, especially when escaping. But ghost official garment can last forever with just one activation, and its strength grows with my soul foundation.”


 This was a practical immortal killer move.


 In fact, there were other soul path killer moves that could be used together with it.


 For instance, the killer moves soul shaking flag and soul shackle.


 These two moves could be used with ghost soldier garment, once activated, when Fang Yuan’s soul leaves his body, not only would it be covered with the ghost garment, it would also have weapons, the soul shaking flag in its right hand and soul shackles in his left hand.


 With this, even Fang Yuan’s soul would possess offensive prowess.


 This was also an important characteristic of Spectral Soul’s true inheritance — to allow a person’s soul to possess powerful battle strength.


 However, Fang Yuan only chose ghost official garment, and did not choose soul shaking flag or soul shackle.


 After testing the effect of ghost official garment, Fang Yuan continued to bathe in the light of wisdom.


 Borrowing the help of the light of wisdom, he began to ponder over his current situation.


 “With ghost official garment and Lang Ya blessed land, I am currently safe. Even if Heavenly Court attacks, I can rely on my own strength to escape.”


 “But what I need to do is to completely destroy Heavenly Court’s fate Immortal Gu.”


 “Ten years! After ten years, Heavenly Court will have definitely restored Fate, by then I probably would have no hope of winning.”


 This was the most troubling issue Fang Yuan was facing.


 Heavenly Court had terrifying strength, let alone attacking Heavenly Court, it was extremely dangerous for Fang Yuan to even enter Central Continent. Heavenly Court only needed to send out one or two rank eight Gu Immortals to make Fang Yuan’s situation miserable.


 Even by relying on the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan was unable to think of how to resolve this greatest issue.


 “Fortunately, I still have Red Lotus’ true inheritances. Red Lotus Demon Venerable had damaged fate Gu back then and left behind his true inheritances. With Spring Autumn Cicada, the crucial key, in my hand, I have a huge possibility of obtaining his true inheritances.”


 Fang Yuan had used Red Lotus’ true inheritance to kill a Heavenly Court rank eight time path Gu Immortal, Lord Huang Shi. So perhaps he could use other true inheritances of Red Lotus to find hope of destroying fate Immortal Gu.


 Relying on fate Gu, Heavenly Court stood unshaken to this day.


 Relying on fate Gu and Star Constellation’s arrangements, Heavenly Court had resisted three Demon Venerables.


 Relying on fate Gu, Heavenly Court had all along occupied the throne of the number one Gu Immortal force in the whole world.


 There was no doubt that destroying fate Immortal Gu was the key to defeating Heavenly Court.


 If Fang Yuan did not destroy Fate, after ten years, it would be time for Heavenly Court to take Fang Yuan’s life.


 Fang Yuan had inherited Shadow Sect’s legacy, and had a profound awareness of this point.


 “But now is not a good time to go after the true inheritances of Red Lotus.”


 “Heavenly Court has slipped up once, but they have obtained a huge amount of precious information, next time, they will utilize much more strength and even more rank eight Gu Immortals.”


 “I can only continue to develop first and raise my battle strength before I go to inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritances, only then will I have some hope of destroying fate Gu.”


 There was no doubt about this general plan.


 Fang Yuan currently lacked immortal essence, while his immortal essence stone storage was also almost empty. Reverse flow protection seal was already being targeted, in the previous battle, Feng Jiu Ge’s sound path killer move had already begun to penetrate reverse flow protection seal and affected Fang Yuan’s main body. During the battle inside the River of Time, he had barely been able to kill Lord Huang Shi after using the strength of a stone lotus island.


 Now, Fang Yuan had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance along with countless inheritances, he also had Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and the light of wisdom.


 In this situation, if he did not develop and strengthen himself, running around and causing trouble instead, he would truly be asking for death!



***
Chapter 1449 - Borrowing Immortal Essence Stones


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A flat and boundless plain was in her sight.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s divine sense continued to spread before finally covering the whole blessed land.


 She had succeeded in her immortal ascension not long ago and became a wisdom path rank six Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, forming this blessed land.


 Lian Yun blessed land.


 It had a total of 5700km2 of land, a large tributary of the River of Time, with time flowing thirty-three times faster than the outside world, which meant the immortal aperture would produce over thirty green grape immortal essence every year.


 “Half grassland and half plain?” Zhao Lian Yun mumbled.


 The blessed land’s topography was closely connected to the Gu Immortal’s specific situation.


 The grassland topography might be because Zhao Lian Yun’s heart was connected to Northern Plains, having spent most of her time there since her transmigration. As for the plain, it might be because she had inherited Central Continent’s customs.


 Even without any cultivation and plantation, the grassland was already filled with green grass. While the plain had fertile land and water, with some cultivation, it could produce plenty of products.


 Besides the blessed land, there was also Immortal Gu.


 Rank nine love Immortal Gu went without saying, but because of her immortal ascension with a high grade blessed land, Zhao Lian Yun had obtained her second Immortal Gu — Remembrance.


 This was a wisdom path Immortal Gu. Its appearance was like a flying ant, and had astonishing flying speed. Its whole body was silver, and when it was still, it emitted an illusory white halo.


 “Hong Yun, do you know that I am now no longer a mortal, I have become a Gu Immortal!”


 Zhao Lian Yun retracted her divine sense and slowly opened her eyes, looking at the outside world.


 She sighed lightly.


 After becoming an immortal, she did feel joy, but even more than that, she felt empty and lonely.


 In the battle of Reverse Flow River, Ma Hong Yun might have been killed by Fang Yuan, but his soul still existed.


 This was not random speculation by Zhao Lian Yun, but had been deduced by a wisdom path Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, Xu Hao.


 Zhao Lian Yun chose to believe him, and thus this became her motivation and hope for putting forth effort in cultivation.


 Thinking of a trace of hope to revive Ma Hong Yun, Zhao Lian Yun restrained her feelings and stood up, leaving this closed secret room.


 Today was an important day.


 Zhao Lian Yun walked past a corridor, Li Jun Ying had been waiting for her at the end of the corridor.


 “Greetings to Sister Jun Ying.” Zhao Lian Yun immediately bowed in greeting.


 Li Jun Ying smiled: “Sister Lian Yun, no need to be so polite, let’s go, I will accompany you to secret inheritance peak.”


 Secret inheritance peak was a place where Spirit Affinity House’s Gu Immortals often set foot in.


 Zhao Lian Yun was going there for the first time, sure enough, the peak was extraordinary. It was floating in the air, surrounded by vast emptiness. It seemed to be close but was actually far away, the aura on the mountain was thick and condensed, a high level immortal Gu formation was set up in it.


 The one in charge of this peak was a supreme elder of the neutral faction, her name was Fairy Liu Fang.


 In this trip, Zhao Lian Yun did not see Fairy Liu Fang herself, but was welcomed by a will left behind by her.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not think anything of it, but Li Jun Ying frowned slightly.


 According to convention, Zhao Lian Yun who was the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House would be heavily nurtured by the sect, and in this first visit to secret inheritance peak to receive financial assistance from the sect, she should have been personally welcomed by the secret inheritance peak master.


 But Fairy Liu Fang did not follow this convention.


 “Junior Lian Yun pays respects to Senior Liu Fang.” Zhao Lian Yun bowed to Liu Fang’s will.


 “No need to be so courteous, you are the current generation fairy of the sect. Please take a look at this Gu.” Liu Fang’s will smiled, her attitude was extremely polite as she handed an information path mortal Gu to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun looked through the contents in the Gu, there was a long list of wonderful items inside which dazzled her eyes for a moment.


 “I do not know much, Sister Jun Ying, could you please check for me.” Zhao Lian Yun was a smart person, she quickly handed this Gu to Li Jun Ying.


 Li Jun Ying looked through the list, and nodded slightly.


 There was no reduction in items listed in this information path mortal Gu, it was the real deal.


 She transmitted her voice to Zhao Lian Yun: “Lian Yun, since you have become a Gu Immortal, and have Immortal Gu Love and Remembrance, as well as a high grade blessed land, your starting point is already extremely high.”


 “You now need to manage your immortal aperture and increase your foundation. The first task is to feed Immortal Gu. Fortunately, even though your love Immortal Gu is rank nine, it does not have any issue regarding its food.”


 “So, what you need to consider now is remembrance Immortal Gu. This Gu feeds on bright eye flowers, and in this list of benefits, there is a method to raise bright eye flowers, you should choose it.”


 Zhao Lian Yun continued to nod as she transmitted her voice: “You are right, sister. Then what about the other two choices?”


 There were extraordinary benefits in being the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House.


 According to the sect rules, once the current generation fairy’s cultivation makes a breakthrough, she can choose three resources free of charge from secret inheritance peak.


 While other Gu Immortals, besides the ones who have made huge contributions, could only use their sect contribution points to exchange for these resources.


 Li Jun Ying smiled and said: “Besides this, I recommend you to choose clear chance grass. Since you are a wisdom path Gu Immortal, you will have to manage your immortal aperture from the wisdom path aspect. Clear chance grass is a wisdom path resource, and its nurturing is also rather easy, moreover it fetches a high price in treasure yellow heaven, you won’t make a loss if you choose this.”


 “Then I shall choose it, sister, your choice won’t be wrong.” Zhao Lian Yun quickly said.


 Li Jun Ying was greatly pleased with Zhao Lian Yun’s attitude, her tone becoming warmer by several degrees.


 “Then what should I pick for the final choice?” Zhao Lian Yun asked.


 “Naturally the first item.”


 “Immortal essence stones?”


 “Right.” Li Jun Ying could not help chuckling at Zhao Lian Yun’s puzzled look: “Whether it be bright eye flowers or clear chance grass, the amount provided by the sect won’t be enough for you to plant them on a large scale. If these resources are not planted on a large scale, they will lose their significance. So, you need a large amount of immortal essence stones to purchase their seeds and plant them.”


 “Immortal essence stones are an important resource which Gu Immortals must have reserves of. Because they are not only the most common currency in transactions of Gu Immortals, they also have value in being turned into immortal essence for your own use.”


 “I see. Then I shall choose immortal essence stones.” Without any hesitation, Zhao Lian Yun quickly exchanged for the three items from Liu Fang’s will.


 The two left secret inheritance peak and flew outside.


 Before they parted, Li Jun Ying gave a sum of immortal essence stones to Zhao Lian Yun: “Sister Lian Yun, Xu Hao and I are lending you these three thousand immortal essence stones. Feel free to use them as much as you like, because there is no time limit for this loan.”


 “Ah!” Zhao Lian Yun softly exclaimed, revealing a moved expression: “The sect only gave me one thousand immortal essence stones, but sister, you are directly giving me three thousand, how should I use it?”


 Li Jun Ying patted Zhao Lian Yun’s shoulder: “Silly girl, the sect has already given you a lot. You have the sect’s support. You should know those lone cultivators and demonic immortals have to fight for even a piece of immortal essence stone.”


 “Speaking of immortal essence stone storage, a newly ascended rank six Gu Immortal is almost completely broke. Those with a hundred immortal essence stones are already in the mid level of rank six. Having one thousand immortal essence stones is very rare among rank six Gu Immortals.”


 “Your situation is different, because you are not only a Gu Immortal from one of the Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, you are also the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, you will be heavily prioritized by the sect, thus you are an exception.”


 “In normal situations in the five regions and two heavens, most rank six Gu Immortals don’t have more than one hundred immortal essence stones, few have several hundred, and very few have a thousand immortal essence stones.”


 “And among rank seven Gu Immortals, they have at least several hundred immortal essence stones, most have over one thousand, and very few have several tens of thousand immortal essence stones.”


 “This is just common knowledge, you can simply remember it.”


 “Many thanks for your guidance, sister!” Zhao Lian Yun gave a deep bow with a grateful look.


 Li Jun Ying’s words were telling her that the sect did not mistreat her, and that she and her husband were also actively supporting her.


 “I will definitely work hard.” Zhao Lian Yun said solemnly.


 Li Jun Ying nodded: “Go cultivate, if you have any doubts, don’t hesitate to write me a letter, you can also ask Xu Hao.”


 “Yes.” Joy flashed past Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes, having someone for guidance and learning by oneself were naturally two different concepts.


 Looking at Zhao Lian Yun’s receding figure, Li Jun Ying’s smile slowly disappeared.


 Ever since Feng Jin Huang was taken under Duke Long, her life had become increasingly difficult.


 She and her husband Xu Hao were of the famous Anti-Feng faction. But now, the supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House knew that Feng Jin Huang was an Immortal Venerable seed with infinite future prospects!


 Fairy Liu Fang’s attitude this time clearly showed the political direction of Spirit Affinity House.


 Li Jun Ying had also expected this and had thus accompanied Zhao Lian Yun to prevent anyone from reducing Zhao Lian Yun’s sect benefits. Fortunately, that did not happen.


 It could be foreseen that this couple would have to face some political cold shoulders next. And in this coldness, they could only unite anyone they could, for instance Zhao Lian Yun, and then huddle together for warmth.


 Northern Plains, Chu tribe.


 The famous strength path Gu Immortal Chu Du put down an information path Gu worm in his hand.


 “Fang Yuan, it is really not easy to be your friend.” Chu Du gave a bitter smile.


 This letter Gu was sent by Fang Yuan, he was asking for immortal essence stones!


 Fang Yuan had once cooperated with Chu Du using the alias of Liu Guan Yi, and their relationship had not been shallow. Not long ago, Heavenly Court assassinated Gu Immortal Yun Liang, destroying Longevity Heaven’s plan as well as publicizing the secret that Fang Yuan and Liu Guan Yi were the same person, while incriminating the crime on Fang Yuan.


 Hence, Chu Du already knew Liu Guan Yi was Fang Yuan.


 But Chu Du was not too surprised, in fact, he had once had suspicions regarding this, and had even sang a poem to test Fang Yuan.


 Whether it be Liu Guan Yi or Fang Yuan, Chu Du wanted to collaborate with both.


 However, the current Chu Du’s identity was different from before.


 He was now the first supreme elder of Chu tribe, he had a lot of Gu Immortals under him, and was a member of the righteous path.


 As a Northern Plains righteous path Gu Immortal, if he continued to collaborate with Fang Yuan, the moment it was exposed, all his previous effort in creating his force would turn into naught.


 Collaborating with Fang Yuan was extremely risky.


 Chu Du had planned to ignore it at first and maintain a vague attitude, but Fang Yuan did not give him this opportunity, and directly sent a letter asking for immortal essence stones.


 And in this letter, Fang Yuan only mentioned of borrowing immortal essence stones, he intentionally did not mention the specific amount, the meaning was for Chu Du to decide how much to lend.


 This made Chu Du feel even more troubled!


 “As expected of someone like Fang Yuan.” Chu Du sighed.



***
Chapter 1450 - One Million Seven Hundred and Thirty Thousand!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh, Chu Du is lending me a hundred and fifty thousand immortal essence stones?”


 Fang Yuan soon received Chu Du’s reply, moreover the amount Chu Du was lending had slightly surpassed Fang Yuan’s expectation.


 In Chu Du’s reply letter, he had written in euphemistic words. He talked about their pleasant past collaboration, then talked of how unexpected events and circumstances in life toyed with people and how their camps differed, which created an awkward situation. Moreover, lending one hundred and fifty thousand immortal essence stones was already his limit, and the time for returning it could be determined by Fang Yuan himself.


 “Looks like Chu Du still wants to continue collaborating with me. Reckless Savage’s true meaning is tempting after all.” This reply immediately let Fang Yuan know of Chu Du’s attitude and intention.


 Chu Du was originally born a lone cultivator, later he went against Liu tribe and was accused of being in the demonic path. Now, he had established Chu tribe and was in the righteous path.


 But by nature, he still prioritized his own benefits.


 So despite the high risks of collaborating with Fang Yuan, due to the huge profits, Chu Du did not hesitate to take the risk, not only lending one hundred and fifty thousand immortal essence stones, but also personally writing a reply letter.


 This letter Gu might only be a mortal Gu, but its significance was not ordinary. If Fang Yuan took it out, it would be strong proof that Chu Du was collaborating with the demonic path.


 But this was done intentionally by Chu Du. He used this method to give Fang Yuan a hold on him, to express his sincerity in collaborating.


 And Fang Yuan felt this sincerity fully.


 “I can continue to collaborate with Chu Du.”


 “Of course, the calamity beckoning Gu I lent him before is also a strong foundation of collaboration between us.”


 Fang Yuan was rather pleased.


 One hundred and fifty thousand immortal essence stones was already a high amount.


 Normally, a rank six Gu Immortal would have at most one thousand immortal essence stones as reserve.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals would have roughly ten thousand. Most rank seven Gu Immortals usually had several thousands of immortal essence stones as their reserve.


 And at rank eight level, having several tens of thousands in reserve was the minimum, they would often have over a hundred thousand, and those senior rank eights would even have a million.


 As for rank nine, their immortal essence stones would reach ten million, or even one hundred million!


 Of course, it depended on the Gu Immortal’s individual circumstances.


 As far as organizations were concerned, an ordinary super force would have around a million immortal essence stones in reserve.


 Wu clan had such reserves, which is why in the battle of the dream realm, Wu Yong did not hesitate to lend Fang Yuan one hundred thousand immortal essence stones. This was within the capability of Wu clan. Of course, Wu clan could lend much more, but Wu Yong thought this amount was enough for Fang Yuan to stabilize the immortal formation.


 And Chu tribe was a recently established super force, although they had many Gu Immortals, most of them were of strength path and had few assets to themselves. According to Fang Yuan’s estimate, it was good if Chu tribe had six hundred thousand immortal essence stones in reserve.


 And Chu Du had lent one hundred and fifty thousand from this reserve of six hundred thousand immortal essence stones, and with no time limit to return it. His sincerity was truly high.


 There was no doubt that immortal essence stones was also a factor to weigh a Gu Immortal’s and a force’s strength.


 But it was not that the more money you saved, the better. Just piling up money without making use of it was like collecting dust.


 Storage of immortal essence stones followed the same logic.


 With Chu Du’s support, Fang Yuan’s originally emptied immortal essence stone storage jumped to one hundred and fifty thousand!


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied.


 He continued to patiently wait for replies.


 He had not only sent the letter to Chu Du, but also sent them to the three eccentrics of Crazed Demon Cave, as well as Miao Ming Shen of Eastern Sea, asking for immortal essence stones.


 The request for immortal essence stones was only one objective, Fang Yuan had another goal as well, it was to know their attitudes.


 Especially in this sensitive time when his Liu Guan Yi identity was exposed.


 The replies of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics and Miao Ming Shen came almost at the same time.


 Both sides agreed to Fang Yuan’s request, each lending a sum of immortal essence stones. The former gave two hundred thousand immortal essence stones, while the latter gave one hundred thousand.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics’ attitude towards Fang Yuan had gotten even more warm than before, with no issues regarding Fang Yuan’s true identity. As far as these three were concerned, they did not care about the fight between the righteous path or demonic path, from their perspective, there was only Limitless’ true inheritance! They would acknowledge anyone that could help them achieve this desire.


 And the stronger Fang Yuan became, the higher their acknowledgement of him.


 As for Miao Ming Shen, he had a pleasant interaction with Fang Yuan’s other identity ‘Chu Ying’. In the trading convention, Fang Yuan had taken the initiative to sell lifespan Gu to Miao Ming Shen, this sharply elevated Fang Yuan’s status to Miao Ming Shen.


 Therefore, Miao Ming Shen had specially written in the letter: His funds were quite tight recently, one hundred thousand was his current limit, but if it was not enough, he could borrow from his friends to aid Fang Yuan.


 Like this, Fang Yuan got three batches of immortal essence stones, the total amount reaching four hundred and fifty thousand.


 Whether it be his previous life or currently, he had never possessed such an enormous sum of immortal essence stones.


 However, Fang Yuan did not stop borrowing, he then discussed with Lang Ya land spirit and borrowed a sum of immortal essence stones, and also used his sect contribution points to exchange for another sum until it reached Lang Ya land spirit’s bottom-line.


 “I cannot exchange anymore. Although you have a lot of sect contribution points, the sect also needs to have some in reserve to prepare for any unexpected situations.” Lang Ya land spirit firmly refused.


 In these recent few years, because of his development plan for the blessed land, the rich foundation was being constantly expended. Adding on the previous time when Fang Yuan used large amounts of sect contribution points to exchange for immortal materials as well as make Lang Ya Sect refine Immortal Gu, Lang Ya Sect’s foundation was further expended sharply.


 When Lang Ya land spirit refused Fang Yuan, Lang Ya Sect had no more than three hundred thousand immortal essence stones left in reserve.


 Fang Yuan then asked Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had inherited Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, it should have had a huge immortal essence stone reserve.


 Among the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals, Bai Ning Bing was the richest.


 Hei Lou Lan was the poorest, and Ying Wu Xie was similar, although he had possessed Fairy Cui Bo’s body, her immortal aperture and resources were all taken by Bai Ning Bing as battle spoils.


 After Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin heard of Fang Yuan’s action, they took the initiative to lend some immortal essence stones, although the amount was rather small.


 Among all the lenders, Lady White Rabbit’s terms were the most lax, she had even said with a flushed face that it would not matter even if Fang Yuan did not return the immortal essence stones. At second were Fairy Miao Yin and Chu Du who did not put a limit on the time of return.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics wanted to make use of Fang Yuan, but their friendship was shallow after all, so they lent according to the market rate. Lang Ya land spirit did the same. Among them, Miao Ming Shen’s time limit was the most lax.


 The harshest loan term was from Bai Ning Bing. She mentioned a rather interesting condition, she could lend a large amount of immortal essence stones to Fang Yuan, but the more Fang Yuan borrowed, the higher the interest and shorter the return time.


 Fang Yuan then borrowed most of her immortal essence stones.


 After borrowing from here and there, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence stones had reached an astonishing amount of over one million seven hundred and thirty thousand!


 A huge sum.


 This reserve had already surpassed what Chu tribe, Lang Ya Sect, and most of the super forces could take out. Among Gu Immortals, almost no rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals had such capital, even among rank eight Gu Immortals, only few possessed such capital, they were usually long time rank eight experts with a reserve of more than a million immortal essence stones.


 Naturally, this was purely comparing quantity.


 The truly ‘healthy’ form of assets was to maintain balance between income and expenditure. Fang Yuan might be holding this huge sum, but it was not his, he had only borrowed it.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan was deep in debt.


 However, he was not nervous at all, he was fully confident he could use these immortal essence stones to earn even more!



***
Chapter 1451 - Year Gu Price War


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A few days later.


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 Zhao Lian Yun spread her divine sense, inspecting her immortal aperture.


 Lian Yun blessed land already looked different from before.


 A flower field was planted with a large amount of bright eye flowers, this was the food of remembrance Immortal Gu, it had to be planted.


 Besides this, there was also a small grassland where clear chance grass was planted, stalks of the grass was small and pointy, and were light green. Swallows were flying above this grassland.


 They were labor swallows, extremely hardworking and nimble birds. Their wings had three colors, in black, white and red. Zhao Lian Yun had specially brought in a batch of them to kill any insects on the clear chance grass.


 When clear chance grass grew, it would produce a kind of pest that would corrode the grass leaves, greatly reducing the profits.


 “I have already spent most of my immortal essence stones.” Zhao Lian Yun sighed as she looked at the scene in front of her.


 At the beginning, she had felt the number of immortal essence stones to be extremely huge, but when she started using it, she discovered that it was not much at all. Because she was not only nurturing two resources, she also had to create two complete ecological systems.


 Not only the seeds of bright eye flowers and clear chance grass, she had to spend on soil, water, climate construction and so on as well.


 “Bright eye flowers can only satisfy the food requirement of remembrance Immortal Gu after a year in immortal aperture time. After two years, the clear chance grass and bright eye flower transactions could give me several hundreds of immortal essence stones. After three years, I can repay Li Jun Ying’s loan.”


 “This progress and profit can only be achieved under the most ideal situation. And I have yet to calculate my other cultivation expenses.”


 Zhao Lian Yun fully sensed that Gu Immortal cultivation was not easy.


 She was only cultivating two resources, and both grew separately and did not disturb each other. At the same time, the difficulty of nurturing plants was much less than raising beast groups or variant humans.


 Moreover, Zhao Lian Yun had a high grade blessed land which had plenty of space path and time path resources. Most importantly, she was protected by divine concealment, and was exempted from calamities and tribulations, she did not need to worry about this huge issue!


 “The number of labor swallows is somewhat small, they cannot look after the whole grassland, I should buy some more.” Zhao Lian Yun connected to treasure yellow heaven and sent her divine sense.


 Over these days, she realized the convenience of treasure yellow heaven.


 “Guts Gu!” Zhao Lian Yun quickly discovered someone selling guts Gu.


 She knew guts Gu was produced by Fang Yuan alone, but because its supply did not match demand, it had all along been sold in the black market of treasure yellow heaven, that is, someone would purchase a large amount of guts Gu then sell them at a higher price. So the one selling this guts Gu was not necessarily Fang Yuan. Moreover, the wills and identities of Gu Immortals could be casually changed, treasure yellow heaven gave safety and full freedom, so even Heavenly Court could only watch as Fang Yuan sold guts Gu.


 “Even if I can sell bright eye flowers and clear chance grass after a few years, there will be other competitors as well, my products will be influenced by the market. Their prices also won’t be able to compare to guts Gu.”


 Fang Yuan was Zhao Lian Yun’s enemy, so she had been paying attention to the guts Gu trade.


 But the more attention she paid, the more she realized Fang Yuan’s strength, which inevitably caused her to feel depressed.


 “According to my current accumulation speed, I simply won’t be able to catch up with Fang Yuan, instead I will continue to be left in the dust by him. Damn it...” Zhao Lian Yun gritted her teeth.


 Right at this time, for some reason, there was a huge uproar ahead. Large amounts of Gu Immortal wills, which were originally scattered throughout treasure yellow heaven, were gathering in that direction.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart jolted: “Could it be a large transaction? Li Jun Ying said large transactions that can cause such an uproar are rare in treasure yellow heaven. Previously, it was when someone sold large amounts of year beasts. I did not expect my luck to be so good, to encounter one not long after becoming an immortal.”


 Zhao Lian Yun naturally did not want to give up on this chance to broaden her horizons, she also sent her divine sense to experience this event.


 Soon, she arrived at the scene.


 A Gu Immortal will, which had an enormous physique looking like a fatty, was sitting cross-legged in air, surrounding him were year Gu.


 A vast number of year Gu!


 “So many year Gu? It looks like there are over one hundred thousand.” Zhao Lian Yun got a shock. This was the first time she had seen so many year Gu piled up together.


 The huge quantity had quite a visual impact.


 “Sister Li Jun Ying was right, mortal Gu is only a matter of quantity to Gu Immortals.” Zhao Lian Yun sighed inwardly.


 “What price are you selling these year Gu for?” A Gu Immortal’s will inquire about the price.


 That fat will replied with a smile, quoting a fair price which immediately led to a discussion between the Gu Immortals.


 “If there are no issues with these year Gu, I definitely want to purchase some.”


 “This is time path mortal Gu, they have a wide range of uses and can be used in refinement path or other aspects. The price is also fair, maybe I should buy a bit more. Even if I don’t use it for myself, I can resell it later. I don’t have to worry about not being able to sell it.”


 “Who is this seller? Selling year Gu at this time is an extremely good decision. According to the usual routine, it is not yet the time for the biggest sellers of year Gu to bring out their products.”


 Gu Immortals discussed with each other.


 All kinds of divine senses and wills conversed together without maintaining secrecy, which allowed Zhao Lian Yun to learn of a lot of things.


 She listened attentively and soon found this year Gu seller might be a newcomer in treasure yellow heaven. Although the current time of sales was slightly early, it would still be hard for him to avoid colliding with the traditional sellers.


 It was still okay if this seller was only selling this one time, but if he wanted to run this business for a long time and squeeze into treasure yellow heaven’s market, it would definitely lead to bloodshed.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes brightened at this thought.


 If it was the latter situation, then this would no doubt be an event to pay attention to and learn from.


 “I will also be selling my resources in the future and will have to make my way into treasure yellow heaven’s market. My resources are not unique, so I will definitely have to go through this obstacle. There are only a few monopolistic businesses in the whole Gu Immortal world, not everyone can have luck like Fang Yuan! I need to observe this properly, especially this year Gu trade. I might learn a lot of things.”


 Zhao Lian Yun instructed herself.


 The scene was bustling, many Gu Immortals started purchasing year Gu.


 Time path Gu worms had a wide range of usage, so they always had a high demand in the market.


 After each transaction was completed, the profits quickly accumulated to an extent which caused some of the Gu Immortals to become red with envy.


 “Just by a rough estimation, this seller has at least profited fifty thousand immortal essence stones in this short period of time.” Zhao Lian Yun was inwardly shocked.


 But the real shocking thing came later.


 This seller was selling continuously, while also continuously replenishing the products. Many year Gu were sold, but in the surroundings of the fat will, the quantity of year Gu did not decrease and was instead increasing!


 “Oh heavens, how many year Gu does this man have?”


 “My goodness, this is a huge transaction.”


 “This person is here for blood! The main sellers of year Gu have always been Xie Bao Shu, Rong Xin and Wang Ming Yue. If this is not handled well, it will definitely lead to a price war.”


 Zhao Lian Yun felt increasing anticipation as she listened to the discussions.


 This mysterious seller was strongly putting his foot in the market, the three main sellers definitely would not take this lying down.


 A price war concerning year Gu was going to start!



***
Chapter 1452 - Three Sellers


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea.


 Clear sea area.


 A jade pavilion stood by itself in the depths of the sea, emitting aura of a rank six Immortal Gu House.


 Inside the jade pavilion, Gu Immortal Xie Bao Shu was hosting his close friend, You Xian Zi.


 Looking at the large patches of vicissitude trees outside the jade pavilion, You Xian Zi said with a moved tone: “It is time to harvest year Gu once again, the growth of these vicissitude trees is much more vigorous than the previous year. Looks like your method of growing these resources has made another breakthrough.”


 Xie Bao Shu was handsome and had a warm nature, he rubbed his nose, smiling: “You don’t need to flatter me.”


 You Xian Zi laughed: “I am just worrying about you, don’t you know someone is already selling year Gu in treasure yellow heaven?”


 Xie Bao Shu was silent as he took out a mortal year Gu and handed it to You Xian Zi.


 You Xian Zi received it and took a glance: “Hmm, good, this rank five year Gu’s quality is pretty good. It is glossy and healthy, it is quite appealing.”


 Xie Bao Shu slightly shook his head: “This year Gu was not raised by me, it is from that seller.”


 “I see.” You Xian Zi was slightly surprised, before quickly accepting this fact.


 He knew his friend very well.


 Xie Bao Shu was a well-known lone cultivator in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 He had unique insights on growing vicissitude trees.


 Vicissitude trees were an immortal material, but their usage was very narrow. Despite being an immortal material, because they had many kinds of dao marks, they were very impure.


 So few Gu Immortals paid attention to this tree.


 But Xie Bao Shu found new ways of using them, he planted this tree on a large scale, and using an ingenious method, he used vicissitude trees to raise and attract wild year Gu.


 Now, he was one of the three giants of the year Gu market!


 He only put a small portion of these year Gu in treasure yellow heaven, the larger portion was sold to various super forces of Eastern Sea.


 Even so, Xie Bao Shu would not easily give up treasure yellow heaven’s market. Because this was the whole world’s market, and from a certain aspect, treasure yellow heaven could be said to be much more significant than those Eastern Sea super forces.


 Now that someone was suddenly entering the year Gu market, making huge transactions, how could Xie Bao Shu just watch from the sidelines?


 Although it was still not time for him to sell year Gu, he had always been paying attention to the situation of the year Gu market.


 “I have examined this year Gu, it is indeed a high grade item. This time, the opponent is not a simple one.” Xie Bao Shu sighed.


 You Xian Zi nodded: “With such a huge amount, some region’s super force might be involved in this, it is very difficult for an individual to take out so many of them. Didn’t you also climb up by accumulating your strength step by step?”


 Xie Bao Shu smiled: “Oh you, why are you encouraging me in a roundabout way? Among the three sellers, only I am a lone cultivator. Because of this, I could only move step by step, facing setbacks along the way and getting past them to create a solid foundation, what difficulties have I not encountered? This time will also not be an exception. Moreover...”


 You Xian Zi finished his words: “Moreover, you three have already reached an agreement. Every business has its own hidden rules, this newcomer might have come aggressively, but he has broken the hidden rules, he will probably be suppressed and forced out by you three, right?”


 “Hahaha, I really cannot hide anything from you, you rat who specializes in stealing oil.” Xie Bao Shu jokingly scolded while pointing at You Xian Zi’s nose.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Cloud city, inside a secret room, Fang Yuan had been sitting cross-legged without moving for several days.


 These last days, he had been activating rank eight time path Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water.


 He had obtained this Immortal Gu from Hei Fan’s true inheritance, even rank six Gu Immortals could activate it, but the effect would be limited.


 Now, Fang Yuan was continuously pouring his rank seven red date immortal essence into Years Flow Like Water, constantly producing mortal year Gu.


 And these year Gu were then moved to treasure yellow heaven’s market.


 He let his will stabilize the situation and carry out year Gu transactions with other Gu Immortals.


 Indeed, he was the newcomer who had been selling large amounts of year Gu. He was extremely aggressive, not only creating an uproar in treasure yellow heaven, he even made Xie Bao Shu and the others feel apprehension.


 Fang Yuan had borrowed over one million seven hundred and thirty thousand immortal essence stones, he turned them into red date immortal essence, which he made full use of in the year Gu business.


 Rank eight Years Flow Like Water was too amazing, it not only produced a lot of mortal Gu, their quality was also good.


 The market response had been extremely good these few days. After buying some, many Gu Immortals felt that the goods were pretty good, they would find Fang Yuan to purchase another batch.


 “Hmm?” Right at this time, Fang Yuan’s activation of Years Flow Like Water paused for a moment.


 He had all along been maintaining his connection to treasure yellow heaven, and had just received a message from his will, which he had placed in treasure yellow heaven, that there was a super force which wanted to purchase Fang Yuan’s goods in bulk quantity, but was afraid Fang Yuan would not be able to supply them, so they wanted to discuss with his main body. If it was possible, they could establish long-term cooperation.


 This news could be true but could also be false.


 “There is a higher chance that this message is sent by those traditional year Gu sellers using a disguised identity.” Fang Yuan sneered, completely disregarding this message.


 Long-term cooperation? Fang Yuan was not interested. He wanted to wage war this time!


 Central Continent.


 Rong Xin was silent.


 “The seller is actually not interested in my proposal?” Rong Xin was quite surprised.


 He had disguised as a huge buyer to try to communicate with Fang Yuan personally and glean his background. But Fang Yuan actually ignored him.


 “How can this be? Even if he is a representative of a super force, they would also hope that their year Gu would have much larger buyers. Unless... he does not have many year Gu left?”


 Rong Xin was a member of the ten great ancient sects, and as a righteous path member, he naturally understood the thoughts of righteous path Gu Immortals and super forces.


 He pondered and felt this guess was very likely.


 “It must be because of this that this mysterious seller is selling year Gu this early. It is to avoid us three sellers?”


 “He refused even my proposal, he probably really does not have much stock left. Actually, the amount of year Gu he has sold is only one-tenth of what I have in stock.”


 “Hehe.”


 Rong Xin chuckled when he thought of this.


 “This is a good method to gain attention.” He commented in his head on Fang Yuan’s action: “Unfortunately, what use is it if you don’t have enough strength?”


 Southern Border.


 Dragon Return Valley.


 The rumbling of a waterfall echoed in the valley.


 Mist permeated and the vegetation thrived.


 Wang Ming Yue, an external supreme elder of the righteous path super force Yao clan, was standing on a giant boulder, gazing at the waterfall.


 This waterfall was not ordinary, it was a tributary of the River of Time!


 “Year Gu has three great sellers. Eastern Sea’s Xie Bao Shu uses vicissitude trees to nurture year Gu. Central Continent’s Rong Xin uses refinement path methods to periodically refine countless year Gu. But only I have a grasp over a tributary of the River of Time, I can capture natural wild year Gu.”


 Wang Ming Yue inwardly compared herself to them.


 This tributary of the River of Time was rather special, it was a tributary that had forked from the middle of the River of Time.


 The River of Time had many special river segments.


 For instance, the sword-blade river segment, it was a special river segment that was personally set up by Red Lotus Demon Venerable using the past Xi Yuan’s sword aura and Dao Jiu Lang’s blade aura to protect one of his stone lotus islands.


 The year river segment was filled with countless wild year Gu.


 Wang Ming Yue had discovered this tributary back when she had been a lone immortal, and had secretly managed it. But several years later, Southern Border’s righteous path forces discovered it and were naturally covetous.


 After a secret exchange, Yao clan won, and Yao clan Gu Immortal Yao Tian Ze married Wang Ming Yue. With this reason, Yao clan openly took this Dragon Return valley as their territory.


 “This year’s harvests are pretty good, the amount of year Gu captured is actually thirty percent higher than normal.”


 “The other two are not making a move, then I shall start first. If I continue letting that newcomer sell his year Gu, it will probably not be easy for me to sell all these wild year Gu.”


 Wang Ming Yue put her thoughts into action, and began selling her year Gu in treasure yellow heaven.


 Her move immediately caused an uproar in treasure yellow heaven.


 “One of the three main sellers of year Gu, Wang Ming Yue, has made a move.”


 “If that mysterious seller is allowed to continue selling year Gu, the sellers after him definitely won’t have an easy time selling year Gu.”


 “This will be quite a show.”


 “Right. That mysterious seller is selling so many year Gu, the three main sellers definitely have a hard time being patient. Now that Wang Ming Yue has made a move, the other two won’t stand still.”


 “Let’s wait and see, there might even be a price war, us buyers can pick up some benefits.”


 Many Gu Immortals secretly communicated.



***
Chapter 1453 - Price War


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wang Ming Yue took out her stock.


 Only Fang Yuan alone had been supplying year Gu in a large amount in treasure yellow heaven over these last days, now with one more competitor, it immediately caused a stir.


 “Women are women after all, not even having this bit of patience.” Central Continent’s Rong Xin scoffed when he obtained this news.


 “With this, many Gu Immortals will probably choose to watch.” He had plentiful experience in selling year Gu, and could immediately guess the changes in the market.


 Sure enough, the fervor of buying year Gu in treasure yellow heaven suddenly fell.


 Wang Ming Yue became Fang Yuan’s competitor, which all of a sudden caused the supply of year Gu to be greater than demand, other Gu Immortals were now keeping patient, waiting to see a good show.


 A storm was brewing in treasure yellow heaven


 In previous years, the sale of year Gu had always been a hot business. This year, with year Gu being sold ahead of time, the situation had now become ‘desolate’ with almost no one showing any interest.


 Wang Ming Yue was helpless about this.


 There was no other way, she had a huge stock of year Gu, if she did not start now and waited for the other two sellers to start selling, there would be a much smaller market for her goods.


 “Wang Ming Yue is actually selling ahead of time?” Different from Rong Xin’s passive stance, Xie Bao Shu was hesitating.


 Xie Bao Shu understood Wang Ming Yue, this person was a veteran seller with plenty of experience, how could she not see the disadvantage of selling early?


 “Most probably, she also has a lot of year Gu on her.” Xie Bao Shu did not show anything on the surface, but was inwardly getting worried.


 A day later, he finally decided to take action, putting year Gu for sale in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Xie Bao Shu has also made a move.”


 “Two of the three main sellers are already selling their goods ahead of time.”


 “Of course! This year is different from the past, there is now a fourth gladiator in the arena.”


 Within treasure yellow heaven, the Gu Immortals discussed.


 “Damn it. These two...” When Rong Xin obtained news of this, he could only follow while gritting his teeth.


 The situation was already different from before.


 Previously, Fang Yuan was selling by himself, Rong Xin could endure this and remained unmoved. When Wang Ming Yue joined, Rong Xin only felt slightly tensed, but with Xie Bao Shu also joining in, the pressure on Rong Xin had increased.


 Among the four sellers, if he alone did not take action, then the one who suffered the most would no doubt be him.


 It was just that he had his own difficulties.


 His year Gu were the results of refinement.


 Because there was not a set time like past years, his stock had not been accumulated enough. So he had the least amount of stock among the four sellers.


 Forced by the situation, Rong Xin could only grit his teeth and put his year Gu for sale in treasure yellow heaven.


 “I have the least amount of stock, I cannot act forcefully.” Rong Xin already had a hunch, what he needed now was time to refine much more year Gu.


 Thinking of this, he contacted Xie Bao Shu and Wang Ming Yue.


 These three knew each other for many years, competing and communicating with each other about year Gu business, and naturally had each other’s information path Gu worms.


 “Although there is a newcomer, I think us three should still act according to the old agreement, isn’t that so?” Rong Xin reminded the two.


 Xie Bao Shu and Wang Ming Yue naturally agreed.


 They had already broken some terms of the old agreement by selling year Gu early. But since this was a special situation, it could be understood.


 But if they broke other terms, especially the one about price of year Gu, that would be breaking the rules!


 With more sellers, there would naturally be a price war.


 This was a powerful method of a price war.


 But if it was used too strongly, it would hurt themselves.


 Xie Bao Shu, Wang Ming Yue, and Rong Xin had already competed with each other countless times, but they never changed the agreed price. Besides not being able to do anything to the other party, the main reason was to protect their benefits.


 This created a problem.


 If Fang Yuan’s side suddenly dropped the price, what should they do?


 These three could obey the agreement, but Fang Yuan was a newcomer, even if Rong Xin persuaded him, he might not listen.


 But Rong Xin, Xie Bao Shu, and Wang Ming Yue were seemingly not worried about this.


 With four sellers supplying year Gu, Fang Yuan immediately felt his sales becoming stagnant.


 “I am a newcomer after all. Although my goods are of top quality, how could my status compare to those three main sellers in other Gu Immortals’ hearts?”


 Wang Ming Yue, Xie Bao Shu, and Rong Xin were in this business for many years already, they had good reputation among the public. Fang Yuan could absolutely not compare in this aspect.


 This was where Fang Yuan was disadvantaged in.


 But Fang Yuan had his methods to resolve it.


 Soon, at almost the same time, Rong Xin, Xie Bao Shu, and Wang Ming Yue obtained a significant news.


 That mysterious seller was beginning to drop the price of year Gu!


 “He went for this after all.”


 “Hmph, I still thought he had some other methods!”


 They were not anxious, even feeling somewhat disdainful. They had long grown out of this action of decreasing the price, and had even suffered a lot because of this.


 In a price war, taking the initiative to reduce the price was a double-edged sword, it would hurt others and hurt oneself as well.


 But as far as buyers were concerned, Fang Yuan reducing the price was no doubt good news.


 Weren’t they waiting for this kind of opportunity?


 They were like hungry sharks that immediately swarmed in.


 Fang Yuan’s year Gu began to sell in large amounts, forming a stark contrast with Xie Bao Shu, Wang Ming Yue, and Rong Xin’s.


 “The other side seems to be an experienced veteran, this price reduction is quite to the standard. It gives a feeling of being a lot, but actually is not that much.” Wang Ming Yue had been observing the situation.


 “But so what?”


 “The year Gu market of the whole of treasure yellow heaven is extremely big, how can you supply to the buyers of the whole five regions by yourself? In the end, the one to suffer will be yourself. We can clearly sell at a higher price.”


 The three main sellers maintained their price, but several days later, they could not sit still!


 “What’s going on? This guy has so many year Gu? It almost seems to be endless.”


 “How could he accumulate so many year Gu? Something’s wrong here.”


 The moods of the three main sellers had become slightly heavy.


 But should they follow and reduce their price? They were hesitant.


 In the end, they had different mentalities.


 Fang Yuan was a newcomer, however much he earned would be fresh income. But these three main sellers were old veterans, and had a rough estimation of their profits every year.


 So if they were to reduce the price, their expected profits would decrease.


 Hesitation was natural.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan’s sales were still going on fiercely, the three main sellers saw the situation was going in an unfavorable direction, Wang Ming Yue was the first to discuss with the other two if they should also reduce the price.


 Xie Bao Shu had a cold expression: “Looking at this situation, this guy probably has enough stock. If we don’t reduce our price, we simply won’t be able to sell.”


 “That’s right.” Wang Ming Yue added, “This person’s methods are not simple, he reduced the price just enough to suppress us three.”


 Rong Xin snorted: “Whether we lose profits or not, it will have to be seen after selling all the year Gu. If we decreased the price too much, even if we sell a lot, we will still lose massive profits overall, what is the point of that?”


 He did not approve of this method, still wanting to wait patiently for a while more.


 There was no other way, he did not have much stock. If he reduced the price, there would be a lot of buyers and his goods would be all sold, when others learned he was out of stock so early, his image and reputation would be damaged.


 But he could not do anything about it, since the other two wanted to reduce the price, Rong Xin could only follow them.



***
Chapter 1454 - Commotion in Treasure Yellow Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The price fell!


 As Fang Yuan’s price fell, Xie Bao Shu and the other sellers had to lower their prices too after a few days.


 However, they did not lower their prices much, they were in sync — at the same price as Fang Yuan.


 “I am a newcomer in the year Gu business, my identity is mysterious and unknown, compared to me, Xie Bao Shu, Rong Xin, and Wang Ming Yue are reputed figures with many years of experience, they are deeply trusted. Thus, as long as they lower their prices to match me, those who want to buy year Gu will approach them instead.”


 Fang Yuan knew deeply about the plan of Xie Bao Shu and the rest.


 This was the advantage that Xie Bao Shu and the rest had over Fang Yuan, their years of being in the business had deeply affected the buyers, it was not a joke.


 “However... so what if they do this?” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 On the day Xie Bao Shu and the rest lowered their prices, Fang Yuan lowered his price again.


 The Gu Immortals in treasure yellow heaven were focusing on this huge price war, the moment Fang Yuan lowered his price, news spread rapidly, before long, many of the forces and Gu Immortals concerned about this matter learned about it.


 “After hearing that Xie Bao Shu lowered his price, I wanted to buy from him. After all, I do that every year.”


 “True, except I prefer Rong Xin’s goods.”


 “But that fourth seller lowered his price again, he is truly rich, he wants to challenge the three main sellers.”


 The buyers were overjoyed and relaxed, in this price war, they were the ones who benefited the most.


 Staying on the fence and watching this show, it was a very joyful thing to see.


 At the same price level, Fang Yuan was not their match, but the moment he lowered his prices, his advantage became huge.


 After all, Fang Yuan’s goods were very high quality and cheap, would those Gu Immortals be so stupid as to buy expensive goods instead?


 Thus for the following day, Fang Yuan’s business was booming, the other three sellers had no business.


 After hearing this, Central Continent Gu Immortal Rong Xin laughed, coldly of course.


 He spoke with the other two: “Very interesting, this person really wants to challenge us to a price war.”


 Wang Ming Yue smiled: “All these years, nobody could match our status. This time, I want to see how strong this person is.”


 Xie Bao Shu added: “Then let us lower our prices too.”


 There was nothing to say, since Fang Yuan reduced his prices, the other three sellers followed, their price was the same as Fang Yuan’s year Gu.


 They had hesitated earlier already. Since Fang Yuan was initiating the ‘war’, the three Gu Immortals were confident in their finances, they followed relentlessly.


 During the second price reduction.


 There was a small commotion in treasure yellow heaven.


 The rest of the Gu Immortals started to get excited, because they knew that this was only the second price fall, the war had just started, there was going to be a third and fourth time later.


 “But it will depend on the mysterious fourth seller on when he reduces his price again.”


 “Any price reduction is a fall in profits for the seller himself. Earlier, the fourth seller initiated the war, while the three main sellers have no fear in joining in, they had full confidence in themselves.”


 “That’s right, the third reduction might be coming soon, but we do not know when.”


 The Gu Immortals conversed among each other.


 Normally speaking, it was very common to reduce prices in such situations, but there was an interval between each reduction.


 Because the seller needs to observe the market and think about the decisions to make.


 Reducing the price was a double-edged sword, it could undercut the competitors, but it would harm one’s own benefits.


 If the seller saw good prospects in the market, they might not reduce prices anymore. They needed to defend their own benefits, if they reduce the prices further, even if they increase the quantity sold, they would not earn much profits, after all, competitors would reduce prices too.


 If the sellers refuse to give in and constantly reduce prices, competing without restraint, they would collapse together.


 There were basically no Gu Immortals who would do this and ruin the market for everyone.


 The sellers were not stupid, they wanted to earn profits, if they only cared about competition and disregarded profits, why would they sell anything?


 Sellers were smart, but buyers were intelligent too.


 After the three sellers reduced their price to Fang Yuan’s level, they stopped buying, the sales of year Gu became very ‘pathetic’. Because the most crucial person in this price war was Fang Yuan.


 And the moment Fang Yuan reduced his price, they would buy a bit.


 Why?


 Firstly, in terms of prices, Fang Yuan selling at a lower price would be more beneficial to them. Of course, they were encouraging him to continue competing with the three sellers and reduce prices. Eventually, Fang Yuan will be unable to endure it, because the one to lower the prices will suffer losses. But after the prices reach the lower limit, the buyers would benefit the most.


 If the four sellers end up at the same price, they would not buy the year Gu from Fang Yuan.


 A price war made good use of such psychological tactics.


 After the second price reduction, the four sellers reached the same price again. Fang Yuan’s actions were out of expectations, he was paying close attention to treasure yellow heaven, the moment the three sellers reduced their price, he reacted and reduced his own price again.


 “Hmm?!” Many people were astonished, Fang Yuan’s reaction was simply too fast.


 And from his speed, many people could sense his firm and determined attitude.


 “He is well prepared for this.” Rong Xin sighed, he felt a little pressure as he had the least stock among the sellers.


 Towards the later stages of this price war, when the commodity prices are low, sales would boom. By then, if he had low stock, it would be very awkward.


 There are buyers but no goods?


 Not only would he be out of the game, buyers would think of him as unreliable, his reputation accumulated over the years would be ruined.


 Rong Xin did not want that to happen.


 He asked others to refine year Gu at full speed to replenish his stock while thinking if he should reduce prices again.


 More specifically, if he should reduce the price until his competitors could not and dare not try to follow him, because it would result in major losses.


 But he would not lower prices by too much, buyers must continue to think that they could continue watching without doing anything.


 In that case, as long as he had enough time, Rong Xin could replenish his stocks and win at the final moments of the price war.


 “However, in this case, if I reduce prices drastically, the other two parties will know that I do not have much stock now.” Rong Xin was very hesitant.


 Since he could think of this to alleviate his crisis, the other two parties were also experienced sellers, they could naturally deduce his current situation.


 Deductions were not hard to do.


 People with experience were sensitive to such changes.


 That way, if Rong Xin did this, he would be exposing his weakness, he would likely get kicked out of the game earlier.


 Thus, not only was he hesitant, he had a headache.


 A huge headache.


 Because he needed to think about the buyer and seller mentality while also paying attention to his competitors.


 Right when he was hesitant and indecisive, Xie Bao Shu and Wang Ming Yue lowered their prices again.


 The price fell like earlier, maintained at the same level as Fang Yuan.


 They had sufficient stock, especially Wang Ming Yue, they were not anxious. Since Fang Yuan wanted to compete and reduce prices, they would follow. After all, they would gain the market share if prices were equal, they had a huge advantage.


 This was the third drop in prices.


 After hearing news, Fang Yuan laughed heartily as cold light shone in his eyes: “In that case, I will speed things up.”


 This time, he lowered prices again. And this fall was drastic, far beyond the earlier rounds.


 This time, there was a huge commotion in treasure yellow heaven!


 The buyers were excited, this was the result that they wanted, they had waited so long for this victorious moment.


 “It fell by this much?!” Xie Bao Shu had a solemn expression, he could feel Fang Yuan’s overpowering attitude. If the earlier few rounds were light punches, this was a heavy kick.


 But Xie Bao Shu had to react to it.


 If not, he would be kicked out of this war.


 Buyers had no loyalty after all, price wars were very cruel.


 Xie Bao Shu was the first to lower prices, followed by Wang Ming Yue as they reached the same prices again.


 Rong Xin had a huge headache!


 He had wanted to drop his prices drastically earlier, but in his moment of hesitation, the opponent acted before he did anything.


 This way, not only would his earlier plans be ruined, if he wanted to go ahead with it, he would need to reduce his prices even further.


 But that would be a dangerous price, because if it becomes lower than the usual year Gu sale price of previous years, the buyers would start buying enthusiastically.


 “Or maybe that mysterious seller has little stock? He has the same plan as me?” Rong Xin had his final bit of hope.


 He was the last to reduce his price, following the other three.


 “They all lowered their prices. Hahaha.” The buyers were very happy, but the happiest part had yet to come.


 When Rong Xin lowered his price, Fang Yuan continued to lower his year Gu price again.


 And this time, it was even larger than before.


 Treasure yellow heaven was in a commotion!


 The three sellers were shocked!


 “This fellow... this will be a tough one...” Xie Bao Shu had a grim expression, he was originally relaxed and cool, he acted casually and without emotions, but now he could not contain himself anymore.


 Fang Yuan reduced the prices and shrunk the profits of the year Gu business, for the three sellers, if they followed, they would suffer great loss of profits!


 “He is going all-out.” Wang Ming Yue was tongue-tied, she had a chilly feeling.


 She had not felt this for a long time already.



***
Chapter 1455 - Victor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rong Xin’s lingering bit of hope was smashed!


 Because he knew that the other party was not like him, they had ample stock and this price would definitely create a huge commotion in the sale of year Gu this time round.


 “I lost this time.” Rong Xin smiled bitterly, he had no choice but to give up due to his low quantity.


 Forget about excuses, losses were often justified with reasoning, but people in this world did not care about reasons, they did not need your excuses!


 They only cared about victory or loss.


 Like what Rong Xin expected, after Fang Yuan lowered his price, there was a huge wave of commotion and purchases.


 Many buyers started to purchase year Gu.


 Such a cheap price was rarely seen. If they did not make use of this chance, how could they?


 Huge transactions were ongoing, Fang Yuan was raking in huge profits!


 But the other three parties did not follow him.


 Xie Bao Shu and Wang Ming Yue were hesitant.


 Earlier, Rong Xin hesitated, it was now their turn.
