

 If they followed Fang Yuan and lowered their prices too, their year Gu would be sold rapidly as well. But if they did that, the profits would become too small. It would be far from their original expectations.


 But if they did not follow him, Fang Yuan would steal their business away, what should they do?


 The key to this was how much stock Fang Yuan had left.


 If Fang Yuan had excessive stock, Xie Bao Shu and the rest would need to follow him. The market was only this big, there was only a limited amount of demand, the more Fang Yuan sold, the less they would sell.


 But if Fang Yuan had insufficient stock, Xie Bao Shu and the rest would not need to lower prices, they just need to wait. After he finishes his stock, they would be able to sell at a higher price later, their profits would be retained. They would win this fight after all.


 Thus, Xie Bao Shu and the rest started to think, who was this Fang Yuan exactly!


 Was he a man or a woman?


 Was he part of a force? Or an individual?


 Why was there no information about him earlier? Why did he appear out of nowhere?!


 They could not understand.


 He appeared too suddenly.


 Actually, other than the three of them, the year Gu market had other smaller sellers. But these people were quickly eliminated by them, because they could not be the seller now.


 “Right now, those small business owners probably have pale expressions while watching this intense price war.” Thinking of this, Rong Xin’s mood became slightly better. He was unlucky and would likely be the first person out of this race, but there were even more unlucky people besides him, it made him feel a little better in comparison.


 But he was just consoling himself.


 It could not affect the reality of things.


 No matter how they thought about it, the three sellers could not decipher Fang Yuan’s background.


 To play safe, Xie Bao Shu and Wang Ming Yue decided to follow after Fang Yuan and reduce prices too, until they match him.


 But Rong Xin did not follow them.


 “It seems that Rong Xin thinks the seller does not have much stock.” Xie Bao Shu thought.


 But he did not know that Rong Xin was out of options.


 He had little stock, if he reduced prices by that much, the heated sales would deplete his stock, he would be out of the competition. He would rather keep his prices and take a gamble.


 If Fang Yuan had little stock, he would win and continue to stay in this.


 If not, he would lose, but that was no different from lowering prices anyway.


 Xie Bao Shu did not know about Rong Xin’s problem, he felt that he was gambling on Fang Yuan not having enough year Gu.


 But Xie Bao Shu had a stable mindset, he wanted to follow because that was the safest option.


 As for Wang Ming Yue, after some consideration, she also made the same choice as Xie Bao Shu.


 But with her woman’s intuition, she had more suspicions.


 She thought: “Why did Rong Xin not lower his price? Is he making a gamble, or does he know the other party’s background, or does he have any evidence or news about it?”


 If Rong Xin knew about Fang Yuan’s background, it was possible that he would not tell the two of them about it.


 He was sitting on the fence and watching, this was advantageous to Rong Xin.


 Thus, Wang Ming Yue contacted Rong Xin and tried to probe him.


 Rong Xin received Wang Ming Yue’s transmission and felt helpless about it, he felt some sympathy towards her. Overall, he had a complex emotion now.


 Thus, the current situation was: Fang Yuan, Xie Bao Shu, and Wang Ming Yue had the same price, while Rong Xin’s price was higher than them.


 At this time, large numbers of Gu Immortals started to buy year Gu, or started to prepare to buy them.


 Everyone was moved.


 This price was lower than ever before, it was an alluring price.


 Wait for an even lower price?


 The buyers shook their heads, it could not go much lower anymore, the buyers were smart, but the sellers were not stupid either.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan lowered his price again, everyone was stunned.


 “Did I hear wrongly? They lowered the price again? And by such a huge amount?!”


 “Oh my, what is going on?”


 “Is this new seller stupid?”


 The buyers were in disbelief.


 “I do not care if he is stupid or has other objectives, I know that his year Gu are genuine products, and he is selling at this price indeed. If I do not buy now, I will be the fool!”


 A Gu Immortal cried out in his mind.


 But others were like this too.


 A huge amount of Gu Immortal divine senses or wills surrounded Fang Yuan’s stall.


 The heated scene was unprecedented!


 Buy, buy, buy!


 The Gu Immortals were filled with this thought.


 It had never been this cheap before, if they wait until that fool realizes his prices are too low, it would be too late.


 The buyers felt a strong sense of urgency.


 “What is this person doing?!” After seeing this, Xie Bao Shu lost his cool.


 If he followed this price, his profits would be reduced to just a sliver.


 For example, in previous years, if a year Gu could earn a hundred each, if he follows Fang Yuan’s price, he would only get single digit profits per Gu.


 Why did he spend so much effort on growing vicissitude trees? Wasn’t it to nurture year Gu and earn profits?


 If he reduced his prices to Fang Yuan’s level, his profits would be gone!


 This price was way below his bottom line, if he had to sell at this price, he would rather keep the goods.


 “But...” Xie Bao Shu frowned, he fell into deep contemplation.


 At the same time, Wang Ming Yue was worried.


 Her situation was the same as Xie Bao Shu, if she followed Fang Yuan, her profits would be unacceptable.


 But should she stop selling?


 It was not so simple!


 If they did not follow and Fang Yuan’s stock was huge, the market in treasure yellow heaven would be completely taken over by Fang Yuan.


 There was another possibility, Fang Yuan was purposely lowering the price as a tactic.


 It was possible that he had only purposely lowered it this much to probe the other sellers, or to raise his own reputation.


 “If I do not follow, I would be showing weakness, but I can preserve my strength. If I follow him, I would be clashing with that newcomer in a crazy manner.”


 After thinking about it for a while, Wang Ming Yue decided to follow him.


 But at this time, Xie Bao Shu had already stopped.


 The sale price of the year Gu in the market was lowest at Fang Yuan and Wang Ming Yue, followed by Xie Bao Shu and Rong Xin at the highest.


 Evidently, nobody was buying from those two shops. Most of the buyers were at Fang Yuan’s and Wang Ming Yue’s shops.


 Xie Bao Shu was observing the situation. He needed to know if Fang Yuan was putting up a front or if he really had the foundation.


 Wang Ming Yue was very nervous, because this sale price was losing her a lot of profits. And among the three sellers, she was the only one left.


 Rong Xin became the most relaxed person, he was watching them fight.


 “It is about time to deal the final blow.” Fang Yuan was very calm.


 At this point, he had probed the bottom line of these three sellers, even though Wang Ming Yue was still contesting with him, according to the usual market situation, the three sellers were about the same level, even if Wang Ming Yue was superior, it was not by much.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan lowered his price again.


 But this time, he only reduced it by a tiny little bit.


 However, this small drop in price was like a sharp blade stabbing into the three sellers’ hearts.


 “This?!” Rong Xin turned pale.


 Xie Bao Shu squinted with a dark expression on his face.


 Wang Ming Yue clenched her fists, she gritted her teeth and said in shock: “Why? Why go this far?”


 Fang Yuan’s drop in price was small, but very fatal, it was lower than the cost price of these three sellers.


 Since year Gu was being sold, there were costs involved in obtaining them.


 Rong Xin needed Gu materials, he spent immortal essence to refine them using Gu refinement methods. Xie Bao Shu had vicissitude trees, he also needed manpower and resources. Even though Wang Ming Yue could capture year Gu from the tributary of the River of Time, the method used required immortal essences, and funds were needed to manage the tributary of the River of Time.


 Selling below the cost price, that would be a true loss.


 This was a move usually done by those who had a surplus of stock and could not sell them, or if they had an urgent need for funds, this was a desperate choice.


 If one did this in a price war, the competitors might be fine, but the person themselves would suffer a major loss first.


 This was too harsh, it was harsh to others, and also harsh to themselves.


 Wang Ming Yue was shocked, she did not dare to follow him.


 She would be an idiot if she did!


 This was year Gu, the Gu was actually sold at a loss, what did that mean?


 The buyers were shocked too.


 This price was out of their imaginations, they were tongue-tied, completely in disbelief.


 But soon, the Gu Immortals present reacted.


 Treasure yellow heaven was in a huge commotion!


 Countless Gu Immortals surrounded Fang Yuan’s stall tightly, the situation was completely chaotic and heated.


 This was no longer about buying.


 They were earning profits.


 Buying year Gu at this price, according to usual market prices, they were buying it at a profit.


 Countless transactions were undergoing, even those who already bought year Gu came back and purchased from Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan’s business was unthinkably booming, the other three sellers were completely ousted, they were in pathetic states.


 But at this time, the three sellers stopped being anxious.


 “Who is this newcomer? He is so fierce in his moves, but I am afraid he has messed up now. Hehe.”


 “Observe! I will observe.”


 “I refuse to believe that he can maintain the price of the year Gu at this low level.”


 The three sellers were waiting, for the time when Fang Yuan’s losses became too severe.


 But Fang Yuan could go on endlessly.


 Because he was using rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water, the cost behind the production of year Gu was merely his immortal essence used to activate the rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s production had costs of course. But his cost was far lower, compared to the three sellers, if their cost price was ten, his was only three or four.


 Anyone could sell year Gu, the quality of the goods was similar in most cases, the competition here was really only dependent on their cost.


 Fang Yuan sold at this price, but he could still earn profits, while the three sellers would sell at a loss. They were unable to sell, but Fang Yuan could dump his stock, the victor of this price war was decided from the start, it was undoubtedly Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 1456 - Good News Upon Good News


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It is finally over, this price war was truly interesting!” Zhao Lian Yun sighed internally.


 The sale of year Gu ended in Fang Yuan’s victory. Many Gu Immortals were shocked by the results.


 Such situations were rare, the newcomer actually defeated three seniors in this market.


 Most of the people were originally thinking that the newcomer was a wolf while the three sellers were tigers and lions. But in the end, the newcomer was not a wolf but a dragon. The three sellers were not his match, they lost terribly and could not sell their year Gu.


 For the following period, this year Gu competition’s influence will continue to spread, it will become a tale for people to talk about, Gu Immortals would reminiscence over it.


 Zhao Lian Yun started to think about this price war.


 She wanted to gain knowledge from this price war, so as to learn something useful for herself.


 “Then, why did the newcomer win in this battle while the long time sellers lost?” Zhao Lian Yun asked herself.


 Next, she answered herself: “Because the newcomer has great strength, even if the three sellers worked together, they were not his (her) match.”


 “Using absolute strength to sweep the market?” Zhao Lian Yun was slightly dazed before smiling bitterly.


 She wanted to learn how to enter the market as a newcomer.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s method seemed ingenious and meticulous, he had unparalleled strength to sweep the market and suppress all his competitors, Zhao Lian Yun could learn nothing from him.


 Because he used absolute strength!


 “Since the newcomer has such strength, why did he not reduce the price from the start?” Zhao Lian Yun asked herself, she felt like Fang Yuan’s actions were a bit pointless.


 But soon, when she thought again, realization flashed across her eyes.


 “I understand.”


 “Starting at a high price and gradually reducing it can earn more profits than dropping the prices immediately, he can also probe the three sellers’ bottom lines. Finally, he is trying to assert dominance.”


 The thoughts in Zhao Lian Yun’s mind clashed continuously.


 “After this competition ended, the newcomer won. It was no surprise he won with such strength, but he is definitely not satisfied with just one win.”


 “The newcomer wants to dominate treasure yellow heaven’s market, not only does he want to defeat the three sellers, he wants to drive these people out of the market.”


 “This person is so overbearing...”


 “Sigh, when can I possess such strength too?”


 Zhao Lian Yun thought of this and sighed deeply to herself.


 She had just started managing an immortal aperture, she was very far from Fang Yuan’s level of development.


 No matter what, she had already etched Fang Yuan’s fatty will to her mind. Zhao Lian Yun saw him as a mountain, she who had just become a Gu Immortal could only watch and admire him.


 Rong Xin, Wang Ming Yue, and Xie Bao Shu were discussing among themselves.


 “Sigh, where did this person come from? They have such great strength, able to satisfy the entire market in treasure yellow heaven alone, our year Gu are literally unsellable now!” Wang Ming Yue sighed.


 “It is not so simple, he is trying to get rid of us entirely!” Xie Bao Shu was pale, his voice was turning shrill.


 “Brother Xie is right, this person is selling year Gu at such a low price, for the next few years, the market for year Gu will shrink immensely. No matter who it is, they are going overboard. Not only did they take the bulk of the profit, they also refuse to leave us any leftovers.” Rong Xin had a grim expression.


 The three sellers had year Gu, but they could not sell any.


 Year Gu was needed by everyone, Fang Yuan supplied this huge quantity, it caused a tremendous amount of sales, but these three could not get rid of any of their stock.


 Since year Gu were easy to raise, they only fed on the water of the River of Time, it was not hard to accumulate them at all.


 This way, not just now, for the next few years, the three sellers would not be able to sell their year Gu.


 And for the buyers, since they had year Gu themselves, why would they buy more? Unless the price was even lower, they might want to accumulate a bit more.


 But the three sellers could naturally not sell their year Gu at Fang Yuan’s price.


 The three sellers stored their year Gu up for now.


 But what was the use of that?


 After two to three years, when the market regains its demand for year Gu after fully digesting Fang Yuan’s sales, the price of year Gu will rise again.


 By then, the three sellers would be able to sell it, but Fang Yuan could do the same.


 If he did the same thing again, the three sellers would not be able to sell off their year Gu once more.


 This was strength!


 With such a difference in strength, no plots or schemes could work.


 Fang Yuan was a very intelligent person, but this time, he acted straightforwardly, it was most effective to directly crush them.


 The three sellers became quiet after a while of discussion.


 The atmosphere was very heavy.


 Because they knew clearly that as long as Fang Yuan had this strength, they would not have an easy time in the future. Even though the sale of year Gu would not disappear, their profits from this business would shrink drastically, they would need to give up on the market in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Right now, we can only hope that this person is putting up a front, that his actions were all just to scare us off.” Wang Ming Yue smiled bitterly and broke the silence.


 The other two immortals shook their heads.


 This was very unlikely.


 “We can work together.” Rong Xin said quickly.


 This was a solution.


 In the past, the three of them fought and competed, only after a while did they set an agreement to work together and gain profits together for a long time.


 “But how can we cooperate with him? The difference in strength is apparent.” Wang Ming Yue sighed.


 Xie Bao Shu analyzed calmly: “That will depend on our ability. If year Gu cannot convince him, we will need to discuss other things.”


 “What if he does not agree?” Wang Ming Yue asked again.


 Xie Bao Shu was silent.


 Rong Xin sighed bitterly: “If he does not agree and wants us out of the business, we can only give up on the year Gu business.”


 There was nothing that could be done about it.


 Competition was cruel.


 Fang Yuan’s strength made it impossible for the three sellers, they could only give up on year Gu.


 But how could they give up so easily?


 The profit of the year Gu business was sustaining them and the super forces behind them, now that it was destroyed, who could handle the outcome?


 “No! I cannot give up on the year Gu business!!” Xie Bao Shu gritted his teeth, he was a lone cultivator, he had been relying on year Gu to support his cultivation and connections to others.


 With this loss, it was a detrimental blow to him.


 Wang Ming Yue’s situation was slightly better than Xie Bao Shu, she was once a lone immortal, she had turned over to the righteous path and joined a super force.


 Even if there were no profits here, it was not her responsibility. On the other hand, she could rely on her husband and the clan behind them.


 Rong Xin had the smallest pressure.


 Because he was also a member of a super force, it was a Central Continent super force with deep foundations.


 And most importantly, he obtained year Gu from refining Gu. If he did not need year Gu, he could just stop refining it. It was easy for him to change businesses.


 “Cooperate with me?” Fang Yuan soon received their transmissions, he sneered.


 Why would he cooperate?


 He could easily devour the market alone, why would he hand over the profits to them?


 Fang Yuan rejected them immediately.


 Twelve million immortal essence stones!


 These were Fang Yuan’s gains in the price war.


 Even though his price was low, the quantity sold was too immense, he still accumulated a huge sum.


 “When I drive these three sellers out of the market, I will be able to raise prices slightly.”


 “But for the next few years, the three sellers will likely still stay in here.”


 Fang Yuan evaluated.


 On one hand, they were unwilling to give up, on the other hand, they wanted to probe Fang Yuan’s foundation and see if he was scamming them.


 And finally, even though treasure yellow heaven’s market was taken by Fang Yuan, not everyone bought things from treasure yellow heaven.


 For example, Wang Ming Yue’s super force behind her would buy a huge portion of her year Gu. Other than that, there were many forces which would buy their year Gu even if prices were higher to maintain relationships.


 Of course, as long as Fang Yuan continued to dominate the market of treasure yellow heaven using such methods, in five to six years, these three sellers would have an even harder time. After all, the prices were too low, even with their deep relationships, buyers would want to buy from Fang Yuan.


 In the entire Gu Immortal world’s market, treasure yellow heaven was a huge proportion of it.


 From now on, Fang Yuan only needed to dominate treasure yellow heaven, he would eventually influence the other markets and become the biggest seller of the year Gu business in the entire Gu Immortal world. As for the others, even if they could do some year Gu business, they could not compare to him.


 “After repaying my debts, I still have ten million immortal essence stones left. But for the next two to three years, this way of getting profits cannot be used.”


 While Fang Yuan was thinking of how to use these immortal essence stones to manage his immortal aperture, Sixth Hair approached him.


 He gave Fang Yuan some excellent news —


 “Elder Fang Yuan, the food path Immortal Gu that you wanted me to refine has been created!”



***
Chapter 1457 - Food Path Immortal Gu Snack


***





 Chapter 1457: Food Path Immortal Gu Snack


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A small food path Immortal Gu was in the center of Fang Yuan’s palm.


 It was green throughout, about the size of an adult’s thumb, but its body was split into six segments like a caterpillar.


 And on its forehead, there was a silver horn.


 At this moment, it was lying around in Fang Yuan’s palm, rolling around according to Fang Yuan’s will, it had been refined already.


 When refinement path Gu Immortals successfully refine Immortal Gu, in most situations, the Immortal Gu would have already been refined by them. That meant Sixth Hair was the owner of this food path Immortal Gu.


 But due to Sixth Hair handing it over to him, Fang Yuan could easily refine this food path Immortal Gu compared to wild Immortal Gu.


 Rank six food path Immortal Gu — Snack.


 This was one of the Gu that Fang Yuan wanted Lang Ya Sect to refine.


 After inheriting Purple Mountain True Monarch’s inheritance, he had requested Lang Ya Sect to refine three Immortal Gu for him.


 And right now, they had already been completed, they were rank seven Immortal Gu Self Love, rank six Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul, and rank six Immortal Gu Snack.


 These three Immortal Gu were needed by Fang Yuan urgently.


 Self love Immortal Gu was very useful, it was the core of self cleansing, it was necessary to him. Fang Yuan could get away from Heavenly Court’s investigative methods due to it.


 Even though cleanse soul Immortal Gu was rank six, the difficulty of refining it was the biggest among the three. But after refining it, Fang Yuan solved the soul path trap on the eight arm immortal zombie body, he could use the light of wisdom once again. It was incredibly useful to him.


 As for snack Immortal Gu, it was a food path Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan needed it to solve the problem of feeding his Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu recipe of snack Immortal Gu came from Shadow Sect. The source was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, in his life, he had killed the beastman Gu Immortal and obtained his food path true inheritance.


 That beastman Gu Immortal was the legendary figure who created food path.


 Seniors pave the way for juniors, the food path true inheritance in Fang Yuan’s hands was the most authentic one in the world.


 After injecting red date immortal essence, snack Immortal Gu’s caterpillar body shook like it had gotten drunk, its lower half sprawled out on Fang Yuan’s palm while the upper half stood up and shook its head.


 In the process, its green body turned red, until it turned into a lava-like color.


 At the same time, its slim body became thicker gradually.


 Plop.


 Eventually, it spat out a large amount of sticky yellowish liquid from its mouth, before it shriveled and shrunk until it was smaller than normal. Its body also turned from red to pale white, like it had been weakened.


 With the food path true inheritance, Fang Yuan knew clearly that snack Immortal Gu had a restricted usage, after each usage, it needed time to heal before it could be used again. If Fang Yuan used it continuously beyond its limits, it would spit out a large amount of yellowish water before dying rapidly.


 Only when it recovers and its leaves turn green again could it be activated once more.


 Fang Yuan placed snack Immortal Gu into his immortal aperture before turning his attention to the yellowish liquid.


 This liquid was very special, it floated in the air and did not land, it shrunk into a small ball.


 It was like an egg that has the white and yolk mixed together.


 This yellowish liquid was what Fang Yuan wanted to get.


 With it, he could feed his Immortal Gu in place of a portion of the food they needed.


 For other rank six Immortal Gu, this yellowish liquid could make up six percent of their food (the effect was weaker for rank seven Immortal Gu). Six percent seemed little, but snack Immortal Gu could be used again in a few days, it would squirt out another glob of yellowish liquid.


 If he accumulated it, it would be very helpful towards the feeding of his Immortal Gu.


 Of course, there was a limit to the amount of yellowish liquid that he could use.


 It could replace a maximum of forty percent of the Immortal Gu’s food, beyond that, it would not have any effect.


 Fang Yuan took out an Immortal Gu as it quickly devoured the yellowish liquid.


 The test was completed perfectly.


 Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction while sighing internally.


 He had wanted food path methods long ago, because since rebirth, he had many Immortal Gu with him, he had a huge burden of feeding them. Before now, Fang Yuan had been very busy in feeding his Immortal Gu.


 “To think that I would obtain a food path true inheritance from my great enemy Shadow Sect. And it is actually the best food path true inheritance in the world!”


 “And the process of refining snack Immortal Gu was much easier than Cleanse Soul and Self Love.”


 The refinement of Immortal Gu was really hard to estimate.


 In order to refine Cleanse Soul, Fang Yuan failed many times, but when refining snack Immortal Gu, he only made five attempts.


 Success on the fifth try was a huge surprise.


 With this snack Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s pressure of feeding Immortal Gu was much smaller, by reducing the food of rank six Immortal Gu by forty percent and replacing it with immortal essence. Even though the effect was weaker on rank seven and eight Immortal Gu, his burden was much lighter now.


 After all, Fang Yuan had a huge number of Immortal Gu with him now.


 Snack Immortal Gu held huge value to him.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan successfully bought a batch of desolate plants from treasure yellow heaven.


 This batch of desolate plants was a thin layer of green fungal lawn, it lived on the surface of multicolored coral groups.


 It was light shine fungi.


 Light shine fungi lived deep in Eastern Sea, it was pure darkness there without any light.


 Due to the profundities of nature, the light shine fungi grew in that area and emitted an intense light, turning the dark sea into a shining area, like it was daytime.


 Fang Yuan had once tried to buy a batch in the Eastern Sea auction, but back then, Tong Hua only wanted to trade them.


 Afterwards, she sold them in treasure yellow heaven, and after some evaluation, the price got lower and lower.


 Initially, the Gu Immortals were very interested in this desolate plant.


 But afterwards, the buyers found out that this desolate plant was most suited to live in the completely dark deep sea. There was immense water pressure at that depth as well.


 After leaving this environment, even though the light shine fungi would not die, they would shrivel and emit a weak candle-like light.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan negotiated with Tong Hua and bought all the light shine fungi that she had at the lowest price possible.


 Fang Yuan first placed a portion into his immortal aperture’s Mini Eastern Sea to nurture them.


 Next, he experimented on the remaining amount.


 He needed to modify this desolate plant so that it would change its characteristics and be usable to him.


 Fang Yuan’s wood path attainment level was ordinary, but he was very confident.


 On one hand, he had too many methods, Shadow Sect’s inheritances along with Lang Ya Sect’s true inheritances gave him a large number of modification methods, among which involved wood path, soul path, refinement path, and others.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan had the ultimate trump card, the light of wisdom. Even if these methods were not useful, he could deduce his own way.



***
Chapter 1458 - Light Shine Fungi Business


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the vast Eastern Sea, waves were rumbling.


 Wind and waves swept towards a nameless island, it was not dusk yet, but the sky was already dark.


 Tong Hua flew as she raised her head, seeing the dark clouds looming over her in the sky, she sensed that a storm was brewing.


 She was feeling vexed, but her expression was calm, she quickly flew above the nameless island as she saw one person standing at the highest part of the island, looking at the sea and sky.


 “I have kept you waiting.” Tong Hua landed towards the Gu Immortal as she bowed.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal turned around and revealed his appearance.


 He was an elderly man with a tall nose and thin eyes, he was smiling now as he said calmly: “No worries. Fairy Tong Hua, I need to congratulate you, I heard that you sold all of your light shine fungi in treasure yellow heaven.”


 This elderly Gu Immortal was an Eastern Sea rank seven enslavement path Gu Immortal, Ren Xiu Ping.


 Fairy Tong Hua nodded as she handed Ren Xiu Ping a large amount of immortal essence stones.


 Ren Xiu Ping inspected it before hesitating purposely: “Fairy, if I counted correctly, the sum is a little lacking.”


 Fairy Tong Hua had a grim expression, she nodded: “I will return you most of it first, I will repay the rest at a later time.”


 Ren Xiu Ping nodded: “Very wise. According to our agreement, the lower your remaining debt is, the less interest you pay. It seems that you will be able to repay it soon.”


 Fairy Tong Hua snorted: “Of course.”


 She had gone through a tribulation earlier, the rebuilding of her immortal aperture took a lot of funds, she had to borrow. Ren Xiu Ping was one of the lenders, he lent her the most amount of immortal essence stones.


 But her agreement with Ren Xiu Ping was also the strictest one with the highest interest rate.


 Originally, Fairy Tong Hua was in a terrible condition, but to think that Fang Yuan actually bought all of her light shine fungi, she regained some funds.


 Returning most of the debt at once, her crisis was greatly alleviated.


 Fairy Tong Hua had little pressure in returning the rest of the debt including the interest.


 After the transaction, Fairy Tong Hua did not want to stay anymore, she was about to leave when Ren Xiu Ping said: “Fairy, wait.”


 “What matter do you have? If you want to lend more immortal essence stones, forgive me, but I will not borrow any.” Fairy Tong Hua frowned lightly as she said coldly.


 Ren Xiu Ping smiled: “Don’t worry fairy, that is not it. I have an incomplete true inheritance in my hands, it is from a wood path great expert long ago. Don’t you want to modify the light shine fungi? I believe this true inheritance will be of great help to you.”


 Fairy Tong Hua became suspicious: “How did you know that I was modifying the light shine fungi?”


 Ren Xiu Ping chuckled: “You did not conceal this matter, I easily found out about it with some investigation.”


 Fairy Tong Hua had a grim expression, matching the terrible weather.


 Splash splash splash.


 Great winds blew, waves crashed on the shore of the nameless island, creating huge ripples.


 Ren Xiu Ping was right, Tong Hua had invested too much into modifying the light shine fungi, causing her finances to crumble, she was forced to borrow funds to maintain her financial situation.


 If not for that, with her foundation, she could sustain the cost of rebuilding the immortal aperture.


 After a while of silence, Fairy Tong Hua asked: “Which wood path great expert are you referring to?”


 Ren Xiu Ping smiled: “Wood path Gu Immortal Kui Wu Zi, have you heard of him?”


 Fairy Tong Hua was slightly surprised: “He is a wood path great expert indeed with rank eight cultivation level. But in history, he was famous for battle strength, his immortal aperture management was not good.”


 Ren Xiu Ping shook his head, saying in a confident tone: “Fairy, that is not true. You have that impression because Kui Wu Zi’s battle strength was too stunning, it overshadowed his ability to manage the immortal aperture. The truth is, he was quite impressive. Without immortal aperture foundation, battle strength is pointless to some degree. Furthermore, even if his management was not good, he was still a rank eight Gu Immortal, and was from wood path, he is definitely very useful to you, that is undeniable.”


 Tong Hua was moved, she thought: “I had been facing problems with modifying light shine fungi earlier, the reason was not my light path attainment level but wood path instead. If I can get this incomplete true inheritance, it would likely help me in this problem and the modification of the light shine fungi would succeed!”


 Thinking of this, Tong Hua hesitated before asking Ren Xiu Ping: “What is the price of Kui Wu Zi’s true inheritance?”


 Ren Xiu Ping thought ‘the fish has taken the bait’ but he said: “Not high, not high at all.”


 Both sides negotiated but eventually, Fairy Tong Hua bought the true inheritance of Kui Wu Zi from Ren Xiu Ping and left the nameless island.


 The moment she left, a storm started.


 Both the sky and sea were of the same dark murky color.


 Crack.


 A loud thunder and a snake-like lightning flashed across heaven and earth.


 At this instant, the lightning reflected on Ren Xiu Ping’s face.


 He was smiling like his scheme had succeeded.


 “I succeeded.”


 “Tong Hua was deceived by the reputation of Kui Wu Zi, his true inheritance is actually not very helpful to her. Especially after I took out some crucial information from it.”


 “Light shine fungus is a desolate plant, how can it be easy to modify a desolate plant? Especially when Tong Hua cultivates light path instead of wood path, how can she succeed without years of research?”


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense entered his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Immortal killer move — Light Fungus Radiance.


 Fang Yuan activated his immortal killer move, creating a burst of orange-yellow light.


 The orange light shone on the green light shine fungi as it started to transform. The light shine fungi was dyed at a rapid rate, it gradually changed colors from green to pure white.


 A moment later, the immortal killer move was successfully activated, Fang Yuan only saw pure white light shine fungi in front of him.


 The light shine fungi was different from before, instead of wilting, they radiated with strong light.


 Fang Yuan used his investigative methods to check it before nodding in satisfaction.


 “Excellent, the light shine fungus modification was quite successful, I can start a wide scale plantation now.”


 Fang Yuan’s wood path attainment was even lower than Fairy Tong Hua. But he had the light of wisdom to assist his thinking. He also had Shadow Sect’s and Lang Ya Sect’s inheritances, he had a vast amount of foundational knowledge. He also had access to a huge number of Immortal Gu, and could even borrow more.


 Due to many reasons, he managed to create the immortal killer move light fungus radiance.


 This move used perseverance Immortal Gu, self love Immortal Gu and wood sprout Immortal Gu as the cores, with snack Immortal Gu supplementing them, to allow green light shine fungi to transform into pure white light shine fungi, suited for the environment of the sky.


 Among them, wood sprout Immortal Gu was borrowed from Lang Ya Sect. Perseverance and Self Love were Fang Yuan’s to begin with. As for snack Immortal Gu, he had just refined it, it was quite a surprise that it was useful so quickly.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan placed the light shine fungi into Mini Orange Heaven and Mini White Heaven.


 There was a field of aurora lights in Mini Orange Heaven, within the aurora lights were fruits known as flowing light fruits.


 As for Mini White Heaven, there was a field of multicolored overlord flowers.


 After placing the light shine fungi there, the two places started to shine intensely.


 Due to this influence, Mini Orange Heaven’s aurora lights started to expand. Even though the extent was mild, as time passes, this would be a substantial change.


 As for Mini White Heaven, the multicolored overlord flowers also became energized.


 Be it the aurora lights or multicolored overlord flowers, they needed intense lights. The modified pure white light shine fungi could float in the sky, they were very helpful to the areas.


 Fang Yuan was satisfied after inspecting them.


 “As long as these two areas are developed, at this rate, I will be able to satisfy the food requirements of attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu.”


 Fang Yuan had three rank eight Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water consumed the water of the River of Time, there were no issues with its food. Attitude Gu and wisdom sword Immortal Gu were harder to deal with.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been worried about this, and now, he saw hope of finally resolving this.


 “Furthermore, the light shine fungus can reproduce by itself, when the scale of my light shine fungi increases in the future, it will become another business that I can engage in.”


 This was highly possible.


 The pure white light shine fungus that Fang Yuan modified was marketable, it was much better than the original light shine fungus. If he sold it, it would receive much attention and interest.


 Fang Yuan had already planned, he was going to nurture both versions of the light shine fungus. He would place a portion of the green light shine fungi into Mini Eastern Sea, while putting most of his attention on the pure white light shine fungi. After satisfying his own needs, he would sell the rest.


 “Let me count.”


 “To get the light shine fungi into a scale that satisfies my needs, I will need to invest two million immortal essence stones.”


 “To make it into a business and sell it to others, I will need to invest another 1.8 million immortal essence stones.”


 The feeding of rank eight Immortal Gu was too high of a burden.


 In total, he would need four million immortal essence stones. But if he succeeds, he would have a monopoly over this market, it was extremely profitable.


 For the next two to three years, the year Gu market would be oversupplied. Even for the next four to five years, treasure yellow heaven’s market would be very lacking in demand. Because Gu Immortals already had a lot of year Gu stocked up in their inventories.


 Just earlier, Fang Yuan created a huge commotion, the sale of year Gu also affected the market of month Gu and day Gu.


 Fang Yuan wanted to create a new business, light shine fungi was a good choice.


 Of course, the prospects could not match guts Gu. After he sells the modified light shine fungi for some time, people will learn about the details and modify it themselves. Meanwhile, only Dang Hun Mountain could produce guts Gu.


 “Next, I will release the restraints and restore the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time back to normal!”



***
Chapter 1459 - Marriage with Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, northern icy plain.


 A blizzard was blowing, snow was falling above the glacier. Under this glacier, a negotiation filled with heavy atmosphere was underway.


 The two groups of variant humans who lived here in seclusion — the rockmen and snowmen, were engaging in negotiation due to a territorial dispute earlier.


 Right now, this negotiation had been going on for six days and six nights.


 “Moli Region belongs to my rockman tribe, it had been part of our territory since four hundred years ago. This is the bottom line of our rockman tribe, I hope the snowmen can understand us!” Shi Zong spoke loudly, his voice echoed in the room.


 The rockman Gu Immortals who were engaged in the negotiation were extremely stubborn.


 Meanwhile, the snowman Gu Immortals had dark and unsightly expressions.


 The rockman tribe was very firm on this topic, it was an immense pressure on the snowmen.


 Snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan said: “That was the case four hundred years ago. But afterwards, a senior Gu Immortal in our tribe won a bet against you, first supreme elder Shi Zong, and this Moli Region was the wager.”


 Shi Zong waved his hand rapidly: “That was just a joke, it should not be taken for real.”


 Bing Yuan smiled coldly: “An agreement was set back then.”


 Shi Zong had a solemn expression, countering: “Where is the agreement now?”


 Bing Yuan was so angry she could not speak.


 This Shi Zong, not only did he use information path methods to get rid of the agreement, he even denied the bet, as the first supreme elder of the rockman tribe, he was simply too shameless.


 But the snowman Gu Immortals understood why, even though they were furious.


 Because there was just too little territory in this icy plain, after living here for so long, the rockmen and snowmen had propagated beyond the sustainable number for this place.


 Shi Zong was being so shameless to get back Moli Region, it was for the sake of the rockmen, and for their overall benefit.


 But in this case, the snowman tribe’s benefits were infringed.


 Eventually, this difficult negotiation had a result.


 The snowmen lost while the rockmen won, they gained control of Moli Region.


 Immediately, the rockmen ordered the snowmen to leave Moli Region, to hand over the space to the rockman in charge.


 After returning to their territory, rank seven Gu Immortal Bing Zhuo said angrily: “These rockmen are too much, how can they distort facts just because they have the rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon?!”


 Bing Yuan consoled him: “Stay calm Bing Zhuo, haven’t we known about the rockman tribe’s attitude for the last thousand years?”


 The snowmen and rockmen were living together in the northern icy plain, but the rockmen had the advantage over them.


 There was only one reason, the rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon.


 With such powerful strength, the rockmen gained the advantage in many conflicts between the two tribes and defended their own benefits.


 Upon hearing the immemorial rock dragon, Bing Zhuo’s rage faded, he sighed helplessly: “Sigh! Rank eight battle strength, immemorial rock dragon... if we had rank eight battle strength too, we would contest them evenly, that would be great.”


 Bing Yuan was silent for a moment before saying: “It is not impossible to gain rank eight battle strength. I have a plan, if we succeed, the immemorial rock dragon will be nothing compared to it.”


 Bing Zhuo heard this and his eyes shone: “What plan, tell me.”


 “Actually, I have been planning this for some time, at this current moment, we have an opportunity, I will tell you.” Bing Yuan said.


 Bing Zhuo heard this and called out: “You mean Liu Guan Yi, wait no, Fang Yuan?”


 Liu Guan Yi’s true identity, which was Fang Yuan, had been exposed by Heavenly Court long ago to the world. Even though the snowman tribe were isolated, they still learned of such important details.


 “Fang Yuan undoubtedly has rank eight battle strength. He even has the upper extreme heavenly eagle, and we’ve had a relationship for some time, if we let Xue Er be married to him, we would have a marriage connection with him, he will be tied to our tribe. With this, our tribe will no longer be bullied by the rockmen. Furthermore, having a rank eight to defend us will be extremely helpful for our development.” Bing Yuan said.


 Bing Zhuo thought while nodding: “Indeed, Fang Yuan is a human but he has countless enemies, he has also joined Lang Ya Sect, there is no problem with his allegiance. But wait...”


 Bing Zhuo looked at Bing Yuan: “We have a relationship with him? Why do I recall that we only fought him and ambushed him. Even though we made up later, we are far from having an actual relationship.”


 Bing Yuan smiled: “Bing Zhuo, you were in seclusion to modify your killer move earlier, therefore you are unaware. During this period of time, Fang Yuan used all of Lang Ya Sect’s strength to refine Immortal Gu, he met with difficulty in the process and needed the immortal material snow lotus essence. I made the decision to sell a lot of our snow lotus essence to Lang Ya Sect’s Sixth Hair to help him out.”


 “So that’s it.” Bing Zhuo realized, but he soon frowned: “Since it is a transaction, we gained from it too, why did we not just gift him the snow lotus essence?”


 Bing Yuan smiled bitterly: “This matter had many implications, I had no choice but to do that. Firstly, I did not have a strong desire towards the marriage connection, secondly, if we gifted it to him without cost, Fang Yuan is not a stupid person, he might not accept it. Thirdly, if everyone knows about it, the rockman tribe would become suspicious of our intentions.”


 Bing Zhuo nodded and did not speak.


 He understood that rather than a relationship, they had only barely started to build one with him. It was very difficult to have a marriage connection with him.


 Because earlier, when Fang Yuan had the upper extreme heavenly eagle, the snowmen had expressed goodwill to Fang Yuan, but he was extremely cold to them.


 And right now, Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength with the upper extreme heavenly eagle as well, his status had elevated even further. If the snowmen wanted to ally with him through marriage, they were not the ones helping him, they were trying to raise their own status.


 The snowmen did not know that Fang Yuan had lost the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 But Bing Yuan had more confidence than Bing Zhuo, she said: “Don’t worry, my granddaughter has incredible looks and is a Gu Immortal, she is the perfect person to marry. How can the rockmen surpass us in this? We have the advantage.”


 “Even though our marriage connection ends in us relying on him, Fang Yuan can also receive our help, it is beneficial to him. Let alone anything else, we at least have snow lotus essence.”


 “Or rather, even if this plan fails, there are no problems, our relationship with Fang Yuan will not worsen. We can try.”


 This ‘try’ reasoning finally moved Bing Zhuo.


 The latter nodded: “Let’s try it.”


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Swoosh swoosh!


 The water of the River of Time splashed with a grand commotion, reverberating in Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense swept around, after some observation, there were no issues, he retracted his divine sense.


 Using the time path methods from Hei Fan true inheritance, Fang Yuan restored the rate of time in his sovereign immortal aperture back to its original speed.


 The rate of time in the sovereign immortal aperture was very fast, it far surpassed super grade blessed lands.


 In terms of space path, there was more than 335000km2 of space in it.


 In terms of time path, the speed was one-to-sixty compared to the outside world. The ten extreme physique blessed land only had about a one-to-forty rate of time. As for high grade blessed lands, the time was about one-to-thirty, half of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 At the same time, the immortal aperture origin core had a deep foundation, ninety-six immortal essence beads were produced in the immortal aperture each year. In terms of outside time, it was sixteen immortal essence beads per day. Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal now, so he obtained sixteen red date immortal essence beads daily.


 Sixteen red date immortal essence beads, in terms of immortal essence stones, that was sixteen hundred immortal essence stones!


 That was to say, even if Fang Yuan did nothing everyday, his immortal aperture would still produce the equivalent of sixteen hundred immortal essence stones for him daily!


 That was terrifying.


 And in fact, that was not all. When Fang Yuan’s time path dao marks increase, his immortal aperture’s rate of time would accelerate. When his immortal aperture origin core’s foundation becomes deeper, the number of beads of immortal essence produced would increase too.


 At rank eight cultivation level, it would be even more terrifying!


 At the most basic level, sixteen immortal essence beads per day of rank eight white litchi immortal essence would be the equivalent of a hundred and sixty thousand immortal essence stones!


 Fang Yuan managed to earn millions of immortal essence stones from selling year Gu. But when he reaches rank eight cultivation level, he could obtain sixteen million immortal essence stones worth of immortal essence beads every hundred days without doing anything.


 The higher the cultivation level, the deeper the growth in resources. This was not a linear growth, the increment was far greater.


 Of course, that was for Fang Yuan’s case.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was a unique situation in the world. Shadow Sect spent a hundred thousand years to accumulate resources and used it all to refine this Gu, it was understandable why this was so terrifying.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan was forced by heaven’s will and tribulations to reduce his immortal aperture’s rate of time.


 But now, with his surge in battle strength, Fang Yuan was confident in getting past calamities and tribulations, with the immortal killer move exposing heavenly secret created by Old Man Yan Shi, he could obtain the details of calamities and tribulations in advance.


 And together with his own development needs, he had to restore the rate of time.


 In fact, Fang Yuan even planned to use time path methods to further increase the speed.


 “But I need to wait now. The time path methods in Hei Fan’s true inheritance have a cooldown period before I can use them again to influence the tributary of the River of Time.”


 “With my accelerated rate of time, the light shine fungi can reproduce rapidly now, I should place wisdom sword Immortal Gu and attitude Gu outside the immortal aperture.”


 Fang Yuan calculated, at this rate, he would be able to satisfy the feeding of attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu.


 It was about time to feed them.


 But rank eight Immortal Gu were too hard to feed, this problem had been in Fang Yuan’s mind for a long time, and as time passed, his pressure intensified.


 Now that he could settle this problem, Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.



***
Chapter 1460 - Million Man Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court, Soul Suppression Hall.


 Fairy Zi Wei looked at the lump of Spectral Soul’s main body in front of her as she frowned: “Spectral Soul, at this point, can’t you see reality?”


 Spectral Soul did not answer, he was silent like a rock.


 Fairy Zi Wei sneered, she activated her rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Immediately, purple lightning emerged from the chains, as Spectral Soul who was restrained tightly started shaking.


 His memories were forcefully extracted, appearing before Fairy Zi Wei as a multicolored image.


 It was a scene of the past.


 Spectral Soul had yet to become a Demon Venerable, he only had rank seven Gu Immortal cultivation level.


 Luo Po valley.


 Spectral Soul stumbled into Luo Po Valley and fell on the ground.


 Guh.


 He opened his mouth and spit out a mouthful of blood.


 His expression was pale as paper, the situation was terrible, he was near death.


 A figure descended from the sky, he landed and said: “Oh Spectral Soul, you cannot escape, today, you will die.”


 The person had rank eight aura, he had a cold expression, his strength was far higher than Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul barely managed to sit up as he looked at the sky: “I do not understand, this is the first time we are meeting, we have no grudges, why are you paying such a huge price to kill me?”


 The person called out: “Because you will create bloodshed in the world, you will massacre the people of the world and bring disaster to all.”


 Spectral Soul sneered: “You have killed far more people than me, isn’t it laughable for you to say that?”


 The rank eight enemy shook his head: “It is different. You are inherently worse than me.”


 Spectral Soul was silent for a while before saying: “Because I want to create soul path?”


 The rank eight Gu Immortal had a flash of surprise in his eyes, but he recovered quickly and said solemnly: “That’s right, soul path should not be created. In the current world, fate Immortal Gu has been damaged, if soul path is created, the world will change drastically, the dead will not rest in peace, ghosts will roam the world freely.”


 “Hehehe... hahaha.” Spectral Soul laughed: “That’s wonderful, I will definitely create soul path. In the future, countless people will cultivate soul path, let’s change this entire world!”


 He laughed as he stood up, he had recovered to an extent already.


 “With me around, that is wishful thinking!” The person sneered and charged down.


 Spectral Soul raised his hands and a huge formation appeared, trapping the rank eight Gu Immortal inside.


 But the enemy reacted rapidly, he quickly broke the Gu formation.


 “Did you think I did not notice the hidden Gu formation? I purposely came here to talk to you, because I had already unraveled this Gu formation!” The rank eight Gu Immortal charged towards Spectral Soul relentlessly.


 But Spectral Soul was extremely confident, he stood on the spot as the rank eight Gu Immortal came at him.


 He laughed: “You merely unraveled that Gu formation at the surface level, don’t you find this valley unusual?”


 He had just said that when the Gu formation unleashed its full power, the rank eight Gu Immortal was immediately affected as his momentum came to a halt.


 “This is... Luo Po Valley?!” The rank eight Gu Immortal said in shock.


 “That’s right, this secluded domain of heaven and earth is the ultimate sacred land for cultivating soul path. Hehe, it is also your final resting place!” Spectral Soul declared with the tone of a victor.


 “Ah!” The rank eight Gu Immortal screamed, Spectral Soul’s immortal formation used the power of Luo Po Valley, it was akin to a rank nine Gu formation.


 The rank eight Gu Immortal resisted for a while, before he could not take it anymore and died.


 Spectral Soul looked at his feet, towards the corpse of the rank eight Gu Immortal, his hair was messy and his seven orifices were bleeding, but he was still filled with killing intent, he sneered: “Hmph, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, interesting. I, Spectral Soul, swear that I will create soul path in the future, I will let more people cultivate it. Even if I fail and die, there will be an endless number of soul path Gu Immortal experts emerging in the future. Hahahaha!”


 The image vanished.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a dark expression.


 She looked at Spectral Soul’s main body, which was immobilized, she left after staring at him for a short while.


 Even though she extracted Spectral Soul’s memories, they were useless. In fact, it was as if he was replying to her earlier words.


 If it was the latter, it meant that Spectral Soul could still resist Heavenly Court’s soul searching method.


 Even though he could not block the power of Soul Suppression Hall, he could selectively hand certain memories over.


 “That way, it will be a long time before we can get any useful information from him.” Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply in her mind.


 Lang Ya blessed land, Luo Po Valley.


 Fang Yuan was sitting deep in the valley.


 He willed and activated Luo Po formation.


 This formation came from Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, it was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable personally, the foundational Gu worms used for it were a vast number of white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 White lotus giant silkworm Gu was the food of cleanse soul Immortal Gu, it was also created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 After Fang Yuan obtained the Gu recipe, he made Lang Ya Sect refine a huge number of white lotus giant silkworm Gu for him.


 And now, he had cleanse soul Immortal Gu again, not only could he feed it with sufficient white lotus giant silkworm Gu, he could even use them as the foundation of many soul path Gu formations in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 Right now, Luo Po formation was activated, the originally unorganized Luo Po winds and bewilderment fog started to gather with the Gu formation’s activation.


 Fang Yuan’s soul left his body as he endured the trial of wind and fog.


 Before this, he had already expended a huge amount of guts Gu, his soul was quite bloated now.


 A moment later, Luo Po formation stopped activating as Fang Yuan’s soul became thinned out from the tempering, he returned to sovereign immortal body with deep fatigue.


 “With Luo Po formation, my cultivation efficiency in Luo Po Valley has increased by thirty percent.” Fang Yuan assessed.


 This was not the first time he was using this formation.


 Luo Po formation was specially used to cultivate soul path, but he could add other Gu formations in to modify it. It was a very inclusive Gu formation, that was its most useful trait.


 For example, Qin Bai Sheng and the rest resisted the group from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, the Gu formation they used during the battle was Luo Po formation.


 However, their Luo Po formation was not for cultivation, it was for defense.


 According to Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, when he was alive, he had killed a rank eight Gu Immortal from Heavenly Court with only rank seven cultivation level, back then, he also used Luo Po formation, but he added in many Gu formations that were offensive in nature.


 The Luo Po formation that Fang Yuan was using now focused on refining his soul. It used rank six Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul, and a vast number of white lotus giant silkworm Gu, along with many supplementary Gu to assemble it.


 “Alright, after this cultivation session, my soul has already reached million man soul level.”


 In Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, soul foundation was classified into many levels.


 From low to high, there was single man soul, ten man soul, hundred man soul... million man soul, ten million man soul, hundred million man soul...


 Ten man soul meant that the soul foundation was the total of ten grown men’s souls.


 A normal Gu Master with twenty years of soul path cultivation could reach thousand man soul if they worked hard. But using guts Gu, Fang Yuan could reach that instantly.


 Before this cultivation session, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was at three million man soul.


 But after the tempering of Luo Po wind and bewilderment fog, his soul foundation stabilized at million man soul level.


 First using guts Gu to strengthen the soul, before cultivating in Luo Po Valley to temper the soul like iron and removing impurities. Finally, he would sleep and rest the soul, getting rid of any agitation.


 These three steps repeated would raise Fang Yuan’s soul foundation like a rocket.


 Only a short time had passed, but he had already reached million man soul, the speed was too shocking!


 When he reaches hundred million man soul, his soul would turn from phantom to solid. Back then in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Spectral Soul’s main body was huge and majestic, Fang Yuan was very enticed to reach such a level.


 With a stronger soul foundation, there was a greater benefit, it was the immortal killer move ghost official garment.


 This move could conceal him from heaven’s will and other Gu Immortals’ deductions, the deeper his soul foundation, the stronger it became.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan could feel vividly: the ghost official garment on his soul had thickened, he felt an increased sense of security.


 “As my soul foundation grows, I would be able to control more year beasts, I can even control a second immemorial year beast!”


 “However, although I can invest effort into increasing my soul foundation, those soul path killer moves are not worth investing into.”


 There was only one reason, Spectral Soul had been captured by Heavenly Court already.


 He would definitely get soul searched.


 That meant that in the future, Heavenly Court would also gain Spectral Soul’s true inheritance. By then, it would be easy for them to deduce his killer moves.


 After this cultivation session, Fang Yuan left Luo Po Valley.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, these were the two sacred lands of soul cultivation, they were placed in Lang Ya blessed land. Firstly, it was easy to use there, secondly, secluded domains of heaven and earth required a lot of heaven and earth qi, Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture already had Reverse Flow River, the burden of adding these two was too huge.


 Once he left Luo Po Valley, Fang Yuan saw a snowman girl.


 “Snowman Xue Er greets Lord Fang Yuan.”



***
Chapter 1461 - Weirdly Prosperous


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sovereign immortal aperture was filled with serenity and peace.


 Because without changes in weather or day and night, this place was completely still.


 Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level, the sovereign immortal aperture was only a blessed land, there were no weather phenomena in blessed lands. Only at the brink of becoming a grotto-heaven would such phenomena emerge.


 Even without atmospheric changes, the sovereign immortal aperture was not a dead land, it was filled with life.


 Mini Northern Plains was colder, especially towards the extreme north, there was nothing there. After annexing Han Dong’s blessed land, there was a spirit snake resource point managed by the pink spirit snake land spirit. Other than that, he had the bone burial field with lots of bone immortal materials. And to the south, Fang Yuan was trying to create a blood red grassland with blood sickle grass and red axe flowers as the foundation, to let those pink flower rabbits, wolves, and foxes live in.


 In Mini Central Continent, there was a blood zhi forest and mirror willow forest, they were grown here casually by Fang Yuan, he did not nurture them purposely, their scale was not big. There was also a jade light pit that had light path mortal Gu.


 In Mini Western Desert, his focus was on the eerie fire dragon python pit, the sand gull beach, rotten black swamp, rotting swamp, black hound mound (belonged to Liu Yong blessed land, managed by the black hound land spirit). There was also a new mortal Gu House, Corpse City, which Fang Yuan had obtained from Western Desert’s translocation desert. Most of the immortal materials inside were traded to Thousand Transformation’s will, little was left.


 In Mini Eastern Sea, it was no longer a shallow body of water, it had a trace of an ocean’s capacity. Especially the two sea areas, dragon scale sea area and Wu Yi Hai’s sea area, for the former, Fang Yuan had invested a lot of finances and energy into creating this large scale resource point, and for the latter, after annexing Wu Yi Hai’s blessed land, the sea turtle was managing it for Fang Yuan, there were three ancient desolate beast horned divine tortoises, a field of ancient desolate plant silent corals, and six desolate beast white letter blue feather seagulls.


 Other than the two sea areas, there was a blood lake, it was not too big, Fang Yuan had used it to repair blood asset Immortal Gu earlier, he had kept it for now, the water of the lake has collected a lot of desolate beast and Gu Immortal blood.


 Below the blood lake, there were many shallow seas, arranged by Fang Yuan specially to raise the air bubble fish, literature carps, jade carps, blood jade carps and others, there was even an ancient desolate beast hidden room oyster, Fang Yuan had obtained it in Eastern Sea.


 The secluded domain of heaven and earth, Reverse Flow River, was also placed here.


 Mini Southern Border was the region with the most development among all of them.


 There was Five Light Mountain, Immortal Succession Mountain, Become Dragon Mound, Heaven Sealing Mountain, and a dozen other nameless mountains, as well as coiling thread caves and the stalactite cave. In the forest and underground, a small number of rockmen were living here, the vegetation included musical trees, tea streams, qi death birds and others, creating an ecosystem with great vitality.


 As for the miniature nine heavens, Mini Red Heaven had a large number of year beasts and that immemorial year monkey.


 Fang Yuan had been paying attention to Mini Orange Heaven recently, there was the light shine fungi that made the scale of aurora lights expand rapidly, and more flowing light fruits were being nurtured within.


 Mini Yellow Heaven was very empty, there was only a tiny gold fragment current.


 Mini Green Heaven was completely empty, but Fang Yuan had placed dream realms in it previously.


 Mini Azure Heaven had the pill azure incense, this was the food of change soul Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had stored a batch in here last time. There was also a heavenly crystal storage pool, it was at the center of Mini Azure Heaven, but it was useless.


 Mini Blue Heaven had the most development among the miniature nine heavens. There was a lot of cloud soil here, with lots of star path resources planted here, like arrow bamboo forest and the star fragment grass field, meteorite pit, and a huge floating star fragment island, it was Ye Lui Qun Xing’s blessed land, Fang Yuan had annexed it with the star core land spirit managing the place.


 There was also a falling star hound infant living here. It was very lonely but it would clash with other desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts elsewhere, after keeping it here, Fang Yuan rarely took care of it.


 In Mini Purple Heaven, there were groups of eagles. These eagles were desolate beasts and also ancient desolate beasts, Fang Yuan had sold Immortal Gu during the dream realm incident to purchase them. They had helped him to enslave the upper extreme heavenly eagle to survive the danger, they were extremely useful. Fang Yuan had wanted to sell them, but he could definitely not get Immortal Gu with them, it would be a huge loss. And since he took more than eighty eagle nests from Hei tribe’s headquarters, he could raise these eagles in them, even though it was not as amazing as the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 In the remaining two heavens, Mini White Heaven had an eagle hound group, three ancient remnant heavenly dogs, and the plantation field of multicolored overlord flowers. Mini Black Heaven had no light at all, it was a special environment, there were only a few ancient desolate plant walking meat trees there.


 After collating all these assets, Fang Yuan was already on par with some rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But for the size of the entire immortal aperture, these resources were too little.


 The reason?


 The sovereign immortal aperture was simply too large. In the 335000km2 of space, these resources only occupied a small amount of space.


 And in terms of the entire sovereign immortal aperture’s development, assuming a hundred percent of the space could be used, Fang Yuan was merely slightly above three percent now.


 Three percent development.


 This was naturally not bad, it was a good thing.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had unparalleled prospects, but from another perspective, Fang Yuan had no confidence in when he would reach a hundred percent development. This would be a huge task, he would need an extremely huge amount of time.


 Throughout history, Gu Immortals had created an evaluation of immortal aperture development.


 There were seven levels.


 The first level was establishing mortal resources, to produce mortal Gu, mortal Gu materials, and ordinary beasts and plants.


 These resources were in huge scales. Mortals could only raise five to six mortal Gu at a time. But Gu Immortals raised millions of mortal Gu at once. Fang Yuan even sold more than a hundred million year Gu earlier.


 The second level was to create immortal level resources and produce immortal materials. When this level is accomplished, the Gu Immortal will be able to produce food for their Immortal Gu self-sufficiently.


 The third level was to create an ecology to raise immortal beasts and plants.


 The fourth level was to use excess immortal materials, beasts, and plants to trade and earn profits.


 ...


 Looking at this, Fang Yuan was at the fourth level because he had a lot of business that were doing well to earn him lots of profits. Earlier in the year Gu business, Fang Yuan used his great strength to dominate the market in treasure yellow heaven, the three sellers were completely helpless against him.


 “But from another perspective, I am still at the second level, because I have not reached self-sufficiency in feeding my Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan knew why.


 He had simply too many Immortal Gu.


 Rank eight: Attitude, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water.


 Rank seven: Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Flying Sword, Sword Escape, Year, After, Divination Tortoise Shell, Dragon Breath, Dragon Scale, Precaution, Big, Fight, Affection, Self Love, Perseverance, Reputation Restriction, Change Soul, Bloodline, Dragon Strength, Formation Flag, and others.


 Rank six: Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Strength Qi, Spring Autumn Cicada, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, Day, Unravel Mystery, Vajra Thought, Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Woman’s Heart, Blood Asset, Change Form, Star Eyes, Perceivable Dao, Yellow Sand, Cleanse Soul, Luck Inspection, Connect Luck, Time Luck, Star Thought, and others.


 For the last four including Luck Inspection, Fang Yuan had owned them before, but after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, due to Change Soul, Ying Wu Xie took them away. Fang Yuan used his special will to destroy a few, but Ying Wu Xie managed to preserve some of them in the end.


 Furthermore, there were some wisdom path Immortal Gu that Purple Mountain True Monarch left him, and the time path Immortal Gu that made up a portion of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, they would not be specified.


 Just counting these, there were more than fifty!


 A shocking number!!


 Most Gu Immortals were still desperately trying to find an Immortal Gu.


 In the Gu Immortal world, there were the most number of rank six Gu Immortals, and most of them had no Immortal Gu at all!


 Among the rank seven and rank eight Gu Immortals, some had two or three Immortal Gu, while others had five to six.


 But there was a rule — rank six Gu Immortals desire rank six Immortal Gu, rank seven Gu Immortals desire rank seven Immortal Gu, and rank eight Gu Immortals desire rank eight Immortal Gu, while rank nine venerables wanted rank nine Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan?


 He had more than fifty Immortal Gu!!!


 They encompassed rank six, rank seven, and rank eight.


 And this was excluding Calamity Beckoning lent to Chu Du, wisdom Gu in Lang Ya blessed land, and dark limit Immortal Gu taken by Heavenly Court. There was also the formation spirit, it was created by an Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was too special.


 An otherworldly demon who had reborn, the hope of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, a former pawn of heaven’s will, and the current leader of Shadow Sect having countless true inheritances.


 Even though the journey was dangerous and filled with despair, one had to say, immense risk brought about immense benefits.


 Fang Yuan was weirdly prosperous now.


 Because of countless fortuitous encounters, he had the economic foundation of level four development, but he had not fulfilled the requirement of level two.


 Feeding Immortal Gu had always been a huge burden and problem to him.


 “But now, after so much hard work, I have finally gotten some hope of resolving this problem.”


 “Rank nine wisdom Gu is fed by the profligate Lang Ya land spirit, and I have already solved the problem of food for the three rank eight Immortal Gu.”


 “Next, I will complete my basic development and solve the feeding problem of the rank six and seven Immortal Gu, to reach self-sufficiency.”


 Looking at it, Fang Yuan still did not have enough immortal essence stones!


 “Marriage connection with the snowmen?”


 Fang Yuan pondered.


 When Xue Er brought him the snow lotus essence, she also expressed the intention of a marriage connection.


 These variant humans spoke outrightly and directly.


 “If I work by myself to solve the food issue, it will take a long time. But if I use the snowmen, my progress will be rapid.”


 “What I lack most now is time.”


 “I am not against a marriage connection with the snowmen.”



***
Chapter 1462 - Lang Ya Missions


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On Dang Hun mountain, there were guts Gu everywhere.


 Fang Yuan picked them along the way as he strengthened his soul.


 His soul foundation started to increase, after a while, from one million man soul, it rose to five million man soul level.


 Fang Yuan felt an extremely bloated feeling, like he was going to burst.


 Fang Yuan knew he was at his limit, he left Dang Hun Mountain and came to Luo Po Valley.


 After some cultivation, his soul was refined like tempered steel, it became purer and more condensed.


 After this, his soul foundation stabilized at one million five hundred thousand man soul.


 “After million man soul, each cultivation session raises it by five hundred thousand man soul?”


 “Including the time needed to rest my soul, and the production of guts Gu, I need half a year to reach ten million man soul.”


 Fang Yuan estimated and frowned.


 This was too slow for him.


 Ten years, after ten years, Heavenly Court would completely repair fate Immortal Gu. By then, Heavenly Court would have the absolute advantage, Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect would have no hope.


 He needed half a year out of ten years to reach ten million man soul, there was also hundred million man soul and higher levels after that.


 Fang Yuan was not satisfied with the speed.


 “If I can increase the production of guts Gu, I could increase my cultivation speed even further.”


 The production of guts Gu was limiting his soul foundation growth.


 Dang Hun Mountain was undoubtedly his money tree, but it needed good quality souls to produce more guts Gu endlessly.


 According to the agreement back then, a portion of these guts Gu belonged to Lang Ya Sect, Lang Ya land spirit had to sell them for profits, with a portion of the revenue going to Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was using a portion of the guts Gu to cultivate his soul path. It caused his revenue to fall sharply in this business.


 But thankfully, the year Gu business earlier earned him a lot, Fang Yuan had a lot of funds left now.


 Fang Yuan assessed it, it was not wise to negotiate with Lang Ya land spirit now to increase his portion of the guts Gu production. Because he needed Lang Ya Sect now, be it staying inside Lang Ya blessed land to develop or using them to refine Gu.


 In the batch of Immortal Gu refinement earlier, the three Immortal Gu were extremely useful to Fang Yuan, they were now at the second batch of Gu refinement, focusing on mortal Gu like the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, and two Immortal Gu. One was Heavenly Secret, it was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and was obtained by Old Man Yan Shi, he created an immortal killer move with it, known as exposing heavenly secret.


 This move had a mystical effect, it could predict the contents of the following calamity or tribulation!


 If Lang Ya Sect could refine heavenly secret Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to use exposing heavenly secret, it would help him in undergoing tribulations tremendously.


 “However... placing a mission for Lang Ya Sect to refine Immortal Gu has been depleting my sect contribution points, I need to check this!”


 Thus, after the soul cultivation ended, Fang Yuan used his information path mortal Gu to check Lang Ya Sect’s missions.


 Undoubtedly, the current Lang Ya land spirit was far more suited for managing Lang Ya Sect than the previous land spirit.


 Under his management, the entire sect was excavating its potential fully, they were bursting with life.


 At this moment, Lang Ya Sect had many missions, most of them were the Gu refinement missions that Fang Yuan handed out. Below that, the one of great importance was the exploration of Tai Qiu.


 Ever since Lang Ya Sect created the teleportation formation, it had been exploring Tai Qiu and excavating the natural resources within.


 This was the main development route that Lang Ya Sect was taking.


 But Tai Qiu was a dangerous place, ordinary Gu Immortals did not want to enter it, even though there were abundant resources, fierce beasts and dangerous plants grew inside. And the problem was, Lang Ya Sect’s Gu Immortals were skilled at refinement but weak at fighting.


 Even though they had been raising their strength recently, there were few who could fight.


 Thus, when they encountered overly strong beasts or plants, these hairy man Gu Immortals would be in trouble. The exploration of Tai Qiu was unsuccessful.


 Seeing these missions, countless thoughts moved about in Fang Yuan’s mind rapidly.


 In a few breaths of time, he chose over a dozen missions with the highest returns.


 At the next moment, he accepted all of these missions.


 “First supreme elder.” Fang Yuan communicated with Lang Ya land spirit using the information path mortal Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit learned of Fang Yuan’s actions as he said in joy: “Fang Yuan, with your strength, these missions will be extremely easy!”


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is what I wanted to discuss with you. I want to send my subordinates to deal with these missions for me. This does not go against Lang Ya Sect’s rules, right?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was slightly dazed, he did not think of this when he created the sect rules.


 Speaking of which, this was not a loophole. Why couldn’t the Gu Immortal who accepted the mission be allowed to get help?


 Lang Ya land spirit replied to Fang Yuan: “Then you need to ensure that these subordinates will not harm Lang Ya Sect!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Of course.”


 After communicating with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan started to dispatch the members of Shadow Sect.


 Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit, it was a waste to let them idle around. Now, they could be fully utilized.


 Eventually, even Bai Ning Bing joined in.


 Because from her perspective, she allied with Fang Yuan to regain her male body, she needed to refine immortal level yin yang rotation Gu.


 But when she realized that Fang Yuan was relying on Lang Ya Sect to refine Gu, she turned her attention to Lang Ya Sect.


 Regretfully, Lang Ya Sect did not trust the outsider Bai Ning Bing. Fang Yuan also secretly disrupted their communication, causing Bai Ning Bing to be forced to rely on him.


 She was Fang Yuan’s ally, he had no rights to order her, but why would Fang Yuan waste her battle strength?


 Under Fang Yuan’s special negotiation, Bai Ning Bing believed Fang Yuan: As long as she killed more beasts and plants, she would obtain the sect contribution points that Fang Yuan was getting for them, he would use them to place a sect mission to refine yin yang rotation Immortal Gu.


 Several days later.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Northern Plains.


 Large pieces of round snowflakes were descending from the sky.


 This special snowflake was pure white with the size of an adult’s palm.


 This was rank six immortal material dancing snow, it was formed naturally, and would not melt as long as the temperature was kept at a certain level. It would always stay afloat, even if it landed to the ground, it would fly upwards instead.


 Fang Yuan inspected and saw no problems, he thought: “These days, I finally finished arranging the snowmen’s betrothal gift, this project has been completed.”


 The snowmen wanted to have a marriage connection with Fang Yuan, Xue Er would not come empty-handed of course.


 She brought a gift.


 The main portion was the snow lotus essence. This was a specialty immortal material of the snowmen, it was rare in treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan obtained quite a bit of it as he stored it in Mini Northern Plains.


 The second highest quantity was the dancing snow. It was coincidentally a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu’s food, Fang Yuan could feed it four to five times with this batch.


 The difficulty of feeding rank six Immortal Gu was very different from feeding rank eight Immortal Gu.


 This was a small surprise, Fang Yuan did not need to waste his effort going to treasure yellow heaven to purchase dancing snow.


 Other than that, there were some resources that were not so useful. Fang Yuan sold some and kept some, he perfectly utilized them.


 “This is too little, if I can get more resources, my immortal aperture’s development will be even faster.”


 “Since the snowmen want a marriage connection with me, just these gifts are insufficient.”


 Fang Yuan sneered inside.


 He accepted all of the gifts but did not respond directly to the snowmen’s request for a marriage connection.


 When the guts Gu accumulated to a certain scale, Fang Yuan started his soul path cultivation again.


 Day after day, he immersed himself in cultivation. His soul foundation was growing at a rapid rate, other than soul path, he even used the light of wisdom to modify killer moves.


 He had a great number of killer moves, they involved almost all paths. He needed to modify the useful killer moves from within them so that he could use them with his available Immortal Gu. This would greatly increase his methods and battle strength!


 Fang Yuan was deep in cultivation, while Shadow Sect’s members were exploring Tai Qiu and fighting. Sixth Hair and Lang Ya land spirit were refining Immortal Gu for Fang Yuan, almost everyone was busy with their goals, but Xue Er became the most anxious one now.


 This beauty of the snowman tribe had an important mission from the snowmen, but Fang Yuan took the gifts without even seeing her. She was left hanging here without any attention given.


 Xue Er had asked to meet Fang Yuan several times, but she was only a rank six Gu Immortal while Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, the two of them were too different in strength, and because he was in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan rejected her each time.


 This way, Xue Er could not meet him, she felt extremely dispirited, the worry and anger on her face became deeper each day.


 On this day, the snowmen sent her a letter to rush her again, but Xue Er had hope now.


 Because the snowman tribe saw that Xue Er was making no progress, they discussed among themselves.


 They came to a consensus: Since Fang Yuan accepted the gifts, he wanted the marriage connection. But why did he not meet Xue Er, it was because the gifts were not enough for his high status.


 Thus, the snowmen gathered some more gifts and sent it along with the letter to Xue Er.


 “What is this?”


 “I am the pride of the snowmen, my beauty is renowned. This time, I requested for a marriage connection and even brought sufficient gifts. But it was not enough to meet him even once!”


 With heavy emotions, Xue Er requested to meet Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan finally met her.


 But what he said to her was something out of her expectations.



***
Chapter 1463 - Testing Xue Er


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan looked down towards Xue Er.


 She was young and beautiful, she was tall and vibrant, she had blue eyes and hair, she had the icy trait of her variant human race.


 Her tender skin and plump chest would make countless men pay attention towards her.


 She was undoubtedly the number one beauty of the snowman tribe.


 But Fang Yuan was unmoved by her beauty. Not just that, he even found trouble with her: “This is the sincerity of the snowmen?”


 Xue Er could not understand what Fang Yuan meant, she quickly said: “Lord Fang Yuan, please do not misunderstand.”


 “Such a small gift and you want to have a marriage connection with me? Your tribe is dreaming if they think it is so easy to gain help equivalent to that of a rank eight.” Fang Yuan sneered.


 Xue Er was dazed.


 Fang Yuan spoke so plainly she could not accept it.


 She also felt some shame and anger in her heart.


 She was the cream of her generation, the publicly recognized number one beauty, she was bringing gifts to request for a marriage connection, she was lowering her head and status.


 To think that Fang Yuan was so prideful and looked down on her, he was also extremely greedy, thinking that the snowmen gift was insincere.


 How could it be little?


 The gift was very precious, the snowman tribe had picked all of it from their inventory specially for Fang Yuan.


 Originally, Xue Er had a good impression of Fang Yuan. After all, he had incredible talent and had rank eight battle strength, it was an achievement that not many could attain. But now, her impression of him became rock bottom.


 With her temper, she would have left long ago. But now, it was not about her alone, she was tasked by her tribe for this important mission.


 Xue Er breathed in deeply, asking: “Lord Fang Yuan, you have already taken two sets of gifts, I am sure you agree to our marriage connection. If you are unhappy with the gifts, you can give us your requests. I will bring them back for our elders to discuss.”


 Fang Yuan had prepared the list long ago, an information path mortal Gu flew out of him and went to Xue Er.


 “This?!” Xue Er took a look and her eyes popped out.


 Fang Yuan’s greed was too shocking.


 But even when she was shocked, she was very beautiful, her eyes were wide open, even though she lost a portion of her coolness, she became quite cute.


 “Not just this list.” Fang Yuan added.


 “You have other requests?” Xue Er had an unsightly expression as she held down her anger.


 But Fang Yuan was confident and unabashed. He spoke matter of factly: “If your tribe can meet my requirements, that would be enough. But you yourself have not expressed enough sincerity.”


 “My sincerity?”


 Fang Yuan raised his head as he smiled: “Not just anyone can become my wife, Fang Yuan’s wife. Even though the snowmen recommended you, your qualifications will depend on my test.”


 “Test?” Xue Er gritted her teeth: “Please explain to me, Lord Fang Yuan.”


 Fang Yuan said: “Go to Tai Qiu and collect souls for me. When you leave, someone will arrange it for you.”


 Xue Er felt anguished, how could a genius like her be treated in such a cold manner?


 But due to the mission from her sect, she had to nod and agree.


 Seeing Xue Er leave, Fang Yuan pondered deeply.


 With this arrangement, he could make use of Xue Er’s battle strength, there would be another person helping him cultivate faster.


 But that was not important.


 He was actually trying to probe them.


 Accepting the second gift while expressing his displeasure and wanting to test Xue Er, he showed his pride fully, this was to test the bottom line of the snowmen.


 Since they wanted a marriage connection, how much determination did they have?


 Or rather, the higher their determination, the more benefits Fang Yuan could squeeze out from them.


 Fang Yuan was not anxious.


 A marriage connection could not be decided in such a short time. Both sides were not familiar with each other yet, even though Fang Yuan was probing them, the snowmen were also probing Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan was sure that there were benefits to be gained here!


 The marriage connection was not the main thing.


 Fang Yuan quickly set it aside and placed his attention on his cultivation.


 Soul cultivation was one aspect, managing his immortal aperture was another, other than that, Fang Yuan also used the light of wisdom to modify his killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s strongest method was undoubtedly immortal killer move reverse flow protection seal, but he was not modifying that now.


 Even though this move was not safe against Heavenly Court now, Fang Yuan was in no immediate danger. Not only was he in Northern Plains, he was also inside Lang Ya blessed land, he had the concealment of ghost soldier garment, Heavenly Court could not find him in the meantime.


 And there was another reason, modifying reverse flow protection seal would take too much time, it was too slow.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and decided to modify Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves.


 Why did he choose those?


 Firstly, these killer moves were very powerful and exceptional. Secondly, Fang Yuan had grandmaster wisdom path attainment level, he was qualified to modify them. Finally, Fang Yuan had a batch of wisdom path Immortal Gu with him, they were left behind by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Purple blood river formation, purple thought light shield, ignited thought flying rock, single thought flower blossom, purple thought perception starlight, directional confusion fog, thought body defense, single thought myriad flow elimination, and others, when Purple Mountain True Monarch was not in his peak condition, he used these methods to face Duke Long.


 Who was Duke Long?


 He was the master of Red Lotus, he had a huge background and unparalleled battle strength, he was at the peak of rank eight!


 When Fang Yuan was modifying his killer moves, Ying Wu Xie approached Xue Er.


 “You are Xue Er?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


 Xue Er saw that Ying Wu Xie was smaller in stature than her, resembling a young girl. He had pale snow-like skin,he was wearing a flowery green dress, there were two pearl earrings hanging on his ears, as if water was inside the pearls, there were green ripples inside when they shook.


 Ying Wu Xie was in Fairy Cui Bo’s body, he was very enchanting. If not so, Thousand Transformations Ancestor would not have made her his third concubine and adored her deeply.


 “Who is this beautiful immortal? What relationship does she have with Fang Yuan? This is not in our tribe’s information, and she is a rank seven Gu Immortal.” Xue Er had lots of suspicions, but she smiled: “I am Xue Er, beautiful sister, may I know what your name is?”


 Ying Wu Xie frowned.


 He was initially very excited about using Fairy Cui Bo’s body. But after a while, he felt like it was getting very uncomfortable.


 Not long ago, he requested to Fang Yuan to change this body, even if he changed to a rank six body, it was fine as long as he could cultivate soul path.


 “Don’t call me sister, you can call me brother Wu Xie.” Ying Wu Xie waved his hand: “Let’s go, I will bring you to Tai Qiu and meet up with them. This is sect leader’s test to you, we will see who obtains higher quality souls in the same period of time.”


 “Yes.” Xue Er quickly answered, but she had many questions in her.


 She walked at the back as she stared at Ying Wu Xie, thinking: “This female immortal is so weird, she wants me to call her brother?”


 The two left Lang Ya blessed land and reached Tai Qiu using the teleportation Gu formation.


 Once they entered Tai Qiu, Xue Er felt nervous, after all, this was a famous place in Northern Plains for its danger level.


 At the same time, she felt uneasy towards the test, she only had rank six cultivation level and her investigative methods were her forte.


 “Come with me, quick quick quick!”


 “Time is very precious, we need to treasure every moment and use it to cultivate.”


 “We need to continue working hard, that is the true meaning of life.”


 Ying Wu Xie continued to nag at Xue Er, he was very determined. This was the effect of immortal killer move soaring fighting spirit.


 Xue Er felt that Ying Wu Xie was really weird, she was so beautiful, but she acted like a rash lad, it was unimaginable.


 “But are we too careless by flying like this?” Xue Er was worried, this was Tai Qiu, fierce beasts roamed everywhere, danger was everywhere. Flying around openly like this made them open targets.


 While flying, Xue Er felt very nervous, she was afraid of a fierce beast assaulting her out of nowhere.


 But after flying for a while, her worry did not become real.


 In fact, her worry was fading, she felt deeply shocked internally.


 “The area around the teleportation formation has been cleared by Lang Ya Sect and is in their control. They have actually explored Tai Qiu to this extent!”


 “It seems that Lang Ya Sect’s strength surpasses my tribe’s estimations.” Xue Er immediately sent this information back to the snowmen.


 “Oh? There are a group of dragon-elephants.” Suddenly, Xue Er said.


 Ying Wu Xie who was traveling with her looked with surprise, he thought that this woman had some of her own worth.


 Ying Wu Xie’s methods only found those dragon-elephants a few breaths of time after Xue Er.


 Shadow Sect’s investigative methods were naturally superior to Xue Er’s, but in Ying Wu Xie’s current body, those methods were restricted.


 “These dragon-elephants are needed by sect leader, let’s capture them.” Ying Wu Xie changed his flying direction.


 Xue Er was not surprised, because she had looked at Fang Yuan’s list, there were dragon-elephants listed on it.


 This group of dragon-elephants was quite ordinary, there were only two or three desolate level dragon-elephants.


 Ying Wu Xie quickly landed as he used his soul path immortal killer move.


 His soul howl reverberated among the dragon-elephant group as they all fainted and fell unconscious.


 “An impressive technique.” Xue Er was slightly shocked, but a new question arose within: “She has water path aura, why is she using a soul path method?”


 Ying Wu Xie was most skilled in lead soul into dream, but the Gu worms to construct this move were kept by Fang Yuan.


 Only a few soul path Immortal Gu were left for Ying Wu Xie. Thus, his main methods were soul path.


 Ying Wu Xie kept these dragon-elephants in his immortal aperture as he continued on the journey with Xue Er.


 A moment later, they met with Hei Lou Lan.


 “Another great beauty!” Xue Er first frowned before her brows relaxed.


 She observed secretly: “Compared to Wu Xie, this person only has rank six cultivation level, she is the same as me.”


 Xue Er let out a sigh of relief inside.



***
Chapter 1464 - No Wonder Fang Yuan Thinks Little of Me


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Xue Er was a talented descendant of the snowman tribe, she was a genius, but the snowman tribe undoubtedly had little resources.


 Xue Er was able to become rank six at such an age, it was quite incredible. But after meeting with Ying Wu Xie, she could not match this rank seven, although she showed nothing on the surface, she felt great pressure in her heart.


 Now that she saw a rank six immortal, her heavy heart became slightly lighter.


 “Hi, you can call me Xue Er.” Xue Er first introduced herself, she felt that she should be friendly to the people under Fang Yuan, to create a good relationship with them.


 “Hello, you can call me Lou Lan.” Hei Lou Lan smiled, her gaze flickered as she assessed Xue Er subtly.


 She thought: “Snowman Gu Immortal? Why did she approach us? Fang Yuan... what is he thinking?”


 The snowmen wanted a marriage connection with Fang Yuan, he did not inform anyone other than Ying Wu Xie. Thus, Hei Lou Lan only knew that Fang Yuan wanted the Shadow Sect immortals to take Xue Er along and work together in the meantime to explore Tai Qiu.


 “Alright, now that you’ve done the introductions, let’s leave first.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 He took out an information path Gu worm and used his method to learn about Fairy Miao Yin’s and Lady White Rabbit’s location.


 “Hei Lou Lan, go ahead with your work, I will bring Xue Er to the others.”


 Seeing the two of them leave, Hei Lou Lan had a thought.


 Her instincts told her that Xue Er joined them very suddenly and mysteriously, her goal was not simple.


 Hei Lou Lan was an ambitious person, even though she was under the alliance agreement and lost her freedom, she had been wanting to break free of Fang Yuan’s control all along.


 Who would not want freedom?


 “Wait, I’ll go with you. I am in charge of finding the sharp tusk boars, but I can’t find any. I will ask Miao Yin to help me find them.” Hei Lou Lan said as she flew towards them.


 Xue Er was very happy, she wanted to get closer to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan also wanted to probe information from her, she acted very warmly and kindly.


 Thus, with Ying Wu Xie at the lead, Xue Er and Hei Lou Lan traveled together behind him.


 “Elder sister Lou Lan, I am very happy to meet you.” Not long later, Xue Er addressed Hei Lou Lan as elder sister, placing herself at a lower status.


 “This dumb woman...” Hei Lou Lan snorted in her heart.


 She was once the victor of the imperial court contest, she had a deep hatred and lived with difficulty under her father’s shadow, she was skilled at scheming. Compared to her, Xue Er lived peacefully in the snowman tribe, due to her past, she was quite innocent in nature.


 Hei Lou Lan soon found that Xue Er wanted to know about the Shadow Sect immortals desperately.


 She made use of Xue Er’s intention, she exposed some useful information while probing her.


 Xue Er was guarded of course, but she could not match Hei Lou Lan’s scheming, just as she was about to expose herself, Ying Wu Xie interjected: “Isn’t that a sharp tusk boar? Hei Lou Lan, you are very lucky, you will not need to owe Miao Yin a favor now.”


 Following Ying Wu Xie’s direction, Xue Er indeed saw an ancient desolate beast.


 It was huge and had bulky muscles, it was lying on the ground as it slept, it had a powerful aura.


 Xue Er’s heart jumped, with her battle strength, she was not the sharp tusk boar’s match.


 Hei Lou Lan was interrupted, she felt angry but she could not retort to Ying Wu Xie, she snorted and flew towards the sharp tusk boar.


 “Sister Lou Lan, be careful.” Xue Er said in concern, she praised in her heart, this sister Lou Lan that she had just met was really courageous. But with her rank six cultivation level, how could she deal with the sharp tusk boar? She had to rely on this Fairy Cui Bo after all.


 But the following scene made Xue Er completely stunned.


 Hei Lou Lan was even fiercer than the sharp tusk boar, when she fought, her aura changed instantly, she was blazing in flames, her heaven blazing flames were terrifyingly powerful.


 “Rank six Immortal Gu, rank seven Immortal Gu... so many Immortal Gu!” Xue Er watched the battle and her eyelids twitched, she saw how rich Hei Lou Lan was.


 Hei Lou Lan had obtained Blazing Heaven Demoness’ inheritance and Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not take them since he had enough Immortal Gu, leaving them for Hei Lou Lan would allow her to fight effectively and obtain more souls.


 Under Hei Lou Lan’s terrifying attacks, the sharp tusk boar was first furious before going into a frenzy and escaping after losing.


 Xue Er was very shocked.


 Hei Lou Lan exploded with battle strength that was on par with rank seven experts, it was out of Xue Er’s expectations.


 “Sister Lou Lan is so strong! Her immortal killer moves are so powerful and overwhelming.”


 “But she clearly has strength path aura, why is she using fire path methods?”


 Mixed in with her shock was suspicion.


 Xue Er did not understand!


 Fairy Cui Bo had water path aura, but she used soul path methods. And now this Hei Lou Lan was a strength path Gu Immortal but used fire path instead!


 “Alright, let’s continue.” A moment later, Hei Lou Lan collected the sharp tusk boar corpse, including its ancient desolate soul as well.


 “Sister Lou Lan, you are amazing!” Xue Er looked at Hei Lou Lan with an incredulous gaze.


 Hei Lou Lan shook her head: “This is nothing.”


 “No, no, you are really amazing. You have rank six Gu Immortal cultivation level but rank seven battle strength. This is not achievable by normal Gu Immortals.” Xue Er waved her hands.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled bitterly: “This is really nothing, in Shadow Sect, I am very ordinary.”


 Xue Er heard Hei Lou Lan’s reply and her heart jumped.


 Hei Lou Lan: “When you see them, you will understand. Let’s go.”


 Hei Lou Lan had completed her mission, but she did not return directly, she decided to find the other Shadow Sect Gu Immortals with Xue Er.


 A while later, they successfully met up with Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit.


 Lady White Rabbit had rank six cultivation level normally, she did not have Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength, it was dangerous for her to explore Tai Qiu alone.


 Thus, Fang Yuan let her and Fairy Miao Yin work together.


 Of course, when she became Black Tigress, her cultivation level and battle strength would rise to rank seven. However, her Black Tigress state was unstable and could not last long, it had its drawbacks.


 “Hello Xue Er.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled kindly.


 “You are a snowman Gu Immortal? This is the first time I am... seeing one.” Lady White Rabbit said faintly.


 “What situation is this?” Xue Er was suspicious and depressed.


 Fairy Miao Yin was a publicly recognized fairy in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. She had a beautiful body and alluring face, she wore a pinkish-red dress and looked extremely enchanting.


 As for Lady White Rabbit, she had pale white skin and huge innocent eyes, she was completely pure. Her aura was different from Fairy Miao Yin, even at first glance, Xue Er felt that she was very cute, she had a feeling of adoration and trust towards her.


 Xue Er analyzed closely.


 She found that Fairy Miao Yin had rank seven cultivation level while Lady White Rabbit had rank six, similar to her.


 But after the matter of Hei Lou Lan, Xue Er no longer dared to look at Lady White Rabbit as an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal.


 The Gu Immortals conversed for a while, everyone was very kind and warm to Xue Er, but they were naturally curious about her.


 Xue Er was very tight-lipped.


 It was not that she became scheming, but because there were many people who were all beauties, Xue Er felt incredibly pressured.


 Why was she here?


 To have a marriage connection with Fang Yuan.


 Now, she had to proclaim herself as Fang Yuan’s future wife in front of so many people, wasn’t that just provoking them? Wasn’t she too shameless?


 At the same time, a question pressed down on Xue Er like a mountain.


 “What relationship do these female immortals have with Fang Yuan?”


 Actually, Fang Yuan had a clear and simple relationship with them.


 But Xue Er was an outsider, she could not help but assume wrong things the first time she met them.


 This was not strange.


 It was normal mentality.


 “Alright, you have already met us Shadow Sect Gu Immortals. Other than us, there is one final person, a special one.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 “Special?” Xue Er’s heart tensed.


 She wanted to ask: “Special as in the relationship they have with Fang Yuan? Are they a male or a female?”


 But Xue Er did not ask directly, as Ying Wu Xie continued to speak.


 “This person is Bai Ning Bing, she is not a member of Shadow Sect, but she is our ally, we have fought together, even though she only has rank six cultivation level... among us, she has the highest battle strength.”


 Ying Wu Xie hesitated a little at the final sentence.


 But the other Gu Immortals said nothing about it.


 Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength was weaker than Bai Ning Bing. After all, Great Strength True Martial Physique was incompatible with a fire path inheritance.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s battle strength was about the same as Hei Lou Lan.


 Lady White Rabbit could be disregarded, as for after becoming Black Tigress, she would be vicious but lacking in methods.


 Originally, Ying Wu Xie had the highest battle strength, but his reliance was on lead soul into dream, whose Immortal Gu have been taken by Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Bai Ning Bing, who inherited Bai Xiang’s true inheritance and had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, was the strongest among them.


 “Even stronger than sister Lou Lan?” Xue Er could not believe it.


 Hei Lou Lan said: “I merely have mid tier battle strength among us.”


 Xue Er opened her eyes in shock, thinking: “My heavens, why are there a bunch of monsters here? Rank six cultivation level but having the highest battle strength, who exactly is this person? How high is their battle talent?”


 “Now, let us bring you there. I told you these things in advance so you can take note, she has a different relationship with us.” Ying Wu Xie continued to lead the way.


 Soon, they arrived at Bai Ning Bing’s location.


 Boom boom boom!


 Intense explosions resounded in the immortals’ ears like thunder.


 Roar—!


 Next, the immortals heard a loud and pitiful sound that resembled the cry of a dying beast.


 “This, this is!” When the immortals arrived, Xue Er was shocked to see that Bai Ning Bing was alone in the battlefield, around her was a ring of ancient desolate beasts.


 “All of you came at a right time, I found a good place.” Bai Ning Bing stopped the killer move Bai Xiang as she went towards the immortals.


 Xue Er was greatly shocked.


 “So beautiful!”


 Bai Ning Bing’s beauty and aura was simply breathtaking.


 Even the genius Xue Er was shaken, she thought: “There is such a beautiful person that exists?”


 If she knew that Bai Ning Bing was a male turned into a female, who knew how she would feel.


 Xue Er thought: “Why is Fang Yuan surrounded by so many beauties? And they are such talented people! Now wonder he thinks little of me.”



***
Chapter 1465 - Explosive Growth in Battle Strength


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, Cloud Cover Continent.


 Fang Yuan was alone, in a huge field of cloud soil.


 Taking in a deep breath, he calmed his mind and started to use his immortal killer move.


 “Ignited thought flying rock.” Fang Yuan called in his mind.


 His eyes flickered with crystal purple light, thoughts clashed in his mind as small rocks resembling charcoal appeared around his body.


 These rocks seemed to be burning in flames, but they had no heat.


 “Go.” Fang Yuan willed as the rocks floating around his body shot out.


 The rocks tore through the sky, but there was silence during the attack.


 At the same time, these rocks expanded and became larger, turning from thumb size to basin size in a moment.


 Next, they expanded to the size of horse carriages.


 The rocks became giant rocks, the surface was blazing with red flames.


 The blazing rocks numbered from hundreds to thousands, at once, the entire sky was dyed red.


 Next, the blazing rocks landed on the cloud soil and created a field of flames that had neither heat nor made a sound.


 These were not real blazing rocks, they were formed from thoughts in actuality.


 This was Purple Mountain True Monarch’s main attacking method, ignited thought flying rock, it could burn the target’s thoughts.


 There was a consecutive move with it, called single thought flower blossom.


 After the blazing rocks exploded, Fang Yuan pointed with the index finger of his right hand.


 Instantly, the flames extinguished as flowers bloomed in the pits created, countless flowers were fighting to emerge and blossom.


 The flowers were vibrant and colorful, the surrounding area was dyed by a multicolored field of rainbow flowers.


 “It is a pity my target is not a Gu Immortal, but this cloud soil without thoughts, these flowers are useless and exist only as decorations.” Fang Yuan willed as the flowers vanished instantly.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook.


 Immortal killer move — Single Thought Endless Clones!


 Instantly, he was surrounded by countless figures.


 Initially, there were only a few dozen purple silhouettes, but after a few breaths’ time, they had grown to the number of several hundred thousand!


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s true body was concealed within them, he could not be found without a powerful investigative killer move.


 This move was very similar to Fang Yuan’s own original tactic.


 That was to use myriad self and familiar face to act as one of the strength path phantoms, concealing himself to become indiscernible.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch’s move was superior in that it was just one move, but had the effect of Fang Yuan’s two moves, myriad self and familiar face. Therefore, it expended less immortal essence.


 There was another advantage, the speed of the purple silhouettes grew at a faster rate than the strength path phantoms.


 But the disadvantage was that these purple silhouettes did not have offensive power, they were purely for concealment. Meanwhile, the strength path phantoms had offensive power themselves.


 Fang Yuan stopped using single thought endless clones as he stretched out both palms, pushing out a wave of fog.


 This was immortal killer move directional confusion fog, it could make Gu Immortals lose their sense of direction.


 Next, Fang Yuan used thought body defense, single thought myriad flow elimination, and others, he got familiar with them and used them successfully.


 He placed his focus towards the end.


 Immortal killer move — Purple Thought Perception Starlight!


 This move was the most complex, but it had a powerful and incredible effect.


 It could allow the user to learn about the profundities of the enemy’s killer move with every hit, and continuously gain information about them.


 Once they collect enough information, Fang Yuan would be able to use wisdom path methods to deal with the enemy’s killer move during the battle itself.


 Next, the immortal killer move brilliant will dissolution would be used to unravel the enemy’s killer move and attain victory.


 Fang Yuan tried to use it.


 Purple thought perception starlight was indeed filled with many steps, Fang Yuan only succeeded after three tries.


 During this process, he suffered injuries.


 But with Man as Before, Fang Yuan was not afraid of such injuries.


 “After these days of practising, I have already grasped most of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s methods.” Fang Yuan thought.


 At this time, half a month had already passed since Xue Er approached him.


 During these days, Fang Yuan mainly cultivated soul path to increase his soul foundation. Right now, he had ten million man soul already.


 The immortal aperture’s development was progressing smoothly and steadily.


 Other than this, he was practising killer moves.


 Killer moves needed practise, because each activation carried a risk. If the activation failed, one would be causing harm to themselves.


 Fang Yuan had countless inheritances, and had a vast number of killer moves.


 However, the foundation of killer moves were Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan decided to first train Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch was a first generation split soul Purple, his methods could contest Duke Long, they were naturally very powerful.


 Furthermore, before his death, he left most of his wisdom path Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had the foundation to use Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal killer moves.


 Of course, he did not have all of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s Immortal Gu, there were quite some missing. But it was not a problem for Fang Yuan, with his grandmaster wisdom path attainment level, and the most important light of wisdom to rely on, he could rapidly modify killer moves.


 Right now, the wisdom path killer moves that he was using were modified to some extent.


 After this session, Fang Yuan went to wisdom Gu.


 He sat beside wisdom Gu and bathed in the light of wisdom, thinking and concluding his gains from this training session.


 Every time after practise, he would think about the experience and use his gains to modify the killer moves even further.


 The creation of many killer moves relied on the Gu Immortals’ own experiences, habits, and personality.


 These killer moves were other people’s killer moves, they were not as fitting to Fang Yuan as his self created myriad self and strength path giant hand. Thus, Fang Yuan had to continue modifying them.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan finished his thinking session, there was nothing he could do to modify Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal killer moves anymore.


 “After these days of practicing and modifying, I have finally reached the limit. Only when my wisdom path attainment reaches a qualitative change can I continue to modify these moves.”


 After understanding this, Fang Yuan did not force it anymore.


 His deductions today were not focusing on this, he was trying to complete immortal killer move eat strength.


 Originally, Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu Eat Strength, he could expend immortal essence to activate the Immortal Gu and increase his strength path dao marks. It was a pity that such a useful Immortal Gu was destroyed.


 But it was not a problem, all of the different paths led to the same origin. Fang Yuan had so many Immortal Gu and the light of wisdom to help him, he could rapidly deduce immortal killer move eat strength.


 Such an immortal killer move could totally replace the use of eat strength Immortal Gu.


 “My deductions succeeded!” A few minutes later, Fang Yuan left wisdom Gu with a feeling of satisfaction.


 He started deducing immortal killer move eat strength six days ago, he had finally succeeded.


 This rank six immortal killer move used snack Immortal Gu as the core, with other strength path Immortal Gu as the supplementary Gu, a Gu Immortal could expend strength path immortal materials to help them increase their strength path dao marks.


 The result of one cultivation session was better than rank six Immortal Gu Eat Strength. But the expended immortal essence was higher too, because too many Gu worms were involved, it was not as convenient as using eat strength Immortal Gu alone.


 In conclusion, there were advantages and disadvantages.


 For the following days, other than practising Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves, Fang Yuan used eat strength to increase his strength path dao marks.


 He had the most number of transformation path dao marks now, about fifty thousand. After that were ice and snow path, luck path, qi path, and sound path, they all had over ten thousand dao marks.


 He had few strength path dao marks, he did not undergo any strength path related tribulations, and the immortal apertures that he annexed were not from strength path either.


 This time, he focused on fixing this problem.


 Fang Yuan had considered it deeply before choosing strength path.


 His strongest methods now were reverse flow protection seal and myriad dragon. The former was defense while the latter was offense. Both were related to strength path, raising strength path dao marks would raise the upper limit of his battle strength very evidently.


 As for the wisdom path killer moves from Purple Mountain True Monarch, they were meant to increase Fang Yuan’s variety of methods, what truly decided his upper limit of strength was reverse flow protection seal.


 Fang Yuan trained with hard work and used his time to the limit, every second of his time was spent purposefully.


 This safe environment was really rare.


 Since rebirth, this was the first time Fang Yuan had such a prime opportunity to raise his strength and deepen his foundation.


 Immortal aperture development, practising killer moves, cultivating soul path, almost every day, Fang Yuan progressed further.


 His speed of improvement was unheard of, even Lang Ya land spirit was secretly shocked.


 This was what Heavenly Court had predicted: After getting Shadow Sect’s inheritance, Fang Yuan’s foundation was unfathomably deep, now that he could make use of it, his strength would grow explosively!


 Ever since Xue Er joined up with the Shadow Sect immortals, she had acted very obediently and diligently. Even though her battle strength was lacking, she was skilled in the investigative aspect, she worked with the Shadow Sect immortals and hunted many souls for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was cold towards the marriage connection, causing some conflict in the snowman tribe. Xue Er’s grandmother, Bing Yuan, proposed to send Fang Yuan another gift to express their goodwill. But some of the snowman Gu Immortals led by Bing Feng objected to it. They felt that the price of a marriage connection with Fang Yuan was too big, they would rather endure the suppression of the rockmen.


 Because of Shadow Sect’s members, Lang Ya Sect’s development in exploring Tai Qiu became quicker, Lang Ya land spirit was extremely happy, he became very pleased with Fang Yuan.


 On this day, Fang Yuan was sitting with his eyes closed, his consciousness working on developing his immortal aperture, when he suddenly received a request for help.


 At the same time as when he opened his eyes, Lang Ya land spirit also teleported towards Fang Yuan.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, quickly go help. An immemorial desolate beast has appeared in Tai Qiu, it has trapped several Gu Immortals from our sect!” Lang Ya land spirit had a nervous expression as he spoke anxiously.



***
Chapter 1466 - A Bit Weak


***





 Chapter 1466: A Bit Weak


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Roar—!


 A loud sound resembling thunder exploded around the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 At the same time, a huge dragon head charged towards them like a hill.


 A huge shadow was casted over the immortals, before it even hit, the strong air currents blew out with threatening aura, making everyone lose their confidence in defending themselves.


 “We’re finished!” Three hairy man Gu Immortals were covered in sweat, one of them was lying on the ground.


 Seeing that they were about to die, at this moment, the three hairy men heard a cold voice: “Useless.”


 The three hairy man Gu Immortals were overjoyed even though they were insulted, they shouted: “We are here, Fairy Ning Bing, save us!”


 During the moment of danger, a white figure flew towards them, it was dragon lady Bai Ning Bing.


 She snorted coldly and raised her hands.


 Crack!


 At the next moment, an ice wall emerged and shielded the three hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Bam.


 In just a breath’s time, the giant dragon head crashed into the ice wall.


 The ice wall could not take it and shattered.


 But Bai Ning Bing had already pulled the three hairy man Gu Immortals back as they retreated, at the same time, cold light shot out of her eyes and landed on the dragon head.


 The vicious dragon head was soon covered in a layer of white frost, its speed had fallen drastically.


 Bai Ning Bing internally let out a sigh of relief.


 After that instance of combat, she had already deduced that the dragon head was only rank seven level, with her battle strength, she could easily deal with it.


 But...


 “Immemorial desolate beast myriad head coiling dragon has ten thousand heads. I can deal with one head, but if the other dragon heads join in the battle, I will be outmatched, after all, two fists cannot rival four hands.”


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the sky as she frowned.


 This was not the ordinary Tai Qiu world, it was a dark formation path space.


 The myriad head coiling dragon was a formation path immemorial desolate beast, it could create formation path spaces just like how the upper extreme heavenly eagle could enter and exit grotto-heavens, it was the immemorial desolate beast’s latent ability.


 “I need to get out of this place and return to the outside world.”


 “I hope Ying Wu Xie and the rest can hold on!”


 At this moment, in the outside world of Tai Qiu.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others were flying around in the sky, facing hundreds of dragons on the ground. They used their methods and unleashed an array of attacks endlessly.


 It was a grand scene.


 The green giant grass in Tai Qiu were as tall as trees, they grew in large numbers, resembling a forest.


 Within the giant grass, hundreds of dragons had varying forms, they either had golden scales, horns on their foreheads, three dragon eyes, or sharp teeth. Their bodies were wavering, but their heads were high in the sky, much taller than the grass here.


 These were all dragon heads part of the myriad head coiling dragon, the tails were deeply buried under the soil, all of the ten thousand dragons were of the same origin.


 Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan flew in circles like an eagle, she continued to unleash killer moves that rained down like fireworks.


 Dragon roars resounded, they were not passively taking hits, they retaliated continuously. Most of them were breathing out dragon breaths, some were spitting out poison, while some had dragon eyes shooting out light.


 “Ignoring the dragon head that went to deal with Bai Ning Bing, there are three rank seven dragon heads! The rest are rank six level.”


 “We have not found any wild Immortal Gu yet, but be careful.”


 “Don’t get close, you will be dragged into the formation path space of the myriad head coiling dragon!”


 Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, and the rest conversed while they fought at the same time.


 Lang Ya land spirit asked Fang Yuan for help, he had to respond. Firstly, this rescue mission had a lot of rewards, it was quite enticing. Secondly, Fang Yuan was a supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, he could not ignore this, it would violate his alliance agreement.


 Thus, while rushing there, Fang Yuan ordered Ying Wu Xie and the rest to help first and stall for time.


 As the battle got more intense, not much time had passed, but Ying Wu Xie and the rest were already feeling great pressure.


 “Oh no! More and more dragon heads are awakening.”


 “If this goes on, the immemorial dragon head will awaken, not only will we fail to save them, we will lose our lives!”


 “When will sect leader arrive?”


 “We are deep within Tai Qiu, the teleportation formation is far away, he needs some time. Be careful!”


 While conversing, a rank seven dragon head woke up and emerged from the ground, roaring as it shot out a silver dragon breath.


 Hei Lou Lan narrowly avoided it as Ying Wu Xie pondered and said to Lady White Rabbit and Xue Er: “Stay back and help us out from a distance.”


 Xue Er only had rank six cultivation level, her mind was shaking and she was barely putting up a fight.


 Even though she was the genius of the snowmen, she could not be compared to Hei Lou Lan and the rest, she did not try to force herself, she retreated with Lady White Rabbit.


 “Is it fine for us to retreat?” Lady White Rabbit was very worried.


 Xue Er rolled her eyes at her: “Let’s listen to Fairy Wu Xie, with our battle strength, we will only hold them back.”


 The immortals resisted for a while longer, more dragon heads were awakening and joining the combat.


 A thousand dragon bodies were moving about, dragon heads were roaring, Hei Lou Lan and the rest were fully suppressed.


 Thankfully, myriad head coiling dragon was a very special type of immemorial desolate beast, once it was born, it could not move, even though there were many dragon heads, they could only defend their territory, they could not pursue enemies.


 Even so, a thousand dragon heads’ breaths were incredibly powerful, Hei Lou Lan and the rest retreated time and again, they could barely resist it.


 “Oh no, the situation is getting worse.”


 “Bai Ning Bing is still not out yet, I’m afraid she’s unable to escape from the enemy’s trap!”


 Hei Lou Lan and the rest were right, Bai Ning Bing was fighting desperately inside the formation path space. To defend those three hairy man Gu Immortals, she was very restricted.


 But right at this time, an indescribable aura spread throughout the place.


 A huge dragon head that surpassed all others slowly rose up.


 The immemorial dragon head had awakened!


 Its eyes were hazy, its eyelids were drooping, it had yet to awaken fully, but it already created immense pressure in the Gu Immortals.


 “Damn it...”


 “What should we do?”


 The immortals were hesitating when Ying Wu Xie ordered: “We will retreat.”


 They were only rank six and seven, how could they resist rank eight. They could only retreat, giving up on Bai Ning Bing and the three hairy man Gu Immortals.


 But right at this moment, the immemorial dragon head opened its mouth and sucked in.


 Instantly, the world changed, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were all dragged into the formation path space without putting up resistance.


 “Immemorial dragon head!!” Bai Ning Bing was shaken, she turned to looked at Ying Wu Xie and the rest, frowning and asking: “Where is Fang Yuan?”


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest smiled bitterly.


 Thankfully, the immemorial dragon head only trapped the Shadow Sect immortals and did not attack, the dragon head faded into the formation path space in a few breaths of time.


 It had rank eight battle strength, from its perspective, rank six and seven Gu Immortals were insignificant, it did not need to fight.


 It let the other dragon heads handle this battle.


 Thus, a thousand dragon heads appeared all around the Shadow Sect immortals.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest fell into a difficult battle.


 The scene now was different from before, these dragon heads could move easily in the formation path space, they could appear and vanish at times, they were no longer trapped at their original spot.


 The immortals tried and could not break out of the formation path space, they could only unite and fight together, resisting a desperate battle.


 In the dangerous battle, all of the immortals suffered injuries. The three hairy man Gu Immortals, Xue Er, and Lady White Rabbit barely managed to survive.


 Gradually, the Shadow Sect immortals could no longer care about the weak.


 One hairy man Gu Immortal was the first to die.


 Xue Er gasped as she could not escape in time, she was surrounded by several dragon heads.


 “To think that I will die here!” Xue Er could not stop them, she could only shut her eyes and wait for death, but a dark figure flew in and dragged her out.


 “What are you all doing? Why did I have to come out and salvage the situation!” The pressure of survival made Lady White Rabbit turned into Black Tigress again, she was the one who saved Xue Er.


 Xue Er was dazed: “You, you are Lady White Rabbit?”


 “I am not that weakling.” Black Tigress smiled coldly, she looked at Xue Er in disdain.


 Xue Er was speechless.


 She finally understood: Fang Yuan’s subordinates, the members of Shadow Sect, were all monsters! Compared to them, she was the weakest.


 With Black Tigress’ help, the scene finally stabilized.


 But good times did not last, more and more dragon heads appeared, the immemorial desolate beast myriad head coiling dragon was finally starting to show its terrifying battle strength.


 The immortals could only defend themselves, they could not escape.


 Their hope was all in Fang Yuan.


 But when was Fang Yuan going to arrive?


 After such a long period of fighting, Fang Yuan should have arrived already. But soon, the Shadow Sect immortals realized that this formation path space had time path elements in it, the rate of time was very different from the outside world. This realization was like a huge rock that weighed on the Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 But gradually, Ying Wu Xie and the rest found out that the number of dragon heads in the formation path space was shrinking.


 Their pressure was decreasing, they stabilized in this dangerous situation again.


 “Fang Yuan must be here!” After realizing this, the immortals rose in morale.


 But Xue Er could not help but feel worried: “I wonder what the battle outside is like, even though Fang Yuan has rank eight battle strength, can he resist this rank eight myriad head coiling dragon?”


 While thinking about this, the formation path space broke and everyone returned to the outside world.


 “Ah!” Looking at the scenery, Xue Er could not help but gasp in shock.


 The ground was covered in rivers of blood, countless dragons were lying on the ground, the surrounding area was covered in corpses.


 That immemorial dragon head was growling in pain, it was no longer as imposing as before.


 And Fang Yuan was... everywhere.


 “Single thought endless clones.” Ying Wu Xie muttered, recognizing Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan was concealing himself among the countless silhouettes, but that immemorial dragon head had no way to figure out where Fang Yuan was.


 Ignited thought flying rock!


 Countless flaming rocks were landing on myriad head coiling dragon’s body, making a large number of dragon heads fall to the ground.


 They had thought of getting up, but the thought was extinguished instantly by the flames.


 Single thought flower blossom!


 Fang Yuan shifted his thoughts, countless beautiful flowers bloomed on the dragon bodies.


 They felt that their strength was sapped away as the strong dragon heads fell into weakness, the flowers were used as fuel to strengthen the flames in their mind.


 These attacks quickly defeated the rank six and seven dragon heads, they sprawled on the ground like fat earthworms.


 Only the immemorial dragon head had a powerful aura, but as it could not find Fang Yuan’s main body, its battle strength was useless.


 “This is the power of wisdom path killer moves, I can see how powerful Purple Mountain True Monarch was from this.” Fang Yuan sighed to himself internally.


 At this moment, the immemorial dragon head saw Ying Wu Xie and the rest, it changed target and assaulted them.


 The remaining two hairy man Gu Immortals shrieked uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan’s main body emerged and blocked the dragon head’s path.


 “Be careful!” Xue Er shouted as she saw the immemorial dragon head crash into Fang Yuan’s body with much fear.


 The huge force sent Fang Yuan flying but he quickly flew back again.


 In contrast, the immemorial dragon head was covered in blood, it was in a pathetic state.


 Reverse flow protection seal rendered Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals without options, the power of it was not a joke.


 Using this chance, the Shadow Sect immortals managed to retreat to a safe distance.


 Without any lingering burden, Fang Yuan engaged in a fight with the immemorial dragon head.


 “So, so strong!” Xue Er was completely dazed from watching, she watched how Fang Yuan gained the upper hand and killed the immemorial dragon head eventually.


 “This immemorial desolate beast is a bit weak.” When the battle ended, Fang Yuan looked down at the immemorial dragon head that was cut off, and the thousand dragon heads lingering on the ground as he sighed.



***
Chapter 1467 - The View of a Rank Eight


***





 Chapter 1467: The View of a Rank Eight


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “We’re saved!”


 “Lord Fang Yuan is invincible!”


 The two hairy man Gu Immortals saw Fang Yuan defeating the myriad head coiling dragon, they cheered loudly and expressed their joy of surviving the ordeal.


 But the Shadow Sect immortals were silent.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted.


 Ying Wu Xie had a look of nostalgia, after seeing these wisdom path killer moves again, he thought of the sacrificed Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Hei Lou Lan was silent, the stronger Fang Yuan became, the smaller her chances of escaping.


 Xue Er blinked in succession, she was mentally shaken, looking at the ravaged battlefield, she understood why the tribe wanted to have a marriage connection with Fang Yuan.


 “This is rank eight battle strength?”


 “Ordinary immemorial desolate beasts cannot deal with Gu Immortals that have rank eight battle strength. Because humans possess intelligence and wisdom, we can use countless immortal killer moves.”


 “Being married to this man, even if we only rely on this connection, our tribe will no longer be bullied by the rockmen. If we can use his help, the entire tribe will be lifted, we will definitely prosper!”


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan stared at the dragon corpse and the fallen dragon heads, collating his gains and losses.


 Immemorial desolate beasts had rank eight battle strength, but they were still classified into different tiers. This myriad head coiling dragon was one of the weaker ones among immemorial desolate beasts.


 It was not in good condition, it had just woken up from sleep and was countered by Fang Yuan’s wisdom path killer moves.


 If Fang Yuan used other methods or fought by charging in, he might have had to spend more effort. But ignited thought flying rock had an incredible effect that dealt with it easily.


 “How should I deal with this myriad head coiling dragon? Without the immemorial dragon head, it is only ancient desolate level now. But it still has its foundation, in time, a new ancient dragon head will become immemorial level.”


 This type of formation path immemorial desolate beast was very rare, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was in its development stage, he first thought of moving this myriad head coiling dragon into his immortal aperture.


 But regretfully, once the myriad head coiling dragon is in the ground, it could no longer be moved. It was not just deep underground, it was connected to the earth vein, it grew from extracting nutrients from the earth vein.


 Thus, if the surrounding soil was dug up, the myriad head coiling dragon would lose its connection to the myriad head coiling dragon, it would lose its life.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals might be without options, but Fang Yuan had methods.


 Be it Shadow Sect’s inheritances or Lang Ya Sect’s inheritances, they had countless methods to relocate the myriad head coiling dragon.


 But Fang Yuan gave up this alluring idea after considering it.


 The reason was simple, these methods needed Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan did not have. Even if he used the light of wisdom, the time, effort, and resources needed were huge, it was not worth it for just this immemorial desolate beast.


 But to kill it and sell off its body parts was a huge waste.


 After all, an immemorial desolate beast that was alive had greater value than a dead one.


 Thoughts clashed in Fang Yuan’s mind as he thought of the best way to resolve this — Lang Ya Sect!


 He had just prepared to contact Lang Ya land spirit when Lang Ya land spirit already contacted him using information path mortal Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit was also very happy, Fang Yuan was able to defeat the immemorial desolate beast and save two hairy man Gu Immortals, he wanted to thank Fang Yuan and had a warm tone.


 Fang Yuan smiled silently.


 The status of a rank eight Gu Immortal was totally different.


 In the absence of rank nine, rank eights were the dominating overlords!


 Each rank eight Gu Immortal caused great influences in their every action. Even though Fang Yuan did not have rank eight cultivation level, having only rank eight battle strength and being considered a quasi-rank eight, he could already feel how amazing it was to be a rank eight at this moment.


 Fang Yuan said to Lang Ya land spirit: “This myriad head coiling dragon is still alive, a new immemorial dragon head will regrow in the future. I want to sell this immemorial desolate beast to Lang Ya Sect, first supreme elder, how many sect contribution points can I get for this?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was dazed before shouting: “Great idea!”


 Lang Ya Sect was exploring Tai Qiu, they could use an immemorial desolate beast’s corpse to create a teleportation immortal formation. This was a base point for them. Using this base, they could explore outwards and gain more resources from Tai Qiu.


 But in the huge Tai Qiu, just one base was not enough. Like this time, because of the distance, it was not easy to rescue them.


 “This myriad head coiling dragon is a natural immortal formation, we do not need to do anything, as long as we subdue it, we will be able to create a second base. As for sect contribution points...” Lang Ya land spirit considered before giving Fang Yuan a number he was satisfied with.


 Fang Yuan had to refine a large number of Immortal Gu earlier, his sect contribution points had dwindled, he needed to replenish them so that he could refine Gu again.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was handing out a Gu refinement mission, his main goal was heavenly secret Immortal Gu!


 After settling his loot, Fang Yuan led the immortals back victoriously.


 The Shadow Sect immortals were all injured, Hei Lou Lan had the heaviest injuries. Even though the fire path methods were good, it was not compatible with her Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan needed to develop his strength path too, there was a conflict between them.


 Fang Yuan had to satisfy his own needs first before he could pass down excessive Gu worms to raise the Shadow Sect immortals’ strength. After all, Heavenly Court was too strong, their strength was needed for Fang Yuan to gain a decisive victory in the future.


 “However, I can modify her fire path killer moves to make them more compatible. I can even modify this strength path immortal killer moves for her to use.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Hei Lou Lan was still very loyal due to Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement. But in Fang Yuan’s mind, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were more trustworthy.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan had a way to restrict Hei Lou Lan, that was her father cum enemy, Hei Cheng.


 This huge trump card had always been in Fang Yuan’s hands, Hei Lou Lan was kept in the dark.


 “I can nurture Hei Lou Lan slightly, modifying these killer moves is very easy, the expended time and effort is low, I can do it rapidly.”


 Thus, for the next few days, Shadow Sect’s immortals healed themselves while Hei Lou Lan’s injuries slowly recovered, she was only mildly injured.


 Fang Yuan handed star eyes Immortal Gu to her and let her use it to refine the stars in the sky.


 Fang Yuan chose a huge star, when he was in Southern Border disguised as Wu Yi Hai, there were too many people, he could not casually refine the stars.


 There was little development in this, it kept dragging on until now.


 Fang Yuan did not have the time or energy for this. He passed star eyes Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan and made her use her time to refine the star, allowing star eyes Immortal Gu to display its worth.


 When Hei Lou Lan succeeded, Fang Yuan would give her the modified immortal killer moves as the reward.


 Fang Yuan had created an organization in his previous life. To nurture a person, they could not be given rewards for no reason and at a rapid pace. Breaking the rules of advancement was a huge problem for organizations. Any act of promotion or demotion needed to have appropriate reasons.


 If there was no reason for it, then he should create a reason.


 Fang Yuan was very experienced in this.


 After the matter of the myriad head coiling dragon, Fang Yuan realized that the Shadow Sect immortals also needed more battle strength. When they got stronger, they would be more helpful to Fang Yuan.


 However, the most important thing now was Fang Yuan’s own development.


 The most reliable person was himself, a truly mature person would never rely on others in times of need. The Shadow Sect immortals were merely icing on the cake for Fang Yuan.


 After returning to his cloud city, Fang Yuan took out a rank six strength path immortal material.


 Next, he used immortal killer move eat strength.


 A moment later, this pure strength path immortal material had melted, a small portion of the dao marks in it had been transferred to Fang Yuan.


 Using perceivable dao Immortal Gu to check it, his strength path dao marks did not grow by much.


 Fang Yuan was not disappointed, this was an expected result.


 The main way for Gu Immortals to increase their dao marks was through tribulations. For Fang Yuan, he had another immortal aperture annexing method. As for eat strength killer move, it could only slowly accumulate, there would only be effect after a long time.


 Thus now, when dealing with the myriad head coiling dragon, even though he gained some strength path dao marks, his battle strength did not rise much.


 “However, if I can refine snack Immortal Gu into the rank seven Big Snack, I can modify eat strength so that the gain in my strength path dao marks will be more evident and achieve a qualitative change.”


 This thought appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind before rapidly vanishing.


 Refining snack Immortal Gu into big snack Immortal Gu was alluring, but it was not the appropriate time to do that now.


 Refining heavenly secret Immortal Gu was the main priority, and Fang Yuan was continuing his immortal aperture development to satisfy the needs of his Immortal Gu in terms of food. The latter expended almost all of his finances.


 How long had it been? His ten million immortal essence stones had already started depleting.


 But his great efforts also gave him great rewards, he had already completed more than half of his basic development.


 “My soul foundation has already reached ten million man soul, let’s continue like this.”


 “In terms of killer moves, I am already familiar with Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves, next, I will modify Bo Qing’s sword path killer moves.”


 In terms of wisdom path, Fang Yuan had grandmaster attainment level, he also had wisdom path Immortal Gu, it was naturally his priority.


 In terms of sword path, even though he had several sword path Immortal Gu, he lacked the attainment level for it, it was lower on his priority.


 In terms of soul path, not only did he lack attainment level, he also lacked Immortal Gu, he only had rank seven Change Soul and rank six Cleanse Soul, it was even lower on the priority list.


 Fang Yuan had been preparing himself, he had considered his options thoroughly.


 “At the same time as modifying Bo Qing’s sword path killer moves, I will also modify some killer moves for Hei Lou Lan. The only problem is that after completing my basic development, my finances will be at a dangerous level.”


 Fang Yuan was a little worried, but after three days, the snowman tribe sent the third set of gifts to him.


 The third set of gifts was the most valuable one among the three.


 After getting this, Fang Yuan’s basic immortal aperture development no longer had the problem of lacking funds for the time being.



***
Chapter 1468 - Ice Path Crystal Essence


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 A mild rain was drizzling, there was serenity amidst the cold winds, it was dusk on the green mountain ridge.


 On a nameless mountain, a huge pine tree with a cone shape had already grown for six years on this location.


 “Soon, soon, in an hour, I will be able to refine rank seven pine needle Immortal Gu. Six years of hard work...” Rank seven secluded cultivator Zheng Qing thought in his heart with anticipation.


 He was a wood path Gu Immortal, he was using a wood refinement method this time.


 Even though it took a long time, he was using the technique of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, the success rate was very high.


 Zheng Qing was originally a mortal, when he was finding firewood one day in the mountain, he fell off the cliff and landed on a huge lotus that was within the valley.


 Through a fortuitous encounter, Zheng Qing inherited one of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s wood path inheritances.


 After working hard on cultivation, he became a Gu Immortal. He slowly cultivated and rarely went out, after hundreds of years, he became rank seven.


 He had a peaceful nature, one had to say, Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance was really suited for him. When refining Gu this time, he turned into a pine tree and stayed here for six years, through rain and shine, slowly cultivating while ignoring the changes in the environment.


 Rumble...


 At this time, from deep under the earth, he heard a loud sound, like the screaming of countless beasts.


 “What is going on?” Zheng Qing heard the sound and became alert.


 “No way, my Gu refinement method comes from Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, be it the process of refining Gu or the final moment, the process is natural and mystical, there is no way I will be exposed. Thus, this cannot be a case of enemies coming to snatch it, wait...”


 Zheng Qing was first suspicious before his heart jumped.


 He thought of an answer.


 Months ago, he had also experienced such a situation.


 That time, there was a huge earthquake, it was as if there was a huge python rolling around in the ground. Even though he was unharmed, the event shocked Zheng Qing deeply.


 After that, Zheng Qing connected to treasure yellow heaven and learned that there was an unprecedented earthquake that involved the entire Southern Border.


 “Is this the same thing?”


 Zheng Qing’s guess soon got confirmed.


 Like what he had expected, this was the same type of earthquake as before. But the size of it was far beyond Zheng Qing’s imagination.


 Rumble!


 A terrifying earthquake seemed to devour everything, the world was shaking like the apocalypse was here. Huge trenches were created that extended for millions of li.


 Zheng Qing was very unfortunately, the nameless mountain that he was on was being devoured by a trench.


 The mountain collapsed, Zheng Qing wanted to hold on but he reached his limits, he had to return to human form.


 Even with his superb mental state, he still wanted to vomit blood, his six years of hard work had gone up in smoke.


 “What is this earthquake! Why am I so unlucky... sigh!”


 Suddenly, his bloodshot eyes widened immensely.


 He saw that the immeasurably wide trench had a mountain-like rock. This rock was orange in color, it was also crystallized, the surface had countless holes that were large as houses, while some were small as fists, a large amount of yellow smoke was spewing out of these holes unceasingly.


 The smoke became thicker and soon turned into soil. the original orange-yellow crystal rock was covered in a thick layer of soil in a dozen breaths of time.


 Zheng Qing breathed roughly, he had Genesis Lotus true inheritance, he knew what this was with his knowledge.


 “This is the earth path crystal essence in ‘Hu’ land! This is a rank eight immortal material... ah wait!”Zheng Qing’s investigative killer move looked further.


 His eyes became wider as he shouted: “Did I see wrongly? Not just the earth path crystal essence, there are also jade scales, earth hole traveling flame, spring thunder condensed dewdrops...”


 These immortal materials were very valuable, they were also of a huge quantity.


 The feeling of failing the Gu refinement had already been forgotten by Zheng Qing, he started to get busy collecting these precious resources.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan cultivated his sword path killer moves.


 Sword path killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave!


 Swish swish swish!


 The dazzling silvery waves were crashing unceasingly, three layers of waves swept forward with unparalleled sharpness and power.


 Immortal killer move — Formless Flying Sword!


 Flying sword Immortal Gu shot out rapidly, it vanished in an instant due to the extreme speed.


 Fang Yuan could accurately sense the location of flying sword Immortal Gu, but others could not. This was one of Bo Qing’s signature killer moves.


 Immortal killer move — Cloud Flying Sword!


 Fang Yuan clapped as a large amount of cloud fog appeared and rapidly expanded. The power of the sword had no form or limits, it could not be intercepted, without any solid matter, it could not be resisted.


 Immortal killer move — Ten Thousand Li Flying Sword!


 Fang Yuan pointed as sword light flew out like a rainbow, shooting towards the sky, traveling several thousand li in the blink of an eye, it was extremely accurate.


 And the final move, immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


 Fang Yuan clapped and placed his palms in front of his chest together, before his right hand’s fingers curled up, as if he was grasping endless sword light in his hand. Next, he raised his right hand up towards the top of his head.


 First, his thumb straightened, with a swoosh, an extremely sharp sword light flew out and pierced a hole in Cloud Cover Continent.


 Next were his index and middle fingers, they extended and two sword lights shot out with terrifying night.


 But his last two fingers could not be stretched, after three sword lights, Fang Yuan had to stop the killer move.


 After some practice, Fang Yuan stood on the spot, collating his experiences.


 “These last days, I have already finished modifying the sword path killer moves, there are a total of five moves. Other than triple layered sword wave originating from Lang Ya Sect, the other four moves came from Bo Qing, and I have already modified them.”


 “Sword path’s situation is inferior to wisdom path. I do not have as many sword path Immortal Gu compared to wisdom path, and my attainment level is far lower, my modification is limited, the power is about the same as Bo Qing’s original version. Especially the final move, five finger fist heart sword, it used to be renowned throughout history, it was a move that shocked the world. But I can only use three finger sword lights, that is my limit. At the same time, the power of the move is only at the peak of rank seven.”


 “If I can use rank eight wisdom sword Immortal Gu as well, the sword path killer move will reach the power level of rank eight.”


 Unfortunately, wisdom sword Immortal Gu was very hard to use, he needed rank eight immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan was not rank eight, he could not produce rank eight immortal essence at all.


 Fang Yuan had three rank eight Immortal Gu, they were attitude Gu, Years Flow Like Water, and wisdom sword Immortal Gu. Among them, attitude Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu written in >, it had a very low requirement to use. Years Flow Like Water was slightly worse, but its effect depended on the quality of the immortal essence used instead. Wisdom sword Immortal Gu was a normal rank eight Immortal Gu, even though it belonged to Fang Yuan, it needed rank eight immortal essence to activate.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had a lot of room for improvement in sword path. But at the current moment, he had reached the limit of development in this path.


 After finishing the practice of his killer moves, Fang Yuan did not want to waste time, he returned to the cloud city and started to work on his immortal aperture development again.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, at the extreme north of Mini Northern Plains.


 Snow was falling, the air was cold, snow was deep and thick, the atmosphere was entirely different from before.


 Howl! Howl!


 Occasionally, several snow monsters would pace around the snow and emit strange screams.


 And at the extreme north, there was a mountain-like crystal rock.


 This rock was blue in color, it had crystallized texture, the surface had countless holes of varying sizes, a large amount of cold and icy smoke was spewing out of these holes unceasingly, they were changing the environment to a great extent.


 Ice path crystal essence!


 It was an extremely rare rank eight immortal material that originated from the secluded domain of heaven and earth, ‘Hu’, it was rarely seen in the market.


 The first time he saw this ice path crystal essence, Fang Yuan sighed: “To think that the snowman tribe had such a valuable thing in their treasury!”


 But Fang Yuan soon understood why.


 Even though they were living in difficulty now and were in a tough spot, the truth was, after so many generations of cruel competition, how could the remaining snowmen be simple characters?


 At least, among all of the snowman tribes, this was a high quality batch. They were merely trapped here now, even though their current situation was bad, they had their former glory.


 The ice path crystal essence was the important part of the third gift from the snowmen.


 As for why these snowmen suddenly showed such sincerity, Fang Yuan knew without needing to guess that it was because he defeated the immemorial desolate beast myriad head coiling dragon, the scene was recorded by Xue Er who sent it back to the tribe.


 Of course, this was Fang Yuan purposely allowing her to do it, he wanted to see that happen.


 “With this ice path crystal essence, I can create a production line of snow monsters, in time, this will be a new source of revenue for me!”


 While he was thinking of the future, Sixth Hair transmitted to him: “Sect leader, heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s refinement has reached the crucial step, please come over to refine the Gu personally!”


 Fang Yuan was instantly alerted.


 If he could refine heavenly secret Immortal Gu, he would be able to learn about the following calamities and tribulations in advance.


 Any Gu cultivator would know how important and significant this was!



***
Chapter 1469 - Too Weak


***





 Chapter 1469: Too Weak


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Gu refinement hall was filled with bright white light.


 The light was glaring, nobody could look at it directly.


 An intense aura that was in-between mortal Gu and Immortal Gu showed that the Gu refinement was at its most crucial step.


 Fang Yuan was bathed in the white light, his concentration was fully invested. Beside him, refinement path Gu Immortal Sixth Hair had a look of solemness and nervousness.


 “Now is the time!” Suddenly, Sixth Hair spoke and dispelled the entire refinement path Gu formation!


 Originally, the best way to refine heavenly secret Immortal Gu was to use light path refinement method. Other than that, other paths would only exert more effort for a weaker result, some even caused an opposing effect.


 And at this final step, the refinement path Gu formation needed to be shut down, the Gu Immortal had to personally complete this final step.


 This was the most unique part of heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s refinement, almost all other Immortal Gu had no such requirement.


 Only heavenly secret Immortal Gu could not be restricted by any rules, it had to be refined when it was in a state of freedom.


 Undeniably, this was a huge test to the Gu Immortal refining the Gu.


 Because the Gu Immortal needed to take the place of the immortal formation at that instant and complete the final step of the Gu refinement himself.


 But the Gu Immortal’s control could not be excessive. Otherwise, it would be a form of restriction and heavenly secret Immortal Gu would not be refined.


 This step required a peculiar balance, the intricacy could not be expressed in words, only the Gu Immortal undergoing the refinement could experience it.


 At the final step.


 Fang Yuan’s mind had countless thoughts, using wisdom path methods, he perfectly took over the immortal formation’s workload.


 The surrounding white light was blinding, but Fang Yuan guided it back to a condensed form.


 Gradually, these lights formed into a circular shape around Fang Yuan.


 The huge circle had Fang Yuan at the center, initially, there was only light, but after a few breaths of time, there was a material form.


 After a dozen breaths, the refinement hall’s light had returned to normal, the ring had materialized and was the size of a house, it was white-gold in color.


 The ring was quietly floating.


 Fang Yuan was at its center.


 Sixth Hair held his breath as he felt excited internally: “Refinement path killer move — Heavenly Light Ring, it has finally formed. But we need it to rotate seven times to refine the rank seven heavenly secret Immortal Gu.”


 The first rotation.


 Fang Yuan willed as the ring started to rotate slowly.


 This first rotation took fifteen minutes to complete.


 “The first rotation is complete.” Sixth Hair let out a breath of turbid air.


 Second rotation.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes which were shut slowly opened.


 Within his eyes, a profound light shot out towards the ring.


 The ring which had stopped moving started to move with his gaze, it rotated again.


 This rotation was faster than before.


 In just seven minutes, it finished rotating.


 “The second rotation is done too.” Sixth Hair clenched his fists.


 Third rotation.


 Fang Yuan breathed roughly, he continued to regulate his breath.


 He was not breathing normally of course, he was using a refinement path killer move.


 His breath and the ring resonated as it started to spin again.


 This rotation was even faster now, it finished in an instant.


 “The third rotation is done.” Sixth Hair’s heart was pounding.


 The fourth rotation.


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth and started to hum.


 Under the effect of his voice, the ring started to spin violently.


 Soon, the fourth rotation was completed.


 “We are already past half of the seven rotations! But it will get even harder now, because the rings will rotate even faster, it will not be easy to control.” Sixth Hair was oozing with sweat now.


 After the fourth rotation, Fang Yuan did not continue recklessly, he rested for a while before using his refinement path killer move to make the ring rotate.


 The fifth rotation.


 Fang Yuan’s arms were naturally lowered, but at this moment, he slowly raised his arms.


 As if his arms were tied by two mountains, Fang Yuan slowly lifted them like he was carrying something very heavy.


 The ring started to rotate on its own, but this was different from before, while rotating, it also started to ascend.


 It became further and further away from the ground, when it reached Fang Yuan’s shoulder, there was a sudden pause!


 “Oh no!” Sixth Hair’s expression changed as the ring exploded on its own.


 Boom!


 A huge explosion was suppressed by the refinement hall before it caused any severe damages.


 But Fang Yuan who was at the center suffered the full extent of the explosion’s force.


 Puff!


 Fang Yuan’s expression was pale, he spat out a mouthful of blood.


 Heavily injured!


 Immortal Gu Man as Before!


 Fang Yuan immediately activated this Immortal Gu, his ever-useful method started to display its effect. Fang Yuan’s heavy injuries became light injuries, but he had not completely healed.


 Fang Yuan was injured from refining rank seven Heavenly Secret, even though rank six Man as Before had some use, its time path effect could not completely get rid of his injuries.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries this time were not simple.


 Heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s refinement failed.


 This was not the first time.


 For the past several times, Sixth Hair failed in the middle of the refinement, this time, they reached the end, but Fang Yuan still failed despite doing it himself.


 At once, Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had ugly expressions.


 Fang Yuan had practiced a lot for this, before the Gu refinement, he had used many luck path methods, but he still did not succeed.


 Gu refinement was like this, it was not easy to succeed. Even if one invested a lot into it, they might not gain anything, their efforts might end up in vain.


 And most importantly, Fang Yuan’s calamities and tribulations were impending. If he did not refine Heavenly Secret in time, Fang Yuan would not be able to do it before the tribulation.


 “It is a pity.” Sixth Hair sighed.


 “No worry, even without Heavenly Secret, I am confident of passing.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, his mind had returned to normal in an instant.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan came to a desolate area using the teleportation immortal formation and started to undergo his tribulation.


 Placing his immortal aperture, he opened the immortal aperture door.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 A vast amount of heaven and earth qi rushed in like a waterfall, replenishing sovereign immortal aperture.


 The scene was simply too grand, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were dazed.


 This time, in order to ensure that the tribulation went without a hitch, Fang Yuan brought the Shadow Sect immortals along, Bai Ning Bing was also here, while Xue Er was inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 Xue Er was not trusted by Fang Yuan, as for the rest, they had entered the sovereign immortal aperture before.


 When Fang Yuan underwent tribulations, they could help him. When other Gu Immortals were attracted here and tries to attack him, they could go out and block those enemies for him.


 This was the human calamity.


 When Fang Yuan underwent tribulations, he would be noticed by heaven’s will, there was no helping it.


 Heaven’s will tried all means possible to exterminate Fang Yuan, it would naturally plot and after some time, his human calamity would appear.


 “Unless we see it ourselves, it is absolutely hard to imagine that a person’s immortal aperture could absorb this much heaven and earth qi at once!”


 “Sovereign immortal aperture... it is too powerful. I believe that even rank nine venerables would not create such a scene when absorbing heaven and earth qi.”


 The Shadow Sect immortals conversed and praised.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, her gaze was flickering uncertainly.


 She was shocked in her mind, but she said: “You are underestimating the rank nine venerables. Even though I have never seen a rank nine immortal aperture absorb heaven and earth qi, after obtaining Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, I learned that Bai Xiang’s absorption of the heaven and earth qi when he placed his immortal aperture was far bigger in commotion.”


 Ying Wu Xie looked at Bai Ning Bing plainly: “Bai Xiang was rank eight, he had a rank eight grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan is only rank seven now, he only possesses a rank seven blessed land, the two cannot be compared. Furthermore, the sovereign immortal aperture is too huge, there are many places that have not been developed, its potential is unimaginable. In contrast, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven was already filled up back then, the resources were occupying the entire immortal aperture, these resources naturally expended a lot of heaven and earth qi.”


 Bai Ning Bing was silent.


 “Wu Xie is right.” Fairy Miao Yin laughed curtly.


 The other Gu Immortals nodded in agreement.


 After a long time, the sovereign immortal aperture completed the absorption of heaven and earth qi, the tribulation began to form in Mini Red Heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s current body was inside Mini Red Heaven, this tribulation was targeting Fang Yuan, it would not show up elsewhere.


 As for why he chose Mini Red Heaven, it was because this place was empty, it was once the place where he fought the immemorial year monkey, there were no resources here, his losses were minimized when fighting here.


 If they were in Mini Northern Plains or Mini Southern Border, the tribulation would destroy countless resources, that was not favorable to Fang Yuan.


 “The sovereign immortal aperture is too huge, if we were the ones undergoing tribulation, how could we avoid destroying resources? But inside the sovereign immortal aperture, the tribulation cannot even cover the whole of Mini Red Heaven!” Hei Lou Lan sigh with a tone of admiration.


 “My Shadow Sect accumulated resources for a hundred thousand years before refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu, of course it is extraordinary.” Ying Wu Xie snorted coldly, saying proudly.


 “A pity it all went to Fang Yuan.” Bai Ning Bing said casually, making Ying Wu Xie stare at her in anger.


 “What? Did I say something wrong?” Bai Ning Bing was fearless, she looked at Ying Wu Xie provocatively, defending her face.


 Ying Wu Xie breathed in deeply, he turned his head over: “So what if sovereign immortal fetus Gu was used by Lord Fang Yuan? He is the leader of Shadow Sect, he is on the same boat as us.”


 “Hahaha.” Bai Ning Bing laughed in a mocking tone.


 Ying Wu Xie ignored her and stared at the newly formed tribulation.


 Only to see that around Fang Yuan, there was a dense poisonous fog.


 The poisonous fog was rumbling and had five distinguishable colors.


 “This is a poison path tribulation.” Lady White Rabbit said meekly.


 “Or rather, the five poison tribulation!” Ying Wu Xie said, he had more depth of knowledge.


 Like what he had just said, the five colored poisonous fog formed into five giant monsters, a snake, scorpion, spider, toad, and centipede respectively.


 The five monsters encircled Fang Yuan in a threatening manner but did not attack yet. They were gathering strength, as time passed, their bodies got larger.


 “Why is Fang Yuan not attacking yet?” Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 Now was the best time to strike, as time passed, the poisonous beasts would get stronger.


 But Fang Yuan’s tactic was different from normal people’s mentality.


 He waited until the five poisonous beasts reached their maximum strength.


 All five pounced towards Fang Yuan with bodies like mountains!


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest held their breaths, the tribulation was so powerful that they were stunned even as just spectators.


 This was not an ordinary rank seven tribulation, it was enhanced by heaven’s will, it had the maximum power allowed by this world!


 “Just this?” Fang Yuan’s eyes rolled as he vanished on the spot.


 Boom boom boom!


 At the next moment, thunderous sounds erupted continuously.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest watched with pin-sized pupils as Fang Yuan rampaged on the battlefield, the five poisonous beasts were completely suppressed by his countless attacks.


 A while later, the poisonous fog faded, only Fang Yuan was left standing in the battlefield like a demonic god.


 He looked around the battlefield and stared at his own hands, muttering: “Rank seven heavenly tribulation... is too weak.”



***
Chapter 1470 - Intention to Trade


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Even though heaven’s will wants to get rid of me, the otherworldly demon, and raised the strength of the heavenly tribulation to its limit, it could do nothing against me.”


 This tribulation was not hard for Fang Yuan.


 He had prepared amply for this tribulation and had a lot of trump cards left unused.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were watching Fang Yuan’s solo show and ended up being useless, they were in shock and amazement towards the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals had to go through twenty-four earthly calamities, three heavenly tribulations, and three grand tribulations.


 Fang Yuan patiently waited for the five poisonous beasts to reach their peak before dealing with them, he wanted to probe the limit of the heavenly tribulation’s power. A rank seven heavenly tribulation no longer had any threat towards him. Earthly calamities were even weaker, only grand tribulations were an uncertainty.


 As for how strong grand tribulations could become, Fang Yuan did not know, he had not gone through it once.


 His rank seven cultivation level was obtained by annexing apertures, he seized their cultivation level. This was the first time he was going through a rank seven heavenly tribulation.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to deduce that he obtained a thousand poison path dao marks from this heavenly tribulation.


 From now on, whenever Fang Yuan used poison path Immortal Gu, he would gain a hundred percent amplification.


 Heavenly tribulations on average gave about seven hundred and fifty dao marks. Fang Yuan obtained a thousand, it was because heaven’s will had raised its power to the limit.


 But these gains were not what he needed now.


 Firstly, he did not have poison path resources to nurture, his poison path attainment level was very low, he only had one poison path Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart.


 Evidently, heaven’s will had purposely chosen poison path to slow down Fang Yuan’s growth.


 “The next time I undergo heavenly tribulation, heaven’s will might reduce the power of the heavenly tribulation to its limit.”


 Fang Yuan could guess this without thinking.


 This heavenly tribulation made heaven’s will realize that it could do nothing to Fang Yuan, it would no longer raise its power to the limit. After all, that would only give him more dao marks, other than making him stronger, there was no point in doing it.


 “This means that my dao mark gains will be very low when I pass tribulations in the future. Annexing apertures is the proper way to advance now.” Fang Yuan understood.


 Annexing apertures was the advantage of the sovereign immortal aperture, it would be definitely used in the future. But now that he lacked the upper extreme heavenly eagle, and due to Fang Yuan cultivating in seclusion, he had no opportunities for that.


 The River of Time flowed endlessly, time passed rapidly, a month had gone by.


 During this period, Fang Yuan went through an earthly calamity, as he expected, the gain in dao marks was very few.


 But in other aspects, Fang Yuan’s improvements were huge, his gains were enormous.


 In terms of soul path, his soul foundation reached fifty million man soul! His soul was so condensed that it was already showing signs of turning solid.


 And most importantly, his immortal killer move ghost official garment was getting thicker, it was shielding Fang Yuan with even greater strength now.


 Over on Hei Lou Lan’s end, she had already refined the star. Fang Yuan tried to use star eyes Immortal Gu, the investigative effect was great. With this Immortal Gu, his investigative aspect was greatly supplemented.


 In terms of immortal aperture management, the basic development was already completed.


 He expended almost all of his immortal essence stone storage, and the three gifts from the snowmen, in the end, he even borrowed some resources from Lang Ya Sect to complete his foundations.


 But now, even though Fang Yuan had not fed them yet, the foundation was already set, it was like having dishes on the table even before eating, while the rice was still cooking in the pot. As long as he continued to develop, he would gain success in the future.


 There were seven levels of immortal aperture development.


 The first level was to create mortal resource points.


 The second level was to have immortal material resources to feed Immortal Gu.


 The third level was to raise and produce immortal beasts and plants, completing the ecosystem.


 The fourth level was to produce resources for external trade and profits.


 ...


 Fang Yuan had crossed into the fourth level earlier, but he still had one foot in the second level.


 Now that the second level was done, Fang Yuan’s other foot stepped into the third level.


 The third level was to raise and produce immortal beasts and plants, completing the ecosystem.


 This level’s criteria was: These immortal beasts and plants had to perfectly assimilate into the immortal aperture’s ecosystem, they had to form a food chain with the living beings within.


 Fang Yuan had done this in the past, but now it was lacking.


 Because his two biggest groups of beasts, the eagle group and the year beast group did not perfectly assimilate into the immortal aperture.


 The eagles needed to hunt for food on their own. But currently, Fang Yuan was purchasing the food from Lang Ya Sect and treasure yellow heaven.


 Year beasts consumed year Gu as food, Fang Yuan produced it himself. Rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water played a huge part in this, without it, Fang Yuan could not raise such a huge population of year beasts.


 “The third level’s development needs to wait.” Fang Yuan wanted to continue but he had to stock, he did not have enough funds now, to develop his immortal aperture, he needed to work on the fourth level and increase his trading capabilities.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had nine sources of revenue.


 The first was guts Gu. It was a monopoly with huge potential, but he had to invest a lot into it and split the revenue with Lang Ya Sect. Right now, Fang Yuan’s guts Gu were all used to cultivate his soul path, his profits were zero at the moment.


 Next was year Gu. Fang Yuan has not taken over the market for year Gu yet, and because of his actions earlier, the revenue of year Gu would be horrible for the next couple of years.


 But undeniably, the market for year Gu was huge in potential because Fang Yuan possessed rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water.


 This Immortal Gu was created by the Northern Plains time path great expert Hei Fan, it was a top tier Immortal Gu among rank eights. Not only was it easy to use, owning it meant that one had a steady supply of year Gu at a low cost. But it had weaknesses too, it would attract immemorial year beasts to wreak havoc in the immortal aperture.


 After Hei Fan created years flow like water Immortal Gu, he tried to solve the problem. But unfortunately, due to his limitations as a time path great expert, he was not as skilled in other aspects. he was also lacking in fortuitous encounters, if he had the hundred and eighty slaves killer move like Fang Yuan, he would have solved the problem. And thirdly, his lifespan was limited, he had already started solving the problem using the immemorial year beast fishing formation as the flood discharge formation, but his lifespan was used up before they could be used.


 Thus, years flow like water Immortal Gu could not shine in its creator’s hands. When it went into Fang Yuan’s hands, its amazing effect was finally used.


 Fang Yuan also sighed when he thought of this, this was truly the twists and turns of life.


 After year Gu were the dragonfish and regretful spider resource points, they were in the sovereign immortal aperture’s dragon scale sea area and coiling thread cave. Back then, in Southern Border, Fang Yuan had thought of using Wu clan’s strength to develop them, it was a huge effort.


 But now, the dragonfish business was heavily affected. Because the secret of Fang Yuan disguising as Wu Yi Hai was exposed, and his dragonfish business was done through Wu clan’s network, his main targets were the righteous path forces of Southern Border, this business was naturally stopped after he got exposed. Thus, regretful spiders became Fang Yuan’s biggest source of revenue now. The main buyers were Western Desert’s Xiao clan, their relationship was getting firmer.


 After the dragonfish and regretful spider were eerie fire dragon python, a series of star path resources (star dart Gu, star fragment grass and more), spirit snakes, snow monsters, and light shine fungi.


 The eerie fire dragon python business had started when Fang Yuan obtained some in Imperial Court blessed land, afterwards he used Hei tribe’s unique raising method to develop them to this scale. The production was not big nor small, it was inferior to the dragonfish and regretful spiders.


 His star path resources were inherited from Star Lord Wan Xiang, he did not focus on them at all. The reason was simple, they were getting less important because most of his resources were larger in scale. And this was obtained from a rank six Gu Immortal, its initial scale was not big either.


 The spirit snakes were about the same as the star path resources, they came from Han Dong blessed land which was annexed by Fang Yuan, he did not develop it purposely.


 Finally, the snow monsters and light shine fungus were future projects, the former used the ice path crystal essence to modify Mini Northern Plains’ environment, while the latter had great importance now and could not be sold.


 In conclusion, Fang Yuan’s business situation was not promising.


 Guts Gu had no profits, dragonfish was heavily affected and earning little, even though regretful spiders were the same as before, it could not hold up his situation alone. The remaining eerie fire dragon pythons, star path resources, and spirit snakes were important to rank six Gu Immortals, but for Fang Yuan, they were too small in scale. These three and the regretful spider business barely managed to help Fang Yuan maintain his finances.


 And finally, for the snow monsters and light shine fungi businesses, the former still needed more investment, while the latter needed to expand in size first.


 The profits from year Gu earlier had been depleted, in this situation, Fang Yuan needed to promote his other businesses urgently.


 He had a lot of resources, even though he completed the basic development, the immortal aperture’s development only went from three percent to four percent, but be it the immortal aperture’s development, modifying of killer moves, or soul path cultivation, he needed to invest even more resources into them.


 To improve further or increase his earnings, he needed to put in capital. The more he put in, the faster his growth.


 And for Fang Yuan, he had a vast number of inheritances, he had countless ways to farm resources, he even had many unique techniques, there were too many choices.


 And among them, which was the most suitable and helpful choice?


 Fang Yuan fell into deep contemplation.



***
Chapter 1471 - Split Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, inside a secret room in a cloud city.


 Fang Yuan’s soul came out of his body.


 His soul was already much stronger than before, he was at seventy million man soul level. Fang Yuan sacrificed his guts Gu profits and used Ying Wu Xie and the rest to farm souls, he cultivated used the two secluded domains of heaven and earth specialized in cultivating soul path, he naturally improved at a shocking speed like a rocket.


 “I am thirty million man soul away from hundred million man soul!”


 Fang Yuan evaluated his soul.


 It was clear and lifelike, his face was exquisite, his body size was normal, there was a light from deep within the soul that made people feel it was solid and pure.


 Rank nine killer move ghostly concealment was like a silk inner garment sticking to his soul, above it was a layer of ghost official garment.


 The modified immortal killer move ghost official garment used rank seven change soul Immortal Gu and rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu as the cores. In the past, it was just a loose shirt. The sleeves were long and extended to his feet, the shirt was very thin. But as his soul foundation continued to increase, this ghost official garment became thicker.


 Looking at it now, this ghost official garment had changed forms, not only did his loose shirt turn into a martial uniform, there was even a battle armor covering his shirt, it was a grand scene.


 This was the true appearance of the rank seven ghost official garment — Ghost General Garment!


 Earlier, because of the layer of ghostly concealment, ghost official garment and his soul had a weakened connection, it became the rank six level ghost soldier garment.


 But now that his soul foundation rose by many times, it regained its rank seven power.


 “But I am still a bit of distance away from the true ghost general garment.” Fang Yuan looked at his back.


 The complete form of ghost general garment not only had the martial uniform but also three war flags on his back. These flags were not evident now.


 But Fang Yuan’s cultivation session today was not just to inspect his soul path gains.


 Even though his soul left his body, his body’s mind still had wills in it, they started to use an immortal killer move —


 Split Soul!


 This move came from Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, after Fang Yuan modified it, he could use it.


 An intense pain assaulted Fang Yuan’s soul.


 His soul suffered a huge injury!


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and his soul entered his body again.


 This was the first time he was activating the killer move split soul.


 Split soul was different from usual killer moves, it needed the Gu Immortal’s soul to leave the body and leave behind thoughts, wills, or emotions to manipulate Gu worms, it was harder to use than normal immortal killer moves.


 After the activation failed, Fang Yuan wordlessly used guts Gu to heal himself.


 If split soul succeeded, he would not feel any pain in splitting his soul, it would be as easy as drinking water. But if he failed, the consequences would be severe, his soul would directly collapse under normal situations. Thus, Gu Immortals with weak soul foundations could not blindly use this move, it would be suicide.


 Fang Yuan only started to try this after reaching ten million man soul.


 Right now, his sword path killer moves were already modified, he had become familiar with them, he started to modify the soul path killer moves and practised them.


 Other than split soul, there was also soul suppression, soul howl, soul explosion, devour soul, soul replacement, soul beast summoning, and others.


 Fang Yuan did not have many soul path Immortal Gu, he could use these moves again but the effects would be greatly lowered.


 What decided Fang Yuan’s upper limit of battle strength was reverse flow protection seal, be it soul path methods, sword path, or wisdom path, they were only meant to increase Fang Yuan’s variety of moves.


 Modifying and practising soul path killer moves used up a lot of Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


 And for his immortal aperture development, Fang Yuan decided his focus.


 He thought about it and chose the dragonfish.


 Firstly, the dragonfish business had its foundation, and during this period, Fang Yuan accumulated a lot of dragonfish in his immortal aperture, he had a lot of stock.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had involved himself in the dragonfish business and had experience before. It was not like the year Gu business where he was a neophyte.


 Finally, dragonfish had transformation path and food path dao marks, according to rumors, dragonfish were life forms created by a food path Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan had the most authentic food path inheritance now, there were many ways within it to breed dragonfish on a massive scale.


 Dragon scale sea area.


 Fang Yuan first expanded this sea area again, he also modified the immortal Gu formation in this sea area.


 A brand new immortal Gu formation using rank six snack Immortal Gu, rank seven Dragon Scale, rank seven Dragon Breath, and rank six Dragon Strength as the cores, as well as one hundred and thirty thousand mortal Gu as supplementary Gu.


 Just by modifying this giant immortal formation, Fang Yuan spent three days. These three days, Fang Yuan did not sleep or rest, he was bathed in the light of wisdom.


 Constructing the immortal formation took him twelve days.


 Half a month later, Fang Yuan successfully raised this dragonfish resource point from a large sized resource point to a giant resource point.


 This way, the dragonfish would breed even faster, and with the sovereign immortal aperture’s rapid time flow, they would reproduce rapidly.


 Fang Yuan started to find new sellers for the dragonfish business.


 Lang Ya Sect was easily convinced, the snowman tribe also agreed to purchase dragonfish from Fang Yuan at regular intervals.


 Western Desert’s Xiao clan also became a large customer of Fang Yuan’s dragonfish business due to their relationship with the regretful spiders.


 As for Northern Plains’ Chu tribe, Chu Du secretly negotiated with Fang Yuan to create a ten plus year business agreement.


 The start was good, but next was the main activity.


 Fang Yuan placed these dragonfish into treasure yellow heaven.


 He naturally placed different wills in and changed his identity, people could not find out who he was.


 This time, Fang Yuan used a different strategy from the year Gu business.


 Fang Yuan had a decisive advantage in the year Gu business, he could charge in with brute force and destroy all of his obstacles.


 But in terms of dragonfish, Fang Yuan’s cost of raising them was not any cheaper, even though he had good methods. Thus, this time, he slowly increased the scale of his dragonfish sale.


 He was purposely doing this, there was little commotion and treasure yellow heaven was the same as usual.


 Fang Yuan cultivated as he quietly observed the market trend.


 Eastern Sea.


 Gu Immortal You Chan was holding onto a dragonfish and observing it.


 Under the lantern, her beautiful face was solemn as she frowned.


 She carefully inspected the dragonfish for several times before placing it in her immortal aperture, sighing softly to herself.


 “Who knows where this person came from, they are really strong, not only are their dragonfish really outstanding, there is also an unceasing stock coming from them.”


 You Chan was the number one seller for the dragonfish business in treasure yellow heaven.


 The year Gu business had three big sellers, but the dragonfish business was led by You Chan alone, she was far above the other Gu Immortals, she had been the number one for decades.


 On one hand, she was a water path Gu Immortal, she had a natural advantage in raising dragonfish. On the other hand, she occupied the famous dragonfish sea area, this was a natural breeding ground, the scale was massive.


 You Chan not only produced dragonfish in her immortal aperture, she even occupied an area in Eastern Sea, with both production grounds, her dragonfish stock was unsurmountable.


 Other than these external factors, You Chan was a cautious person with many acquaintances, she could acutely observe people and had very perceptive senses.


 You Chan naturally had her special traits to be able to dominate the dragonfish business.


 This time, Fang Yuan secretly increased the stock of his dragonfish and was immediately sensed by You Chan.


 You Chan bought a batch of dragonfish from Fang Yuan and after observing them, she realized that Fang Yuan was a huge foe!


 You Chan placed a lot of attention on it and immediately tried to probe Fang Yuan’s background.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 But even though she tried to disguise as a buyer and wanted to probe information from him, Fang Yuan’s will left behind no flaws. Even when You Chan expressed her will to communicate with Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan did not show up.


 After several days, You Chan felt increasing pressure, she found that Fang Yuan’s stock was gradually increasing.


 And in treasure yellow heaven’s market, there were already many Gu Immortals observing this change.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not create a commotion, You Chan was starting to feel greater pressure.


 “I cannot continue like this.” You Chan could not wait anymore, she left the dragonfish sea area.


 She did not fly, she was swimming, after several hundred li, she found an undercurrent.


 You Chan went into the undercurrent and used this natural phenomenon to accelerate her journey.


 This was Eastern Sea’s special trait, the other four regions did not have it.



***
Chapter 1472 - Fang Yuan’s Engagement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 You Chan was a water path Gu Immortal to begin with, she used the undercurrent to travel, it was faster than normal Gu Immortals flying.


 She went through many undercurrents, after some days, You Chan arrived in Nan Gong clan’s sea territory.


 Nan Gong clan was a righteous path super force of Eastern Sea, after You Chan came to their territorial border, she stopped and landed on a nameless island.


 She was here in Nan Gong clan to seek help, she had already used information path methods to inform him before coming.


 As expected, You Chan did not wait long, a Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal was waiting for her.


 “Fairy You Chan, Master Hua sent me here to welcome you, he is already waiting at Hua Qiao Pavilion.” The Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal was very respectful, he did not display the prideful nature of a super force member.


 On one hand, he only had rank six cultivation level, while You Chan was rank seven. On another hand, You Chan was a lone cultivator but had many connections, she was also one of the six publicly recognized great fairies in Eastern Sea, her reputation was well known, the Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal had to give her ample respect.


 “Thank you.” You Chan smiled lightly, she instantly made the Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal’s heart beat faster.


 “Fairy, follow me.” The Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal regained his cool and led the way.


 You Chan entered the sea along with him into the undercurrent, after several transitions, You Chan saw an Immortal Gu House in the sea.


 This Immortal Gu House was specially constructed, there was a pavilion in the center, there were stone tables and chairs in it, a Gu Immortal was brewing tea.


 You Chan followed the Nan Gong clan Gu Immortal to enter the pavilion.


 The man inside smiled as he said: “Fairy You Chan, you came from afar, sorry that I could not welcome you.”


 You Chan smiled: “Hua An, you are one of the three wisdom path experts in Eastern Sea, what can I do if you act so arrogantly?”


 You Chan and Hua An were very good friends, they were just playing with each other.


 The truth was, Hua An was originally a Hua clan Gu Immortal, but due to certain reasons, he left Hua clan. Hua clan was a righteous path super force, while escaping, Hua An obtained You Chan’s help, the two became good friends.


 After that, Nan Gong clan took in Hua An and he cultivated until he became reputed in Eastern Sea for wisdom path.


 There was a poem about it: Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea.


 The second verse was talking about him, Hua An.


 Even though Hua An was in Nan Gong clan, he was threatened by Hua clan all along, he had faced their assassination attempts multiple times. Thus, he usually stayed inside Nan Gong clan’s headquarters and rarely went out. Now that he took the risk to meet You Chan, it displayed his sincerity.


 You Chan knew about Hua An’s predicaments, she was satisfied that he met with her, she even felt a little joyful.


 Hua An laughed before pointing: “Fairy, take a seat.”


 You Chan did not stand on ceremony, she sat down and drank tea, before sighing: “The tea is good, but my heart is full of worries, I cannot appreciate it fully.”


 Hua An nodded: “Tell me in detail, fairy, I will do my best to plan for you and resolve your worries!”


 You Chan was drinking tea, while Fang Yuan drank wine.


 He was not drinking ordinary wine, this was engagement wine.


 And this engagement wine was not anyone else’s but his own!


 “Congratulations Lord Fang Yuan and Fairy Xue Er, it is truly wonderful that both of you lovers could get together. Hahaha!” Bing Zhuo laughed loudly as he spoke and toasted.


 Fang Yuan smiled and raised his cup in response, he looked around the place.


 This hall had two or three banquet tables, they were all filled with Gu Immortals.


 Most of them were variant human Gu Immortals, there were snowmen, hairy men, inkmen, and rockmen. Other than that, there was the Shadow Sect members led by Fang Yuan. Bai Ning Bing was not among them.


 Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, this was his engagement ceremony, he had an important status in the Northern Plains variant human alliance, almost all their Gu Immortals joined in.


 The snowman Gu Immortals cheered, while the rockman Gu Immortals had stiff expressions.


 This engagement ceremony was a good thing for the snowman tribe, but for the rockmen, seeing their neighbor that had been suppressed gaining a rank eight battle strength was simply a huge nightmare!


 “Elder Bing Yuan, you really did something amazing. I am truly impressed, I am very, very impressed.” At the banquet, the rockman first supreme elder Shi Zong said in a grim tone towards Bing Yuan.


 Bing Yuan was the grandmother of Xue Er, she was the one who initiated and planned the marriage with Fang Yuan, they had finally seen some results now.


 “This is the blessing of my granddaughter, sigh, to speak the truth, our tribe is the unworthy party.” Bing Yuan pretended not to notice Shi Zong’s mocking tone and responded while looking at the main table.


 Over there, Fang Yuan was sitting at the main seat, Xue Er was close beside him, having an uneasy expression.


 Bing Yuan sighed, she seemed to be having a glamorous time, but she was internally worried.


 This was not the wedding that she wanted, it was merely an engagement ceremony. Bing Yuan could fully feel Fang Yuan’s shrewdness, just this engagement ceremony alone made the snowmen pay a hefty price.


 This was her negotiation with Fang Yuan, after many difficult negotiations, they finally obtained this result.


 Both sides gave in a little, Fang Yuan obtained a new batch of resources, the snowmen could finally make use of Fang Yuan’s authority.


 “But to get this Fang Yuan to become one of us, such a person... did I do the right thing?” Bing Yuan thought about her discussion with Fang Yuan as she started doubting this entire thing.


 But on the surface, Bing Yuan did not show any emotions, she smiled and interacted in the banquet, it was a great atmosphere.


 Eastern Sea.


 Hua An had a look of shame as he said to You Chan: “Fairy, I have disappointed you, I could not deduce this person’s background.”


 “Even you, Master Hua, could not?” You Chan felt very surprised.


 Hua An had a solemn expression: “Firstly, just simply having the dragonfish clues make it hard to deduce. Secondly, this person has a killer move to conceal themselves that resists wisdom path deductions.”


 You Chan heard this and felt even more alerted. The other party had wisdom path methods to defend against deductions, but she did not.


 The enemy had it but she did not, they either came prepared or had a force behind them. No matter which one, it showed that the enemy was very powerful.


 “Don’t tell me the other party’s wisdom path attainment is even greater than yours? You are one of the three greatest wisdom path experts in Eastern Sea, you could not deduce it?” You Chan was unresigned.


 “Fairy, you are mistaken, wisdom path is different from water path. In this scene, it is like a river, the enemy has set up a dam at the narrowest part. No matter how wide the river is, after this dam, the water would become shallow and slow. We wisdom path Gu Immortals can create huge waves in deep rivers but after this crucial dam, we cannot use any of our abilities, the effort is not worth the results.” Hua An explained patiently, thinking that You Chan was a water path cultivator, he used water as an analogy.


 “Not just me, any other wisdom path Gu Immortal will not succeed in the deduction unless they break this layer of defense. Even though this defense is only at rank six level.”


 You Chan was distressed. She did not know much about wisdom path, in fact, most Gu Immortals did not know about wisdom path details.


 On one hand, wisdom path Gu Immortals had always been rare, on the other hand, wisdom path Gu Immortals who knew about wisdom path profundities would not want to tell the world about their specific details and inheritances.


 You Chan originally thought that with Hua An’s help, she would be able to find Fang Yuan’s information, but to think that she failed here.


 But the more this was the case, the more You Chan did not want to give up.


 Hua An understood her personality.


 You Chan was not only beautiful, she also had the tenacity of water, she could reach her status and gain such accomplishments due to her hard work.


 Thus, Hua An suggested: “We can probe even further, as long as we have more information and clues, I will have a greater chance of getting past his defenses. Even if one clue is minor, if we have a lot of them, we will eventually find our way to success.”


 You Chan nodded: “Wait a moment.”


 She immediately sent her consciousness into treasure yellow heaven as she looked for Fang Yuan’s will.


 Her earlier probes did not succeed, but now she still wanted to try.


 “You Chan, stop trying to test me. I am interested in the dragonfish business, or rather, I definitely want to be involved in this business.” Fang Yuan’s will told You Chan immediately.


 You Chan was shocked!


 Her expression changed, her consciousness returned to her body and she informed Hua An.


 Hua An’s expression changed too: “This... I’m afraid he has a huge background!”


 “I am the number one person in the dragonfish business, how can someone competing with me have no background?” You Chan rolled her eyes at Hua An.


 Hua An shook his head, he had a solemn expression: “I am talking about his wisdom path attainment. My earlier deduction was noticed by him and he did a reverse deduction on us, that’s how he found out your identity. I was already very careful, but he could actually deduce your identity with such limited information, his wisdom path attainment is definitely not lower than mine. In fact... it could be higher!”


 “Is that so?!” You Chan was shocked yet again.


 She did not expect that after finding Hua An for help, not only did he fail to find out their background, she even got exposed in advance!



***
Chapter 1473 - Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The banquet was extremely lively, this engagement ceremony had an extremely heavy political impact.


 Not only for the variant human alliance, but also for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not reject any of the toasts from the variant human Gu Immortals, with his interpersonal skills, he greatly improved his relationship with all the variant human Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan’s original status was quite awkward.


 He was a pure bred human, inside the variant human alliance, he was a loner by nature. The variant humans were suspicious towards Fang Yuan from the start.


 But this time, Fang Yuan had an engagement with Xue Er, the feeling was different now. He had squeezed his way into the variant human Gu Immortal circle. Before this, he was only part of Lang Ya Sect.


 “Of course, the true reason is because I have rank eight battle strength.” Fang Yuan was crystal clear about this.


 In the Gu Master world, an entity could rule above the group. As long as one had high cultivation level and battle strength, they would be unstoppable.


 “If she knew I had rank eight battle strength, would You Chan have backed off?” Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought in his mind.


 The dragonfish business was Fang Yuan’s next focus in his immortal aperture development.


 If You Chan backed off now, it would be perfect for Fang Yuan. But unfortunately, You Chan would not do that.


 Fang Yuan shook his head secretly.


 You Chan was currently one of the beneficiaries, it was too difficult to get her to give up her share of the cake. In treasure yellow heaven, even rank six Gu Immortals dared to contest rank eight Gu Immortals openly in business, or even provoke them.


 Treasure yellow heaven was a place not even Heavenly Court could take over!


 “You Chan... Eastern Sea’s six beauties... Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique...” Fang Yuan entertained the guests as he thought in his mind.


 Others did not know You Chan’s secret, but after gaining Shadow Sect’s inheritance, Fang Yuan learned about many crucial details. One of them stated that You Chan had one of the ten extreme physiques, the Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique!


 This was You Chan’s greatest secret, she had hidden it well, but Shadow Sect had a specialized method to search for the ten extreme physiques.


 In order to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect needed to gather all ten extreme physiques, during this process, they found out about You Chan’s secret.


 But back then, Shadow Sect already had the Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique, so they did not target You Chan.


 As for why You Chan had the Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique but cultivated water path, that was the difficulty faced by lone cultivators. You Chan obtained a water path inheritance in the past, without other options, she had to cultivate it solely.


 And later, it was too hard to change paths due to the risks involved, You Chan thus went on with it until now.


 Fang Yuan could deduce that You Chan was deducing him because he had a lot of information about her, he knew that she was his biggest competition in the dragonfish business. On the other hand, Fang Yuan had ghost official garment and many of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s killer moves, he even had the methods from Shadow Sect and Lang Ya Sect.


 As for the Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence Physique, it was written in >, chapter four, section twenty-seven —


 Legend says that the miniman surpassed Boundless Forest Samsara and persevered to build the ladder and made his way out of Ordinary Abyss.


 When the miniman saw Ren Zu, Ren Zu sighed, if he had perseverance Gu back then, he would have conquered Reverse Flow River and would not have created such a mess.


 Ren Zu wanted to save his children, but until now, he had not achieved anything.


 Ren Zu saw that the miniman had perseverance Gu and gained new hope, he said to the miniman: “Miniman, oh miniman, I need your help.”


 The miniman asked: “Oh Ren Zu, how do you want me to help you?”


 Ren Zu told the miniman that he wanted to borrow and use perseverance Gu.


 The miniman said: “Oh Ren Zu, the reason why I could leave Ordinary Abyss was because I used the trees that you planted. I chopped down those trees and built my ladder, thus, I owe you a favor.”


 The miniman agreed to lend perseverance Gu to Ren Zu.


 But after Ren Zu gained perseverance Gu, he realized he could not use it.


 “This is the perseverance of the miniman, not yours, Ren Zu.” Cognition Gu appeared at this time and told Ren Zu this fact.


 Ren Zu was anguished, he sighed deeply.


 He asked cognition Gu: “Then what should I do? I know that perseverance Gu can help me but I cannot use it. I know the feathermen can help me but love cannot control them.”


 Cognition Gu told Ren Zu: “Nobody can force anyone to love them, but you can create a Gu to lure the feathermen into helping you do things. Think about it, how did the miniman gain perseverance Gu?”


 Cognition Gu’s words were a huge inspiration to Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu was overjoyed: “Oh cognition Gu, thank you for the great idea. I know what to do now, I want to create my own Gu.”


 Cognition Gu was curious: “What Gu is that?”


 Ren Zu shook his head: “I am not sure, but I have an idea. I want this Gu to be something everyone in the world wants.”


 Thus, Ren Zu left Ordinary Abyss and went to the blue sea.


 This was the blue sea that formed life Gu, it was the source of all life in the world.


 Ren Zu had walked ashore from the blue sea, he was back here again.


 Ren Zu was thirsty, he scooped up the blue sea water and drank a few mouthfuls, he got more thirsty as he drank it, but Ren Zu was satisfied: “I want to use the blue sea water to refine Gu. After I succeed, no matter who obtains it, they will never be satisfied, they will want more.”


 Thus, Ren Zu took away a lot of blue sea water.


 After the sea level reduced, the beach was exposed. Ren Zu found that there were many sea urchin-like Gu on the beach.


 This was not life Gu, it was difficulty Gu.


 Any life would face difficulties.


 Ren Zu’s eyes shone, he said: “I want to refine Gu that everyone needs, but to obtain it, there will be difficulties.”


 Thus, he took many difficulty Gu.


 After doing all these, Ren Zu left the blue sea and headed to the door of life and death.


 After entering it, Ren Zu did not go deeply into the door of life and death, but only walked one round around the road of life.


 He gathered a lot of worry Gu as he said: “I want to refine Gu that after getting it, people will not abandon easily, they will be worried that it will go missing.”


 After leaving the door of life and death, along the way, Ren Zu met with sadness Gu.


 Ren Zu laughed happily: “Excellent, I want to refine Gu in which once people lose it, they will be very sad. This way, people will not abandon it easily.”


 Thus, he collected the sadness Gu.


 Ren Zu had gathered everything, he started to refine Gu.


 The flames of the Gu refinement raged on, a lot of black smoke was produced, attracting many Gu and lifeforms to come and watch.


 “Oh Ren Zu, what Gu are you trying to refine?” Stupidity Gu was lured here as it asked curiously.


 Ren Zu smiled: “Oh stupidity Gu, if you want to know, go into the fire and see for yourself.”


 Stupidity Gu went inside and never came out again.


 Not long after, wisdom Gu came here as well, it asked: “Oh Ren Zu, what are you trying to refine?”


 Ren Zu laughed: “Oh wisdom Gu, if you want to know, go into the fire and see for yourself.”


 Wisdom Gu flew in too.


 But it only flew into the black smoke, once its vision was obscured, it flew around randomly and flew out again.


 “Ren Zu, oh Ren Zu, I was almost deceived by you. I already know what you are refining, I am leaving.” Saying this, wisdom Gu flew away.


 Ren Zu felt that it was a pity, he sighed: “This way, after my Gu is refined, it can enslave stupid people, and blind wise people for some time.”


 Days passed one by one.


 The Gu refinement flame continued to burn, but he did not succeed.


 The black smoke did not fade away, it gathered in the sky and created huge black clouds.


 “Oh Ren Zu, you must have felt it, we are just one step away. This final step is the most crucial one.” Cognition Gu said.


 Ren Zu nodded, he stood up with determination and walked towards the fire: “It seems that this Gu needs to be created with human hands.”


 Saying so, Ren Zu chopped off both hands and threw them into the fire.


 Boom!


 The flame exploded as the endless dark clouds in the sky faded, under the golden sunlight that shone down, a little girl appeared before Ren Zu.


 “Oh father, thank you for giving life to me, I am Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence.” The girl was radiating an aura of prosperity, she smiled towards Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu looked at her and laughed: “Hahaha, I have another daughter now. But wait, did my Gu refinement succeed?”


 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence opened her right palm as she held the Gu towards Ren Zu: “Look father, this is the Gu that you refined, it is called — Wealth.”



***
Chapter 1474 - Wealth Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 This was a desert, the terrain was flat and endless towards the horizon.


 There was a cracked rocky terrain with no vegetation growing.


 But deep underground, it was another world. There was a huge mine built in an area full of natural ore.


 A hundred thousand rockmen were living here as miners, excavating all sorts of materials for Gu Immortals.


 This was the famous myriad ore desert in Western Desert, it was in the control of the super force Shi clan.


 The ore here were of various types and had huge quantity.


 Other than the mortal resources excavated by the rockmen, a lot of the immortal ore needed Gu Immortals to excavate themselves.


 Like the subterranean adamantite, it was the hardest rank six immortal material. Or the dark inkstone, even the ancient sword dragon’s claws could not leave a mark on it.


 And deep below this myriad ore desert, there was a huge gold fragment river current.


 The gold fragment current was a metallic river in immemorial yellow heaven, a fragment of the immemorial yellow heaven had fallen into the myriad ore desert back then.


 The immemorial yellow heaven fragment was once a land of treasures explored by Gu Immortals and Gu Masters. But as time passed and eras changed, the fragment got smaller and smaller before dissipating.


 In the process of dissipating, the dao marks that left it turned the surrounding desert into the myriad ore desert. And this gold fragment current was part of that fragment in the past, it had not dried up even until today.


 Fang Yuan’s Mini Yellow Heaven also had a gold fragment current, but it was very small, it was like an ant compared to the myriad ore desert’s gold fragment current.


 And in this huge gold fragment current, there was an immortal Gu formation.


 The Gu formation had been active all the time, monitoring the myriad ore desert and controlling the countless rockmen miners.


 Boom!


 Suddenly, there was a huge explosion as a blinding light emerged from the immortal formation, a crack was created in it as a door opened.


 Thick smoke came out from within the door.


 “Cough, cough.” From the colorful smoke, a rockman Gu Immortal walked out.


 But as he walked out, the rock skin on him fell off as his true identity was revealed.


 He was a pure bred human Gu Immortal.


 He was middle aged and had a mature gaze, his appearance was ordinary, he seemed like an easy going person.


 Right now, he was covered in soot as he coughed.


 “The eighty-ninth Gu refinement failed as well!” The middle aged Gu Immortal sighed as he coughed out blood.


 The blood clumps he coughed out were very special, after landing on the ground, they turned into all sorts of jewels, there were pearls, agate, jade, gold, silver, bronze, and more.


 If Fang Yuan was here, he would be shocked if he saw this, even with his knowledge.


 What was the reason this middle aged Gu Immortal suffered such a weird injury?


 The middle aged Gu Immortal looked at the jewels around him as he had a peaceful appearance, not feeling surprised.


 Because he knew what he was doing, he was refining wealth Gu!


 Wealth Gu, it was a legendary Gu written in >.


 According to Ren Zu’s biography, it was made from blue sea water, Ren Zu’s hands, worry Gu, difficulty Gu, sadness Gu, wisdom Gu, and stupidity Gu.


 However, it was basically impossible for the Gu Immortal to refine this Gu according to that recipe now.


 This was not just because it was a story, but because a lot of details were subtle and not literal. And these materials were already extinct in the current world.


 Fang Yuan had rank nine wisdom Gu even though it was not refined by him yet.


 But the blue sea was already missing, how could anyone find blue sea water?


 Even if they had it, what about Ren Zu’s hands?


 Then why was this middle aged Gu Immortal trying to refine wealth Gu?


 It was the usual saying, man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth, humans could create countless recipes to refine an Immortal Gu.


 The method in > could not be used, but the Gu Immortal could modify the recipe themselves!


 This middle aged Gu Immortal cultivated earth path, but he had a fortuitous encounter in his early days, he obtained an incomplete Immortal Gu recipe.


 It was unknown who was that person who left this incomplete recipe of wealth Gu in his research to refine it.


 The middle aged Gu Immortal obtained it and treated it as his treasure, because he knew that it was a precious Gu recipe and the predecessor’s contribution was huge, if he worked on this recipe, he could likely refine wealth Gu.


 From this wealth Gu recipe, the predecessor managed to deduce the effect of wealth Gu.


 If he could refine wealth Gu, he would be able to turn it into anything in this world. That thing could be gold, silver, or bronze, it could be rank six immortal material or even rank nine immortal material.


 But wealth Gu could not turn into any living being, including animals, plants, humans, variant humans, and Gu.


 “If I refine wealth Gu, I will be able to turn it into any immortal material in the world, it is a hugely profitable business. I only need to convert it into an extinct Gu material to gain immense wealth, I can even increase my cultivation foundation and surpass the entire Shi clan!” The middle aged Gu Immortal was extremely moved, he wanted to refine wealth Gu desperately.


 He did not tell anyone about this, he was afraid of people’s greed.


 This middle aged Gu Immortal was Shi Zhong.


 Shi clan was a righteous path super force in Western Desert.


 Shi Zhong had an awkward position in Shi clan. Even though he had rank seven cultivation level, he was ostracized by Shi clan’s Gu Immortals.


 There was a historical reason for this, Shi Zhong’s father betrayed the clan and caused huge losses to them, not just in resources but also Gu Immortals’ lives.


 Thus, since a young age, Shi Zhong had not been well treated by the Shi clan Gu Immortals.


 In order to gain trust, Shi Zhong changed his name to Shi Zhong 1 to express his loyalty to the clan. But that did not change anything.


 He was sent away by Shi clan’s first supreme elder to defend this myriad ore desert.


 This place had abundant resources, but it bordered other super forces that were enemies of Shi clan, Shi Zhong was in great danger here. And there was little profits to be gained because this immortal formation was monitored the entire time, it was so strict Shi Zhong had no chance to do anything.


 The truth was, even if it was not strict, Shi Zhong would not try anything. If he was found out, his circumstances would be much worse.


 Precisely so, Shi Zhong held great anticipation towards wealth Gu.


 “The basis of Gu Immortal cultivation is the management of one’s immortal aperture. Without deep assets and foundation, no matter how much your battle strength is, that is only temporary, it is like building a skyscraper on a ground of sand.” Shi Zhong had this realization, he had been working hard, even though the process was tough, he had never given up.


 Thinking about his Gu Immortal cultivation journey, other than preparing for the necessary tribulations, he had invested all of his resources into the project of refining wealth Gu.


 “Eighty-nine failures, I do not have enough humans now.” Shi Zhong healed his injuries and checked his inventory, he realized that his human Gu material was insufficient, he had to collect more.


 Shi Zhong was a righteous path Gu Immortal, but he actually used humans as Gu material, that was a demonic act.


 But as long as he kept it a secret, nobody would know, Shi Zhong did not leave any evidence behind, nobody could target him.


 Shi Zhong was very cautious in this, he would not let anyone find any clues to his actions. The human slaves that he bought were all from treasure yellow heaven, they were very safe purchases.


 “I am using humans in place of the blue sea water in wealth Gu’s recipe as well as Ren Zu’s hands. This is not wrong. But was it not enough, do I need to add in lifespan Gu as well?”


 Shi Zhong considered.


 He had lifespan Gu, but he did not dare to waste them.


 “> wrote that even though wisdom Gu was not sacrificed like stupidity Gu, it was part of the refinement process, I do not have wisdom Gu, I used other wisdom path Gu worms in place of it, I can improve upon this aspect.”


 Worry Gu, difficulty Gu, sadness Gu, Shi Zhong had all of these mortal Gu, they were not hard to get.


 He could even refine stupidity Gu himself.


 “The Gu recipe is getting more and more complete.” Shi Zhong healed his injuries and inspected the blood he spat on the ground.


 His blood had turned into jewels and ore.



***
Chapter 1475 - Heavenly Secret Gu Refined!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shi Zhong had been immersed in this for a long time, he could tell that he had improved by observing his blood clumps.


 “Even though I improved this time, I am still far from success, there are a few missing steps. I need to work harder!” Shi Zhong was very experienced in this, he had a strong instinct developing.


 He calculated and it was time to feed his Immortal Gu again.


 Shi Zhong inherited his family’s inheritance, he had multiple Immortal Gu, that made the other Shi clan Gu Immortals very envious. It was a pity that taking over the inheritance had rules and could not be broken.


 Shi Zhong owning these Immortal Gu was also a reason why he was targeted and ostracized by other Shi clan Gu Immortals.


 He inspected his inventory and felt a huge headache.


 “It is a little troublesome, I lack some food. I forgot that when refining wealth Gu, because I was missing some materials, I sold some of the food for my Immortal Gu that I had prepared earlier.”


 “At this time... it is too difficult to gather more food. I should buy some dragonfish in place of the food, and feed my Immortal Gu first.”


 Thinking of this, Shi Zhong did not hesitate, his consciousness went into treasure yellow heaven.


 “Dragonfish...” He had a clear objective, he found that many Gu Immortals were selling dragonfish.


 As a buyer, he had to compare the goods of multiple sellers.


 The dragonfish business was not like year Gu, it was sold all year round. Because dragonfish bred in all seasons, its market was lively at all times.


 Shi Zhong first went to You Chan’s stall.


 As everyone knew, You Chan was the number one dragonfish seller in treasure yellow heaven.


 But she did not sell only dragonfish, she also sold other products, though primarily fish species.


 In the past, when Shi Zhong wanted to buy dragonfish, he would get them from You Chan because her reputation made her very trustworthy.


 If things went as expected, he would buy dragonfish from her this time as well.


 After seeing You Chan’s goods, Shi Zhong did not buy them yet, he went to look around.


 He soon found Fang Yuan’s stall.


 “Hmm? Someone is selling dragonfish here too? There is a quite a high quantity.” Shi Zhong looked around and felt quite surprised.


 He inspected and found that the dragonfish sold here were high in quantity and quality, they were on par with You Chan’s dragonfish.


 “And this stall seems more popular too.” Shi Zhong looked around, there were several Gu Immortal wills here, as well as some divine senses communicating here.


 “To think that after being in secluded cultivation for so long, the dragonfish business in treasure yellow heaven has a new strong contender.” Shi Zhong was thinking when a Gu Immortal will went to him and spoke.


 “Friend, you are here to buy dragonfish too? Why don’t we buy it together, it will be cheaper.” This divine sense said.


 “Oh? What is going on?” Shi Zhong asked.


 That divine sense explained: “You do not know? The dragonfish seller here has different rules. As long as you purchase beyond a certain quantity, the price will be lower. There are several classifications, but the point is that the more you buy, the cheaper it is.”


 Shi Zhong heard this and praised in his mind: “This method is great.”


 Next, he thought of himself: “Maybe I can use this method when I sell things in the future.”


 Shi Zhong considered it and felt the brilliance of this method.


 Even though it was essentially a drop in prices, with a higher quantity sold, the overall profits would still increase. Compared to the year Gu price war earlier, this method was much more subtle and profound.


 “Using this method not only makes the sales of the dragonfish higher, it can raise their reputation. If someone really wants to buy dragonfish, to make it cheaper, they will invite their friends or even strangers to buy it together, it is a form of publicity for the seller.”


 Shi Zhong kept thinking about it, he felt that the dragonfish seller truly had amazing ideas.


 “No wonder the Gu Immortal stall here has more people compared to that number one seller.”


 “Hehe, there might be proxies here set by the seller, not here to buy dragonfish but only existing to create a crowd.”


 Shi Zhong instantly felt interest about this seller.


 “Forget it, I will buy it from here. The price is cheaper after all!” Thinking about this, Shi Zhong communicated with the unknown immortal and worked together.


 Both sides were very happy, after both sides negotiated, they purchased a hundred thousand dragonfish together.


 After the purchase, they split the goods in treasure yellow heaven and returned satisfied.


 Setting aside how Shi Zhong is going to feed his Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortal who cooperated with Shi Zhong immediately left treasure yellow heaven after getting the goods and returned to the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Shi Zhong guessed right, the person who bought it with him was a proxy, they were not Fang Yuan but one of the other Gu Immortals from Shadow Sect.


 Even if people could guess this, how could they prove it in treasure yellow heaven?


 There was no way.


 Actually, this was not a method invented by Fang Yuan.


 Shi Zhong had been focused on Gu refinement and did not pay much attention to treasure yellow heaven, this method had been used by people long ago.


 The novelty of the idea was not important, only the effect mattered.


 Ignoring anything else, Fang Yuan was very successful at doing this.


 These last days, as he increased the quantity of his goods in treasure yellow heaven, he had gotten much more attention.


 A huge quantity represented his capabilities. Buyers were naturally more willing to buy from a more reliable seller.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan used the appropriate method to sell them, his reputation was slowly climbing.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonfish were of high quality, with the food path immortal formation, their quality would only continue to increase.


 Initially, there were few Gu Immortals who bought from him and they only bought a few each time. But gradually, more and more Gu Immortals bought dragonfish from him, the quantity sold was rapidly increasing as well, in fact, he was getting recurring customers.


 As Fang Yuan’s greatest dragonfish business competitor, Eastern Sea’s You Chan was still selling her dragonfish calmly without any commotion.


 “You Chan’s inaction is correct, because in the short term, my method cannot threaten her. In fact, if she tries to use a similar tactic, it would greatly erode her earnings. After all, she is selling much more dragonfish than me.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 You Chan was acting very calmly in this situation, she had a great disposition.


 “But after a while, she will start getting worried. Hehe.” Fang Yuan was very confident.


 The food path immortal formation he created only used a few Immortal Gu and some immortal essence to use, it was extraordinary.


 But this method needed at least several or even a dozen generations of dragonfish breeding to see effect.


 You Chan was not anxious, neither was Fang Yuan, the longer this dragged on, the greater his advantage in the dragonfish business.


 After retrieving his divine sense from treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan came to the Gu refinement hall and saw Sixth Hair.


 Sixth Hair was thin and haggard, in order to refine Gu for Fang Yuan, he had gone all out, he was exhausted both mentally and physically.


 Now, he was at the final step of heavenly secret Gu’s refinement.


 It was time for Fang Yuan to act.


 White light filled the Gu refinement hall, nobody could open their eyes in such intense light.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes and entered the white light, he stopped when he got to the center.


 An intense aura assaulted him, it was neither mortal nor immortal, it was in-between, at the final step before a qualitative change.


 “We can start now.” Fang Yuan cleared his mind as he transmitted to Sixth Hair.


 After counting down, Sixth Hair deactivated the refinement path immortal formation in the hall.


 Fang Yuan immediately took over!


 Countless thoughts emerged from his mind, he used wisdom path methods concurrently, he took over the immortal formation successfully, under his hard work, the surrounding white light condensed and formed into a huge ring.


 The ring was parallel to the ground, it surrounded Fang Yuan with him in the center.


 Refinement path killer move — Heavenly Light Ring!


 The first rotation.


 Fang Yuan willed as the ring started to rotate slowly.


 The first rotation succeeded, at the second rotation.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes and used his gaze to move the ring, it started to rotate even faster.


 After several minutes, the second rotation succeeded, and at the third rotation.


 Fang Yuan used his breath to move the ring, after a moment, he succeeded.


 The fourth, fifth, and sixth rotations also succeeded as time passed, Fang Yuan was at the final seventh rotation.


 “It seems that sect leader put in a lot of effort after that failure.” Sixth Hair watched from the side with anxiety, he sighed.


 Seventh rotation.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and did his best to rotate the ring.


 Right now, the ring had already shrunk to basin-size, it floated above his head.


 Boom!


 With a soft sound, the ring shrunk into a tiny speck.


 This was a Gu.


 Rank seven heavenly secret Gu landed on Fang Yuan’s head.


 “I actually succeeded.” Even the person himself, Fang Yuan, was surprised.


 He failed the first refinement, but actually succeeded on the second try.


 After his surprise, Fang Yuan felt intense joy.


 “Maybe it was because I used luck path methods and had really good luck.”


 Fang Yuan took heavenly secret Gu down from his head and looked at it.


 This Immortal Gu resembled a dragonfly, but upon closer inspection, it looked more like a twig.


 The entire heavenly secret Immortal Gu was very long, it was half the length of an adult arm.


 Its body was thin and long like a twig, it was very soft. There were seven feathered wings on each of its two sides, they were thin and green, resembling leaves.


 It was flying casually in the air, or rather, it was so slow it looked like it was floating.


 Fang Yuan observed it for a while before letting out a breath of air, sighing: “I finally refined heavenly secret Immortal Gu!”



***
Chapter 1476 - Heaven’s Will Dissipation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Deep under Eastern Sea.


 “I am ashamed, you came all this way but I could not help you.” Hua An smiled bitterly as he said to You Chan.


 The two were parting now.


 You Chan came to find Hua An for help, but because of Fang Yuan’s superior wisdom path defense method, not only did Hua An fail to find out anything, You Chan even got exposed in the process.


 After hearing Hua An’s words, You Chan shook her head, she looked at Hua An’s strands of white hair as she said sincerely: “Hua An, don’t say that. You expended your own lifespan for my matter when doing the deduction, I will engrave this in my mind. The reason we did not succeed was because the other party was too strong.”


 Hua An nodded: “Your opponent this time is not simple. But no matter what, I failed to help you this time, if you need any help in the future, come and find me, as long as you do not mind my low attainment in wisdom path.”


 “Hehehe, oh you.” You Chan smiled, Hua An’s words made her eyes shine, the gloominess in her heart dissipated.


 The two bid farewell.


 You Chan flew in the sky.


 The wind brushed against her face and clothes.


 While feeling this cold wind, she was calm as ice.


 “Even though the opponent is very strong, I will not give up!”


 “Even though Hua An failed to deduce anything, that does not mean I do not have strength. It is time to counterattack in my own way.”


 You Chan made up her mind, looking at the sky and sea, her face was filled with determination.


 Fang Yuan soon caught wind of You Chan’s new actions.


 He had been paying attention to her.


 You Chan added a new rule when selling the dragonfish. As long as returning customers bought from her, they would get a discount. For a period of ten years, as long as they bought dragonfish from her across consecutive years, they would get higher discounts.


 Once she did that, she stabilized the situation. Many of the buyers who were lured to Fang Yuan earlier returned to her quickly.


 You Chan’s method made full use of her advantage, she was bullying Fang Yuan for being a complete newcomer in this business!


 Fang Yuan could not employ this same method with the same effectiveness as her.


 Not only did You Chan do this, she also increased her stock of dragonfish in treasure yellow heaven, they piled up into a mountain, her desolate beast dragonfish could form into an army.


 She was blatantly displaying her huge wealth and foundation.


 With this, she obtained great results.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s discussions were all regarding You Chan.


 “You Chan is the number one seller after all, to think that she had so much dragonfish for sale.”


 “That challenger must be stunned now, no matter who he is, there is a difference between him and You Chan.”


 “You Chan has been in this business for so long, her number one throne is not so easy to take down.”


 “Let’s wait a while, I feel like the mysterious challenger is not so simple.”


 A small group of Gu Immortals were awaiting Fang Yuan’s response.


 But for the following period of time, Fang Yuan did not do anything, it was as if he did not hear about You Chan’s actions.


 Fang Yuan still sold his dragonfish like before, even though his business was just starting to take off, he had suffered a huge blow.


 “You Chan’s current strength far surpasses me. My current strength is too low, if we compete, it will not be wise.” Even Fang Yuan himself had to admit that after seeing You Chan’s assets, his foundation in the dragonfish business was much lower than You Chan.


 Fang Yuan had only raised his dragonfish for so long, You Chan had been in this for a longer period. This was Fang Yuan’s weakness in accumulation, he could not catch up to her in the meantime.


 Fang Yuan endured You Chan’s counterattack and provocation.


 Those Gu Immortals who were watching the show gave up on their expectations towards Fang Yuan.


 Only You Chan did not put down her wariness.


 Fang Yuan’s inaction was a surprise to her, she felt a little worried.


 A sheathed sword was the scariest, if Fang Yuan had reacted to her actions, You Chan would be able to counterattack based on his actions. But Fang Yuan refused to do anything, You Chan did not know what to do now, she was naturally feeling vexed and worried.


 “Should I go on the offensive? Should I force him to react?” You Chan thought about it, she decided to use the most stable method.


 “Forget it, this situation is greatly advantageous to me, at this rate, in a few months, this mysterious opponent’s business will completely collapse, he will lose all of his customers.”


 “In this situation, why should I be worried? He should be the anxious one.”


 You Chan cultivated water path, she knew the saying ‘water benefits all things but does not contend with them’, there was no need to act excessively 1 .


 Fang Yuan observed her for a few days, he soon found that You Chan started to stay passive now.


 He praised her in his mind, he realized: he had met with a troublesome opponent this time in the dragonfish business.


 But Fang Yuan felt no anxiety.


 He had a revised plan for this dragonfish business.


 “The longer we drag on, the greater my advantage, I should wait for now.”


 His immortal aperture development was stuck at the dragonfish business, but that did not stop him from cultivating other aspects.


 His soul foundation had already accumulated to eighty million man soul, he should have gone to hundred million man soul, but during this period, Fang Yuan practiced immortal killer move split soul, his soul was often injured and his foundation was lowered.


 But this way, Fang Yuan’s gain was that split soul became more and more complete. He even used the light of wisdom during this period to modify the steps of activating split soul.


 Other than split soul, Fang Yuan also practiced other soul path killer moves.


 But these killer moves had weaker strength than the original version because he lacked Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s current focus was on heavenly secret Immortal Gu.


 Different from most Gu Immortals, whenever Fang Yuan obtains a new Immortal Gu, his strength would rise sharply. This was because he had a vast number of inheritances, including the usage of many Immortal Gu.


 Heavenly secret Immortal Gu was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it was later refined by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split soul Old Man Yan Shi, and was destroyed in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had refined it again.


 Fang Yuan took out heavenly secret Immortal Gu.


 Heavenly Secret had seven pairs of feather wings, it was floating before Fang Yuan.


 Even until now, when Fang Yuan saw this Immortal Gu, he would sigh at his own good luck.


 He did not expect that he had only tried to refine this Gu twice and succeeded on the second try!


 This was a rank seven Immortal Gu!


 His success was very lucky, it felt like a dream to Fang Yuan. If he had to try again, he had no confidence at all, he could not replicate this success.


 Refining Immortal Gu was like this, it could make a Gu Immortal feel a roller coaster of emotions.


 Sometimes, one could fail a hundred times without success. But sometimes, they could succeed after one or two tries!


 Fang Yuan had refined Gu countless times, he had chains of failures, and also a lucky success like heavenly secret Immortal Gu, refining Gu was really an uncertainty.


 It was truly a gamble!


 Different from other Immortal Gu, there were only a few immortal killer moves involving heavenly secret Immortal Gu.


 This was because Old Man Yan Shi had not created heavenly secret Immortal Gu for a long time, and due to Shadow Sect’s plans, Old Man Yan Shi needed to spend a lot of time on the overall plans, and only created a few killer moves for it.


 And most importantly, the most valuable move was exposing heavenly secret.


 This killer move could predict the contents of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, the usefulness of it was immense!


 As long as the prediction succeeds, one could put up defensive measures against it, the success rate of the tribulation would rise greatly, this was an Immortal Gu that would greatly shook the Gu Immortal world.


 “Or maybe, I can start a business on this?” Fang Yuan had a thought.


 Once this business gets on track and becomes reputed, it might not have a stream of profits all year round, but each time he had a deal, the profits would be immense!


 There was definitely a market for it.


 However, in his current situation, Fang Yuan thought about it and gave up.


 Because he did not want to expose the Immortal Gu.


 His greatest enemy was Heavenly Court.


 He had ten years to stop Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu completely.


 Right now, even though he developed rapidly, he was still endlessly far away from this goal, there was no hope of success.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan needed to keep heavenly secret Immortal Gu as his trump card, if he did business with it, Heavenly Court’s wisdom path Gu Immortals were not fools, they would learn about this.


 Thus, Fang Yuan intended to conceal heavenly secret Immortal Gu and not expose news of it.


 Wasting no time, Fang Yuan started to practise his killer moves.


 This killer move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core, it was not exposing heavenly secret, but was called heaven’s will dissipation.


 For the short period of time, Fang Yuan did not need to urgently practise exposing heavenly secret.


 Because earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations were no longer problems for him, he could easily pass them.


 At rank seven, the only risky one was grand tribulations.


 But he was far away from a grand tribulation.


 Heaven’s will dissipation was a wisdom path killer move, it used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core, it targeted heaven’s will and could get rid of heaven’s will completely.


 This move was created by Old Man Yan Shi, but he did not succeed, heaven’s will dissipation was only an incomplete move when Fang Yuan obtained it.


 Fang Yuan practised it for a while, the incomplete move could not succeed in activation of course, but the process allowed Fang Yuan to learn about the profundity of heaven’s will dissipation.


 He praised Old Man Yan Shi’s talent in his mind.


 With heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s help, heaven’s will could be directly attacked by the Gu Immortal and eliminate it.


 But there were many factors in this, he was still far from actually succeeding.


 But that was not a problem for Fang Yuan.


 He had lower wisdom path attainment level than Old Man Yan Shi, but he had his own foundation, and he could use the greatest advantage he had, the light of wisdom!


 Wisdom Gu showed the power and value of a rank nine Immortal Gu once again.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan completed the incomplete heaven’s will dissipation.


 After getting this move, he started to use it on Spring Autumn Cicada!



***
Chapter 1477 - Copper Dragonfish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This Immortal Gu looked like a cicada, its head and stomach were brown and yellow, there were tree bark rings on its surface. The wings on its back were huge, they were translucent and resembled two overlapping tree leaves.


 It was emitting rank six Immortal Gu aura at all times.


 It was the rank six time path Immortal Gu — Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The current Spring Autumn Cicada was sealed by Fang Yuan within the immortal zombie body’s aperture.


 Its body was warm and shiny, its wings were green like fresh leaves, this showed that Spring Autumn Cicada had completely recovered, it could be used already.


 If it was right after rebirth, Spring Autumn Cicada’s body would have no shininess, it would be dark and withered like rotting wood. Its wings would be yellow like the wilting leaves of autumn. The tips of its wings would curl up and look like fallen leaves.


 Spring Autumn Cicada had a huge background, it was the Immortal Gu created by one of the ten venerables in human history, Red Lotus Demon Venerable, personally. It was also his vital Gu, it had an important status.


 Its effect was to let a Gu Immortal sacrifice everything they had as fuel to move in the River of Time, carrying their will upstream towards the past.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability was incredible, but it had a major flaw too.


 The owner of Spring Autumn Cicada would have their luck weakened at all times. Simply speaking, Spring Autumn Cicada attracted bad luck.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan looked at Spring Autumn Cicada with complex emotions.


 It had been with him since his previous life, without Spring Autumn Cicada, there would not be Fang Yuan.


 There was a question, which Immortal Gu had the biggest significance to a Gu Immortal? This question’s answer varied among people, every Gu Immortal had their own answer. But Fang Yuan only had one answer, it was Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Forget about his past life, looking at his current life.


 Qing Mao Mountain, Three Kings blessed land, Yi Tian mountain, Spring Autumn Cicada displayed its might each time, it was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Gu indeed, Fang Yuan managed to turn the situation around and escape from danger each time.


 But after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had lost Spring Autumn Cicada. Even though Fang Yuan regained Spring Autumn Cicada later, it was filled with heaven’s will and he could not use it anymore.


 Fang Yuan left the control of heaven’s will and became its enemy, the Spring Autumn Cicada filled with heaven’s will was completely unusable to Fang Yuan.


 To display Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability again, Fang Yuan would need to get rid of the heaven’s will within. If not, even if he tried to rebirth, heaven’s will would directly kill him.


 “Now let me see how this move works.” Fang Yuan muttered as bright light shone in his eyes.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven’s Will Dissipation!


 After some preparation, Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a grey-white light.


 Next, he used his hand that was covered in the grey-white light to touch the immortal zombie body.


 The grey-white light was like flowing water, it flowed down from his body and arm to cover the entire immortal zombie body.


 The grey-white light lasted for a while before changing.


 Eyes appeared in the grey-white light.


 These eyes were multicolored, resembling a rainbow.


 They first appeared around Fang Yuan’s palm, before they increased in numbers and spread to the surroundings.


 Soon, these multicolored eyeballs covered the immortal zombie body. They blinked as they changed colors with each blink.


 Next, the multicolored eyeballs spread towards the aperture.


 Eventually, Spring Autumn Cicada’s surface was covered by a small layer of colored eyeballs.


 The colored eyeballs blinked continuously, each time they blinked, it was an attack against heaven’s will.


 Spring Autumn Cicada started to shake.


 The multicolored eyeballs were created and destroyed continuously, Fang Yuan continued to expend his red date immortal essence to allow an unceasing stream of multicolored eyeballs to grow.


 Spring Autumn Cicada started to shake intensely.


 After a while of shaking, Fang Yuan saw that Spring Autumn Cicada’s surface had a mild crack.


 His heart sank as he quickly stopped the killer move.


 Guh.


 His body shook like he was zapped by lightning, he had stopped the move too quickly, Fang Yuan was injured from it.


 But this mild injury could not compare to the safety of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Fang Yuan ignored his injuries, he quickly checked his Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The crack on Spring Autumn Cicada was not evident, but Fang Yuan had a vigilant nature, the moment it appeared, he noticed it.


 The crack meant that Spring Autumn Cicada was injured.


 Almost all Gu worms were fragile, be they rank six, seven, or even nine. Even if Spring Autumn Cicada was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Gu, it was no exception.


 After inspecting it, Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn.


 “Heaven’s will...” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s injury was not severe, because he had discovered it early, such a mild injury was easy to handle.


 But he could not continue using heaven’s will dissipation.


 At this rate, cracks would enlarge and increase in numbers, Spring Autumn Cicada would be destroyed.


 Heaven’s will’s influence on Spring Autumn Cicada was far deeper and more severe than Fang Yuan had expected.


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a moment and found his solutions.


 He had two ways now.


 One was to continue modifying immortal killer move heaven’s will dissipation until it could get rid of heaven’s will without harming Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The second was to use Shadow Sect’s method, using refinement path methods to refine Spring Autumn Cicada before reverse refining it. During this process, he would get rid of the heaven’s will.


 These two methods were flawed.


 Modifying heaven’s will dissipation was quite hard. The truth was, it was not easy for Fang Yuan to deduce heaven’s will dissipation, it was near his limit. It was not impossible to continue progressing in this aspect, but he would need to spend a huge amount of time, effort, and resources.


 And Shadow Sect’s Gu refinement method was only a concept, it was hard to execute in real life.


 Heaven’s will had such a huge influence on Spring Autumn Cicada, along with the risk that came with Gu refinement, as long as it wreaked havoc, accidents would occur during the refinement process.


 “It seems that I need to combine both methods, that would be the safest method.” Fang Yuan thought about it, he decided to go ahead with both ways.


 Fang Yuan moved quickly, coming to wisdom Gu.


 “I’ll rely on you.”


 Wisdom Gu flew around Fang Yuan before emitting the light of wisdom.


 Bathing in the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan easily used many wisdom path methods. Thoughts moved in his mind like huge waves, countless thoughts were produced and destroyed, they collided and created major fireworks.


 Red date immortal essence was expended rapidly, Fang Yuan’s forehead was soon covered in sweat.


 The difficulty of the deduction was huge, it was evident from Fang Yuan’s tightly knitted brows.


 Fifteen minutes, thirty minutes... after two hours, Fang Yuan stopped.


 He let out a breath of air, his expression was pale.


 He had given it his all in his deduction, his brain was hurting now, his soul had turned dim, his vision also turned dark.


 After resting for some time, Fang Yuan recovered and used the light of wisdom for deductions again.


 The deduction was very difficult, his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level was useless here, it was beyond his current capability.


 Fang Yuan was forcefully using the light of wisdom to breakthrough.


 But Fang Yuan had a determined personality, he refused to give up, he had no such thoughts of backing down.


 He even placed his soul path cultivation and killer move practice aside, he placed all his time and energy into the wisdom path deduction.


 Even without any sleep or rest, working as hard as he could, progress was slow.


 But Fang Yuan persevered.


 “It is fine as long as there is progress, even if a day has little progress, what if I spend days, tens of days or even months on this?”


 With such determination and perseverance, Fang Yuan went on to tackle this problem head on.


 During this period, his dragonfish business was starting to find a breakthrough.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, dragon scale sea area.


 Countless dragonfish formed into groups as they swam in the sea.


 Dragonfish looked like red carps, but much larger. Desolate beast dragonfish had even larger bodies, they were giants in the sea.


 But the battle strength of the dragonfish was bottom tier, nothing of value.


 After this period of breeding, a special type of dragonfish had appeared in Fang Yuan’s dragon scale sea area.


 This dragonfish was smaller than normal dragonfish, at the same time, the scales were a bit dimmer, having a metallic luster to it, resembling red copper.


 “The copper dragonfish has finally been bred.” Fang Yuan inspected it and felt satisfied.


 Dragonfish were not a natural life form, they were created by a food path Gu Immortal.


 The person who created the dragonfish was none other than the beastman who created food path itself.


 Fang Yuan obtained the inheritance of this beastman Gu Immortal from Shadow Sect, he had a deep understanding of dragonfish.


 The dragonfish in the market might have food path dao marks, but they also had a mix of dao marks from countless other paths. But if he used the method in the inheritance to breed them, after many generations, a higher quality breed of dragonfish would come about.


 Like the copper dragonfish, it was a new species superior to normal dragonfish.


 What created this situation was the food path immortal Gu formation that Fang Yuan had set up painstakingly!


 Fang Yuan saw that there were a lot of copper dragonfish, he placed a portion of them into treasure yellow heaven.


 “If I had just started the dragonfish business, this small quantity of copper dragonfish would not gain any attention.”


 “But earlier, I had already started selling dragonfish and even received You Chan’s counterattack, the other Gu Immortals all know that I am in this business now.”


 “Hehe.” Fang Yuan thought of this and laughed.


 He did not need to guess to know that these copper dragonfish would create a huge commotion when they enter treasure yellow heaven.


 “Oh You Chan, this is my true trump card, how will you deal with it?” Fang Yuan thought expectantly to himself.



***
Chapter 1478 - Success


***





 



 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days after the copper dragonfish was put up for sale.


 Treasure yellow heaven went into a commotion.


 “What dragonfish is this?”


 “Copper dragonfish? A brand new species?”


 “I heard the seller saying that the copper dragonfish has a better effect compared to normal dragonfish.”


 “Haha, this will be quite a show.”


 “Indeed, I thought that this seller was defeated by You Chan. But to think that he waited so long just for this powerful counterattack!”


 “We are all going to benefit from the appearance of this new copper dragonfish species. I can deduce that this seller has a food path true inheritance.” Some Gu Immortals were jealous and envious, especially those experts.


 The feeding of Immortal Gu was a problem that troubled not just Fang Yuan alone.


 Food path true inheritances were something that most Gu Immortal experts wanted, they just did not have the fortuitous encounters.


 However, treasure yellow heaven was a safe place that even Heavenly Court was without options against, these Gu Immortal experts went to approach Fang Yuan’s will instead.


 They directly talked about the food path true inheritance, they expressed their strong intentions to buy it.


 But Fang Yuan ignored all of them.


 He had so many inheritances in his hands, if he sold them, it would cause a huge commotion in the market, he would earn a ton of profits.


 But that was fueling his enemies.


 In the following great era, when the five regions chaotic war starts, anyone could become Fang Yuan’s enemy. In fact, Heavenly Court was already an irreconcilable enemy!


 “Find him, find out the identity of this seller.” After being rejected by Fang Yuan, some did not give up.


 Some rank eight Gu Immortals decided to collect Fang Yuan’s intel and try to deduce themselves, or hire wisdom path Gu Immortals to help.


 An innocent man attracts greed because of his wealth.


 Those who were troubled by the feeding of Immortal Gu were usually the ones who had more Immortal Gu in their possession.


 And these people who had lots of Immortal Gu were basically the stronger ones among their peers. Food path true inheritances were not just the solution to this problem.


 There was also the dragonfish business!


 With the appearance of the copper dragonfish, Gu Immortals saw how much potential this business had as a result of the food path true inheritance!


 But they were bound to fail.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path defense method made even one of the three wisdom path expert in Eastern Sea, Hua An, fail his deductions. Heavenly Court and heaven’s will were also unable to deal with him.


 In the past, Fang Yuan had gone into hiding because he needed to avoid deductions, but now, he no longer cared about this problem.


 An ordinary copper dragonfish was held in You Chan’s hands as it struggled from time to time.


 You Chan’s hands were trembling slightly, her expression was unsightly.


 This tiny insignificant copper dragonfish was a huge threat in You Chan’s eyes. This was far more terrifying and severe than Fang Yuan lowering his prices.


 “To think that the enemy is able to retaliate like this. Impressive, truly impressive, my worry was completely correct.”


 After a long while, You Chan calmed down and sighed repeatedly.


 The appearance of the copper dragonfish was detrimental to her dragonfish business, it was a fundamental threat.


 The severity was extremely high for You Chan, she was in great danger!


 In fact, not just her dragonfish business, dragonfish businesses in the entire world was challenged by this copper dragonfish!


 “I’ve already tested it several times, the copper dragonfish is indeed better than ordinary dragonfish, the reason is that its body has a higher proportion of food path dao marks. What should I do?”


 You Chan bit her lips, she had a solemn expression.


 She had a tough personality, but after accepting the facts, she felt an intense indignant feeling in her heart.


 “I cultivated so hard for countless years, how can I admit defeat so easily?”


 “The dragonfish business is my main source of revenue, if it goes under, my cultivation will be in huge danger.”


 “I cannot lose like this!”


 “Right, I, You Chan, am not a weak woman, how can I admit defeat so easily?”


 “Copper dragonfish, since he can nurture it, why can’t I?”


 You Chan clenched her fists, bright light shone in her eyes as fighting spirit burst out of her.


 She wanted to compete, she wanted to try and create her own copper dragonfish.


 That was the only way she could contest this mysterious enemy, otherwise, ordinary dragonfish would not allow her to even be in the competition.


 You Chan was not blindly confident, she had her own assurance in food path.


 She had once obtained a food path inheritance, but it was not as authentic as Fang Yuan’s.


 Even though food path was barely circulated, it was not cultivated by only the creator himself.


 Precisely because You Chan had the food path inheritance, she chose the dragonfish business as her main source of income.


 In fact, she had been trying to modify the dragonfish’s quality too, but she had not succeeded yet.


 “But now, the modified dragonfish is right in front of me.”


 “I had no progress earlier because my food path attainment was too low. Now that I have this copper dragonfish as reference, I will be able to reverse deduce it, I will rather kill myself if I can’t even do that.”


 “Hehe, you might not realize it, but your copper dragonfish will become my fortuitous encounter instead!”


 You Chan was full of vigor, she researched the copper dragonfish thoroughly, for the following period of time, she was like a crazed researcher, she worked so hard she even forgot to eat her meals.


 On the other side, Fang Yuan was also working hard, he continued to deduce the solution to Spring Autumn Cicada’s problem.


 He moved forward with difficulty like a person who had just healed from illness trying to climb a steep mountain with his weak body.


 It was filled with difficulty.


 But no matter how difficult it was, Fang Yuan’s ambitions could not be doused.


 He progressed stably, even though each step was very difficult and yielded little result, he slowly accumulated his gains, they became increasingly useful.


 In this process, Fang Yuan gained a deeper understanding of how powerful the light of wisdom truly was.


 The more he used it, the deeper his inspiration.


 Bathing in the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan had unlimited inspiration, and these inspirations led him towards the proper answer.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path grandmaster attainment level was also barely holding him together.


 Time passed quickly, half a month went by rapidly.


 On this day, Fang Yuan stretched his arms as he yawned loudly.


 Success!


 He had finally succeeded in finding the solution to Spring Autumn Cicada’s problem.


 At almost the same time.


 In Eastern Sea, the dragonfish sea area that had no wind suddenly had huge waves and ripples.


 Under the deep sea, You Chan waved her arms around happily, she was extremely excited and joyful.


 “I succeeded!”


 “I finally recreated the brand new species of copper dragonfish.”


 “Even though I need to use his copper dragonfish as the breeding point, once I have several of these copper dragonfish, I will be able to breed even more of them.”


 “I will not lose this dragonfish battle!”


 “What other moves do you have left, go ahead and use them all.”



***
Chapter 1479 - Parallel Refining Spring Autumn Cicada


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border, Heaven Sealing Mountain.


 This was a short and unassuming mountain. The core of the mountain was hollow, there was a Gu formation in it, used to seal the strength path immortal zombie body.


 Therefore, it was called Heaven Sealing Mountain, it was meant to seal heaven’s will.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was floating in the air, he was looking down at Heaven Sealing Mountain. Beside him, there was a Gu Immortal, it was the variant human Gu Immortal Sixth Hair.


 Letting Sixth Hair into his sovereign immortal aperture was something that Fang Yuan had thought about deeply.


 Normally speaking, the immortal aperture was an important place that needed to be kept as a secret, it was the foundation of the Gu Immortal’s cultivation, it would not be shown to others.


 But Fang Yuan had already let the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals into his immortal aperture, Sixth Hair was a member of Shadow Sect too, he was worth trusting.


 During this period of time, Sixth Hair had done all he could to refine the Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan saw this and remembered it deeply.


 There was another point, Sixth Hair and Ying Wu Xie were in contact, they were both members of Shadow Sect, they knew about the sovereign immortal aperture in the first place, and since Ying Wu Xie had already gone inside, there was no need to hide it from Sixth Hair.


 “I am going to start refining the Gu.” Fang Yuan breathed in deeply and said.


 Sixth Hair nodded: “Sect leader, go ahead, I will do my best to assist you!”


 This Gu refinement involved Spring Autumn Cicada, it was extremely important. Fang Yuan needed the help of this refinement path Gu Immortal Sixth Hair.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had borrowed a number of refinement path Immortal Gu and mortal Gu from Lang Ya Sect a few days ago.


 He set up a refinement path Gu formation using all of these Gu worms.


 This refinement path immortal formation had already been set, Fang Yuan only needed to activate it now.


 Fang Yuan willed as red date immortal essence was expended continuously, the immortal Gu formation started to activate.


 Waves of white light soaked Heaven Sealing Mountain like flowing water.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan multi-tasked and used a refinement path killer move.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, air was pushed out as a giant golden pillar of light shot down from the sky.


 The golden light pillar had a grand aura, everywhere it went, the flowing water white light was repelled, it directly penetrated Heaven Sealing Mountain and stabbed deep into its core.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body was inside the mountain, the golden light pillar landed on the immortal zombie body and completely suppressed it.


 The immortal zombie body was creaking, as time passed, it was starting to break.


 Fang Yuan used his time well and stabilized the golden light pillar before taking out a living desolate beast.


 Crack.


 A sword light flew over and cut off the desolate beast’s head, killing it on the spot.


 Puff!


 A large amount of blood spewed out of the desolate beast’s neck, it was like a huge red fountain.


 The smell of blood permeated, but the golden light pillar emitted a strong attractive force due to Fang Yuan’s manipulation.


 The blood from the desolate beast was instantly drawn towards the golden light pillar by a formless force.


 That desolate beast corpse soon became dried up as its blood was completely sucked away.


 The golden light pillar absorbed the blood and had a hint of red mixed into it.


 This addition made the originally grand light pillar more sinister and bloody.


 Kill, kill, kill!


 Next, Fang Yuan killed seven desolate beasts with a tough expression, he was merciless.


 The golden light pillar absorbed all of their blood and became a completely red light pillar, it had completely changed.


 Sixth Hair nodded as he watched.


 He recognized that the method Fang Yuan used was called the seven kill blood path Gu refinement method. This method came from Lang Ya Sect, Sixth Hair had heard of its name but did not know the details. Fang Yuan used Shadow Sect’s inheritances to exchange for Lang Ya Sect’s inheritances, obtaining this Gu refinement method.


 He disassembled this method and only took the essence of it, after modifying it, it became very useful here.


 Even Sixth Hair was nodding in approval when he saw it.


 Fang Yuan focused on controlling the blood light pillar, while Sixth Hair also started acting.


 This time, Sixth Hair was assisting Fang Yuan in the Gu refinement, he had a huge task.


 Both sides had communicated amply before this, Sixth Hair did not need Fang Yuan’s reminder, he knew what to do.


 He took out the appropriate Gu materials.


 These Gu materials were all flowers, there were ghost face sunflowers, wire cotton, heavenly flowers, seven treasure flowers, milk tea flowers, iron shell flowers, boat flowers, blood poison kerria, multicolored overlord flowers, green beetle water lotuses, red axe flowers, smelly fly flowers, and others.


 These flowers were of a variety of species, they were either big or small, some were mortal Gu materials, while others were immortal materials.


 Sixth Hair started to use refinement path methods to process these flowers.


 The handling of Gu materials required a great wealth of knowledge.


 Every flower had its own way of processing.


 Thankfully, Sixth Hair was a refinement path cultivator, he had a lot of experience in refining Gu, as a split soul of Spectral Soul, he had deep foundations. It was very wise to get him to process these flowers.


 Time passed, after several minutes, Sixth Hair finished handling all of the flowers.


 He handled them well, the flowers were specially chosen and were not wasted, their essence was extracted and fused into a hundred flowers concentrate.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan condensed the blood light pillar as it shrunk from a giant to a tree trunk-like length and thickness.


 “The liquid is here, catch.” Sixth Hair pushed as the floating flower concentrate flew towards Fang Yuan like a translucent bubble.


 Fang Yuan stretched his hand and easily grabbed this hundred flowers concentrate in his palm.


 Next, he breathed in deeply and created a new change.


 Winds blew as dark clouds appeared in the sky.


 Fang Yuan cried out abruptly as he waved his hands, throwing all of the hundred flowers concentrate into the sky.


 The hundred flowers concentrate entered the dark clouds as they immediately turned pink.


 Splash splash splash.


 A huge rain started to drizzle down.


 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression, his fingers moved rapidly, only the afterimages of his fingers could be seen waving around.


 The pink flower rain was drawn by the formless force, a portion fused into the blood pillar, the other was fused with the immortal zombie body, absorbed by the refinement path immortal formation.


 The air was filled with an intense smell of flowers.


 The blood light pillar that was like a tree trunk became smaller and smaller, it shrunk until it disappeared completely.


 Fang Yuan willed as the refinement path immortal formation activated rapidly, it was no longer as slow as before.


 When refining Immortal Gu, a refinement path immortal Gu formation was very convenient.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan did not obtain one, but now he possessed the details of a great number of refinement path Gu formations, he could even use his formation path grandmaster attainment level to modify them using the light of wisdom, he could make them the most suitable formations for the Gu that he wanted to refine.


 The refinement path immortal formation continued to work, using the flower concentrate, there was a temporary connection among the immortal zombie body, Spring Autumn Cicada, ad as well as Gu materials.


 Using this chance, Fang Yuan opened the door of the immortal formation.


 From the door, a wooden log flew out.


 This wooden log was like shining gold, but upon closer inspection, it was made of wood. There were dewdrops on the log, they looked like amber. Several delicate clouds were forming and getting destroyed on the surface of the log.


 This was the immortal material, golden cloud divine wood.


 Like the other Gu materials, it had been kept in the refinement path immortal formation by Fang Yuan and was nourished by the hundred flowers concentrate.


 The refinement path immortal formation worked as the golden cloud divine wood quickly broke apart and disintegrated into nothingness.


 At the same time, wooden markings appeared on the immortal zombie body, similar to the golden cloud divine wood, dewdrops were forming on it, resembling amber. The delicate clouds were forming on the immortal zombie body’s forehead, as well as its stomach.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air, telling Sixth Hair: “Take my place.”


 After processing the hundred flowers concentrate, Sixth Hair had been resting, until he heard Fang Yuan’s orders to take over the immortal Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan was relieved as he quickly sat down to rest using every second of his time.


 Even though the refinement process seemed very smooth, it was not, every step was like treading on thin ice. His immortal essence expenditure was huge, and his mind was under immense pressure.


 Even with Fang Yuan’s abilities, at this stage, he could barely continue.


 It was dangerous to continue in this state, thus, Fang Yuan chose to rest now and let Sixth Hair take his place in the Gu refinement.


 Normally speaking, the Gu Immortal refining the Gu cannot be changed easily.


 Because a different person would have different immortal essence and aura, there were many flaws in this when refining Gu.


 But Fang Yuan had deduced this step amply, he specially designed it, there were no problems with it.



***
Chapter 1480 - A Slight Smile


***





 



 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan rested for a few minutes before opening his eyes.


 His stamina had recovered, his eyes were no longer seeing stars, he had a clear mind and his condition was much better.


 Sixth Hair let out a sigh of relief when he saw Fang Yuan taking over.


 Both of them exchanged roles perfectly, they had practiced this step many times.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s strength path immortal zombie body had completely turned into a human shaped golden cloud divine wood, Fang Yuan moved to the next step.


 The refinement path immortal formation opened its door again as a huge sea urchin flew out.


 This sea urchin was large as a house, there were sharp spikes on its surface, like it was made of purple-gold, there were countless shining spots on its body surface.


 This was the purple star urchin, it was a rare immortal material.


 Under the effect of the immortal formation, the purple star urchin could be seen shrinking gradually, progress was smooth.


 But suddenly!


 From the purple star urchin, there was a dazzling starlight.


 The starlight bounced around like a ball, moving randomly.


 The refinement path immortal formation shook intensely, Fang Yuan had a stern expression as he tried to keep it under control.


 But there was little effect, the bouncing starlight had increased from one to three, with greater disturbances, the refinement path immortal formation shook even more intensely, there were creaking sounds coming from it.


 “Oh no!” Sixth Hair cried out in dismay, before shouting: “Moving of a single thought, blossoming of the red snake!”


 Sixth Hair willed in his mind as red snake tattoos appeared on his skin, moving about upwards. The snake tattoos were originally at his chest, but it had moved up towards his neck now.


 At this moment, Sixth Hair’s strength rose drastically, his eyes were bursting with brilliance, even Fang Yuan was greatly shocked.


 Sixth Hair charged towards Fang Yuan and helped him to control the refinement path immortal formation.


 With his help, the bouncing starlight specs were destroyed one after another.


 “Crisis averted.” A while later, Sixth Hair let out a breath of air, he was in a fatigued condition.


 “Sect leader, it is up to you now.” Saying this, he fainted on the spot.


 Fang Yuan was silent, he looked at the red snake tattoos on Sixth Hair’s neck before turning his attention to the Gu formation before him.


 Because of Sixth Hair’s desperate save, the crisis of the Gu refinement was resolved, Fang Yuan could move to the next step.


 The third door of the immortal formation opened, a new immortal material flew out.


 This was a rock, but the rock had natural carvings of faces. These were human faces, with men, women, young, old, they had varying expressions, some cried, laughed, screamed, or had serious expressions.


 Thousand face human rock.


 This was the most crucial step.


 Fang Yuan invested all his concentration into the Gu refinement, the thousand face human rock soon disintegrated due to the refinement path immortal formation.


 But the faces turned into illusory shadows and flew into the immortal zombie body’s aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s aperture was full of cracks originally, but now, it changed.


 The cracks on the aperture walls were filled up with a thick purple gold rock, there were countless stars shining on it, there were even sharp spikes protruding from them, looking like the purple star urchin.


 The human faces flew around the aperture, under Fang Yuan’s control, they went towards the Spring Autumn Cicada at the center.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was sealed by Fang Yuan, it could not move.


 The human faces rapidly went past Spring Autumn Cicada before flying away again.


 Spring Autumn Cicada shuddered but was as stable as before.


 The human faces flew for a while as they slowly melted like snow exposed to sun, they faded into nothingness with only a small thread remaining.


 This thread-like thing was heaven’s will.


 Every time the human faces flew past the Spring Autumn Cicada, it would be a quick refinement process that took away a portion of heaven’s will from Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Human faces flew past Spring Autumn Cicada one after another, drawing out the sealed heaven’s will.


 These threads of heaven’s will were soon taken out by Fang Yuan and melted by the refinement path immortal formation.


 This process lasted a long time until the human faces were no longer able to bring out heaven’s will.


 “Heaven’s will is too stubborn, far more than I had expected.” Fang Yuan sighed, he directly mobilized several human faces to attack at once.


 The human faces surrounded Spring Autumn Cicada as they gritted their teeth, dragging out the threads from Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Heaven’s will was sealed into the thread-like state, dragged out forcefully time and again.


 Spring Autumn Cicada continued to shake but it was in safe hands, no cracks were developing.


 Fang Yuan had painstakingly created the refinement path immortal formation, it was the best method against this.


 After dozens of times, even if Fang Yuan controlled an army of human faces, they would no longer draw out heaven’s will from Spring Autumn Cicada.


 But Fang Yuan could sense that at the deepest part inside Spring Autumn Cicada, a small bit of heaven’s will was lingering.


 This bit of heaven’s will was almost negligible, but Fang Yuan did not dare to let it remain.


 “Heaven’s will is truly pesky, I have to do this after all.” Fang Yuan sighed, activating the refinement path immortal formation to its limits.


 The spikes on the aperture that resembled the purple star urchin grew furiously as they stabbed towards Spring Autumn Cicada from all directions!


 There were hundreds of spikes that stabbed into Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was not destroyed, instead, it was melted into a green jade liquid. The spikes absorbed this liquid instinctively.


 Eventually, there was only that bit of heaven’s will left at Spring Autumn Cicada’s original spot.


 Fang Yuan quickly destroyed it.


 Finally, the green liquid was forced out of the spikes and gathered at the center, into a lump.


 Fang Yuan stared with bloodshot eyes, he felt extreme pressure to maintain this situation. The refinement path immortal formation was at its maximum capacity, a large amount of red date immortal essence was expended at this moment!


 The green liquid slowly took shape, turning back into Spring Autumn Cicada.


 It was safe and sound, the only difference was that after melting and reforming, there was no longer any of heaven’s will inside its body.


 Originally, Shadow Sect planned to raise Spring Autumn Cicada’s rank through refinement before reverse refining it to get rid of heaven’s will. But after Fang Yuan modified it, it became a parallel refinement.


 Parallel refinement had a much higher chance of success than normal refinement.


 But even so, the process was filled with difficulty, there was even a crisis that was resolved only by Sixth Hair’s timely action.


 Seeing the Spring Autumn Cicada that was floating quietly in the aperture, Fang Yuan felt extremely pleased.


 At this point, rank six Spring Autumn Cicada had succeeded in the parallel refinement! Fang Yuan finally had full control of this legendary Immortal Gu!


 Crack, crack.


 The aperture was emitting this sound.


 The cracks were not appearing on Spring Autumn Cicada but the purple-gold rock and spikes instead.


 Fang Yuan watched this, he could not, and did not want to stop this.


 The rock and spikes shattered and at the same time, even the aperture itself broke.


 Fang Yuan’s aperture had truly gone through lots of turmoil, it was first pressured by Spring Autumn Cicada, forcing Fang Yuan to turn it into a stone aperture and dead aperture.


 At this moment, it had reached its limit, it shattered.


 This was the result of parallel refining Spring Autumn Cicada, it could not be avoided, and Fang Yuan did not want to avoid it either!


 “I’ll undergo tribulation like this.” Fang Yuan laughed, a lump of soul appeared beside the immortal formation.


 The soul moved rapidly, entering Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


 The immortal zombie body opened its eyes and nodded at Fang Yuan.


 It was Fang Yuan’s soul who occupied the body, he had used his split soul method to divide a portion of his soul, this was his first split soul.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he used an immortal killer move on the immortal zombie body — Strength Reversing Life and Death!


 This was a method that he had created long ago, it was modified from Blazing Heaven Demoness’ nirvana fire, it could allow an immortal zombie to return to human form.


 At this moment, the strength reversing life and death that Fang Yuan used was modified and even better than before, it was not inferior to nirvana fire.


 The immortal zombie body returned to life as two lifespan Gu were tossed out by Fang Yuan.


 The immortal zombie body grabbed them and used them immediately.


 This body had been bathed in the light of wisdom for too long back in Imperial Court blessed land, its lifespan was near its end.


 Now that he used lifespan Gu, it gained a large amount of lifespan, it would not die immediately after coming back to life.


 The aperture shattered as a storm developed in the sovereign immortal aperture, heaven and earth qi were starting to move.


 Fang Yuan did not want his clone to undergo tribulation in sovereign immortal aperture, he opened his immortal aperture door.


 The clone flew out and faced the calamities and tribulations head on.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan’s main body kept sovereign immortal aperture and appeared in the outside world too.


 This was a nameless place in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan had chosen it after close inspection, there was nobody here and it was very safe.


 The immortal ascension calamities and tribulations were terrifying to most Gu Masters, it could be said to be a near death experience.


 But for Fang Yuan, it was a piece of cake.


 Be it the balancing of heaven, earth, and human qi, or the assault of the tribulations, Fang Yuan was very familiar with them.


 Heaven was extremely furious!


 Fang Yuan had actually gained complete control over Spring Autumn Cicada, this was truly the tipping point for heaven’s will.


 It unleashed calamities and tribulations of the highest level possible.


 But that was completely pointless!


 Fang Yuan easily dispersed the calamities and tribulations in a few attacks, ensuring that his clone got through the tribulation easily, becoming an immortal.


 The last time, it was strength path, now, it was time path.


 The first aperture became a high grade time path blessed land, Fang Yuan named it Spring Autumn blessed land, the space in it was not large, but it had a lot of time path resources.


 The dark clouds pressuring him had faded, the sky was clear and sunlight shone down brilliantly.


 Fang Yuan and his clone stood in the air, looking at the huge grassland silently.


 The bitterness and difficulty faced in the five hundred years of his previous life, the helplessness against heaven’s will’s arrangements after rebirth, the desperate struggle to survive, the tiredness he felt from trying to save Dang Hun Mountain, feeding Immortal Gu, managing his immortal aperture, and deducing killer moves...


 All of these feelings turned into a slight smile that appeared on both of Fang Yuan’s faces.


 The past was like a passing smoke, all of his difficulties and pain were converted into this faint smile.



***
Chapter 1481 - The Use of a Clone


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The clone passed the tribulation, becoming a time path rank six Gu Immortal. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s main body was still the rank seven Gu Immortal with the sovereign immortal body that cultivated all paths.


 Having a clone was very beneficial to Fang Yuan.


 Many things, especially the management of his immortal aperture, could be left to the clone to handle.


 Fang Yuan trusted himself absolutely, he was far more useful than any Shadow Sect member.


 Especially when they were the same person to begin with, their thoughts and wills were completely the same, there would not be any conflicts when they communicate, there would not even be small mistakes.


 Looking at how strong Shadow Sect was, it was not hard to imagine the usefulness of split souls.


 Shadow Sect had many members, but they were united and did not fear sacrificing themselves, that was because they were the same person to begin with.


 Fang Yuan paid a huge price to make his clone a rank six Gu Immortal.


 Firstly, the deduction used up a lot of his time and effort, the parallel refinement of Spring Autumn Cicada also used a bunch of immortal materials, and after creating the clone successfully, it also needed to cultivate, even though that was not too important, it was something he had to invest in.


 And because he used split soul, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation fell from ten million man soul to nine million man soul, it had shrunk greatly.


 Fang Yuan had to accumulate his soul foundation again, but thankfully, with the two soul path sacred lands, he could progress quickly, Fang Yuan’s development was not obstructed.


 As for Fang Yuan’s clone, because it had Fang Yuan’s split soul, it was half an otherworldly demon.


 The body originated from this world, it was still restricted by fate, Fang Yuan could not do anything about that.


 Unless he could mimic Shadow Sect and create another sovereign immortal fetus Gu for his clone.


 But Shadow Sect spent a hundred thousand years to refine one sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was basically impossible to make a second one.


 For the following days, Fang Yuan’s main body rested while his clone got rid of the lingering strength path dao marks inside the self cleansing immortal Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan had originally ascended his second aperture to become a strength path Gu Immortal. After that, he turned into an immortal zombie and the immortal aperture disintegrated, all of the strength path dao marks were left on his body.


 Fang Yuan decided to use the self cleansing formation to get rid of the clone’s unnecessary strength path dao marks.


 The clone’s body was not special, dao marks of different paths conflicted, after careful consideration, Fang Yuan decided to let his clone cultivate time path.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan considered dual cultivating strength path and time path, because he did not have the sovereign immortal body.


 Now that he had the sovereign immortal body and aperture, his focus was on cultivating that, the clone was only supplementary.


 Thus, the plan to refine second aperture Gu for the clone was canceled.


 Another aperture meant that it would turn into an immortal aperture when he ascends to immortal. Since Fang Yuan chose time path, this immortal aperture would cultivate time path, but what use was that?


 Another high grade or super grade blessed land was useless to Fang Yuan now.


 Rather than developing this blessed land, he should divert all of his effort into the sovereign immortal aperture. And Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was only at four percent development now, there were too few resources in it, he needed to put in a lot of work on it.


 “Maybe the biggest use of second immortal aperture is the availability of another vital Gu.” Fang Yuan thought.


 The biggest advantage of a vital Gu was that even if refinement fails, it would not be destroyed.


 The life of the vital Gu was connected to the Gu Immortal themselves.


 Of course, if the Gu Immortal dies during the Gu refinement, the vital Gu would also be destroyed.


 Currently, Fang Yuan did not have a need for vital Gu.


 Among his Immortal Gu, the most important, Spring Autumn Cicada, was already a vital Gu.


 Other than handling his mundane tasks, the clone could ensure that Spring Autumn Cicada would never be destroyed when trying to refine it in the future.


 “You are awake?” Fang Yuan looked at Sixth Hair.


 Sixth Hair opened his eyes slowly, he still felt weak, after seeing Fang Yuan, the first thing he asked was: “Sect leader, did the Gu refinement succeed?”


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 “Great.” Sixth Hair smiled and said: “That means our second round of Gu refinement has been completed.”


 During the first round, Fang Yuan refined Cleanse Soul, Self Love, and Snack. During the second round, he refined Spring Autumn Cicada and Heavenly Secret.


 Fang Yuan paid a huge price to refine Gu. But all in all, his luck was very good, there were some Gu Immortals who could not succeed after a hundred tries after all.


 Of course, the luck path true inheritance and luck path Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had were of a huge assistance to him. On the other hand, Lang Ya Sect played a crucial role, if not for Lang Ya land spirit and Sixth Hair’s help, how could Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement attempts have been so smooth?


 “What are the red snake tattoos on your body?” Fang Yuan had a dark gaze.


 “This... it’s nothing.” Sixth Hair’s gaze flickered.


 “When you were unconscious, I had already inspected it. This refinement path killer move seems to expend your lifespan to increase your refinement path abilities. If I am not wrong, when the red snake tattoos reach your head, you will die.” Fang Yuan said directly.


 Sixth Hair was silent for a while before saying: “Sect leader is right. My life is not important, I only hope that you can attack Heavenly Court and save my main body.”


 “Heavenly Court...” Fang Yuan sighed as he looked at the sky.


 Sixth Hair quickly added: “Sect leader, no need to be discouraged, the enemy is strong indeed, but you have already regained Spring Autumn Cicada, you will inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance soon. Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritance likely contains the method to defeat Heavenly Court, after all, he was the Immortal Venerable seed chosen by Heavenly Court.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he knew the things that Sixth Hair knew. It was hard for him to stop Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu alone in just ten years. But with Red Lotus’ true inheritance, there was a sliver of hope.


 Since Spring Autumn Cicada was now Fang Yuan’s completely, the next step of his plan should be to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: “I am in no rush to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance, I can continue to increase my strength now. Heavenly Court will not allow me to take Red Lotus’ true inheritance so easily, they must have arrangements inside the River of Time.”


 Even though Heavenly Court could not find Fang Yuan, they knew that he would enter the River of Time and find Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan did not need to think to know that Heavenly Court had already laid an ambush in the River of Time.


 It was necessary to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance, but before that, not only did he need Spring Autumn Cicada, he also needed enough battle strength to break through Heavenly Court’s ambush.


 In this aspect, Fang Yuan had more work to do.


 “Tell me everything about this refinement path killer move that you created, I will deduce for you and resolve the problem of this killer move for you.”


 “Sixth Hair, don’t sacrifice yourself unnecessarily, I will need your help in the future to control Lang Ya Sect.”


 Sixth Hair’s heart jumped, he had the same thought too. Even though he was helpless against the backlash, it did not mean Fang Yuan could not resolve it.


 Especially with the light of wisdom.


 The parallel refinement of Spring Autumn Cicada and the tribulation of his clone was naturally done in the wilderness.


 After keeping the clone in his sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan went back to Lang Ya blessed land with Sixth Hair using the teleportation Gu formation.


 After entering Lang Ya blessed land, they would be under Lang Ya land spirit’s supervision, Sixth Hair and Fang Yuan could not talk, they parted as supreme elders of the sect.


 Fang Yuan did not return to his cloud city to rest, he came to wisdom Gu.


 He opened his immortal aperture door and his clone flew out.


 The clone was a living being, wisdom Gu did not respond.


 But soon, after the clone used strength reversing life and death to become an immortal zombie again, wisdom Gu flew around him in uncertainty.


 “What?” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 Wisdom Gu was only flying around, it did not emit the light of wisdom.


 Fang Yuan’s clone spoke: “Oh wisdom Gu, I was the one who made the agreement with you. Did you forget what we agreed upon?”


 Wisdom Gu was floating in front of Fang Yuan’s clone, it was assessing him while hesitating.


 After a while, it went back to the tree leaf and landed, emitting the light of wisdom.


 Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.


 It was quite a shock, wisdom Gu almost did not acknowledge Fang Yuan’s identity.


 “I became a time path Gu Immortal, my cultivation level rose and my strength path dao marks were removed, and also due to the split soul, wisdom Gu became very hesitant.”


 “No matter the reason, I need to be careful in the future, even if my clone’s cultivation level remains stagnant, I need to maintain this, I cannot lose the light of wisdom!”


 Fang Yuan was a little gloomy, the wisdom Gu in > was extremely intelligent, it even scammed Ren Zu several times, why was it so stupid here? It did not show the intelligence of wisdom Gu at all.


 Was this because > was a story, or was there any other reason?



***
Chapter 1482 - Iron Dragonfish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sixth Hair’s problem was more difficult than Fang Yuan had thought.


 The refinement path killer move he created was called refinement snake lifespan flower, it not only contained the essence of refinement path, it also involved the karma of rule path.


 Sixth Hair created this move using an incomplete Gu refinement method from Lang Ya Sect’s treasury as the inspiration.


 Fang Yuan deduced it and realized: refinement snake lifespan flower was not so easy to fix, if he was careless, Sixth Hair might lose his life.


 Thus, Fang Yuan changed his tactic and slowed down.


 “If my refinement path attainment level is higher, I will need much less time to deduce refinement snake lifespan flower.”


 Fang Yuan would not concentrate on this problem like he did with heaven’s will dissipation refinement path immortal formation, because Sixth Hair’s problem needed a lot of time to resolve.


 And Sixth Hair was not in any rush.


 As long as he did not use this move anymore, he would not lose his life.


 Fang Yuan continued his soul path cultivation while deducing.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were truly the sacred lands of soul cultivation, the soul foundation of Fang Yuan’s main body started to rise rapidly again.


 But the clone did not cultivate this.


 The reason was conflicting dao marks.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were filled with soul path dao marks, be it guts Gu or Luo Po winds, they were in essence adding soul path dao marks to Fang Yuan’s soul.


 The clone’s soul had already received the maximum portion from Fang Yuan, if the soul foundation increased, it would disrupt his time path cultivation.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not even give the clone ghost official garment.


 As for how to defend against heaven’s will, Fang Yuan had his time path method, even though the effect was inferior to ghost official garment.


 But the time path method complemented the clone’s cultivation, the advantages outweighed the disadvantages.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s main body had non-conflicting dao marks and could cultivate all paths, in such a special situation, he still needed to pay attention to killer moves of different paths. For example, ghost official garment was greatly weakened due to ghostly concealment.


 Other than deducing Sixth Hair’s problem and the killer move to protect the time path clone from heaven’s will, Fang Yuan had to modify his luck path killer moves.


 Wisdom path, sword path, and soul path killer moves had already been modified to his limit, now was luck path.


 Fang Yuan had many useful luck path true inheritances, among these assorted inheritances, the most prominent ones were Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s self luck and all living beings luck true inheritances.


 Fang Yuan had the complete content of the former and an incomplete version of the latter.


 He had many luck path Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Luck Inspection, Connect Luck, and Time Luck were all rank six, they were not very suitable to Fang Yuan now since he was already rank seven.


 Fang Yuan was not going to rank up his luck path Immortal Gu for now, his focus was to refine one Gu, it was Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Rank six Spring Autumn Cicada could only allow rank six Gu Immortals to rebirth, Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level now, he needed rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada. Either that or rank six Spring Autumn Cicada used as a core of a rank seven immortal killer move.


 He was still at the initial stage of Spring Autumn Cicada’s refinement, Sixth Hair was in charge of the entire Immortal Gu recipe, he was collecting the necessary Gu materials.


 Fang Yuan did not forget to practise his killer moves.


 He had modified his soul path killer moves long ago, he was very skilled with them now. Fang Yuan would practice the sword path and wisdom path killer moves from time to time, revising their usage.


 Fang Yuan knew that he had to work hard during peaceful times, by the time he fights, these killer moves would be instinctive to him. If his killer move fails during battle and he loses his momentum, that would be a disaster.


 Among the killer moves he practised, wisdom path killer move exposing heavenly secret was the most important.


 This killer move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core to deduce the contents of the following tribulation. Of course, there was a limit to it, Fang Yuan could not deduce the content of his next grand tribulation yet, he needed to wait for some time.


 Other than exposing heavenly secret, Fang Yuan also needed to practise heaven’s will dissipation.


 This killer move was Fang Yuan’s greatest success during this period of time, he was not going to give it up.


 Exposing heavenly secret allowed Fang Yuan to learn about the thinking of heaven’s will. Heaven’s will dissipation was a countermeasure that needed to be modified further, because it took a long time to prepare, it could only be used in the background now, it could not be utilized in an actual battle.


 His red date immortal essence was barely enough for use.


 His immortal essence stone storage had run dry already.


 The members of Shadow Sect were all developing well. Making use of Tai Qiu, they were accumulating resources, replenishing the amount they lost while escaping from Southern Border, they even improved in some aspects.


 Fang Yuan only took away the souls of the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts that they captured, the remaining corpses were immortal materials that could be sold for a high price.


 Fang Yuan did not go after their gains, on one hand he was not attracted to this small amount, on another hand he wanted to maintain the rules of Shadow Sect. At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan could borrow resources from them for emergencies, Fang Yuan was not shy to do that.


 But if he tried that now, he would ruin their momentum and growth, the cost was too high compared to the benefits in this situation.


 Even though he obtained Shadow Sect’s inheritance and gained a deeper understanding of Heavenly Court, there were many things that Fang Yuan did not know. Against such a huge organization, the tactic of Shadow Sect that they used in the five hundred years of his previous life were worth mimicking.


 Thus, other than his own cultivation, Fang Yuan started plotting.


 He had some relationship with the five regions in some way or another now, even though he was wanted by the righteous path forces of Northern Plains including Longevity Heaven, he had become part of the variant human alliance due to the engagement, his relationship with the variant humans was very close now.


 The problem now was that Fang Yuan lacked funds.


 Consecutive Gu refinement, cultivation, and practise of killer moves made his funds run dry. Even though he scrimped and saved, and his red date immortal essence also replenish on its own, Fang Yuan’s advancement was too fast, he was operating at a deficit now, his funds could not catch up to his expenditure.


 For this problem, Fang Yuan’s solution was the dragonfish business.


 But not long ago, You Chan also started to sell copper dragonfish, Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 But Fang Yuan soon accepted the fact.


 Dragonfish was different from guts Gu, new products could be deduced and created by his competitors too.


 This was like how Fang Yuan modified the light shine fungi.


 He could modify people’s products, they could do the same to him.


 It was not like the guts Gu business, other than him, nobody else could produce it, that was truly the monopoly that Gu Immortals dreamed of.


 Thus, it was not strange that others could sell copper dragonfish. Fang Yuan was only surprised that You Chan did it so quickly.


 Days passed by.


 Immortal killer move — Years Pass Like Days!


 The tributary of the River of Time in sovereign immortal aperture expanded rapidly, the river water started to flow faster.


 The sovereign immortal aperture originally had very high rate of time to begin with, after using this killer move, the time flow became even faster.


 This way, calamities and tribulations would occur more rapidly.


 But Fang Yuan had no fear.


 He was already unmoved by calamities and tribulations at this point. As for grand tribulations, he had heavenly secret Gu and exposing heavenly secret, what was there to fear?


 The increase in his rate of time also led to the increased production of other resources.


 Especially dragonfish.


 In dragon scale sea area, a large number of dragonfish were swimming around. Most were ordinary red dragonfish, thirty percent were copper dragonfish, and the rest were black in color.


 “This is my iron dragonfish.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 With this huge formation, his dragonfish did not need to be researched on, the modification was automated.


 “This time, after I sell the iron dragonfish, I wonder how You Chan will react?”



***
Chapter 1483 - Silver Dragonfish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Iron dragonfish...” You Chan breathed in deeply, she wanted to calm her mind down, but she soon gave up despondently.


 Her gaze flickered, her expression was in a daze.


 Fang Yuan placed the iron dragonfish into the market and caused a small commotion in treasure yellow heaven.


 The dragonfish market was very big to begin with. There were Gu Immortals who tried to modify dragonfish, but they all ended in failure.


 This was because food path had never been well circulated in history.


 But this time, Fang Yuan actually modified the dragonfish twice!


 The Gu Immortals were all astute figures, they understood the meaning behind this modification, Fang Yuan was very likely to have very high food path attainment, or had inherited a food path true inheritance.


 The others could understand this, You Chan was the same.


 This was why she had suffered a huge blow, her mind was in turmoil.


 A small iron dragonfish was nothing, but the meaning behind it was like a huge mountain pressing down on her, she could barely breathe.


 “No matter what, I cannot give up like this.”


 “However, the previous copper dragonfish modification already expended all of my foundation. In the short time, I cannot succeed in modifying iron dragonfish.”


 “What should I do?”


 You Chan knew her limits, she was sure that she could not deal with Fang Yuan alone.


 Soon, a figure appeared in her mind.


 “Don’t tell me... I need to get help from her?” You Chan was hesitant, there was a dark air deep in her eyes.


 Several days later, in white crane sea area.


 This place had a clear breeze and a calm sea that resembled a mirror. There was blue skies and white clouds, there was a clear horizon between the sea and sky, countless white cranes were flying around or standing elegantly on the small islands and resting.


 It was a scene of serenity and peace.


 At the center of this sea area, the owner of this place was laughing loudly, evidently happy.


 “Hahaha, You Chan, oh You Chan, you finally thought it through.” Qin Bai He was extremely happy, she laughed as she looked at Fairy You Chan, her gaze was invasive and extremely provocative.


 You Chan snorted coldly, turning her gaze away from Qin Bai He, feeling rather unhappy.


 Qin Bai He was the owner of white crane sea area, she was extremely beautiful and tall, she had an elegant neck and long legs, she was one of the six beauties of Eastern Sea, like You Chan.


 However, different from the other beautiful fairies, Qin Bai He did not like men, she only liked female immortals.


 She had a rank six Immortal Gu House in white crane sea area, it was called Bai He Palace 1 , there were countless women living in it, this was her harem which stayed with her at all times, engaging in unspeakable activities.


 Qin Bai He walked forward and held You Chan’s hands, she had an extremely indulgent expression as she said: “So smooth, so smooth, oh You Chan, you know that I want you for the longest time! I desire to have you! From today onwards, you will be the empress of my Bai He Palace!”


 “Hmph!” You Chan wanted to pull her hand away, but Qin Bai He grabbed them tightly.


 You Chan had a cold expression, she snorted: “Let go.”


 Qin Bai He obediently let go, the two had an agreement already, she knew that You Chan was hers and could not escape anymore. There was no need to force her now, she had lots of time and energy to slowly savor You Chan.


 After You Chan pulled her hands away, she took two steps back: “Qin Bai He, don’t forget what you promised me.”


 Qin Bai He chuckled: “Of course, neither of us can solve the problem of the iron dragonfish alone in the short run. But as long as we worked together, if we put our hearts into it, we will definitely be able to resolve this! That guy who tried to challenge you will not be smug for long.”


 You Chan nodded slightly.


 Qin Bai He was not spouting nonsense. You Chan had known her for many years, she knew a lot about her foundation.


 Immediately, You Chan stayed inside Bai He Palace and the two worked together for days and nights, using all of their energy to resolve the iron dragonfish issue.


 You Chan needed to try her best!


 Her main source of revenue was the dragonfish business, she could not give up on it, otherwise, her cultivation would be greatly affected.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate, they need to gain strength continuously. If anything goes wrong, they would be in danger against calamities and tribulations.


 Even if they did not die from calamities and tribulations, as long as they suffered heavy injuries, it would be a vicious cycle and the Gu Immortal would get weaker, they would eventually die from future calamities and tribulations.


 More than ten days later, an iron dragonfish appeared in Bai He Palace.


 Looking at this iron dragonfish, You Chan wanted to shed tears of joy.


 Because this dragonfish was not bought in treasure yellow heaven, it was forcefully bred by Qin Bai He and her cooperating together!


 This iron dragonfish meant that You Chan also had the method to breed her own iron dragonfish now.


 “I have not lost in this battle of dragonfish yet!” You Chan cheered herself on.


 “Mm, I was not wrong about you, You Chan, do you know that you are the dreamiest when you are serious.” Beside her, Qin Bai He was looking at You Chan with enchanted eyes.


 You Chan’s joy faded from her face as it turned cold: “We cannot be careless, the other party is very mysterious, he created the iron dragonfish and copper dragonfish, he had very deep food path foundation. We have merely just created this new species, and gotten on the same level as him.”


 “I understand what you mean. You are afraid that the other party will bring out even more superior dragonfish?” Qin Bai He had a solemn expression.


 The worry that they had came true a few days later.


 Silver dragonfish!


 Fang Yuan’s third attack.


 The silver dragonfish had even more food path dao marks than iron dragonfish.


 This time, the commotion in treasure yellow heaven was larger and wider than before.


 Many Gu Immortals noticed this and started to investigate Fang Yuan at full force.


 Of course, they would not be able to find anything.


 The appearance of the silver dragonfish was an immense blow to Qin Bai He and You Chan.


 These two Eastern Sea beauties were stunned.


 After researching it, the silver dragonfish’s superiority made them feel deeply pressured. They had gone all out for the iron dragonfish earlier, with the difficulty of this silver dragonfish, they needed several years of hard work on it or there would be no hope.


 Furthermore, You Chan and Qin Bai He could not place all their energy on the silver dragonfish, they needed to interact with people and rest, they also needed to cultivate, manage their immortal aperture, and practice killer moves.


 The silver dragonfish was bound to appear in Fang Yuan’s case. But for You Chan and Qin Bai He, they needed to put in lots of research.


 Silver dragonfish had a much higher difficulty to deduce compared to iron dragonfish.


 “It’s over, I am no longer his match, I can only give up the dragonfish business, and I need to let go completely without any reservations.” Even with You Chan’s determined personality, she was completely in despair now.


 The difference in their strength made You Chan unable to see any hope of victory.


 Qin Bai He was also helpless, she also bit her lips until it bled, she was very unhappy that she was unable to help her beloved, given her prideful personality.


 But just as the two female immortals were in despair, an unexpected force came in to interfere.


 This colossal organization was none other than Heavenly Court!


 It turned out that Heavenly Court had never given up searching for and trying to kill Fang Yuan.


 Even though they could not find Fang Yuan now, Heavenly Court’s Fairy Zi Wei was not useless.


 The moment Fang Yuan sold the copper dragonfish, her attention was drawn to it.


 When Fang Yuan sold the iron dragonfish and silver dragonfish in treasure yellow heaven, Fairy Zi Wei focused her attention on it.


 Even though she was not absolutely certain that the seller of the new dragonfish species was Fang Yuan, she would rather be safe than sorry.


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had obtained the most original food path inheritance back then, Fang Yuan is the new leader of Shadow Sect, after getting its inheritance, he naturally has that food path inheritance too.”


 “Dragonfish is the most signature product of food path, the dragonfish species has never changed over many years. The Gu Immortal that modified it time and again is likely to be Fang Yuan.”


 Fairy Zi Wei knew: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had lots of avenues and did not need the dragonfish profit, with his personality, he also did not favor business management, he used killing to resolve all his problems. But Fang Yuan was different.


 The more she learned about Fang Yuan, the more attention Fairy Zi Wei placed on him.


 This otherworldly demon had brains and brawn, he could lower his status if needed, if given enough time to develop and resources to use, he would be an immense threat.


 Thus, Fairy Zi Wei did not hesitate, she interfered and helped You Chan and Qin Bai He.


 On one hand, Fairy Zi Wei did not want to expose herself openly.


 On the other hand, helping these two would allow her to interfere in Eastern Sea, in the future five regions chaotic war, this would be a hidden card, she was killing two birds with one stone.


 A wisdom path Gu Immortal was most clear on how to maximize their benefits.


 Heavenly Court was extremely affluent after all, its foundation was unfathomably deep, even for food path, they had lots of foundation in it. Even though they lacked the inheritance of the source of food path, they had a lot of other inheritances.


 After getting Heavenly Court’s help, You Chan and Qin Bai He had a boost of morale, they did not sleep for dozens of days, they actually created the silver dragonfish.


 This way, You Chan also had the silver dragonfish.


 This was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 He had thought that the silver dragonfish would decide the competition of the dragonfish business, but his hopes were dashed, the dragonfish business went into a deadlock again.



***
Chapter 1484 - Fang Yuan’s Kindness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Eastern Sea.


 Dragon scale sea area.


 A Gu Immortal was floating in the air with fluttering sleeves, looking down at the sea below him.


 He had a common face but extraordinary aura, he had abyss-like eyes that gave off deep wisdom and experience.


 It was Fang Yuan’s rank six Gu Immortal time path clone.


 Right now, the seawater was in turbulence and waves were rumbling, but there was no wind at all.


 “My sovereign immortal aperture has no atmospheric changes, there are neither winds nor clouds here. The reason this dragon scale sea area has waves is because my main body set up that immortal formation.”


 The time path clone thought.


 Right now, dragon scale sea area was the number one sea area in the sovereign immortal aperture. It was Fang Yuan’s current focus for development, he had invested a huge sum of funds.


 The time path clone looked over, seeing that within the tides and waves, countless dragonfish were swimming about, they were densely packed and the number was terrifying.


 Fang Yuan had put in a lot of investments, along with the sovereign immortal aperture’s high rate of time, and his food path methods, the dragonfish bred rapidly, the numbers soared.


 Not just the ordinary dragonfish, there were even many copper dragonfish, some iron dragonfish, and a few silver dragonfish.


 Fang Yuan’s clone looked beyond these dragonfish, towards the depths of the dragonfish group.


 Soon, his expression turned to joy, he found his target.


 This was a dragonfish shining like gold, it had densely packed golden scales, its eyes were not as dull as the other dragonfish, there was sharpness in them.


 Compared to the other dragonfish, it was the smallest, it was not even the size of a person’s palm, it was tiny.


 But Fang Yuan’s clone could sense that this golden scaled dragonfish had only food path dao marks in it and no other path’s dao marks.


 Even though it was small, it gave off a true ancient desolate beast aura!


 The other dragonfish could only reach desolate beast at most, but the golden dragonfish could become ancient desolate beast!


 This was not to be underestimated, it meant that after becoming golden, the dragonfish had gone beyond the limits of its species and reached a brand new level.


 “At this point, the golden dragonfish is the limit of development.” Fang Yuan’s clone sighed.


 The ancient golden dragonfish swam in the sea, be it the ordinary dragonfish, desolate beast dragonfish, copper dragonfish, iron dragonfish, or silver dragonfish, they were all moving around it.


 The ancient golden dragonfish was the king of the dragonfish, once it appeared, all of the lower dragonfish species would all defend and follow it.


 “Even I, the owner of these dragonfish, have lower control of the dragonfish group compared to the ancient golden dragonfish.” Fang Yuan’s clone nonchalantly watched with a flickering gaze.


 It could be said that if Fang Yuan and the ancient golden dragonfish fought for control over these dragonfish, Fang Yuan would lose to it.


 This ancient desolate beast only needed to exist to gain the loyalty of all the dragonfish without question.


 “But that is not a problem, the ancient golden dragonfish controls the dragonfish while I control the ancient golden dragonfish itself. Unfortunately, dragonfish have no fighting strength, even the ancient golden dragonfish is bottom tier in battle strength compared to other ancient desolate beasts. Therefore, these dragonfish can only be used as goods.”


 Time passed quickly, half a month passed.


 You Chan had a tough time during this period.


 Even though she succeeded in breeding the silver dragonfish, she had used the help of Qin Bai He, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan’s silver dragonfish.


 Thus, even though she could produce silver dragonfish, in terms of production, she could not compare to Fang Yuan, the originator.


 Fang Yuan was currently dominating her in terms of dragonfish business in treasure yellow heaven.


 The silver dragonfish was simply too useful, and since Fang Yuan did not raise prices by too much, the other dragonfish competitors were outmatched.


 And Fang Yuan sold silver dragonfish at a far larger scale than You Chan.


 The difference in their strength was evident, Fang Yuan had the clear advantage.


 However, You Chan did not give up, she was still persevering and putting up a fight.


 White crane sea area.


 Qin Bai He laughed loudly: “Hahaha, I finally got through this difficult part, our method has improved again. This way, our silver dragonfish production will increase greatly!”


 You Chan had a haggard look, but joy was in her eyes.


 She had worked with Qin Bai He for half a month without resting, along with the use of Heavenly Court’s findings.


 “But... even with such a result, our production still cannot match that person.” You Chan sighed.


 “Little Chan Er, don’t worry, as long as we work together, we can resolve this, that silver dragonfish is not guts Gu after all. By then, our production will be on par with him.” Qin Bai He was quite optimistic.


 “But even then, we will only be equal with him. It is too difficult to continue innovating, we do not have the strength. That means we can only be at a stalemate with him at best. And this is under the assumption that he does not produce any newer species of dragonfish.” You Chan shook her head.


 Qin Bai He opened her mouth and wanted to comfort You Chan but no words came out.


 The truth was, at this point in the battle, the result was already quite clear.


 You Chan was not Fang Yuan’s match, she could only act passively and try to catch up to him to balance the situation.


 They did not have any way of winning, unless there was strong help given to them by external influences.


 Like Heavenly Court.


 It had a large number of food path inheritances.


 But why would Fairy Zi Wei help Qin Bai He and You Chan unconditionally?


 Both sides were from different regions, Qin Bai He and You Chan were very alert when working with Heavenly Court.


 But Fairy Zi Wei’s intention was to lure these two into becoming pawns of Heavenly Court that infiltrated Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 The five regions chaotic war was about to start, Heavenly Court had to start planning before the great era.


 “I am afraid this person selling dragonfish is Fang Yuan.”


 “Using him, I can pressure You Chan and Qin Bai He to become the pawns of my Heavenly Court.”


 “But...”


 Within Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was paying close attention to treasure yellow heaven.


 The thing that stifled her was that Fang Yuan was not doing anything, after putting up the silver dragonfish, he stopped doing anything, he only sold the dragonfish normally.


 This situation made Fairy Zi Wei feel a sense of unease.


 She knew that Fang Yuan was not a person to take matters lying down.


 “If that really is Fang Yuan, he definitely has a trump card.”


 “He is a ruthless person, he does not leave others a way out. The current situation of this dragonfish business is not something he’ll accept.”


 While Fairy Zi Wei was thinking of this, Eastern Sea’s You Chan suddenly had a change of expression.


 “What is it, Chan Er?” Qin Bai He asked in concern.


 “Oh, oh no. My dragonfish sea is being attacked by a Gu Immortal! The Gu formation has been destroyed, I must return!!” You Chan screamed in anxiety.


 Even though her immortal aperture had a lot of dragonfish, the bulk of them were in the dragonfish sea area.


 The dragonfish sea area was the foundation of her finances, most of her assets were there, how could she let anyone destroy it?


 Qin Bai He realized the severity of the issue, she grabbed You Chan’s hand: “There is no time, I will go with you. Don’t worry, I want to see who has the guts to act so arrogantly in front of us!”


 The Immortal Gu House flew out like a rainbow, carrying the two fairies’ rage as it went from white crane sea area to dragonfish sea area.


 The two sea areas were not too far away, this was why You Chan could stay at Qin Bai He’s place without too much worry.


 Thus, when they reached dragonfish sea area, the attacker had not left yet.


 You Chan’s immortal Gu formation had already been half destroyed, that Gu Immortal was still taking the dragonfish into his immortal aperture.


 “Such guts!” Even with You Chan’s great disposition, she became furious upon seeing her dragonfish, which were raised with such difficulty, taken away in front of her.


 “Who are you, you dare to attack my woman’s place, today will be your death date!!” Qin Bai He shouted as she transmitted to You Chan.


 “Chan Er, be careful, this person is quite weird, his method to take the dragonfish is very skillful.”


 Even though Qin Bai He was angry, she had not lost her reason, she assessed the place and had a clear understanding of the current situation.


 You Chan looked over following Qin Bai He’s guidance and her heart jumped.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal did not use any immortal methods, he was only controlling an ancient desolate beast, but the dragonfish that You Chan raised obediently followed him into his immortal aperture.


 You Chan took a closer look and felt even more shocked: “What is going on? This tiny golden scaled ancient desolate beast is a dragonfish? Golden... dragonfish? Don’t tell me this person is my opponent in treasure yellow heaven? Wait, according to Heavenly Court, this person is likely to be Fang Yuan?!”


 You Chan had just thought of this when the person taking the dragonfish closed his immortal aperture’s entrance and turned around to face the two furious fairies.


 “You are finally here, my effort to wait here was not wasted, you managed to come. Hehehe, I am Fang Yuan, remember this name.”


 “To be able to know the name of your murderer before death, this is my act of kindness towards you.”


 Fang Yuan said this as the entire world changed, an immortal battlefield appeared and trapped You Chan and Qin Bai He.


 Qin Bai He and You Chan were immensely shocked, they looked at each other with pale faces.


 Fang Yuan was a vicious fiend with rank eight battle strength, why was he here?


 Wasn’t he hiding somewhere in seclusion because of Heavenly Court’s pursuit?


 Why did he dare, why did he dare to come out!


 And why was he so arrogant and vicious, he dared to attack another Gu Immortal’s territory in broad daylight?!



***
Chapter 1485 - Purple Star Broken Life


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Looking at the panicking Qin Bai He and You Chan, Fang Yuan had a cold gaze.


 “It seems that the Gu Immortal world has been peaceful for too long, and this Eastern Sea has been too prosperous and peaceful due to their abundant resources, they were completely caught off guard by my attack.”


 If this was during the five regions chaotic war, the world would be in turmoil, every Gu Immortal would be extremely alert, but before this, there was lasting peace, Gu Immortals cultivated on their own, focusing on their immortal apertures, very few would go out and fight to the death.


 Firstly, the immortal aperture would have calamities and tribulations once in a while.


 Secondly, Gu Immortals had all sorts of complex relationships, attacking one would attract more enemies.


 Thirdly, information was not perfect, Gu Immortals could hide deeply and often, one unknown immortal killer move could turn the situation around.


 The risks were high and rewards were little, Gu Immortals normally did not want to engage in life and death battles.


 But this was different for Fang Yuan’s case.


 “I have rank eight battle strength, why would I care about your friends and network, what is there to fear even if I kill you?”


 Battle strength was Fang Yuan’s assurance, as well as his wisdom path attainment.


 After committing a crime, at worst he could run away!


 The world was huge, even Heavenly Court and heaven’s will could not do anything to Fang Yuan now, not to mention the rest.


 And the third aspect, information. Shadow Sect had a lot of information across all five regions, Qin Bai He and You Chan did not know about Fang Yuan’s background, but he knew a lot about them.


 “As long as I kill You Chan, the dragonfish business will be mine alone, the profits will be immense!”


 Even if Heavenly Court wanted to obstruct Fang Yuan, they could not succeed easily.


 Because these resources needed to grow in specific environments, results would only show after some time.


 Fang Yuan was like a tortoise doing his best to develop and absorb his gains, raising his strength. He was like a venomous snake digesting all the food he ingested, he was feeling a bit of hunger now, he acted shockingly, directly going to Eastern Sea and sneak attacking suddenly.


 He caught You Chan and Qin Bai He off guard with this move.


 The two fairies here were very juicy loot. Especially You Chan, she cultivated water path and had a water path immortal aperture. Fang Yuan’s water path attainment level was grandmaster, he could annex her immortal aperture, it was very useful.


 You Chan and Qin Bai He looked at Fang Yuan, they could sense his deep killing intent, mixed in with greed and ruthlessness, the situation was terrible now, the two women panicked, their hearts were beating, they knew that they were in danger.


 Qin Bai He forced herself to calm down, telling her companion: “Chan Er, even though we are rank seven, our strength will not increase much if we work together, our compatibility in battle is quite low. This enemy is too powerful, we cannot fight him directly, we need to escape.”


 Qin Bai He wanted to retreat before even fighting him.


 There was no helping it, Fang Yuan’s reputation was renowned in the five regions now.


 You Chan and Qin Bai He were famous people in Eastern Sea, but how could they compare to Fang Yuan?


 You Chan agreed with Qin Bai He’s words deeply, she frowned and transmitted: “I think the same! But we are trapped inside the immortal battlefield killer move, how can we escape?”


 This immortal battlefield was completely flawless, like a dark red egg trapping the three immortals. There were countless purple stars in the egg shell, shining dazzlingly. The scene was beautiful, but You Chan did not have the mood to appreciate it.


 She wanted nothing more than to smash the egg and create a hole so that she could escape!


 Qin Bai He quickly replied: “I have a method to penetrate the immortal battlefield, to communicate with the outside world and draw in reinforcements.”


 “That’s great!” You Chan was joyful.


 Normally speaking, once a person was trapped in an immortal battlefield, they would be isolated from the outside world, they could not connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 But this relationship was like a spear and a shield, one side was stronger than another. If the spear was stronger, it would penetrate the defense, but if the shield was stronger, the spear would be helpless.


 Qin Bai He was one of the six fairies of Eastern Sea, similar to You Chan, if she sought for help outside, she would get lots of responses. In fact, the two of them were even slightly linked to Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Even though asking for help would make them owe favors and leave debts behind, their lives were at stake, they did not care.


 “Alright, go ahead, I will defend you!” You Chan had a determined expression, she stood in front of Qin Bai He.


 Qin Bai He breathed in deeply, her lustrous black hair spread out as countless flower petals descended, it was a beautiful scene. Within the fragrant flower petals that rained down, Qin Bai He with pale white skin was like a fairy of flowers, it was a moving scene.


 Over at You Chan, her aura was rising, it was becoming stronger.


 The immortal killer move was activated, droplets of rain filled the sky, before turning into a misty fog that shielded both her and Qin Bai He.


 Fang Yuan stood in the air, watching them with a nonchalant attitude, purple light flickered in his eyes as he smiled: “Qin Bai He, you want to communicate with the outside world, this killer move fragrant flowery words will not work, don’t waste your effort.”


 Saying so, he willed as countless purple stars descended and filled the world.


 The purple stars crashed down as You Chan’s rain shield and Qin Bai He’s flowers suffered terrible damage.


 Fang Yuan controlled the immortal battlefield killer move, after creating a wisdom path environment, he had a huge territorial advantage, he suppressed both water path and wood path.


 “My immortal battlefield was created by deduction using three rank eight battlefield killer moves and eighteen killer moves as reference. I named it purple star broken life, it only has one ability, that is to conceal traces and isolate you from the outside world. The space in here is huge, but it only occupies one tiny spot in the outside world, even if anyone came here, they would not notice the battlefield.”


 Fang Yuan spoke casually, but these two fairies felt their hearts turning cold.


 Qin Bai He was shocked and uncertain.


 She was shocked because Fang Yuan actually exposed her plan. She was uncertain because she did not know if he was speaking the truth.


 “So amazing! This Fang Yuan is so scheming, he is definitely not someone who has brawn without brains!”


 Qin Bai He thought about it for a while, she was covered in sweat, she could see how tough Fang Yuan was to deal with.


 Regardless of the truth behind his words, she had already wavered, this was more effective than most wisdom path killer moves.


 You Chan was someone with a firm attitude, she shouted as she pushed with her palms.


 Instantly, raindrops moved as countless crystal clear water threads gathered into a huge fish monster.


 Immortal killer move — Whale Form Rain!


 Fang Yuan snorted as his gaze shifted, countless purple stars crashed down and completely suppressed the fish monster and two fairies.


 This immortal battlefield killer move had many of Fang Yuan’s wisdom path Immortal Gu, it had great power.


 However, You Chan and Qin Bai He desperately held on like tough rocks facing impending waves.


 That huge fish monster was in poor shape after the purple stars’ attack, but You Chan sustained her killer move and replenished it with rainwater.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Beast Summoning!


 Fang Yuan willed as he summoned five ancient soul beasts, attacking the two fairies.


 He did not use year beast summoning because soul beast summoning was superior. The ancient soul beasts were under Fang Yuan’s control, they were obedient, but the suppression of the battlefield made them feel uncomfortable.


 Inside this wisdom path battlefield killer move, the effect would be better if Fang Yuan used wisdom path Immortal Gu or killer moves. Other paths would still face suppression and conflict, it was not like the sovereign immortal body.


 “After this, I should modify a soul path battlefield killer move and use it with soul beast summoning, the effect would be great.” Fang Yuan thought.


 The wisdom path battlefield killer move was more useful for concealment and preventing deductions, this was the advantage of the path itself, so Fang Yuan deduced a wisdom path battlefield killer move first.


 The ancient soul beasts were ferocious, assaulting the two female immortals and fighting against them.


 They were controlled by Fang Yuan, they ignored the fish monster and directly attacked Qin Bai He and You Chan, causing them to be in great danger.


 During the intense battle, You Chan’s heart sank: “Fang Yuan has not attacked yet, but we are already desperately trying to stay alive, if he attacks, we are dead meat!”


 Fang Yuan was still far away, watching the two females in tough combat.


 After a long time of resting and practising, his methods were now abundant, he had no clear weaknesses. Even without using any signature methods, he forced these two rank seven Gu Immortals into a corner.



***
Chapter 1486 - Death of Beauties


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Under Fang Yuan’s ferocious attacks, after a dozen breaths, You Chan felt fatigued, she could not carry on much longer.


 “Sigh...” Qin Bai He sighed deeply as she stopped the immortal killer move fragrant flowery words that had been active.


 Fang Yuan did not lie to her, fragrant flowery words was useless here, Qin Bai He had tested it, she joined the battle with a heavy heart.


 She was a wood path Gu Immortal, she used her killer moves consecutively. Only to see that flowers were falling everywhere, some of her moves had corrosive gases, some of her moves had endless flower petal blades.


 Qin Bai He’s long dress was fluttering with her black hair, she seemed to be dancing in the battle, her body was elegant and extremely attractive.


 On the other hand, You Chan shouted heroically but seductively at the same time 1 .


 The two women were famous fairies in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world indeed, they had incredible elegance and were very attractive. If any ordinary Gu Immortal met these two precious gems, they would already be melted by their appearance, why would they find problems with them? Not to mention killing them.


 It was a pity that the two girls met Fang Yuan!


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Sword Dragon Transformation!


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 “Roar—!”


 The sword dragon roared and suddenly appeared, charging at the two girls without stopping.


 “Oh no!” You Chan shouted loudly.


 Qin Bai He’s heart was about to jump out, she gritted her teeth: “Evil fiend, take this move!”


 Saying so, flower petals gathered around her and formed into a tornado, sweeping towards the ancient sword dragon.


 You Chan also reacted as she shouted: “I will lend you a hand!”


 Saying so, she used her water path killer move and shot out a tidal current.


 The current fused into the petal tornado and instantly, the tornado grew by several times, its power and multiplied.


 “What a great fusion of water and wood!” Qin Bai He praised as her confidence level rose.


 The flower petal tornado crashed into the ancient sword dragon as after a moment, the ancient sword dragon was completely destroyed by the tornado.


 Such an incredible result did not make these two fairies happy, they showed an expression of shock instead.


 “Oh no, this ancient sword dragon is fake!” Qin Bai He had just thought of this when a huge silver dragon appeared behind her soundlessly.


 Time seemed to have stopped at that moment!


 Qin Bai He turned around with difficulty, with the corner of her eyes, she could see that the ancient sword dragon had opened its mouth, biting into her tiny body. Those sharp dragon fangs shining with cold light were like spears, Qin Bai He felt a chill upon seeing them!


 “Fang Yuan, you are a reputed person with rank eight battle strength, you actually sneak attacked!” At the other side, You Chan shouted with deep anger in her.


 Fang Yuan had such an advantage but he still sneak attacked, he was truly too shameless, he did not have the disposition of an expert, he was too shameless!


 Seeing that Qin Bai He was about to end up in his mouth, at the moment of crisis, You Chan attacked with unprecedented ferocity!


 A huge rain started to drizzle, the raindrops shot towards Fang Yuan like countless arrows.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, he bit hard without concern.


 Thump!


 Because he used too much force, when his teeth collided, there was a dull and loud sound.


 “No—!” You Chan screamed in shock.


 Almost at the same time, her strong attacks were all reflected back to her by reverse flow protection seal.


 You Chan defended herself in a panic, at this moment, she truly felt how weak she was.


 “How can I beat him?”


 “His defensive method uses Reverse Flow River, all of my attacks are reflected back at me, he is too shameless!”


 You Chan felt like she was in an icy abyss.


 However, when Fang Yuan opened his mouth, there were no bones or flesh, only some petals were in between his teeth.


 And on the other end, the flying petals gathered and formed a human body.


 The body quickly moved away, it was a naked Qin Bai He, without any clothes.


 At this moment, she had used her lifesaving killer move and rendered Fang Yuan’s attack useless, Qin Bai He managed to escape with her life.


 “Bai He!” You Chan shouted happily.


 Qin Bai He had an ashen expression, her lips were trembling. She had escaped from death, the situation was so dangerous earlier, she was only a second away from actually dying.


 The flower petals flew towards her and gathered on her body, instantly turning into a beautiful dress.


 You Chan quickly flew over and regrouped with her.


 The two girls had alerted gazes as they looked at Fang Yuan, from the depth of their eyes, there was deep fear and shock.


 The ancient sword dragon’s attack missed but it did not attack again, its dragon pupils were observing the surroundings.


 “I understand now, so that’s it.” Suddenly, the ancient sword dragon’s mouth opened as its voice reverberated in the two girls’ ears.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Countless purple stars shot down again, all of the petals in the battlefield were decimated.


 Qin Bai He’s body shook intensely.


 Fang Yuan’s act left her with no way out, she could not use that lifesaving method again.


 Ancient sword dragon roared again as it pounced.


 The two fairies were pale and were biting their lips, fighting for their lives.


 This was truly a battle of survival.


 The two fairies did not dare to hold back anymore, they used their trump cards.


 Boom boom boom!


 The intense attacks resulted in dazzling lights, it was like a fireworks display.


 The ancient sword dragon crossed the fireworks and moved smoothly, reverse flow protection seal reflected all attacks away from it, it was truly unstoppable!


 The two girls were injured, and their injuries were deepening rapidly.


 However, Fang Yuan could not take their lives in the meantime.


 These two fairies were rank seven Gu Immortals, they had many methods to protect themselves, being famous people with deep foundations, they were not so simple.


 “Fang Yuan, don’t attack, we surrender!”


 “We acknowledge your strength, I swear that we will step out of the dragonfish business from now on. Please let us off.”


 After a while of fighting, the two girls were bathed in blood and panting, they begged for mercy.


 There was no hope of victory for them in this battle at all.


 From start to end, Fang Yuan had the upper hand, the two girls were resisting desperately, but they could not last much longer.


 “We can pay resources and large amounts of wealth, as long as you let us off.”


 “That’s right, if we fight to the death, we will detonate our Immortal Gu, you will get nothing.”


 “We should not have been enemies with you, these dragonfish are all yours, we have learned a lesson already, if we see you again, we will take a detour.”


 “We swear that after this battle, we will not be enemies with you or initiate any acts of revenge.”


 The two girls said one after another, their opinions were the same.


 “Truly intelligent and perceptive of the situation.” The ancient sword dragon stopped attacking and floated elegantly in the air.


 His cold dragon eyes looked at the two women as Fang Yuan said: “Then offer one Immortal Gu each to me, that will express your sincerity.”


 The two girls’ hearts tightened, they looked at each other, feeling that Fang Yuan was truly hard to deal with!


 Once they lost their Immortal Gu, their battle strength would fall rapidly.


 But if they did not hand over their Immortal Gu, they would be in mortal danger.


 After a bit of hesitation, You Chan said: “We will agree to this condition, but to prevent any accidents, let’s set an agreement to not harm each other, we will use information path methods from both sides.”


 “Let’s do it.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 However, during their negotiation, they met with obstruction.


 Qin Bai He and You Chan emphasized that once Fang Yuan violates the agreement, he would be faced with death. He would not accept that.


 Fang Yuan had his own schemes, he had the self cleansing immortal formation, he planned to use this immortal formation to get rid of the alliance agreements that were not favorable to him.


 But Fang Yuan could not control this method himself, it would take some time to get rid of these dao marks.


 If it was an instant death rule, self cleansing immortal formation could not help him.


 Fang Yuan did not want to let these two Gu Immortals off.


 If he did, it would be very hard to capture them again like this.


 Furthermore, Heavenly Court might remove the alliance agreement for them, that would aggravate the situation. In this dragonfish business, Fang Yuan would still have a strong contender in that case.


 The two did not reach an agreement, the two girls understood Fang Yuan’s intentions completely.


 “Fang Yuan, it seems you really want us to die.”


 “Even if we die, we will not let you gain anything!”


 Filled with rage, these two girls chose to fight to the death.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, his killing intent surging. After some fighting, he found a chance and his attack landed, half of Qin Bai He’s body was torn apart.


 The entire left side of her body was slashed apart, her organs and bones could be seen inside.


 “Bai He, I will help you!” You Chan was extremely worried, she came to help but did not know that Fang Yuan’s true target was her.


 You Chan was caught unguarded and was bit by the ancient sword dragon.


 Plop.


 Thick blood oozed out of the crevices between his sharp teeth.


 Crack, crack.


 Fang Yuan chewed and swallowed, this beautiful You Chan had turned into a pile of mushy flesh and blood, she had died.


 “Ah, Chan Er!” Qin Bai He saw that her beloved was killed, she screamed in grief, her eyes were red as tears flowed out.


 “Fang Yuan, you murderer, I will not let you off!” Qin Bai He did not dodge anymore, she charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sneered, he used the immortal killer move purple thought perception starlight to break Qin Bai He’s defense.


 Next, he opened his mouth and breathed out his sword light dragon breath.


 After the dragon breath passed, Qin Bai He’s body was completely decimated, only her head was left, staring angrily at Fang Yuan, her beautiful face was still intact, but it was twisted and covered in blood.


 Fang Yuan flew over slowly and slashed with his dragon claws.


 Splat.


 Like watermelon landing on the ground, the dragon claw tore Qin Bai He’s head into pieces as brain matter and blood splattered on the ground.



***
Chapter 1487 - Searching for Loot


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With the flash of a bright light, ancient sword dragon returned to human form.


 You Chan and Qin Bai He were dead, from now on, Eastern Sea only had four out of six fairies left.


 Fang Yuan slaughtered them mercilessly without a change in expression, he targeted them and used his immortal method.


 Soon, two immortal apertures were taken out and sealed temporarily.


 Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect, he gained Blazing Heaven Demoness’ immortal aperture retrieval method, he also had many other methods that were useful against immortal apertures.


 Before coming to Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan had already deduced a method to temporarily seal immortal apertures and carry them with him.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was not busy dealing with the immortal apertures yet, he retracted his immortal battlefield killer move purple star broken life before calling out Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 In order to guard against unexpected mishaps, all of Shadow Sect’s members were brought with him to Eastern Sea inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel!


 This killer move originally had flaws and was not very useful, but Fang Yuan had modified it greatly. Thus, once he used it, Fang Yuan and the other three immortals immediately left dragonfish sea area and arrived at white crane sea area.


 White crane sea area had a clear breeze and a calm sea, there was blue skies and white clouds, there was a clear horizon between the sea and sky, countless white cranes were flying around or standing elegantly on the small islands and resting.


 Fang Yuan did not stop here, he plunged into the deep sea.


 The rest of the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals followed Fang Yuan’s instructions and started to capture the white cranes in the area.


 Fang Yuan went to the bottom of the sea, his eyes were sharp as he noticed an Immortal Gu House straight away.


 It turned out that he had given up a portion of dragonfish sea area to rush to white crane sea area just for Qin Bai He’s rank six Immortal Gu House Bai He Palace.


 When Qin Bai He left, she did not bring this Immortal Gu House with her. For one, peace was too ingrained in her, she was too careless, and on the other hand, she left behind the Immortal Gu House to defend white crane sea area from accidents.


 Fang Yuan directly approached Bai He Palace.


 The door opened, it actually allowed Fang Yuan to enter!


 Because he had turned into Qin Bai He’s appearance, familiar face’s effect was too amazing, and only Qin Bai He’s will was left in this Immortal Gu House.


 Fang Yuan successfully entered Bai He Palace and withdrew Qin Bai He’s will.


 The will did not suspect anything until it entered Fang Yuan’s mind.


 But Fang Yuan was prepared for it, with his mind as the battlefield, he quickly captured this will. And using the will, he slowly took over this Bai He Palace.


 Even with his wisdom path Immortal Gu and methods, he had to spend a day and night to successfully gain ownership of Bai He Palace.


 And now, Fang Yuan finally had his own Immortal Gu House!


 “But this Bai He Palace is not complete, it lacks a lot of things and has low power, it only uses two rank six Immortal Gu as the cores, this was specially designed to house Qin Bai He’s concubines.”


 Bai He Palace was not reliable, it was quite fragile and was far weaker than Hei tribe’s Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 After controlling it, Fang Yuan took a good look at the structure and memorized its profundities before taking it apart, obtaining a large number of Gu worms and two rank six Immortal Gu, one was wood path and the other was food path, named Eat Fragrance.


 This was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 The Gu worms on You Chan and Qin Bai He, be it Immortal Gu or mortal Gu, were not left to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, the Gu worms that constructed Bai He Palace were all of Fang Yuan’s gains in terms of Gu worms.


 Eat fragrance Immortal Gu was like a wooden box, small and exquisite, with the size of an adult’s index finger. It had a useless ability, that was to help the Gu Immortal eat fragrance qi and fill their stomachs.


 “But in this world, there are no useless Gu worms, only useless Gu Masters.” Fang Yuan had a food path inheritance, with a shift of these thoughts, he found many ways to make use of eat fragrance Immortal Gu.


 Even though this Immortal Gu was useless when used alone, it could be paired with other Gu worms and display a useful effect that was worth expecting.


 Currently, Fang Yuan only had one food path Immortal Gu, named Snack. With the addition of Eat Fragrance, his insufficiency in food path Immortal Gu was reduced to an extent.


 This was a joyful surprise to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan disassembled Bai He Palace and killed all of the concubines inside it, only their souls were left behind.


 After returning to white crane sea area, the Shadow Sect immortals were still busy fighting against time, capturing and taking the resources inside the sea area.


 The cranes had formed into groups, there was a huge number of them.


 There were countless ordinary white cranes, twenty one desolate beast cranes, and four ancient desolate beast cranes.


 After spending some effort, Fang Yuan and the rest captured all of the white cranes and even took all of the resources in the sea. There were two types of resources in the sea, one was great history iron, it was a rank seven immortal material of metal path and wisdom path, there was also an egg crystal rock, it was the life essence of eggmen after death.


 There were a lot of egg crystal rocks, showing that long ago in white crane sea area, there was a huge group of eggmen living here.


 Fang Yuan stored away all of these as he used Omni-directional Travel to return to dragonfish sea area.


 There were still many dragonfish left here, the scale was far larger than the ones Fang Yuan owned.


 Fang Yuan kept all of them in his immortal aperture, this fortune made his dragonfish quantity increase by dozens of times!


 You Chan was the number one seller in the dragonfish business indeed, her foundation was so deep even Fang Yuan felt shocked.


 After emptying dragonfish sea area, Fang Yuan looked at the sky, but nobody was coming.


 “Heavenly Court is making no movement... to think that I still stalled for time purposely to lure out Heavenly Court’s reinforcements.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, his expression was icy.


 He had prepared amply, even against a rank eight Gu Immortal, he had no fear.


 Heavenly Court could guess Fang Yuan’s identity and help You Chan to resist Fang Yuan. Similarly, he could deduce that Heavenly Court was behind her.


 Fang Yuan came here, it was an assault on You Chan and Qin Bai He, but he was also probing Heavenly Court.


 And after probing, Heavenly Court still took no actions.


 This was a little surprising.


 “Heavenly Court actually sent nobody? Did Fairy Zi Wei fail to predict this, did she not react in time? Or maybe... Heavenly Court does not have the manpower after all.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, as an experienced schemer, he guessed the problem Heavenly Court was facing now.


 Heavenly Court did lack manpower now.


 Fang Yuan had felt this back when he was escaping in Western Desert. But now, he had confirmed his guess!


 Since Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals did not come, Fang Yuan was not going to wait in vain. Using Omni-directional Travel to leave dragonfish sea area, he landed You Chan’s and Qin Bai He’s immortal apertures in an unnamed sea area in Eastern Sea.


 A rank seven water path immortal aperture and a rank seven wood path immortal aperture.


 While the immortal aperture was turning into a blessed land, Fang Yuan went inside.


 Inside You Chan blessed land, the acknowledgement requirement was to kill Fang Yuan. He was very crafty, he changed his appearance and disguised himself before going in.


 Immortal killer move — Blood Light Spirit Suppression!


 You Chan’s land spirit was suppressed by Fang Yuan, the water path immortal aperture was soon annexed by Fang Yuan.


 And in Bai He blessed land, the land spirit’s condition had to do with Bai He Palace.


 But Fang Yuan ignored it, he used blood light spirit suppression to subdue the land spirit.


 However, he could not annex a wood path blessed land, he could only let it stay here now. Since the blessed land could not be found easily when its entrance was closed, this place was still quite safe.


 Like what Fang Yuan had expected, the two blessed lands had no Gu worms, even the resources inside were all destroyed already.


 You Chan and Qin Bai He did not want to leave anything to this murderer.


 Thankfully, not everyone could trigger the winds of assimilation.


 After doing all these, Fang Yuan did not want to stay in Eastern Sea anymore, he left.


 The crimes he committed this time, killing both You Chan, Qin Bai He and ransacking their sea areas, would soon be exposed and create a huge commotion in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 It was not an exaggeration.


 Be it Qin Bai He or You Chan, they were people with huge influences.


 And because the Gu Immortal world had been peaceful for too long, it would cause some panic with the death of two rank seven experts, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals would be worried for their safety.


 There would also be a lot of Gu Immortal coming with various reasons, like taking revenge for You Chan and Qin Bai He, upholding justice, greed over their assets, or to establish their fame, a lot of Gu Immortals were going to track down Fang Yuan.


 Why would he not leave?


 Even though Fang Yuan was fearless with rank eight battle strength, he did not want to engage himself in these troublesome affairs.



***
Chapter 1488 - Crimes Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later.


 A Gu Immortal was flying above white crane sea area.


 This Gu Immortal wore a green shirt and had a young appearance, his nose was sharp and his face was wide, his eyes were shining like stars.


 Rank seven aura emanated from his body, his name was Qing Yue Zhi Cheng, he had a huge origin, being a Gu Immortal from the Eastern Sea super force Qing Yue clan, he was the bloodline descendant of the first supreme elder, Qing Yue An.


 “This is?” Seeing the barren state of white crane sea area, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s expression sank.


 He had affection towards Qin Bai He, even though he knew she was into women, he could accept it.


 Even though he could accept Qin Bai He, she did not accept him.


 It was truly a one-sided affection, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was rejected from the start but he had never given up, he had persevered for the last decade.


 Even though Qin Bai He disliked him, she did not want to be on bad terms with Qing Yue clan, thus, she always replied to Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s letters, albeit half-heartedly.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng would write her a love letter once in a while, but Qin Bai He would only reply with one word – read, or okay.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was satisfied with receiving ‘read’, but if he got ‘okay’, he would be smiling for the next few days.


 Humans were not emotionless, even Gu Immortals had lust and feelings of love towards others.


 But recently, he had not been getting any responses to his letters.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng tried to contact her but they all failed.


 He had a bad feeling in his heart, he could not wait any longer, he directly came to white crane sea area.


 Once he saw the barren state of white crane sea area, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s brows became tightly locked.


 In the past, white crane sea area had a serene environment with flying white cranes, it was filled with vitality, but now, it was robbed bare, there was literally nothing left.


 “Fairy Bai He, where are you?” Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s bad feeling was getting worse, he immediately dived into the sea.


 He had been here many times, even though Qin Bai He did not welcome him, he often found many appropriate reasons to find her.


 This time, after entering the sea, the image that he saw was far different from the image in his mind.


 He saw a huge trench with countless crevices and broken rocks, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s heart sank to rock bottom: “Oh no, looking at the situation here, this place was robbed!”


 After checking for a while, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was filled with rage.


 “They have such guts!”


 “They dare to rob Fairy Bai He’s sea area, the great history iron and egg crystal rocks were all plundered, this person is so arrogant.”


 “Fairy Bai He, you must be safe!!”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng thought of the person he loved as he felt shocked and scared.


 He looked around but did not find that rank six Immortal Gu House Bai He Palace.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was unresigned, he used his investigative method to look at the surroundings again.


 He found nothing.


 Qin Bai He seemed to have vanished into thin air, Bai He Palace was missing too, and even more strangely, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng could not find any traces of battle in this place at all!


 Fang Yuan did not kill Qin Bai He or You Chan here, that was in dragonfish sea area.


 But even if Qing Yue Zhi Cheng went to dragonfish sea area, he would not find any traces.


 Fang Yuan’s methods to erase traces were simply too outstanding! And the battle was even conducted in the battlefield killer move purple star broken life.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng could not find anything, he felt suspicious.


 “Fairy Bai He is an expert among rank seven Gu Immortals, it is unlikely that anyone can kill her stealthily. Unless it is a rank eight Gu Immortal...”


 “But rank eights usually govern a domain and restrict each other, any movement from them would cause a huge commotion, how could they come to kill Fairy Bai He without reason? Hehe.”


 Thinking of this, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s worries lifted.


 But soon, his expression turned stiff: “Don’t tell me Fairy Bai He got sick of me and decided to change locations and moved all her resources with her?”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng thought about it, the possibility was slim.


 White crane sea area produced a lot of resources, how could Qin Bai He give up on it? Even if she found a better area, there was no reason to leave this place alone.


 “Unless, she encountered an unbeatable enemy? Against such a strong foe, she had no choice but to give up and retreat?”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng had another thought.


 But soon, he shook his head: “If she met with a strong enemy, why would Fairy Bai He not seek help? With her network, with just one word, she would receive a lot of help from various Gu Immortals.”


 “So what happened exactly? Why did Fairy Bai He vanish so mysteriously?”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng frowned deeply.


 He did not think that Qin Bai He was dead, firstly, he did not want to think in that direction, secondly, that possibility was too bizarre.


 Qin Bai He was a famous person in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, her strength was not weak, she was rank seven.


 Who could easily kill such a person?


 Like what Qing Yue Zhi Cheng had said, unless it was a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 But this possibility was even slimmer.


 The five regions have been in peace for too long, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng subconsciously felt that such a cruel murder would not occur, and it would definitely not happen to his beloved fairy.


 But after his investigation, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng had a conclusion.


 “Regardless of what happened, Fairy Bai He must be in trouble, I need to find her and help her!”


 At once, the thought of the hero saving the beauty appeared in Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s mind.


 “If there are no clues here, I will find the nearby Gu Immortals and ask them.” You Chan’s name soon appeared in Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s mind.


 You Chan’s dragonfish sea area was famous too.


 And in terms of distance, You Chan was closest to Qin Bai He.


 They were basically neighbors.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng moved with lightning speed, he immediately left white crane sea area and spent some effort to reach dragonfish sea area.


 Dragonfish sea area was in a worse state than white crane sea area, this place used to have countless dragonfish swimming about in millions per group, it was one of the most amazing sights in Eastern Sea, but now, it was empty.


 A breeze was blowing as the seawater became turbulent, waves were created endlessly.


 “What is happening?”


 “Even dragonfish sea area was robbed?!”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was tongue-tied, he expressed shock in his eyes.


 Qin Bai He and You Chan’s sea areas were in such states, who was the one who caused this?


 After all, both You Chan and Qin Bai He were powerful rank seven experts, they were not weak at all!


 This time, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng not only felt suspicion, he felt fear.


 He came extremely alert, he went deep into the sea to investigate, but the sad thing was he found out nothing.


 “How can this be? What happened exactly? Not just Fairy Bai He, even Fairy You Chan also encountered this. Wait, the dragonfish business, treasure yellow heaven!”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s body shook as he connected to treasure yellow heaven.


 You Chan’s dragonfish business was famous in all five regions, she definitely had her will in treasure yellow heaven to manage the dragonfish business.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s consciousness entered treasure yellow heaven as he quickly contacted You Chan’s will.


 Once they conversed, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng found out that You Chan’s will had no idea what happened!


 “You Chan and her will communicate quite frequently, the interval is at most three days each time. This means that in the last three days, she and Fairy Bai He have encountered a mysterious attack!”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s felt sweat dripping off his forehead.


 The more he investigated, the more he uncovered the truth, it was mysterious and terrifying.


 Be it You Chan or Qin Bai He, they would not take away the resources randomly and run away. All this showed that they had met with an unstoppable threat!


 An intense worry filled Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s heart.


 “No, I need to get home and get help from the Gu Immortals in my clan!” Qing Yue Zhi Cheng looked at the empty dragonfish sea area as he felt a chill down his spine, he quickly returned and did not dare to stay any longer.


 Qin Bai He’s and You Chan’s murder was exposed. Even though there was no evidence pointing to the two fairies’ deaths, with Qing Yue clan’s great strength, they quickly unveiled a portion of the truth.


 Meanwhile, the culprit behind this murder case was scot-free, flying casually in Western Desert.


 After leaving Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan did not go to Northern Plains, instead, he went past Southern Border and arrived in Western Desert.


 Above the clouds, Fang Yuan’s consciousness entered the sovereign immortal aperture as he inspected his gains from Eastern Sea.


 After killing You Chan and Qin Bai He, Fang Yuan’s gains were huge.


 He gained a large number of dragonfish, the scale far surpassed dragon scale sea area, they were living all over Mini Eastern Sea now.


 He also got a high quantity of great history iron and egg crystal rocks.


 There were also two rank six Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had already started arranging their food.


 Qin Bai He’s wood path immortal aperture was left in Eastern Sea, he could not annex it or bring it with him. You Chan’s water path immortal aperture was already annexed, he gained a huge sea area and a large number of water path dao marks!


 But these gains were far inferior to City Well.


 Indeed, the secluded domain of heaven and earth, City Well, was now in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 After Fang Yuan went to Eastern Sea, he first went to turbulent flow sea area and moved the City Well that was left there into sovereign immortal aperture. After that, he went to dragonfish sea area and killed You Chan and Qin Bai He.


 Secluded Domain of Heaven and Earth — City Well!


 Fang Yuan had wanted to get City Well long ago, but back then, pulling mountain Immortal Gu was ineffective against it, he could not relocate it into his immortal aperture.


 But now, using the light of wisdom, he created an immortal killer move using pulling mountain Immortal Gu as the core, to target and move City Well, after a long time of hard work, he succeeded!



***
Chapter 1489 - Variant Human Raising Plan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The well was squarish on the outside, but it was circular on the surface inside.


 City Well!


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he placed City Well in Mini Central Continent.


 After Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River, this was Fang Yuan’s fourth secluded domain of heaven and earth.


 Throughout history, there were few Gu Immortals who could achieve the feat of collecting four secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 City Well was written in >, it was formerly the living environment of minimen.


 Right now, that mini city in City Well had been destroyed by Fang Yuan. Originally, Miniscule Mountain was inside it, but it had already been removed from City Well and destroyed in Northern Plains.


 However, Fang Yuan’s City Well was not empty, there were many blessed lands inside it.


 The owner of these immortal apertures were the ones who were killed by Fang Yuan using City Well.


 After the immortal aperture becomes a blessed land, it needed to absorb heaven and earth qi, the entrance had to be opened to connect to the outside world.


 Fang Yuan had taken the chance to enter and explore these blessed lands.


 Those without land spirits that could be ransacked were already looted. The remaining blessed lands had a lot of cultivation resources left behind, Fang Yuan did not take them yet.


 “Now that I have blood light spirit suppression, I can suppress these land spirits, but without the upper extreme heavenly eagle, I cannot enter.”


 These immortal aperture’s entrances were closed now, Fang Yuan could not enter for the time being.


 “If I can annex these immortal apertures, and take all of their resources away, my dao marks will rise sharply and my immortal aperture development will also increase.”


 This was a huge amount of profits that Fang Yuan could not devour yet, but it was already his, so there was little chance of getting stolen, Fang Yuan was quite pleased.


 “Other than these blessed lands, City Well has huge value, it cannot be underestimated.”


 With City Well, Fang Yuan could raise variant humans and even pure bred humans.


 This was a good thing.


 The Gu Immortal world classified the development of immortal apertures into seven levels.


 The first level was establishing mortal resources, to produce mortal Gu, mortal Gu materials, and ordinary beasts and plants.


 The second level was to have immortal material resources to feed Immortal Gu.


 The third level was to raise and produce immortal beasts and plants, completing the ecosystem.


 The fourth level was to use excess immortal materials, beasts, and plants to trade and earn profits.


 The fifth level was to produce Immortal Gu naturally in the immortal aperture.


 The sixth level was to raise variant human and humans, and produce Gu Immortals among them.


 The seventh level was to produce lifespan Gu.


 These seven levels were in order, they were the summation of the Gu Immortal world’s experiences throughout time, until now, it was the golden rule of Gu Immortal cultivation.


 It was not that Gu Immortals could not raise variant humans or humans in their immortal aperture from the start, but if they did, the results would not be optimal, and they would be wasting their own foundation instead.


 These seven levels were in order, it was created by generations of geniuses in the Gu Immortal world for countless years. If one progressed using this template, their immortal apertures would be very stable and healthy.


 Fang Yuan was currently at the third and fourth level, he was quite far from the fifth level.


 But he had City Well now, he could directly jump into the sixth level of development.


 City Well could allow a Gu Immortal to jump levels and raise variant humans and even humans easily.


 What was the advantage of raising variant humans or humans?


 The benefits were too immense.


 Each variant human race has its own unique resources.


 For example, snowmen had ice tears and snow lotus essence, rockmen had rock dragonx, while feathermen had freedom Gu.


 If these resources were produced on a large scale, they would be sold in the market for huge profits.


 Other than these unique resources, there was also one common resource.


 That was — Human Qi!


 Heaven qi, earth qi, human qi.


 Balancing these three qi was the crucial point of immortal ascension.


 During the process of immortal ascension, the higher the human qi, the greater the Gu Master’s foundation, and the better the quality of the immortal aperture formed.


 After becoming a Gu Immortal, human qi’s usage would fall by a lot. The Gu Immortal only needed to balance heaven and earth qi, replenishing them once in a while to stabilize their immortal aperture world.


 But that did not mean that human qi was useless.


 Conversely, human qi was extremely important to Gu Immortals!


 But the method to use human qi had been lost long ago. Qi path was created earlier than strength path, it was strong in the past, but had declined by now.


 At the moment, there were quite a few methods to use human qi as a Gu material. Especially some qi path Gu Immortals with some exotic methods, even though these qi path Gu Immortals were quite rare already.


 Be it variant humans or normal humans, they could produce human qi.


 The higher the number and strength of the variant humans and normal humans, the higher quantity of the human qi.


 Of course, under the same circumstances, the human qi produced by a variant human is lower in quantity than a pure bred human.


 Other than human qi, there would also be a lot of ‘special’ immortal materials that would be produced by variant humans and humans.


 For example, fan door wind.


 This rank seven immortal material only grew on the doors of mortal houses, instead of in nature like forests or mountains. Whenever this immortal material is produced, the mortal’s door would not be able to close, it could only stay open.


 Such a special immortal material could not be found in the wilderness.


 “And there is a hypothesis in Shadow Sect’s inheritance.”


 “The more human qi one accumulates, the more likely that Gu Immortal can comprehend the profundity of human path!”


 Thinking of this, bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Human path!


 This was the path created by Ren Zu.


 Throughout history, some rank eight great experts or rank nine venerables would comprehend some of the profundities inside > in their lives.


 For example, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable studied > and created all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck.


 Or for example, the Ancestor Chai Fu from Southern Border’s Chai clan, he had created the human path killer move from studying > in his later years, allowing Chai clan to become a super force.


 Such instances were innumerable.


 “In my situation, if I start raising variant humans and humans, it would only destroy my immortal aperture’s environment, I would waste too much time and effort, my foundation would be expended.”


 “But with City Well, I will be able to raise them in isolation, it will not interfere with my immortal aperture development. Furthermore, raising variant humans or humans in City Well will be more effective than usual due to the special environment.”


 “Forget about humans, their intelligence is too high, and they expend too many resources. Now, I should choose one type of variant humans to raise in here.”


 There were ten variant human races in the Gu world.


 They were: hairy men, rockmen, snowmen, feathermen, mermen, inkmen, eggmen, beastmen, miniman, and mushroommen.


 Each had their own specialty.


 “Which one should I choose?” Fang Yuan had not decided.


 There was only one City Well, he could only choose one type of them to raise. Because variant humans needed different living environments, raising more than one would only result in losses to him.


 “Forget about beastmen, they are extinct.”


 “Hairy men? I do need them to refine Gu for me.”


 “Rockmen? I had raised a batch before, with guts Gu, I can raise them very easily.”


 “Snowmen are good too, I am related to them by marriage now, the snowman tribe is supporting me.”


 “As for miniman, they are suited for this City Well to begin with, my immortal aperture development also needs these miniman to nurture my immortal plants.”


 “As for feathermen, mermen, inkmen, eggmen, and mushroommen... either one of them would give me huge benefits too.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, by the time he reached his destination, he did not come up with an answer.


 This problem was not urgent.


 Because even if Fang Yuan considered it, he did not have the funds to start this huge project now.


 His immortal essence stone storage was quite low now.


 But thankfully, he had a lot of red date immortal essence, even though he had just fought against You Chan and Qin Bai He.


 This was due to the sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow, after being restored and further raised by Fang Yuan’s time path method, the rate of time was much higher than one-to-sixty now!


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s red date immortal essence was accumulating rapidly.


 “In this Eastern Sea trip, I collected City Well and killed You Chan. I have no rivals in the dragonfish business now, I am earning huge profits every day, that is certain. As long as I continue to sell dragonfish, my problem of low funds will be solved soon.”


 “The important thing now is Thieving Heaven’s dream realm!”


 Fang Yuan thought about it as he descended from the clouds, landing on the desert.


 On the blazing desert, a Gu Immortal was standing and waiting.


 He smiled as he cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: “Tang Fang Ming greets Lord Fang Yuan.”



***
Chapter 1490 - Thieving Heaven’s Dream Realm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan met Tang Fang Ming again.


 This person was not simple, in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, he had become extremely famous during the five regions chaotic war, he was almost like the Ma Hong Yun of Western Desert.


 Of course, now that Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect, he learned about many things.


 During the five hundred years of his previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable successfully revived and had sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he lurked in Heavenly Court and secretly controlled the five regions, plotting against the world.


 Ma Hong Yun’s rise was manipulated by Shadow Sect secretly.


 Tang Fang Ming and even the rise of Tang clan were also due to the actions of Shadow Sect.


 “Even though Heavenly Court lacks manpower now and seems unable to cope, once the dream realms expand and the five regions get into war, all sorts of people will awaken in Heavenly Court, they will shake the world once again.”


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was too deep, even Shadow Sect could not contest it.


 Fang Yuan was starting to understand why Shadow Sect reacted in that way.


 He was now following Shadow Sect’s old path, Ma Hong Yun was killed but Tang clan was still around, he had to support it.


 Fang Yuan had decided on this long ago. Back then, when he and Tang clan interacted and worked together, he was not just trying to use their tributary of the River of Time, he also wanted to work with them sincerely.


 Heavenly Court was now aggressively plotting for the future, when the great era arrives.


 You Chan and Qin Bai He were almost used by Fairy Zi Wei as pawns, therefore Fang Yuan had to eliminate them.


 Be it for the dragonfish business’ profits, or the situation of the future.


 To contest with a powerhouse like Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan’s schemes needed to be elevated to encompass all five regions, he needed to plot against the world!


 Tang Fang Ming was extremely happy that Fang Yuan had arrived.


 The last time Fang Yuan left Western Desert, he was escaping, Tang Fang Ming did not expect him to return so quickly.


 “Bring me to Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.” Fang Yuan spoke directly regarding his goal.


 “Lord Fang Yuan acts quickly, I am in deep admiration, please follow me.” Tang Fang Ming led the way.


 The two flew for a while before arriving on top of an unassuming desert.


 Tang Fang Ming stopped and stretched out his finger as a crack opened in the air, immortal aura permeated from it.


 Fang Yuan was a formation path grandmaster, he had deep foundations, after seeing this immortal formation, his eyes shined as he praised: “What a good immortal Gu formation!”


 This immortal formation’s concealment was incredible, even if Fang Yuan had his investigative killer move active, he could not detect it.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, follow me.” Tang Fang Ming entered the crack first.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he followed.


 After entering it, Fang Yuan found out that the space created by this immortal formation was like a grassland.


 His field of vision was very wide, there was lush greenery all around, and the most attracting thing was Thieving Heaven’s dream realm at the center of the plain!


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was huge, like a mountain.


 It was emitting a blue eerie light, radiating the entire formation path space.


 The five regions chaotic war had not started yet, but this dream realm of Thieving Heaven was uncovered earlier and found by Tang clan, they secretly kept it and had been researching it.


 Even though Tang clan obtained this precious treasure, they were clueless about dream path, their progress was very slow in it.


 And this progress was already built on Tang Fang Ming’s great talent and ingenuity.


 Even so, he nearly died in the dream realm, if his sister had not given up the clues to Paradise Earth’s true inheritance and got help from White Sea Shatuo, Tang Fang Ming would have died.


 And White Sea Shatuo was a split soul of Spectral Soul, during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he led the Western Desert Shadow Sect members and died in the battlefield.


 Fang Yuan did not mention the incident with White Sea Shatuo to Tang clan or Tang Fang Ming, the clue of Paradise Earth’s true inheritance was also in Fang Yuan’s hands currently.


 Paradise Earth’s true inheritance was not Fang Yuan’s focus now, he was looking at the huge dream realm of Thieving Heaven now.


 This blue and dazzling dream realm was very dangerous!


 Because it contained heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will could invade dream realms, Fang Yuan had suffered from this during the Southern Border dream realm incident.


 Long ago, when he explored the dream realm of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he also met with heaven’s will. Heaven’s will appeared in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s form to advise him, and allowed him to outwit Spectral Soul during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 As the saying goes, people learn from mistakes, an old demon like Fang Yuan drilled this lesson into the depths of his heart.


 “Once the dream realm manifests for too long, heaven’s will would invade it, that happened in Southern Border’s giant dream realm, Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, in Western Desert, has been around for even longer, I’m sure heaven’s will has already completely taken over.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with an eerie light.


 “If it were before, I would need to avoid it. But now... hehe.” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up as he stretched out his arm, aiming at Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Immortal aura surged as Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a grey-white light.


 His palms were also enveloped by this grey-white light.


 Fang Yuan took a step forward and let both palms approach the dream realm, eventually, the grey-white light came into contact with Thieving Heaven’s dream realm while Fang Yuan’s palms were merely an inch away.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, not Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique. If he really touched it, his soul would be trapped inside the dream realm. He was very vigilant about that.


 The grey-white light flowed like water, entering Thieving Heaven’s dream realm without obstruction.


 The grey-white light continued to permeate as it spread out towards the surroundings from Fang Yuan’s palms as the center.


 This phenomenon lasted for a while, it was as if the mountain-like dream realm was covered by a grey-white light.


 The light continued to expand, but Tang Fang Ming only watched quietly by the side.


 He could not tell what it was, but he knew it was an immortal killer move.


 “Lord Fang Yuan is truly formidable, he actually created an immortal killer move against the dream realm! Compared to him, I have only created several dream path mortal Gu. There truly is a mountain above a mountain, a man standing above another man!” Tang Fang Ming felt deep admiration, he felt how unfathomable Fang Yuan was.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, but he was quite nervous internally.


 He was activating the immortal killer move, heaven’s will dissipation! Even though it was not his first time, this was his first attempt at using it on a dream realm.


 Heaven’s will dissipation used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core, it could eliminate heaven’s will. He had used it against Spring Autumn Cicada earlier, now that he was using it on a dream realm, who knew what would happen.


 Time passed, ten minutes went by quickly.


 The grey-white light had expanded quite a lot, not only on the surface, but also into Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was like a mountain, but one-tenth of it was already covered by grey-white light.


 Just when Tang Fang Ming thought that the grey-white light was going to expand further, it stopped moving as multicolored eyes started to appear from the grey-white light.


 These eyes were very special, they changed colors with each blink.


 The number of multicolored eyes increased rapidly, after a few breaths of time, they went from tens to hundreds, and to thousands in a flash.


 After several tens of breaths, there were millions of multicolored eyes, they filled the grey-white light, not only on the surface, but also inside the light itself.


 “There is an effect!” Fang Yuan was excited internally but remained expressionless, Tang Fang Ming could not sense the fluctuation of his emotions.


 The multicolored eyes continued to blink as Fang Yuan’s red date immortal essence was expended rapidly. The heaven’s will in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was also getting wiped out along with it.


 The multicolored eyes blinked for several times before vanishing, but new eyes would grow in their place.


 Heaven’s will was rapidly destroyed, after a while, there was no heaven’s will left in the grey-white light.


 At this time, the grey-white light would expand as the multicolored eyes moved in for more destruction.


 Fang Yuan activated heaven’s will dissipation for three days and nights.


 Eventually, in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, there was none of heaven’s will remaining.


 Fang Yuan continued to activate the killer move and kept a veil of grey-white light around Thieving Heaven’s dream realm at all times. This way, as long as heaven’s will tried to invade it, it would be destroyed by the multicolored eyes in the white light.


 And now, Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was finally safe!


 “Next, I will explore this dream realm.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he was filled with joy in his heart.



***
Chapter 1491 - Pitiful Young Man


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, White Rabbit, and Fairy Miao Yin came out of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 “Next, I will personally explore the dream realm.” Fang Yuan turned around and said to Tang Fang Ming.


 Tang Fang Ming’s heart shook, but he soon understood Fang Yuan’s words, he smiled bitterly: “Fairies, please come with me.”


 This immortal Gu formation that concealed Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was controlled by Tang Fang Ming. But now, Tang Fang Ming was giving up a portion of the control to Shadow Sect’s immortals, so that they could control it along with him.


 This was part of the content of Fang Yuan’s and Tang clan’s alliance agreement.


 When Fang Yuan explores the dream realm, his soul would leave his body and enter the dream realm, his body would be left unguarded.


 That was quite a dangerous situation.


 Thus, Fang Yuan brought out Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals, they were in charge of protecting him.


 This immortal Gu formation could not be left under the control of outsiders, thus, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had to take part of the control of this formation.


 This way, be it Shadow Sect or Tang clan, they could restrict each other, neither could do anything vicious to Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan always did things with utmost caution.


 After the formation was half controlled by Shadow Sect, he went out of his body and entered Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Tang Fang Ming did not blink, he watched in concentration.


 “This is the truly important method!” His breathing became rough, his mind was filled with thoughts of learning.


 But what crucial technique could he learn from just watching Fang Yuan like this?


 “Where... am I?” Fang Yuan entered the dream as his vision changed.


 He found himself in a young male body, he was inside a tattered tent.


 The tent was very simple, it was merely a tattered tarp.


 Wind blew and the tent shook, a cold chill could be felt as Fang Yuan’s vision shifted towards the hole on the tent.


 The tent was torn.


 “Damn this guy, not only did he beat me, he even tore my tent!” The young man that Fang Yuan was acting as gritted his teeth as he muttered to himself.


 Next, this young man lowered his head, inspecting his injuries.


 Fang Yuan’s vision was turned again as he looked at his dirty and tattered clothes, he was really pitiful and poor, his chest was covered in blue-black wounds.


 The young man touched the injuries on his body, waves of pain could be felt by Fang Yuan.


 “To think that I, the great Ben Jie Sun, would end up in this ridiculous world, growing up as a kid again, and being bullied by a bunch of youngsters. This is too much!”


 “This world is absurd, humans actually control Gu worms to gain mysterious powers, this is just like a nightmare.”


 “Sigh! If this was really a dream, why have I not woken up after more than a decade?”


 Fang Yuan listened to the young man’s words, his heart shook.


 He knew of many secrets, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was an otherworldly demon like him, he had transmigrated from another world.


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s name is Ben Jie Sun. That means that in this dream, I am acting as Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable himself! But he is still a mortal youngster now, he has not started his Gu cultivation journey.” Fang Yuan understood.


 At this moment, the young man muttered again: “But thankfully, the tribe will open the sacred land tonight. Once I enter it, I will be able to awaken my aperture and start cultivating, I will gain Gu Master powers.”


 “Oh! I hope this power can allow me to escape this place and return to my homeland!”


 The young Thieving Heaven said this as he felt pain, he gritted his teeth and stood up, moving towards his tent flap as he walked outside.


 Fang Yuan was like a will attached to this young Thieving Heaven, he could only watch but could not manipulate his actions.


 This was a rare situation even for Fang Yuan.


 After trying all his methods and failing, Fang Yuan could only watch as an observer as the dream realm went on.


 Young Thieving Heaven went out of his tent.


 Immediately, in Fang Yuan’s vision, he saw a green oasis under the moon.


 It was night time, the round moon was high in the sky, its pure moonlight raining down on the entire oasis.


 This oasis was very small, there was a pond at the center, with many tents surrounding it.


 These tents were of varying sizes and colors, most were grey and white, some were yellow, gold, and purple.


 These tents with brighter colors were usually larger, signifying the higher status of their owners.


 Young Thieving Heaven looked at the area with admiration, before turning around to look at his own tent.


 His tent was tiny and ugly, it was covered in black soot, there were even holes in it, cold wind blew in at night.


 The young Thieving Heaven frowned as arrogance flashed in his eyes, he snorted: “After tonight, I will not stay in such a horrible place anymore!”


 Saying so, he walked towards the central tent.


 Along the way, many youngsters came out of their tents.


 They had stiff expressions, nobody dared to say a word.


 Today was the most important day of their lives, it was the most sacred moment, according to Western Desert’s customs, all of the youngsters had to be reverent and not speak unnecessarily.


 Whoever spoke too much or showed too much emotions, either joy or sadness, would cause the ritual to lose its elegance, they would be severely punished and even exiled by the clan.


 Once they were exiled, any mortal youngster would die without doubt.


 The severity of the punishment was evident.


 More and more youngsters gathered towards the center of the oasis, a crowd was forming.


 Along the way, young Thieving Heaven naturally met the youngsters who beat him.


 Fang Yuan turned to look, they were all tall and muscular, their bodies were much larger than the surrounding youngsters, their clothes were also evidently more expensive, showing that they had extraordinary background.


 These youngsters also saw young Thieving Heaven, even though they did not dare to speak, their fierce and provocative gazes were clearly seen.


 Young Thieving Heaven snorted, feeling no fear.


 Both sides walked with fierce gazes until they arrived at the pond in the middle of the oasis.


 There were common reeds growing around the pond, these white reed were flowering, swaying along with the night winds, while moonlight poured down warmly, all of the wild hope Gu were living in the reed, there were countless hope Gu here based on the number of flickering lights.


 This made Fang Yuan remember the scene of his awakening ceremony back on Qing Mao Mountain.


 Even though Western Desert’s traditions were different from Southern Border’s, they were both using hope Gu to awaken the aperture, the process was quite similar.


 One by one, the youngsters walked into the reed field as wild hope Gu flew around in shock.


 Their apertures awakened one by one, they were worried, sad, happy, and depressed respectively. For most mortals, the aptitude of the aperture decided their life’s achievements.


 But different from Southern Border’s heated atmosphere, Western Desert had a solemn and quiet atmosphere during this ceremony.


 Even if one felt immense joy or sadness, they had to control themselves, their expressions could distort, they could shed tears, but they could not make a sound.


 Soon, it was young Thieving Heaven’s turn.


 He could not wait, he went into the reed the moment permission was granted.


 But the aptitude that he had was only the worst D grade. D grade aptitude Gu Masters had only twenty to thirty percent primeval essence in their apertures, most could become rank one but few could reach rank two.


 Gu Masters with such aptitudes had basically no potential or future.


 It was basically confirmed that Gu Masters with D grade aptitudes would end up being at the bottom of the Gu Master hierarchy in their lives.


 “How! How can I have D grade aptitude?” Young Thieving Heaven screamed immediately.


 “Shut up!” The Gu Master in charge of the event immediately captured Thieving Heaven and sealed his mouth.


 Young Thieving Heaven struggled intensely, the Gu Master snorted coldly and chopped with his palm.


 Young Thieving Heaven immediately fainted.


 Fang Yuan’s field of vision also turned dark.


 He found that he could not do anything, even unravel dream had no effect.


 “The larger the dream realm, the more restrictive power it has. However, unravel dream had no effect likely because this dream realm that I am in is very special.”


 Fang Yuan estimated.


 He tried again and upon seeing no effect, he had to helplessly wait for the next scene.



***
Chapter 1492 - Thieving Heaven’s Fortuitous Encounter?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the vast darkness, Fang Yuan’s soul was suffering.


 This dark space had an immense corrosive effect on his soul. This was something Fang Yuan had never seen when exploring dream realms.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was extraordinary, he was over ten million man soul, he could endure the corrosion of the dream realm.


 Time in the dream realm could not be estimated.


 He only felt like a long time had passed before a white light appeared in the vast darkness.


 The white spot extended into a white line, before the line expanded up and down, light burst out as it filled Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Young Thieving Heaven gradually awakened.


 The white light was the blazing sun.


 Young Thieving Heaven quickly used his hand to shield his eyes.


 “Why am I here?” He soon found himself lying on the desert, night had already passed, it was noon now.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s doubts did not last long because soon, he found some information in his mind.


 This information was left behind by the clan’s Gu Master.


 The content was that Young Thieving Heaven had defied the clan rules and was exiled as punishment. But because he was young and ignorant, he only needed to stay in this desert for three days, as long as he returned to the clan after that, he would be able to join the clan again and live there.


 “F*ck!” After understanding what had happened, young Thieving Heaven cursed as his saliva shot out.


 “I had merely said a few words and you guys exiled me, this is abusing children, you simply disregard lives!”


 “You bastards! I curse you...”


 Young Thieving Heaven raised his middle finger but he did not know where to point.


 He did not even know his directions now, he did not know where the clan was at.


 This discovery made young Thieving Heaven lose all his vigor.


 He sat on the ground: “What do I do now? Even though I became a Gu Master, I have no Gu worms. I have no water or food, by night time, without any warm clothes or tents to shield me from the wind, I will freeze to death!”


 “No, I must live.”


 “I will survive in this accursed world and find a way home!”


 Young Thieving Heaven gritted his teeth, two flames of ambition were burning in his eyes.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan felt his body relaxing, the restraints on him vanished suddenly.


 When he moved his arms and legs, young Thieving Heaven also moved his arms and legs.


 “Oh? I can control it now?”


 “It seems that I need to take the place of young Thieving Heaven and survive in this desert.”


 Fang Yuan immediately realized.


 Struggling to survive in a desperate situation, Fang Yuan had experienced that many times, but he was in a difficult spot now.


 There was simply one reason, he had nothing to work with!


 Young Thieving Heaven had nothing on him, he only had twenty to thirty percent primeval essence without a single mortal Gu. Asking him to survive in the desert was harder than ascending heaven.


 “The clan exiled him like this, they want him to die. No, more accurately, they do not care about a Gu Master like him.”


 Normally speaking, every Gu Master was precious, but Fang Yuan thought about the scene before, he realized the reason.


 “The clan that young Thieving Heaven is in is not strong, they have few resources. Thus, even if they have potential Gu Masters, they need to nurture the talented ones.”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, this discovery was useless for the problem he was facing.


 Looking around, all he saw was sand, there was no greenery anywhere.


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream.


 Fang Yuan used it, but after a while, he saw nothing happening.


 This useful trump card that had helped him countless times was completely restricted in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply: “I can only test my luck.”


 He chose a direction and started moving.


 One and a half days later, Fang Yuan encountered nothing, he died of thirst along the way.


 After that, Fang Yuan’s soul suffered a huge injury.


 He was forced out of the dream.


 The exploration of the dream realm failed, his soul was heavily injured and returned to the sovereign immortal body.


 Fang Yuan felt dizzy and saw darkness, he quickly used guts Gu to heal his injuries.


 “Guts Gu!” Tang Fang Ming saw this and had a look of envy.


 He watched as Fang Yuan used many guts Gu to heal his soul rapidly.


 Guts Gu was the best supporting Gu for exploring dream realms.


 Fang Yuan went into Thieving Heaven’s dream realm again as his soul left his body.


 Arriving in the desert again.


 Fang Yuan sighed, he chose a different direction and moved forward.


 After walking for a day, there was still nothing in his vision, Fang Yuan was tired and thirsty, he felt his body reaching its limit.


 “If Thieving Heaven was in the same situation in history, he had no way of surviving, he needed external help or fortuitous encounters.”


 “This means, one direction will have a fortuitous encounter. But my luck was bad, I did not encounter it.”


 “This round seems to depend on the explorer’s luck. It is a pity my luck path methods cannot be used in the dream, unless I can combine dream path and luck path to create an immortal killer move or Immortal Gu of both paths, that will have effect.”


 Fang Yuan continued to analyze.


 His second exploration failed again.


 After resting, he started his third try.


 This time, he chose a different direction, soon, he encountered a pit.


 This was a quicksand pit, Fang Yuan was stuck and could not escape.


 “Am I going to die again?” Fang Yuan was a little stifled, he could only watch as the sand devoured him.


 But unexpectedly, before the quicksand covered his head, sand started to spew upwards like a geyser, shooting Fang Yuan towards the sky.


 After Fang Yuan landed, the quicksand pit had turned into a hole, it was blowing out cold air.


 It was a cool and comfortable breeze.


 “This might work!” Fang Yuan quickly got close to the pit and saw that there were winged fish flying out of the hole along with the breeze.


 These were not fish, they were mortal cool wind Gu.


 Fang Yuan quickly wanted to subdue these mortal Gu, but the cool wind Gu were very fast, they ignored Fang Yuan.


 The edges of the hole were blowing air and repelling Fang Yuan, pushing him away.


 Fang Yuan had low strength and was very hungry, he could not get close to the hole and interact with these cool wind Gu.


 But Fang Yuan was not dejected, he patiently waited.


 Not long after, his chance appeared, a cool wind Gu was injured when colliding into its companions, it fell to the ground and left the cool air, landing at the fringe of the hole.


 Fang Yuan quickly grabbed this cool wind Gu.


 But in his excitement, he squashed it to death!


 Fang Yuan was speechless, he could only wait.


 Soon, his chance appeared again, two cool wind Gu flew out.


 But before Fang Yuan captured them, they flew up again and went into the cool air tunnel.


 Fang Yuan sighed, but he suddenly had an inspiration: “What if I use unravel dream at this time?”


 He used immortal killer move unravel dream again, at the next moment, he saw an effect, a cool wind Gu flew out.


 Fang Yuan grabbed it and before he refined it, a second cool wind Gu flew down and was quite injured, it tried to move its wings but could not fly.


 Fang Yuan captured it as well and after some effort, he refined both cool wind Gu.


 When the cool air vanished, these wild cool wind Gu flew with it and left Fang Yuan’s vision, but he already had five cool wind Gu in his aperture.


 “I finally have some methods.”


 Even though the issue of survival was not solved, this was a good start.


 And most importantly, this quicksand pit was a sign that Fang Yuan chose the right direction.


 And something that boosted Fang Yuan’s morale was that unravel dream was not useless here, it had some specific uses in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Fang Yuan continued past the quicksand pit and moved forward, not long after, he saw a small oasis.


 There was a well in the oasis, even though there were some wild beasts guarding it, and the leader of the beasts even had a mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was energized, he used the five cool wind Gu to fight this group of beasts.


 Eventually, using the terrain and his schemes, he killed the beast group, and also subdued the wild Gu worm on the leader’s body. This was a poison path Gu worm resembling a scorpion.


 The battle was decided, Fang Yuan quickly came to the well, but to his disappointment, it had dried up.


 But that was not an issue, the beast corpses here were precious provisions.


 Fang Yuan drank the beast blood and ate some meat to fill his stomach. Next, he collected the stomachs of some beasts and collected all of their blood, he also pulled apart some meat and used the beast intestines to tie them onto his body.


 By now, the dream realm was already at night time, the desert temperature was getting low.


 Fang Yuan had a plan, he was not rushed or anxious.


 He held the beast skins and bones that he had and came to the dried well, creating a structure with the bones and placing the skin above them.


 These beast skins still had some fat layers on them, they were quite heat retaining.


 After his arrangements, Fang Yuan entered the empty hole and carefully explored the well.


 He placed his his feet on the sides of the well, preventing his body from falling down, he pulled on the beast skin and completely covered the hole on top.


 Next, he slowly got down to the bottom of the well.


 When he got to the bottom of the well, Fang Yuan wanted to survive a night in here, but he had a new discovery.


 It turned out that there was a small hole at the bottom of the well, and there was quite the thing there!


 Looking at the edge of the hole, it was man-made.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he quickly entered this hole by controlling young Thieving Heaven’s body.


 Following this hole, after fifty to sixty steps, Fang Yuan came to a small underground space that was the size of a room.


 This place was quite simple, but there was a bowl made from soil, and there was a spring, it was tiny, but clear water was accumulated there.


 There was also a dried corpse on the ground.


 “Don’t tell me that this is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true fortuitous encounter in his early days?”


 Fang Yuan was intrigued.



***
Chapter 1493 - Mysterious Sheepskin Map


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inspecting it carefully, Fang Yuan did not find any traps.


 He slowly got closer to the dried corpse, when he was five or six steps away from it, a change occurred.


 Fang Yuan cursed internally because he had lost control of young Thieving Heaven once more, he became a spectator again 1 .


 The young Thieving Heaven muttered: “This person died in the well, was he trapped by the wild beasts and could not escape?” 

 Next, he came to the corpse, he lowered his head in respect before searching the corpse.


 No unexpected mishaps occurred, it was an ordinary corpse, there were no harmful traps.


 While searching it, Young Thieving Heaven found that this corpse was a Gu Master during his life, his rank was not low, he seemed to have a high status.


 He had no Gu worms left, but within the clothes that he wore, there was a sheepskin map.


 Young Thieving Heaven did not gain anything but the sheepskin map.


 In this underground hole, light was quite dim, young Thieving Heaven only saw that the map had lines, but they were not clear.


 He stored the map carefully and searched the area again, but he had no discoveries.


 But young Thieving Heaven was very satisfied.


 Because there was a precious water source here.


 He was quite careful, he first checked the water quality and slowly drank a little of it after finding no problems with it.


 This water source was deep underground, the corpse had spent a lot of effort to create it.


 Young Thieving Heaven drank a mouthful of water, he felt a cold refreshing flow as the taste of blood in his mouth from consuming beast blood faded by a lot.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s gulped, this mouthful of water drew out his inner desire, he lowered his body and buried his face in the spring.


 Gulp, gulp, after drinking several mouthfuls, he raised his head as water splattered everywhere.


 He sat on the ground with a thud, young Thieving Heaven did not speak, his hands were supporting the ground, his eyes were shut, after a while, he sighed deeply.


 After resting for a while, he stretched out his hand, wiping the water from his face as he stood up, returning to the bottom of the well.


 Young Thieving Heaven shuddered, the bottom of the well was much colder than the underground hole.


 But young Thieving Heaven had his reasons to come here.


 He looked up at the well, even though there were several beast skins as cover, the night winds were very strong, one beast skin had been blown away already, a gaping hole was created.


 From the hole, young Thieving Heaven could see those stars shining high up in the night sky.


 He sighed as he took some beast skin and wood, quickly creating a fireplace, next, he tried to start a fire by using friction on the wood, succeeding after several minutes.


 The flame was not large, the smoke flew out of the well while the heat was retained, allowing young Thieving Heaven to stay warm.


 Young Thieving Heaven first cooked some meat, before eating them when they were cooked.


 After eating cooked food and filling his stomach, he felt very drowsy.


 But young Thieving Heaven controlled his sleepiness and used the dim light to observe the sheepskin map that he had gotten.


 “This sheepskin map must have existed for a very long time.”


 “Hmm? Isn’t it pointing out my clan’s oasis?”


 Young Thieving Heaven was shocked.


 The small oasis was the focus of this sheepskin map, there were even several Western Desert words on it.


 The words were tiny and due to the effects of time, most of them were blurry already, only the first few words and some characters were still clear.


 Young Thieving Heaven could barely decipher them, he said uncertainly: “Land of buried immortal... inauspicious... curse...”


 “Strange!” After a long time of observation, he could not excavate more clues, he frowned tightly.


 “I’ve been in this world for over a decade, I’ve heard about stories of immortals from the clan elders. But these are just legends, are there really immortals in this world?”


 “This might not be impossible. Looking at Gu Masters, I can see the peculiarity and mystery behind this world, anything is possible.”


 “Land of buried immortal... don’t tell me that the place where I live has an immortal buried there?”


 “But why curse? And inauspicious?”


 “This sheepskin map is really strange. This world has information path Gu worms to store maps and information. That corpse must have been a strong Gu Master back then, why did he use the sheepskin map instead of Gu worms?”


 “This sheepskin map was sewn into the inner layer of his clothes, if his clothes were not torn, I would not have found it.”


 “He hid it so carefully, it must be very important, but this is too risky, it is far safer to store it inside an information path Gu worm.”


 Young Thieving Heaven muttered, his eyes flickering with deep thoughts.


 Fang Yuan was watching by the side, he had thought of young Thieving Heaven’s questions long ago, they were all suspicious, especially the sheepskin map.


 “Forget about this now, this sheepskin map also points out the location of the well. If I follow it, I will be able to return to the clan.”


 Even though young Thieving Heaven had no sense of belonging to the clan, he knew that it was impossible to live alone in the desert.


 Not only was it dangerous, nobody could tell where threats could come from, and in terms of food, young Thieving Heaven had a very limited amount of meat now.


 This small oasis was too weak.


 His eyes felt very heavy, young Thieving Heaven’s vision soon blurred as he fell into deep sleep.


 He was simply too tired, not just physically, but also the mental exhaustion of all that had happened.


 Once he slept, Fang Yuan’s vision went black.


 In the darkness, Fang Yuan felt that the corrosion of the dream realm became several times stronger, his soul was rapidly expended.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had experienced this before, he endured it until the darkness faded.


 The time in the dream realm was hard to estimate, when the darkness faded, his soul foundation had been shaved by half!


 When his vision cleared, Fang Yuan was shocked to find out that young Thieving Heaven was tied up at the bottom of the well.


 And in front of him was an elderly Gu Master with a grim expression.


 This elderly Gu Master had a wrinkled face, his hair was fully white, he was very old, right now, his crooked hands were holding onto a sheepskin map.


 He used his hands to caress this sheepskin map as he showed heated and greedy emotions in his eyes.


 His expressions made young Thieving Heaven shudder, he might have met a lunatic.


 “Who are you? Why did you tie me up?” Young Thieving Heaven asked.


 He felt very aggrieved, he woke up tied and was now a captive.


 “You should be glad that I, Sha Xiao, have not killed you yet.” The old man spoke with a hoarse voice.


 He carefully placed the sheepskin map into his pocket as he looked at young Thieving Heaven: “Lad, you are a member of this clan?”


 Young Thieving Heaven did not answer.


 Because he understood that the elderly Gu Master understood the secret and value of this sheepskin map, he did not kill him but tied him up instead because he wanted to make use of him.


 The elderly Gu Master saw that young Thieving Heaven was staying silent, his expression became darker as he floated towards young Thieving Heaven like a phantom.


 “Lad, don’t think that I do not know what you are thinking if you stay silent. Heh, you have probably never heard of my name, I will teach you a lesson first.”


 The elderly Gu Master laughed sinisterly as he kicked with his leg.


 His leg landed on young Thieving Heaven’s chest as the intense pain almost made him fall unconscious.


 Young Thieving Heaven was sent flying like a rock, he crashed onto the wall of the well and fell to the ground.


 But the pain had just begun, young Thieving Heaven started to scream.


 Because the elderly Gu Master’s kick was not so simple, young Thieving Heaven felt his entire body going numb, at the same time, his muscles and organs felt like they were pricked by countless icy needles.


 The intense pain made young Thieving Heaven suffer immensely, soon, he was covered in snot and tears as he curled up like a cooked prawn.


 “Lad, do you know how powerful I am now?” The elderly Gu Master smiled sinisterly.


 He was very happy.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s screams and cries made him feel a deep sense of satisfaction.



***
Chapter 1494 - Old Grandpa


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The louder young Thieving Heaven screamed, the brighter the elderly Gu Master’s smile.


 But soon, young Thieving Heaven realized this and gritted his teeth, not uttering a sound.


 “Eh? Brat, you still want to resist?” The elderly Gu Master was furious and stomped young Thieving Heaven’s chest.


 Crack!


 Young Thieving Heaven’s ribs immediately fractured into pieces which then pierced into his heart and lungs, immediately causing him to be on the verge of death.


 But he still did not utter a sound, he had almost crushed his teeth with his intense grinding, and his eyes were opened wide with anger, but he did not scream.


 “Hehehe!” The elderly Gu Master started laughing from anger, and directly used Gu Master methods against young Thieving Heaven.


 This time, it was not as simple as a sharp pain, young Thieving Heaven felt a kind of numbing pain with all kinds of sensation attacking him in turns.


 “Ahh—!” He could endure it no longer, he let out a piercing scream and started struggling fiercely, he rolled on the floor while crazily scratching his skin.


 The elderly Gu Master laughed heartily: “Suffered enough? Actually daring to defy the great Sha Xiao, hmph, even if you have strong pride, you will still have to kneel before me. Beg for mercy, as long as you call me grandpa Sha, grandpa will forgive you, grandson, ahahaha!”


 But young Thieving Heaven’s heart was filled with nothing but fury.


 Sha Xiao’s words triggered his pride, he inwardly vowed that even if he died from the itch, died from pain, died by rotting, or died from numbness, he would not beg for mercy!


 Sha Xiao waited for a while, young Thieving Heaven was still rolling on the ground, tearing his clothes and skin, crying out in deep pain, but he did not beg for mercy.


 Until young Thieving Heaven could not endure anymore, a fierce light flashed past his eyes as he smashed head-first into the wall of the well.


 “He actually wants to die?!” Sha Xiao was surprised, quickly moving to stop this.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s strength was useless, he could only let Sha Xiao manipulate him.


 Sha Xiao not only saved him, but also healed him, soon, his heavy injuries had turned into light injuries.


 “Kid, you have quite the backbone, even I am feeling some admiration.” Sha Xiao changed his tone, green light flickering in his eyes.


 He looked at the powerless young Thieving Heaven lying on the ground, and said with a soft and slow voice: “But if you die, what will your family do? I won’t feel distressed about it, but what about your parents? What about your siblings? Hehe, do you have a girl you love, does she know your feelings? If you die, what about her?”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s expression began to change.


 He had lived for over ten years in this world, yet he had a wanderer’s mentality without any restraints. However in his original world, he had a family, healthy parents, and a beloved fiancée.


 “I cannot die.”


 “I need to live on!”


 “I need to find a way to leave this world and return home. There are people waiting for me there!”


 Sha Xiao was an old schemer, the corners of his lips curling up slightly as he saw the change in young Thieving Heaven’s expression.


 Young Thieving Heaven fearlessly gazed at Sha Xiao: “You have not killed me because you want to make use of me. Speak, what do you want me to do?”


 Sha Xiao laughed heartily, giving a thumbs-up to young Thieving Heaven: “Kid, you have guts, you actually dare to speak to me like that.”


 The moment he finished speaking, Sha Xiao’s expression changed, his laughter was gone without a trace, replacing it was twisted fury.


 He ruthlessly kicked young Thieving Heaven’s face, and sent him flying.


 He then pointed with his finger, a strange light shot out and struck young Thieving Heaven’s body.


 Chii Chiii Chiii...


 A series of soft sounds echoed within this old well.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s expression rapidly changed as he felt intense pain all over his body, he tried to stand up but due to a lack of energy, he could only sit on the ground.


 His face was bloody, his nose bridge had been smashed by Sha Xiao’s kick.


 Young Thieving Heaven started blacking out and almost fainted from the pain.


 With his remaining consciousness, he squinted at his hand but immediately received a huge shock.


 He saw his hand was festering and corroding like it had touched powerful acid.


 Not just the hands, his face, his arms, his neck, his whole body was starting to rot.


 Soon, young Thieving Heaven’s eyes also started to corrode, losing his sight.


 Sha Xiao’s sinister voice floated to his ears: “You think I need you? Hehehe, it is your fortune to be used by me! You dare show me such an attitude, so what if you die? At worst, I will just find another puppet. Hahaha!”


 “Now, this is your final chance! I shall give you one final opportunity, if you don’t want to die, kowtow to me and call me grandpa, obediently follow my orders.”


 “Take your time. You have been struck by my killer move anyway, your whole body will continue to rot, in a dozen or so breaths, your whole body will rot completely and only your skeleton will remain. Hehe, I will give you a few kicks then and see how hard your backbone really is.”


 Young Thieving Heaven was silent.


 Sha Xiao did not speak anymore after this, only looking at young Thieving Heaven with his sinister gaze.


 Young Thieving Heaven was slumped on the ground, motionless like a statue.


 The muscles on his whole body were beginning to rot, the stench of it had already filled the well.


 The terrifying injuries, intense pain, and more importantly the entanglements in his heart, caused his face to distort.


 “I, the great Ben Jie Sun, a noble army general, how could I beg for mercy?”


 “But... if I die here, do I let my loved ones in the other world wait in vain?”


 “Sigh!!!”


 Young Thieving Heaven let out a heavy sigh inwardly.


 He slowly adjusted his posture and knelt down, then he lowered his head till his forehead touched the ground.


 He spoke with a weak and rough voice: “You win.”


 “Hahaha.” Sha Xiao laughed wildly, his eyes opened wide as he stared at young Thieving Heaven: “Then what should you call me?”


 “Gran... grandpa.” Young Thieving Heaven gritted his teeth, his whole body shook and hot tears rolled down from his corroded eyes.


 “Hehehe, my good grandson!” Sha Xiao was satisfied, his voice turned sharp like a crow’s cry high above the graveyard.


 Young Thieving Heaven reached his limits and completely fell unconscious.


 Darkness descended upon Fang Yuan once again.


 And the dream realm fiercely corroded his soul.


 Fang Yuan passed this period with difficulty, his ten million man soul had already fallen to million man soul.


 Exploring this dream realm of Thieving Heaven had an extremely high demand on soul foundation! Were it not for Fang Yuan cultivating his soul painstakingly before, he would not have the qualifications to explore this dream realm.


 With the passing of time, the darkness disappeared, Fang Yuan could see once again.


 The blazing sun was high in the sky, young Thieving Heaven was moving across the desert while dragging his extremely weak body.


 Those terrifying injuries on him were all gone without a trace. But there were several new injuries which looked like lacerations inflicted by fangs and claws of wild beasts.


 “Kid, listen properly, when you return to the clan, probe the situation for your grandpa.”


 “Wait, grandpa will bring a few desert wolves to you, hehe, if you are going to put on a show, you should go all the way. Grandpa will not help you, if you can’t escape the wolves, you can only blame yourself.”


 “Oh, remember not to speak carelessly. Grandpa’s killer move is in your body, you have already tasted the feeling of a rotting body. As long as I will it, your internal organs and your brain will immediately rot, hehehe, be obedient, grandpa won’t mistreat you, my good grandson!”


 Sha Xiao’s figure was nowhere to be seen, but young Thieving Heaven’s ears were resonating with his voice.


 The moment his words finished, several desert wolves rushed out from a sand dune.


 These desert wolves had short and thin fur, they were pale brown and not that big but were extremely ferocious. They howled to signal the attack as they rushed towards young Thieving Heaven.


 Young Thieving Heaven did not budge as he looked at the distance between him and the desert wolves shrinking rapidly.


 Fang Yuan was baffled before suddenly reacting, he cursed inwardly while quickly attempting to control young Thieving Heaven.


 Just like he expected, he had once again gained control of this body.


 Fang Yuan quickly ran while looking into his aperture to see if there were any Gu worms that he could use to fight.


 A sandpit Gu, a chimney smoke Gu, and a clear water Gu.


 There was only over ten percent of green copper primeval essence left.


 Those cool wind Gu and other Gu he had gathered after painstaking efforts were all gone.


 “Looks like Sha Xiao did not want to expose that small oasis and the well, so he destroyed all the relevant clues on Thieving Heaven.”


 “Damn it, clear water Gu is of no use here. Only sandpit Gu and chimney smoke Gu can be relied upon.”


 Just as Fang Yuan thought of this, he suddenly felt wind at the back of his head.


 Without even thinking, he leaped to the left.


 At the next moment, a desert wolf had pounced on Fang Yuan’s previous location, it fell unstably to the ground, rolling some distance away.


 Fang Yuan almost fell to the ground, if he fell down, those rushing desert wolves would definitely pounce at him and give him no chance to get up.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan propped his arms up on the sand and exerted strength on them to forcibly push his weak body forward, he barely maintained his balance and continued to run.


 Not even a few steps later, another desert wolf had caught up to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan quickly activated sandpit Gu, this rank one Gu expended five percent of his green copper primeval essence, instantly forming a pit in the desert.


 The second desert wolf had just been about to exert strength on its legs to pounce at Fang Yuan’s back, but a sandpit appeared out of nowhere as it stepped into it.


 Because it had exerted too much strength, this desert wolf lost its balance and fell face flat on the ground.


 But the third desert wolf quickly rushed over and had already leaped to the air. This desert wolf was extremely cunning, it had wild Gu on it which caused its movement to be without any sound.


 Fang Yuan simply didn’t have time to look back, but he saw the shadow on the desert’s surface ahead.


 The third desert wolf’s shadow was pouncing at his shadow’s head.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, there was no use in activating Gu worms at this moment and he also had no time to dodge.


 However, his rich battle experience helped him make the most sensible choice at this moment.


 Evading the worst!


 Although he could not dodge properly, he had to evade the worst.


 Fang Yuan intentionally inched his right shoulder to the wolf.


 Puff!


 The third desert wolf pounced at Fang Yuan, its sharp claws piercing through Fang Yuan’s right shoulder and cutting out few pieces of flesh.


 But Fang Yuan did not stop at all, he continued to run madly.


 By this time, the first and second desert wolves had already regained their footing and caught up.


 At this critical juncture, Fang Yuan put all his primeval essence in chimney smoke Gu.


 This Gu worm was originally used to smoke food, but right now, it was being used by Fang Yuan to cope with this emergency and it furthermore produced a brilliant effect.


 The dense smoke obstructed the three desert wolves’ eyes and noses as Fang Yuan took this chance to pull apart some distance from the wolves.


 But this was only a dying struggle.


 The three desert wolves soon broke through the smoke and caught up to Fang Yuan.


 “Am I going to fail?”


 “This difficulty is too high!”


 Fang Yuan was already at his wit’s end, but right at this time, an electric chain brushed past Fang Yuan’s cheek and struck the three desert wolves, instantly roasting them.


 “The clansmen!” Fang Yuan was joyous as he recognized who had arrived.


 But young Thieving Heaven was already at his physical limits, fainting once again.


 The expected darkness did not appear, Fang Yuan surprisingly discovered his soul was floating in the air, out of the dream realm.


 More accurately, this scene of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm that had shrouded his soul had already disappeared.


 “So it’s like this, I successfully explored the first stage of the dream realm!” Fang Yuan was stumped before quickly realizing.


 “Amazing, my theft path attainment has directly soared to grandmaster level!!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 Although his soul foundation had greatly reduced, the harvest was similarly huge.


 Indeed worthy of being Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, just passing the first stage raised Fang Yuan’s theft path to grandmaster level!


 How terrifying would it be if he continued the exploration?



***
Chapter 1495 - Resting


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the immortal Gu formation, Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged with closed eyes, cultivating quietly.


 Hei Lou Lan and the rest along with Tang Fang Ming were in control of this immortal formation.


 Fang Yuan was calculating his gains and losses.


 “The gains from exploring Thieving Heaven’s dream realm were huge. Not only did I test heaven’s will dissipation and obtained a satisfactory result, my theft path attainment has soared to grandmaster level!”


 “But, I had to pay a huge price for this. My ten million man soul has now fallen to million man soul, the loss is great.”


 “I had thought I would use unravel dream frequently, but who could have expected unravel dream to not provide me much help in this dream realm.”


 From this dream realm exploration, Fang Yuan realized one point.


 He might have unravel dream, but this method was not all-powerful.


 “Unravel dream was used very few times, so my immortal essence expenditure is little, but my guts Gu expenditure has instead increased enormously!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes and took out guts Gu, using them on the spot.


 “So many guts Gu!” Tang Fang Ming’s eyes opened wide, revealing clear envy and desire.


 He had also explored the dream realm many times, knowing the outstanding advantage of guts Gu. He was barely able to purchase some guts Gu as supply was lower than demand, but now he was looking at Fang Yuan using guts Gu as casually as eating candy.


 “Oh, he is the sole guts Gu seller after all.” Tang Fang Ming lamented inwardly.


 At the same time, his gaze landed on Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was enormous like a mountain and was still letting out eerie blue radiance, but right now, a large piece of the base of this mountain had disappeared.


 This was the result of Fang Yuan successfully passing through the first stage.


 Tang Fang Ming heaved a sigh.


 He had already explored and researched this dream realm of Thieving Heaven for hundreds of times, maybe even a thousand times, but his accumulated achievements were not even a fraction of Fang Yuan’s one exploration.


 Tang Fang Ming was recognized in Tang clan as a pioneer of exploring dream realms, he had a lot of accomplishments, creating many dream realm mortal Gu. But compared to Fang Yuan’s achievements, he paled in comparison.


 Tang Fang Ming felt ashamed, but beyond that, he felt even more admiration towards Fang Yuan.


 After a moment of stillness, Fang Yuan suddenly opened his eyes!


 A sharp light flashed past his dark eyes.


 By using guts Gu without regarding the expenditure, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation once again rose to ten million man soul.


 He previously had nine million man soul, but with the corrosion from this dream realm, his soul quality had risen once again and gave a slight feeling of being even more condensed.


 “Looks like the dream realm’s corrosion of the soul has some supplementary effect in soul cultivation. But if it is examined carefully, the effect is not high, and is far inferior to Luo Po Valley.”


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were the two sacred lands of soul cultivation proclaimed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they were not resources that ordinary things could replace.


 But it did not matter, Fang Yuan had brought Luo Po Valley with him in this trip to Western Desert!


 Before he made this trip from Eastern Sea to Western Desert, he had considered everything properly. With his astute nature, how could he not make ample preparations?


 “As for Dang Hun Mountain, there is treasure yellow heaven to transport guts Gu, it is the same whether I bring it or not.”


 Actually, it was not that Fang Yuan did not want to bring it.


 But it had a huge demand on heaven and earth qi in the immortal aperture.


 Currently, his sovereign immortal aperture had Reverse Flow River, Luo Po Valley, and City Well, every three days, he had to devour large amounts of external heaven and earth qi to replenish his expenditure.


 If they were not replenished in time, the sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation would weaken, causing a reduction in resource production, including time and space aspects. In severe cases, it might even cause sovereign immortal aperture to crumble.


 “The difficulty in exploring Thieving Heaven’s dream realm is too high, the first stage is already so troubling, the second stage will definitely be even more difficult.” With this comprehension, Fang Yuan decided to first increase his soul foundation by another level before he continued exploring the dream realm.


 As such, over the next period of time, he quietly concentrated on cultivating soul path.


 Because of the continuous supply of guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation rose rapidly.


 Just as Fang Yuan was cultivating soul path in preparation for exploring the second stage, in Eastern Sea, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was meeting Qing Yue clan’s first supreme elder to request for help.


 “Zhi Cheng, looks like you are really determined to take the risk for Qin Bai He.” The old first supreme elder looked at this descendant who he was rather fond of and said with a sigh.


 “Yes, I have made up my mind, I hope first supreme elder can help me!” Qing Yue Zhi Cheng said firmly.


 But first supreme elder slowly shook his head: “It is not yet the time for me to be involved in this matter. Moreover, the truth is not out yet, even if I make a move, I won’t be able to give you much help.”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng felt strange, how could first supreme elder, a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, be unable to give much help in this matter?


 But first supreme elder told him of something which immediately made him understand.


 “Junior thanks first supreme elder for the guidance, I shall now go ask for help.” Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was joyous.


 “Go, go.” First supreme elder chuckled, waving his hand.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng immediately flew out of the clan’s headquarter and moved towards Nan Gong clan’s territory.


 Qing Yue clan’s first supreme elder had told him that whether Qin Bai He and You Chan were alive or not was unclear at this moment, what situation they encountered was also unclear, so what he should do was to find a wisdom path Gu Immortal to help investigate the truth. Only by knowing what happened to these two female immortals could they find the culprit and take revenge.


 And the wisdom path Gu Immortal who was most suitable for this was none other than one of the three current wisdom path experts, the one hiding in Nan Gong, wisdom path Gu Immortal Hua An. This person had a close relationship with You Chan, if You Chan was in trouble, he would definitely help.


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng felt first supreme elder’s analysis was correct, he immediately moved to request help from Hua An.


 But midway, he came across a rank six Gu Immortal of Nan Gong clan.


 This Gu Immortal brought a message from Hua An: “Young master Zhi Cheng, Lord Hua An already deduced that you would look for him, so he sent me to welcome you. He is waiting just ahead.”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng was overjoyed while also sighing in admiration of Hua An’s ability.


 After a while, the two met.


 Hua An spoke: “I will be honest with you, Fairy You Chan came to request my help not long ago, but unfortunately I was unable to be of help.”


 Hua An and Qing Yue Zhi Cheng exchanged information, and naturally, their first suspect was Fang Yuan.


 Because with You Chan’s death, Fang Yuan, who was in the dragonfish business, would benefit the most.


 Unfortunately, they did not have Heavenly Court’s guidance, and only knew that mysterious Gu Immortal who was selling dragonfish in treasure yellow heaven was the most suspicious and had motive as well, but they did not know this person was Fang Yuan.


 “I have been continuously deducing the past few days, I am afraid You Chan and Qin Bai He’s situation is less than optimistic.” Hua An said with a heavy expression: “This time, I am going to request help from the other two wisdom path experts, we will combine our strength and attempt to deduce the culprit.”


 Qing Yue Zhi Cheng however shook his head at Hua An’s words.


 “No, I believe the two fairies are still alive, they are not dead! Lord Hua An, please think carefully, the two fairies are rank seven experts, who could easily kill them?”


 Hua An understood Qing Yue Zhi Cheng’s feelings and mood, nodding consolingly: “Your words are also reasonable.”


 He then changed the topic and said: “I have a plan, we might as well spread news about the deaths of the two fairies. If they are still alive, they will definitely know we are looking for them and want to help them. If they are being hunted by the culprit, once these rumors spread, the culprit will be confused and will turn his attention towards us.”


 “Great plan!” Qing Yue Zhi Cheng clapped his hands and praised.


 Time passed, soon, half a month went by.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had increased to ninety million man soul, only a slight distance away from hundred million man soul.


 In this period of time, he did not practise any immortal killer moves, instead spending his energy and time mainly in soul path cultivation. With this, his progress was naturally much higher than before.


 Although guts Gu were being constantly expended, causing him to lose huge profits and also wasting his capital, Fang Yuan’s financial situation was instead slowly turning better.


 The reason for this was the dragonfish business.


 Fang Yuan killed You Chan and Qin Bai He, even if Heavenly Court wanted to stop his progress, they were powerless to do so for some time.


 In treasure yellow heaven’s market, Fang Yuan was now the number one overlord in terms of dragonfish business, no one could rival him.


 Thus, his dragonfish business was becoming increasingly bustling, especially the silver dragonfish which spurred crazed sales, the individual price was increasing at an alarming rate.


 “The noteworthy thing is that news of You Chan’s and Qin Bai He’s deaths has already spread in Eastern Sea, looks like someone is plotting from the shadows.”


 “Forget about it, the important thing now is Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.”


 With ninety million man soul, Fang Yuan was very confident. After resting for one more day, he entered the dream realm again to explore the second stage of Thieving Heaven’s confusing dream realm.



***
Chapter 1496 - Blurred Grey Eyes


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After he was done resting and making sufficient preparation, Fang Yuan entered Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 There was the clamoring of people around the pool where a market gathering was being held.


 Western Desert actually had a lot of resources, more than Northern Plains. There were large amounts of resources hidden in the desert, including Gu worms and wild beasts. They only had scarce amounts of plants which was their biggest shortcoming.


 So this market mainly sold food products like milk and wine; Gu materials like beast skins, bones; and only three stalls were selling Gu worms.


 Young Thieving Heaven was roaming around in the crowd, he observed the transactions in the surrounding while moving closer to the pool at the center of the clan.


 “Stop! Unauthorized people are not allowed entry here.”


 “Kid, get lost.”


 When young Thieving Heaven got near to the pool, two guards guarding the area immediately responded and stopped him.


 Young Thieving Heaven could do nothing other than to pretend to have received a shock and leave.


 He sighed inwardly: “That pool is the only water source in the oasis, it is strictly guarded and even though they opened a market gathering, the guards are quite alert, I simply cannot get in.”


 At the same time, Sha Xiao’s sinister voice resounded in his mind: “Hmph, think of whatever ways you can to get in. Don’t forget, there is only a month or so left from our agreed time limit. If by then, you have not made any progress, that will be the time of your death.”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s pupils shrunk as he replied inwardly: “Aren’t you powerful? Why don’t you directly charge in or sneak in? Why let a weak guy like me gather information?”


 “Hmph, you want to goad me? How could I fall for your plan? Moreover, you don’t understand anything, heh, I also don’t have the patience to explain to you. Grandson! Quick, do as grandpa says, talk less and do more work, then you can live a bit longer.”


 Young Thieving Heaven could only let himself be manipulated, the enemy was strong while he was weak, he did not speak anymore, except that sharp light flickered in his eyes.


 Previously in the well, to survive and for the hope of returning to his home, he was forced to give in to Sha Xiao. But inwardly, he had never accepted this fate.


 “I know when to yield and when not to, there will be a day when I will find a chance to not only escape the shackles of this old demon Sha Xiao, but also reciprocate all my sufferings.”


 “But right now, I need to endure, I need to put on a show and wait for my chance.”


 Over the next few days, young Thieving Heaven thought of every way possible and exhausted all his strength to gather intel and try to get near the oasis’ pool.


 But all his attempts failed.


 The pool was the most important area in the clan, it was guarded extremely tightly.


 Young Thieving Heaven had only just advanced to rank one, his means were truly lacking.


 Just as he was unable to find a way, news spread among his peers.


 “What, half a month later, the clan is holding a small scale competition, and the winner can choose a Gu worm from the pool as a reward?” Young Thieving Heaven also heard of this news.


 He immediately realized his opportunity was here.


 Moreover, this was probably the best opportunity for him to complete Sha Xiao’s task!


 “I need to participate in this small competition and also obtain victory!” Young Thieving Heaven said to Sha Xiao in his mind.


 Sha Xiao snickered: “Silly kid, don’t think I don’t know what plot you are scheming inside. You want to use this to raise your strength to overturn my control?”


 Young Thieving Heaven sneered, admitting frankly: “So what? Who doesn’t thirst for freedom?”


 “Good!” Sha Xiao was unfazed, instead praising: “You are quite straightforward, haha, if you call me grandpa, I can help you seize this victory.”


 “You!” Young Thieving Heaven stiffened, his eyes revealing anger.


 “What, you don’t want to? Think properly, without my help, with your strength and aptitude, how can you win this competition?” Sha Xiao sneered.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s expression darkened.


 “I was born as a noble, my life was filled with glory, but I have to bend my back and beg for mercy! This is a humiliation to my ancestry, I am ruining the reputation of my Sun clan.”


 “But...”


 “If I don’t do this, I truly won’t have any hope.”


 “I am too weak, returning home is an uncertainty. If I can’t even get through this juncture, there is no need to talk about the future.”


 “Damn it!”


 Young Thieving Heaven clenched his fists, falling into extreme hesitation.


 Although he had called Sha Xiao ‘grandpa’ before, that was during the moment of life and death. Right now, he and Sha Xiao were separated, and there was also not much external pressure which made young Thieving Heaven waver, the choice became extremely heavy and painful.


 “Grandpa...” Finally, he chose to yield, squeezing out this word through clenched teeth.


 “Hahaha.” Sha Xiao’s crazed laughter filled young Thieving Heaven’s mind: “My good grandson, since you called me grandpa, grandpa won’t let you fail. Grandpa is giving you this method to succeed, accept it and turn it to your strength, you shall definitely win this competition.”


 Right as Sha Xiao finished speaking, a huge amount of information charged into young Thieving Heaven’s brain.


 Young Thieving Heaven immediately gave a low gasp, his expression distorted and he subconsciously held his head. The huge amount of information continued to strike his brain, he felt so much pain that his head felt like it would burst.


 The information attack only lasted for a short nine breaths of time, but young Thieving Heaven felt like a year had passed.


 He endured it with difficulty, his whole body was covered in sweat, his face was deathly pale like paper, and he was shaking, looking extremely miserable.


 Sha Xiao’s method was violent, but the transferred information were all authentic and of great value.


 Most of the contents were about fighting techniques, they were exquisite and concise. A portion was about Gu recipes and usage method of Gu worms, and there was even a killer move.


 Mortal killer move — Blurred Grey Eyes.


 This move was formed by using sandpit Gu, chimney smoke Gu, and clear water Gu. There were eight steps to it, and once it was activated successfully, it could puff out white smoke.


 When this smoke landed in someone’s eyes, it would cover their eyes in white ash, making them lose their sight.


 The person who was struck absolutely should not use water to clean their eyes, if water was used, the white ash would produce high heat that would burn the target’s eyes and make them go blind.


 “This move is so insidious, it is not my style.” Young Thieving Heaven’s heart sank, he did not look happy. 

 Before his transmigration, he had been born in a noble family, receiving good education since childhood. He was upright and honest, he abhorred evil.


 Because of this, when he transmigrated and became a poor orphan, he still abided by rules and maintained his morals, even when he had an adult’s wisdom and things were unsatisfactory.


 “Blurred grey eyes needs three Gu worms, and they just happen to be all the Gu I have.”


 “Looks like Sha Xiao had already planned to increase my strength. Hmph!”


 Young Thieving Heaven did not want to practice blurred grey eyes, he put his whole concentration in the fighting techniques.


 He had been a warrior in his previous life as well, although he did not specialize in close-combat, he had some foundation. His true battle attainment was deep enough.


 Thus, he was able to smoothly progress with these fighting techniques.


 After a few days of practicing, young Thieving Heaven felt his battle strength had soared!


 “This world’s fighting techniques are not simple, but a complete set of moves involving Gu worms.”


 “Different kind of moves for different kind of Gu worms.”


 “I had no one to instruct me before, so I was too weak to do anything. Now that I have obtained this skill and have practiced it diligently, I have a sixty percent chance of winning the clan’s competition.”


 “Even if I don’t use blurred grey eyes, I can take care of most competitors.”


 Young Thieving Heaven had an aversion to this unscrupulous move and did not want to use it.


 He was confident in himself, and soon welcomed the clan’s small competition.


 When he first stepped on the stage, the audience did not think highly of him.


 There were even some who ridiculed him.


 And his opponent had an expression of arrogance as he pointed towards young Thieving Heaven’s nose: “So it is you, trash, surrender now and I won’t break your leg.”


 Young Thieving Heaven was dazed, standing on the spot without moving.


 The audience started laughing loudly.


 “He is afraid, he can’t even move.”


 “Look at him, how did he pass the clan’s exile test?”


 “Probably luck. I heard that at the crucial moment, he was rescued from the wolves’ mouths by the clan’s Gu Master.”


 Under this atmosphere, young Thieving Heaven’s opponent seemed to be even more disdainful.


 But at the next moment, young Thieving Heaven clenched his fists, feeling the strength in his fingers.


 “I finally have control again.” Fang Yuan was inwardly happy.


 It turned out that young Thieving Heaven’s dazed expression was because Fang Yuan had just gained control and had not reacted.


 Now that he came to his senses, he immediately attacked.


 Mortal killer move — Blurred Grey Eyes!


 Whoosh, a large clump of white ash was puffed out at his opponent’s face.


 The opponent could not defend in time, quickly retreating three steps before crying out: “Ahhh! I can’t see anything, what is this thing!”


 “Get lost!” Fang Yuan took a few large strides before giving a fierce kick to his opponent’s face.


 His opponent was directly kicked out of the stage.


 Victory!



***
Chapter 1497 - Deep Pain Despite Victory


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Despicable, too despicable, he is actually sneak attacking!”


 “This guy is too nasty, he is truly hateful.”


 “According to both sides’ strength, he was clearly slightly weaker.”


 The surrounding people started denouncing young Thieving Heaven.


 “You, you, you!” That opponent climbed up from the ground, and stuttered due to anger while pointing towards the air: “You’re shameless! If... if you have guts... then... let’s compete again!”


 However, his sight was blurry because of the killer move, and he did not know where Fang Yuan was at all, so his finger was pointing at a completely wrong direction, making for a hilarious situation.


 Fang Yuan sneered: “Winner takes all, what is there to compete about. Eh...”


 Fang Yuan could not speak anymore, because he once again turned into an observer, losing control over this body.


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm continued once more.


 Young Thieving Heaven gazed at the surrounding crowd and at the raving opponent below the stage, his face was pale and his whole body was shaking!


 He slowly raised his hands in shock.


 “Why? Why did I directly use that killer move blurred grey eyes?”


 “I clearly have strength to compete with him fairly, then throw him off the stage. But why, why did I choose to sneak attack?!”


 Young Thieving Heaven abhorred actions like sneak attacking, he felt this was a shameful thing.


 Why did he sneak attack?


 He liked fighting openly, and would not resort to such insidious schemes.


 He did not like, or more accurately, he disdained this kind of action.


 But then why did he do so!


 Sha Xiao’s mad laughter resounded in his mind: “Hahaha! Too funny, too entertaining, my good grandson, you indeed resemble your grandpa me. You clearly had not trained blurred grey eyes killer move, but you were still able to use it so smoothly, the sneak attack timing was also quite good, clinching victory at once. Good, very good!”


 Sha Xiao repeatedly praised.


 Young Thieving Heaven was stunned.


 That’s right, he had not practised this killer move, so why did he use it? And why was his usage so skillful?!


 “This is ridiculous!” Young Thieving Heaven roared inwardly.


 “Hahaha, my good grandson, let grandpa tell you the reason. You were originally such a person, your nature is like this, don’t restrain yourself, let out your true nature.” Sha Xiao laughed loudly, adding insult to the injury.


 Young Thieving Heaven was deeply shocked, but soon his eyes flashed brightly: “No, this is not my doing. It is you right? You controlled my body!”


 “Hehe, although I can do that, I did not do it. This was your own choice, you should be clear of it.”


 “No, it was definitely you, how could I do such a thing!” Young Thieving Heaven clung to his own view.


 “Bullshit!” Sha Xiao scolded loudly.


 But young Thieving Heaven’s expression looked quite firm on the surface, as he walked off the stage while quarreling inwardly.


 However, in the audience’s view, his behavior looked quite arrogant and seemed like he did not regard their criticisms, thus they started scolding even louder.


 It was the observer Fang Yuan’s turn to feel shaken.


 He had been the one in control during the fight, but the outcome had directly influenced the following event of the dream realm.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s shock and the change in the audience’s attitude would no doubt influence the way the dream realm would play out and progress.


 This was a situation Fang Yuan had never encountered before while exploring dream realms.


 In his past explorations, although his participation rate was higher than in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, the dream realm as a whole did not change.


 The dream realm’s outcome was set, and the passing standard was also fixed.


 “But this dream realm of Thieving Heaven gives me a feeling of living through it! This is not ordinary!”


 According to its categorization, this kind of dream realm was a realistic dream realm, it restored Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s life experiences. But following Fang Yuan’s continuous participation, this dream realm might deviate and change. As these deviations accumulated, would the final outcome of the dream realm be different from the original?


 Fang Yuan realized this and could not help but become more wary and cautious.


 Soon, it was his turn to battle again.


 “You don’t look like a vile person. But in the previous round, why did you use despicable methods to plot against my younger cousin?” This time, young Thieving Heaven’s opponent was a girl who looked to be full of heroic spirit.


 Young Thieving Heaven frowned, he did not want to explain but still said: “There is a misunderstanding.”


 “Heh, misunderstanding?”


 “Hmph, you clearly sneak attacked, you actually don’t admit it?”


 “So many people witnessed it, this guy actually wants to deny it!”


 The crowd, outside of the stage, shouted in fury.


 The young girl frowned: “I don’t care whether it was a misunderstanding or not, I am going to avenge my cousin. So not only am I going to defeat you, I am going to make sure you suffer enough! Come!”


 The young girl charged forward.


 “Wait a moment.” Young Thieving Heaven suddenly held out his hands: “I still have something to say, hear me out before you make a move.”


 “What is it, speak up, I will make you admit your defeat completely.” The young girl snorted, stopping her footsteps.


 But at this moment, young Thieving Heaven’s eyes suddenly shone sinisterly as he raised his hand.


 Mortal killer move — Blurred Grey Eyes!


 The young girl had been on guard, but this white ash actually passed through her defensive methods and directly covered her eyes.


 “Damn it, again!”


 “This kid is playing dirty again!!”


 “Careful, he is coming, quickly defend yourself!!”


 The crowd started shouting with all their strength.


 But by now, young Thieving Heaven had already neared the young girl and raised his right leg, about to kick this girl out.


 The young girl actually had good battle experiences, although she could not see, her ears were moving as she listened to the wind to determine his position!


 “I cannot see, if this match is dragged on, it will be unfavorable to me. I must finish this quickly.” At this instant, the young girl made a wise choice.


 She gave a soft cry and instead of retreating, she directly punched at young Thieving Heaven.


 Whoosh.


 The wind blew from the impact of her fist, moving young Thieving Heaven’s hair.


 This attack was fierce, it clearly used a Gu worm and was not something that could be produced by just a mortal body.


 If young Thieving Heaven had really kicked at the previous moment, he would not have been able to restrain his momentum right now, he would have been heavily injured by these two punches.


 But at this moment, young Thieving Heaven was not himself, but was controlled by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were sinister, he looked like he was about to kick the girl, but it was in fact just a feint.


 On one hand, he was probing the young girl, after all even if sight was blurred, there were other investigative methods, the Gu world was not lacking in all kinds of fantastic methods.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan was using the audience.


 These people’s shouts and reminders were actually misleading the girl.


 The young girl’s sight was blurred, and in the intense battle, she likely did not have time to think much and would subconsciously feel the surrounding people’s reminders to be correct.


 After all, there were a lot of people in the audience while the young girl was alone.


 Humans had a herd mentality, when many people believe something was correct, the young girl would likely believe it to be true as well.


 Sure enough like Fang Yuan expected, the young girl started punching and going on the offense.


 Fang Yuan scoffed, calmly pulling back his right leg and easily dodging, then he smoothly caught the young girl’s hand and pulled her to the side.


 The young girl wanted to win immediately and had used too much strength which was instead used by Fang Yuan to counterattack.


 Fang Yuan took this chance to strike the young girl’s lower abdomen fiercely with his knee.


 Bam.


 A soft sound was heard, as the young girl was badly hurt! Her shut eyes opened in pain, her gorgeous fair face flushed red at that instant, and blue veins popped up on her forehead.


 She felt her large intestine and internal organs were tangled together, the pain almost causing her to stop breathing.


 But before she could experience this intense pain again, Fang Yuan landed a chop at the back of the young girl’s neck.


 In an instant, the young girl lost her consciousness.


 Thud, she fell to the ground and did not move.


 Fang Yuan won.


 The surrounding crowd was silent for a moment before they erupted.


 “Despicable, too despicable!”


 “He actually won like this, this is so shameless.”


 “He is too shameless, a pity that his opponent was so innocent, she clearly had higher strength but actually fell for his trick!”


 The audience was furious and contemptuous towards young Thieving Heaven, while feeling pity and regret for the young girl. Their loud shouts could be heard without end for a while.


 “What have I done? Was it me again?!” Fang Yuan was once again an observer, while young Thieving Heaven was once again stunned.


 “Hahaha, it is you, you did it all.” Sha Xiao laughed freely: “I haven’t done anything, you have understood it, right? The whole battle process was your own choice.”


 “No, this is not true. How could I be such a... scumbag?!” Young Thieving Heaven closed his eyes from the agony, even his eyelids were slightly twitching.


 “You are indeed a scumbag, but grandpa appreciates that! You quickly and efficiently resolved the battle, victory was clean and fast. Your shamelessness and despicable nature is just like me back when I was young.” Sha Xiao started laughing loudly once again.


 “What the hell is going on? What’s wrong with me?” Young Thieving Heaven almost cried, all his glory and values accumulated from his previous life received a huge impact.


 “I once heard a saying, some people possess innate battle talent. When they enter battle state, they would often have creative thoughts as well as keen intuition, all kinds of factors could let them dig out their deepest self, and make the most natural choice, striving for victory with all their strength.”


 Young Thieving Heaven: “...”


 Like this, young Thieving Heaven continued to win in the small competition.


 Every battle, Fang Yuan would replace young Thieving Heaven and take control of the whole battle.


 Although the opponents were vigilant, what kind of person was Fang Yuan? His battle experiences could be said to be as vast as the sea, these small fry opponents, even just a shift in their gaze would let Fang Yuan see through their schemes and thoughts.


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, these victories were without any difficulty.


 But to young Thieving Heaven, it was an extremely painful journey.


 “Could it be that deep down inside, I am really such a person?”


 “In my previous life, because I was protected in a mecha, I did not receive enough stimulation? So in this world, now that I am personally fighting, my true nature has emerged?”


 “I have such a nature... I have shamed my clan, shamed my teacher’s teachings, and shamed my family name!”



***
Chapter 1498 - Desire To Lose


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the dream realm.


 On the stage, Fang Yuan was controlling young Thieving Heaven, fighting a rather difficult battle.


 This time, his opponent was a tall and sturdy youngster. The youngster’s hands were in a knife-hand pose and with each chop, his hands would let out a flash of lightning that shot towards Fang Yuan.


 This youngster was one of the most popular candidates to win the contest.


 If he were fighting an ordinary boy, they might already be struck by the lightning and piss themselves, losing the match immediately.


 But he was facing Fang Yuan.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s methods were simply not enough to dodge the lightning attacks. But Fang Yuan’s experienced eyes were paying close attention to every movement of his opponent.


 When his opponent raised his hand, Fang Yuan could deduce the direction of the attack by observing the change in his shoulder movement, the direction of his sight, and the center of his body weight.


 As a result, Fang Yuan was able to dodge every lightning attack, making strange dodging movements in others’ eyes.


 “Do you only know how to dodge?” His opponent shouted impatiently.


 “Hehe, catch me if you can! Come, beat me!” Fang Yuan mocked his opponent.


 Sure enough, the immature opponent got furious, charging towards Fang Yuan: “Fight me if you have guts, you rascal!”


 Bit Fang Yuan still kept on dodging.


 Even the audience could not endure this, as they hooted and criticized Fang Yuan’s actions as cowardly.


 Someone even shouted: “The strength difference is so big, just surrender! You despicable guy!”


 However, Fang Yuan just kept on continuing his way like he had heard nothing.


 Although he was dodging, he was in fact controlling the tempo of the battle.


 His opponent did not have rich battle experience, after all, he was too young, and fell into Fang Yuan’s rhythm without even being aware of it.


 The youngster fought for long, his primeval essence was mostly consumed as he gasped for breath from exhaustion.


 “Nice, time to counterattack.” Fang Yuan finally got the opportunity he was waiting for, and immediately went on the offensive.


 “What?!” His opponent reacted too late, and was soon receiving a beating from Fang Yuan.


 But the youngster still had some primeval essence, he was able to resist with difficulty.


 Fang Yuan inwardly realized the situation was bad. Young Thieving Heaven’s aptitude was too low, only having D grade aptitude, so he had small primeval essence reserve.


 After this long, the amount of primeval essence Fang Yuan had was even lower than his opponent who had been fiercely attacking since the start!


 “I must finish this quickly!” At this thought, Fang Yuan immediately shouted: “Come, you stupid kid, have a taste of my spit!”


 He then opened his mouth, spitting out his phlegm directly at his opponent’s face.


 His opponent’s eyes immediately opened wide.


 If this landed on his face, it would be too disgusting!


 The youngster quickly dodged.


 But this was what Fang Yuan wanted.


 He wanted to force his opponent to dodge in this direction.


 “Time to go down.” Fang Yuan suddenly moved forward like a nimble cat and appeared in front of the opponent before he threw a powerful high kick.


 That youngster already brought up his arms like a shield to block Fang Yuan’s kick.


 But Fang Yuan was too powerful and directly sent him flying out of the stage.


 Fang Yuan won.


 “This kid actually won!”


 “How can this possibly happen?”


 “Disgusting, he actually spat, this is too uncouth.”


 “Right, even though he won, I also despise him. He doesn’t even have a little demeanor, he is simply not qualified to be a Gu Master!”


 The audience engaged in heated discussions.


 Sneers and criticisms gathered into sounds that entered Fang Yuan’s ears wave after wave.


 Fang Yuan, however, had already lost control of the body, and it was the reappearance of the true young Thieving Heaven.


 Young Thieving Heaven experienced this battle personally, victory had truly not been easy.


 After all, young Thieving Heaven was alone, while his opponent had some background, probably having Gu Master parents, or at least one of them being a Gu Master.


 Those who could participate in this small competition were all youngsters who had just become Gu Masters. They had almost non-existent foundation and were only rank one, so they could easily use external force to raise their battle strength.


 Thus, those born with golden spoons or silver spoons had more or less received support and guidance from their seniors who raised their battle strength.


 This was the reason Fang Yuan faced difficulty in the battle, there was also another reason: Fang Yuan’s fighting style was already widely known, his opponents were very vigilant and would make meticulous preparations for the battle, making it hard for Fang Yuan to fight properly.


 “I, how could I have spat?” Young Thieving Heaven stood at the center of the stage, almost crying from shame.


 In the previous life, he had all along paid heavy attention to his bearing, he absolutely would not do an uncivilized thing like spitting everywhere.


 But in this battle, not only did he do it, but also did it so grandly and brazenly in front of so many people.


 What was young Thieving Heaven supposed to feel now!


 “How could I be this kind of person? Is this really me in the depths of my heart?” Young Thieving Heaven fell into a profound self-doubt and denial.


 The audience was still ridiculing.


 “This kid must be feeling thrilled, right!?”


 “This kind of garbage is actually entering the top eight.”


 “Hmph, social morals are degrading day by day, this kind of person should be thrown out of the competition!”


 “But top eight is the limit, I really don’t want to see him continue to win.”


 Young Thieving Heaven: “...”


 He really wanted to clarify the situation and tell everyone that he was not that kind of person. But he could not say anything, because even he was shaken and doubting himself.


 His values and the sense of glory ingrained in him in his previous life were being struck time and again, right now, they were already distorted beyond recognition.


 “This is good too, I also don’t want to continue. With this win, I am now in top eight and can enter the pool.” Young Thieving Heaven was tired, mentally tired!


 He did not want to continue fighting any longer.


 Bu Fang Yuan had another thought on this.


 “Top eight, top four, top two, and the winner; they are clearly structured and will obtain different rewards from the clan.”


 “Although this is a dream realm and not reality, if I help young Thieving Heaven obtain a better ranking, I can no doubt obtain a better reward.”


 “And these rewards will probably continue on to the next events, making this dream realm’s young Thieving Heaven stronger.”


 This dream realm of Thieving Heaven was extraordinary, it was very flexible and did not have a fixed endpoint.


 Thus, the stronger the young Thieving Heaven got, the bigger his influence in the dream realm, and the more convenient Fang Yuan’s exploration of this dream realm will be.


 Unravel dream did not have good effect in exploring Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, which was akin to handicapping Fang Yuan!


 So Fang Yuan wanted to increase the chances to raise his success in exploring the dream realm.


 “This second stage is much lengthier than the first stage, I should attempt to fight for first place. This is also a test towards this dream realm.”


 Fang Yuan pondered for a while and made up his mind.


 But although his idea was good, the opportunity and time to control young Thieving Heaven were limited.


 Fang Yuan could only patiently wait for the opportunity.


 The dream realm continued.


 Young Thieving Heaven had obtained victory, but what he gained were a bad reputation and huge external pressure.


 Other youngsters were actively preparing for the competition, gathering information on their opponents, but young Thieving Heaven was immersed in self-reflection.


 In fact, he was afraid to face himself, this self-doubt was torturous.


 This caused young Thieving Heaven to become thinner day by day, slowly becoming depressed.


 Sha Xiao’s voice was transmitted: “Grandson, you should refine Gu. Without a new Gu worm, it will be difficult for you to deal with your upcoming opponents, your chances of defeat will be higher.”


 Refining mortal Gu and refining Immortal Gu were two completely different concepts.


 Especially when refining a rank one Gu worm, the success rate was rather high.


 “I can’t directly supply you with any physical materials, I cannot give you Gu worms as well. You need to refine it yourself to deceive the others and not let them discover me.” Sha Xiao added.


 When he finished speaking, he transferred a huge amount of information to young Thieving Heaven’s brain.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s expression, however, changed to agitation when he looked at the contents: “No, this Gu worm is too sinister, it actually needs me to kill an infant and use their soul as a Gu material. I won’t commit such an heinous act!”



***
Chapter 1499 - Thieving Heavens Bottom Line


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sha Xiao gave a Gu recipe to young Thieving Heaven, but the latter’s expression changed and refused to refine the Gu.


 Sha Xiao’s gloomy voice transmitted: “Grandson, you don’t want to listen to grandpa? Do you want to live or not?”


 Young Thieving Heaven, however, persisted: “Who doesn’t want to live? But I have my bottom line. This Gu recipe is too vicious, I refuse to follow it. Sha Xiao, didn’t you want me to get near that pool? Now that I am in top eight, I have the qualifications to enter it, don’t you think it is a pity if you kill me now?”


 “Hahaha.” Sha Xiao laughed, “Yeah, it is a pity.”


 The words had just landed when young Thieving Heaven’s pupils shrunk rapidly as he felt an intense pain attacking his body.


 Pain, pain, pain!


 At that instant, he almost collapsed on the ground.


 But he endured with all his strength and rushed to a dark corner. He then leaned his back to the wall and endured with clenched teeth.


 Sha Xiao’s voice once more transmitted: “You are just a small pawn, you really think you can talk terms with me after entering top eight? You think you have such a high value? Hmph, there are countless people who want to be my grandson! It is your honor to be able to call me grandpa, do you understand?”


 Sha Xiao paused before continuing: “Let me hear you call me grandpa.”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s face had a distorted expression, he clenched his fists so tightly that his nails had dug into his flesh.


 He was trembling and sweating all over; this was caused by the pain, but also by the sense of humiliation and fury which he count not vent.


 “Gran, grandpa...” After a long while, young Thieving Heaven squeezed out this word.


 “Yes, my good grandson. Your voice is too soft, grandpa is old and did not hear you clearly.” Sha Xiao laughed sinisterly.


 Young Thieving Heaven immediately felt his pain lightening by a lot.


 Sha Xiao had reduced the effect of his method.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s brows tensed as the resolve to die flashed past his eyes, but he then recalled his family and his beloved woman, he took a huge breath and called out: “Hello, grandpa!”


 “Hahaha, as long as grandson is obedient, grandpa will be satisfied.” Sha Xiao’s laughter was filled with smugness.


 “Now, grandpa wants you to refine Gu, can you do it?”


 “Can... not!” Young Thieving Heaven’s face was deathly pale from the pain, but he still persisted in his bottom line.


 “Scumbag!” Sha Xiao was furious, intensifying his method.


 Young Thieving Heaven cried out and fell to the ground.


 Even after torturing him for a while, Sha Xiao felt a headache when he saw young Thieving Heaven refusing to compromise: “You brat, you have quite the sense of justice. A pity, a pity, I thought you were raw talent when I saw you fight so efficiently. I did not think you don’t even understand the logic of ‘every man for himself’. So what if you have to kill an infant? If they do not die, then you will die. If you die, then any wealth or desire will fade out of existence. Think carefully.”


 Young Thieving Heaven was slumped to the ground, curled up like a shrimp, his whole body was soaked with sweat, and he had almost lost consciousness; he did not have any energy right now.


 But, the corners of his lips still rose slightly: “Sha Xiao, you can forget about it. I am different from you, I won’t build my happiness and bliss on others’ suffering.”


 “Laughable persistence! A lot of things in this world need to be fought for, if you don’t fight or kill, how can you continue to live? What are you thinking in that head of yours?” Sha Xiao’s voice was icy and disdainful: “Just think of why you were banished by the clan? Hehe, wasn’t it because there were too little resources in the clan, and they felt raising you was a waste, so they used clan rules to openly try to kill you.”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s eyes shone brightly: “I understand this logic now, but what others do is their issue. If I do it, then it would become my issue, and I won’t do this!”


 “Ignorant! Then let me send you to your death!!” Sha Xiao’s fury had reached its limit, but just as he was about to attack, he suddenly paused.


 “Ahhh, my poor son, how could you pass away like this!” Young Thieving Heaven who was slumped near the wall, suddenly heard a woman’s cry from inside the house.


 Then, there was a clamor inside the house.


 Someone also started crying, and someone was furiously cursing the doctor for being incompetent.


 Young Thieving Heaven and Sha Xiao listened attentively before understanding the reason.


 It turned out the owners of this house had a baby, but the baby was congenitally deficient and was barely hanging on to life. The house lord spent a heavy price to invite a rank three Gu Master, but the Gu Master was also unable to save the baby who finally died today.


 “Hehe, kid, your luck seems to be pretty good. This baby is enough to refine Gu, he has already died, you can collect his corpse and use it to refine the Gu.” Sha Xiao laughed, but it was filled with killing intent: “If you don’t agree, you can go die. At worst, I will just change to another pawn.”


 Young Thieving Heaven was silent for a long while before replying: “Okay.”


 “Hmph, that’s good.” Sha Xiao did not speak anymore.


 Young Thieving Heaven rested for a good while before standing up with difficulty.


 Through this event, young Thieving Heaven thoroughly realized Sha Xiao’s nature was extremely forceful, he meant what he said and did not allow for any disobedience.


 To return to his home, young Thieving Heaven decided to swallow this humiliation.


 According to the clan’s common practice, the small competition would halt for a few days.


 Almost all the remaining competitors would remain in their house in this brief period, training and receiving guidance from their seniors.


 Over the next few days, young Thieving Heaven began to gather the Gu materials recorded in the Gu recipe.


 Although the gathering process was filled with obstacles, he managed to find them all.


 After that baby’s corpse was buried, young Thieving Heaven dug it out in the middle of the night.


 There were two more days before the competition resumed.


 This night, in a remote hut, young Thieving Heaven started refining Gu.


 “This Gu recipe was already clear and concise, but grandpa thought of your tiny primeval essence storage and added in many steps. Grandpa is so considerate, grandson, you need to succeed in this Gu refinement!” Sha Xiao’s voice transmitted, he was going to guide young Thieving Heaven throughout the whole process.


 The Gu refinement officially began.


 Under Sha Xiao’s guidance, young Thieving Heaven followed the steps and began to process the Gu materials one by one.


 Because it was his first time refining Gu, young Thieving Heaven’s performance was extremely bad at the start, he repeatedly made mistakes even in the most simple procedure like using fire to process the materials. Were it not for Sha Xiao’s timely guidance in correcting young Thieving Heaven, this Gu refinement would have already failed.


 Sha Xiao was hurling all kinds of abuse in anger.


 But as the Gu refinement progressed, Sha Xiao’s curses became fewer and fewer.


 “So this is the talent of a Demon Venerable?!” Fang Yuan who had been observing all along from the side was also shaken.


 Young Thieving Heaven displayed an extremely powerful Gu refinement talent, adapting very quickly, from the stumbling around at the beginning, to gaining his footing, and then becoming stable, and in the later stage of the Gu refinement, he even looked to be at ease.


 “There are final four steps remaining to refine this Gu worm.” Sha Xiao actually encouraged young Thieving Heaven: “My good grandson, do well, refine this Gu worm and give your grandpa face in the competition!”


 Young Thieving Heaven took a deep breath and gazed at the baby’s corpse in front of him.


 A resolute light flashed past his eyes.


 “Although this baby did not die by my hands, if I use it to refine Gu, how can I bear it in my heart? Anyway, Gu refinement can easily fail, if I fail here, Sha Xiao also won’t blame it on me.”


 “Child, forgive me, even after death, you could not rest in peace. But I had no choice, this is all I can do. I hope your soul can ascend to heaven through this fire.”


 “If you can reincarnate, please don’t return. This world... is too cruel!”


 While murmuring this inwardly, young Thieving Heaven made a mistake, the fire immediately burned fiercely and engulfed the baby’s corpse.


 “The intensity of the fire is too high, lower it quick.” Sha Xiao said in a startled tone.


 “I am trying!” Young Thieving Heaven pretended to panic, immediately controlling the fire, but the fire instead burned even hotter!


 “Such audacity! You purposely failed, you are going against me!!” Sha Xiao’s gaze turned furious as he realized young Thieving Heaven’s intention.



***
Chapter 1500 - Sneak Attack Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “No, grandpa, you misunderstood me! I truly cannot control this fire’s intensity.” Young Thieving Heaven was still continuing with the act.


 “Hehehe. You dare to deceive me, you are truly looking down on me. Alright, I won’t take your life. Let this fire devour you as well. You think Gu refinement is so simple and safe? You are seeking your own doom by intentionally failing the Gu refinement! Die, die, this is the result of your persistence, this is your own doing.” Sha Xiao snickered.


 Before he finished his words, that fire immediately soared and covered young Thieving Heaven.


 “Why did this happen?” Young Thieving Heaven wanted to charge out, but the fire was emitting an enormous attractive force that kept him on the spot.


 Looking as he was about to be buried in the fire, Fang Yuan discovered he could control young Thieving Heaven’s body once again.


 “Why do I feel like I am cleaning up young Thieving Heaven’s mess?” Fang Yuan felt frustrated.


 But he did not panic.


 Fang Yuan had already come across the Gu recipe Sha Xiao had given to young Thieving Heaven.


 This was a rank one Gu recipe, while Fang Yuan was a refinement path quasi-grandmaster, so the principles of the Gu recipe were clear to him.


 Although young Thieving Heaven had already made a mistake, in Fang Yuan’s view, it was not irrecoverable.


 Sandpit Gu.


 Fang Yuan controlled young Thieving Heaven’s body to throw sandpit Gu to a certain position in the fire.


 He did not activate this Gu worm, instead throwing it in as a Gu material.


 The delicate Gu immediately attracted the fire and was soon burnt into a pile of powder.


 The fire’s attraction force decreased sharply, Fang Yuan took this chance to jump out.


 He rolled on the ground for a few times to extinguish the remaining fire on him.


 His injuries were severe.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s face, neck, arms and other areas were burnt to a miserable degree.


 But Fang Yuan ignored the injuries, and put all his attention on that fire.


 Young Thieving Heaven was still not out of danger, because the Gu refinement process had yet to truly stop.


 If this fire continued to burn, it would definitely engulf young Thieving Heaven again.


 So Fang Yuan activated chimney smoke Gu, smoke came out and covered the basin sized fire.


 Layers of smoke shrouded this fire.


 As the danger decreased gradually, Fang Yuan felt his connection with the fire was rapidly weakening.


 “Like this, the smoke can extinguish the fire and stop this Gu refinement. Although there will be some backlash, this body’s life will be preserved.”


 In this state, Fang Yuan had done all he could.


 After all, young Thieving Heaven was too reckless, actually trying to intentionally fail the Gu refinement.


 This Gu refinement had instead lowered his strength because he now lost the precious sandpit Gu.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment.


 The smoke was suddenly absorbed into the fire.


 “What’s going on?” Even Fang Yuan had not expected this.


 But shortly, when he saw that baby’s phantom in the fire, he realized: “There is an issue with this baby, their constitution is probably not ordinary, it is quite bizarre!”


 The baby had been added to the fire as a Gu material.


 Fang Yuan had been observing from the side and had not carefully inspected the baby, so he did not know if there was anything strange with it.


 This anomaly had surpassed Fang Yuan’s expectation.


 The fire soared once again, the baby’s phantom jumped about in the fire and pounced towards young Thieving Heaven.


 “Damn, this is dangerous.” Fang Yuan sighed, if young Thieving Heaven died, his dream realm exploration would also fail subsequently.


 Looking at the fire about to pounce at young Thieving Heaven’s body, Fang Yuan suddenly had an inspiration.


 “Got it!”


 He first threw the chimney smoke Gu.


 The chimney smoke Gu immediately attracted the baby phantom in the fire, it made babbling noise as it charged at the chimney smoke Gu and started eating it.


 Taking this chance, Fang Yuan quickly retreated a few steps, pulling apart some distance from the fire.


 But soon, the baby had finished eating chimney smoke Gu and charged towards Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Come, there is also clear water Gu!”


 Clear water Gu was thrown out, and was also devoured by the baby.


 The fire suddenly dimmed, the clear water Gu turned into a lump of emerald green water that could not be evaporated by the fire.


 And the red fire turned into orange-yellow, shrouded in light. It was no longer fiery as before, and was deeply concealed instead.


 The emerald green water and orange-yellow fire circulated around each other in the air.


 Fang Yuan moved young Thieving Heaven’s body to advance instead of retreating, and went in front of this strange water and fire.


 “Sandpit turned into powder, consolidating the body. Chimney smoke shrouded and restrained the fire. Clear water toppled the world. Using blood to integrate yin and yang. Wonderful!”


 Fang Yuan bit his tongue and spat out his blood into the strange water and fire.


 “Eeeek.” After the strange water and fire was touched by the blood, it suddenly turned into a blue baby phantom that screamed and pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not dodge, letting it attack.


 The blue baby phantom directly entered young Thieving Heaven’s aperture, turning into a rank two Gu worm.


 “What is this?” Young Thieving Heaven came back to his senses and was stumped.


 “What the, again?!” Fang Yuan was speechless, the moment young Thieving Heaven was safe, he was thrown to the side and turned into an observer.


 “You actually refined a completely new Gu worm under a series of coincidences?!” Sha Xiao also shouted out in surprise.


 “No, that’s wrong.” Shortly, he came to a realization, “Brat, you seem to have a hidden nature which only takes control when you encounter fatal danger, and then makes you intuitively make the best choice. It was like this in the competition, it seems to be the same in Gu refinement as well.”


 “You are naive and stubborn, as well as hopelessly stupid, but this hidden nature of yours is quite pragmatic and extremely cunning, having talents that you can’t reach! I quite admire this nature, very impressive!!”


 Sha Xiao started laughing.


 “I refined a... new Gu?” Young Thieving Heaven still had not completely reacted to this situation and was dazed.


 “That’s right, give it a try. This new Gu is a rank two Gu, it seems to be a new innovation, even I can’t make out its effect.”


 Activating an unknown Gu worm was a dangerous thing.


 For instance, Spring Autumn Cicada was the best example.


 But young Thieving Heaven had just started cultivating and was ignorant, and Sha Xiao, who knew about the risks, did not have any concern for young Thieving Heaven’s safety.


 So young Thieving Heaven dumbly activated this Gu worm.


 The moment it was activated, this Gu worm turned back into a blue baby phantom that gave a strange scream before exiting young Thieving Heaven’s aperture and charging ahead.


 There was a stone stool ahead, the blue baby phantom directly entered the stone stool, then exited and returned to young Thieving Heaven’s aperture, turning back into its Gu appearance.


 The stone stool looked undamaged.


 Young Thieving Heaven walked to the stool and touched it.


 Bam.


 A crisp sound echoed as the stone stool turned into crushed stone pieces.


 Young Thieving Heaven was taken aback and took a step back, looking at the pile of pebbles on the ground in shock.


 “Wonderful!” Sha Xiao praised: “This Gu worm has extremely high power, it is a top tier rank two Gu worm. More importantly, it seems to be able to pass through defenses, take a look, the stone stool crumbled from the inside.”


 Sha Xiao was astute, seeing many of its profundities in an instant.


 Young Thieving Heaven was still somewhat muddled.


 Sha Xiao looked at his aperture and praised again: “Amazing! Look at your aperture, only ten percent primeval essence has been expended in activating this Gu worm, this is unimaginable. This is a rank two Gu worm with so much power, but it only needs ten percent of rank one green copper primeval essence!”


 “But I only have D grade aptitude, my primeval essence is just a bit more than twenty percent. I can only use this Gu worm twice.” Young Thieving Heaven was worried.


 “You know nothing. With this Gu worm, the first position in the competition is yours. No one can defend against your Gu worm.” Sha Xiao scoffed.


 “I can be first with this Gu?” Young Thieving Heaven’s eyes opened wide.


 “Once this Gu worm is activated, it will turn into a blue baby phantom that will attack the enemy. You have seen its speed, it is extremely fast. Rank three Gu Masters might be able to dodge it with difficulty, but against rank one and rank two Gu Masters, as long as you close some distance, they will be struck and have no time to dodge.”


 Sha Xiao continued to analyze, mumbling: “Hmm... looking at this Gu worm’s power and effect, we might as well call it sneak attack Gu.”


 The Gu worm was created by young Thieving Heaven, but Sha Xiao took the liberty to name this Gu worm.


 “Sneak attack Gu...” Young Thieving Heaven immediately frowned and wanted to object.


 “Yes, call it sneak attack Gu, my naming sense is still good. Hahaha!” Sha Xiao said domineeringly, young Thieving Heaven could only roll his eyes helplessly.



***
Chapter 1501 - Quasi-Great Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert, Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 Young Thieving Heaven stepped on the stage once more.


 His appearance startled the surrounding clansmen.


 “What is the meaning of this?”


 “Why is this despicable kid covered in bandages?”


 “It seems like he suffered a heavy injury!”


 Nothing could be done about it, although young Thieving Heaven refined sneak attack Gu with Fang Yuan’s help, his injuries from the Gu refinement process had not been healed. So even if young Thieving Heaven continued to participate in the competition, he was heavily injured.


 Young Thieving Heaven bitterly laughed inwardly.


 In fact, he did not want to continue to take part in the competition, but Sha Xiao forced him to continue.


 With no other way, young Thieving Heaven could only enter the battle.


 And his opponent this time was a clan elder’s grandson. When he saw young Thieving Heaven’s heavily injured appearance, he instead retreated several steps, looking at young Thieving Heaven with extreme cautiousness.


 “What scheme are you plotting?” The elder’s grandson shouted: “You think by disguising as heavily injured, I will be tricked by you? You are underestimating me too much.”


 “That’s right. You need to be careful when dealing with him, don’t be deceived.”


 “This method of appearing weak is too childish. But looking at his age, it can be understood.”


 “This kid is ignorant, he doesn’t have much strength at all, completely relying on tricks to enter the top eight.”


 The surrounding crowd erupted in discussion.


 Young Thieving Heaven rolled his eyes, speechless.


 The Gu Master presiding over this match was also speechless. He had investigative Gu and had already ascertained that the heavy injuries on young Thieving Heaven were real.


 But Fang Yuan’s fraudulent performances before had left such a deep impression on others that even though young Thieving Heaven was injured currently, they did not dare to believe it. Young Thieving Heaven’s opponent even retreated several steps, appearing extremely cautious!


 “Since it is so...” Young Thieving Heaven smiled bitterly, the corners of his lips suddenly rose as his gaze and expression changed a little.


 Fang Yuan had once again gained control over young Thieving Heaven’s body.


 “Come, let me test sneak attack Gu in a real fight.” Fang Yuan willed and activated this rank two Gu worm.


 A blue baby phantom jumped out of young Thieving Heaven’s aperture.


 “What the...” The elder’s grandson gave a startled cry, he was not able to react in time and the blue baby phantom pounced at his body.


 “Thankfully, I played safe and had immediately activated my defensive Gu worm earlier, not giving any chance to my opponent!” The blue baby phantom’s speed was extremely fast, the elder’s grandson could only squeeze out two words while his mind was filled with thoughts.


 But this thought was the final thought before he fainted.


 Guh.


 At the next moment, the elder’s grandson coughed out blood, and his eyes opened wide with an incredulous look.


 Then, he fell down to the ground, immediately losing his consciousness.


 Fang Yuan won!


 Silence fell among the crowd.


 Almost everyone’s eyes were opened wide as they saw a blue baby figure drill in and out of the elder’s grandson’s body which then jumped up and down before entering back into young Thieving Heaven’s aperture.


 “Despicable! He used a dirty trick again.”


 “What did he use? The speed was too fast, I actually could not see it clearly.”


 “It seems to be a rank two Gu worm!”


 “What exactly was that? I only saw a blue baby phantom.”


 “My intuition tells me this blue baby phantom is not simple!”


 This time, not only the observing mortals, even those rank two Gu Masters were visibly moved.


 Sneak attack Gu’s first appearance had shocked everyone!


 In the following matches, young Thieving Heaven repeatedly used sneak attack Gu.


 His battles were clean and quick, they could be summarized in a few steps — step on the stage, activate sneak attack Gu, opponent faints, and victory comes.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s dominance was so big that he suppressed all the competitors instantly.


 The crowd was overwhelmed.


 There was no unexpected mishap, young Thieving Heaven smoothly grasped first place. This result raised many eyebrows.


 “He was actually concealing this trump card!”


 “This kid was actually pretending to be weak, he is too crafty and sinister.”


 “Yes, he clearly has such strength, but actually resorted to such tricks. Hmm... but this also shows his true nature!”


 Young Thieving Heaven was first place in the competition, but the clansmen were dissatisfied.


 With Fang Yuan causing disaster from the start, young Thieving Heaven had lost everyone’s favor.


 Ordinary people pointed at young Thieving Heaven and whispered to each other, but the clan’s higher-ups had their attention on sneak attack Gu.


 “This Gu is so powerful, what is its origin?”


 “That kid is a commoner, a penniless brat, how could he get such a top tier Gu worm?”


 “I have investigated it, he has been living in the clan since his birth. But earlier this year, he was exiled, and this Gu worm was very likely obtained by him during the exile.”


 “You are saying this kid has inherited some senior’s inheritance?”


 “Yes, that is very likely to be true!”


 “This brat doesn’t matter, the crucial thing is that this rank two Gu worm is really powerful. You have already seen its remarkable offensive power. It can be activated by a rank one Gu Master which means its primeval essence consumption is small, this is a top tier Gu worm. As long as our clan can arm ourselves with this Gu worm on a large scale, our strength will definitely soar. At that time, we can definitely expand our operations and seize larger oases.” The clan leader excitedly spoke, a fire of ambition flickering in his eyes.


 Sneak attack Gu was a rank two Gu, after its might was displayed, it immediately attracted the covetous gaze of the clan’s higher-ups.


 This was already expected by Fang Yuan.


 With him controlling young Thieving Heaven, he could naturally avoid using sneak attack Gu in the competition, but he took the initiative to use it and openly at that. He had his own plan for this.


 “I want to see what this dream realm will look like because of my decisions!”


 “Sneak attack Gu has been exposed and attracted the clan’s covetous gaze, the higher-ups will definitely want to mass produce this Gu and arm the clan’s Gu Masters.”


 Sneak attack Gu was a rank two Gu, this rank was just perfect.


 A rank one Gu was too low, it had weak strength and there was no meaning in using them on a large scale.


 Rank three was too high, they were too valuable and were difficult to mass-produce, also there were few rank three Gu Masters in the clan.


 Only rank two which was in the middle, was suitable to mass-produce and suitable to equip the clan’s Gu Masters!


 The clan’s higher-ups could not help being moved.


 “So they want the Gu recipe more than the Gu worm. After all, there is only one sneak attack Gu, they can only mass-produce it by obtaining the Gu recipe.”


 “The clan’s higher-ups want to get the Gu recipe, so they will most likely try to appease young Thieving Heaven and try to recruit him, they will not try to obtain it by force or pressure.”


 This was a simple logic.


 If pressured, it might instead lead to young Thieving Heaven rebounding and resisting.


 If he died and did not hand over the recipe, the clan’s plans would all be in vain. If he had grievance, he could hand over an incomplete or a tampered Gu recipe, the clan would then suffer huge losses.”


 So the best situation was for young Thieving Heaven to willingly and voluntarily hand over the Gu recipe.


 Just like Fang Yuan expected, as the dream realm continued, the clan’s higher-up forces extended offers to young Thieving Heaven. They were either trying to invite him to visit their homes, or offer money and goods to get closer to him. Furthermore, some even wanted to marry their daughter to young Thieving Heaven.


 Young Thieving Heaven instantly became popular like a hot product.


 “My good grandson, you have made it! You won’t be able to hold on to this sneak attack Gu recipe, but you can use this to exchange for a large amount of benefits. Use it properly and you can even squeeze into the clan’s higher-up circle. Hehehe!” Sha Xiao’s voice echoed.


 Young Thieving Heaven, however, was dead set on not handing over the Gu recipe.


 “If I hand over the Gu recipe, a lot of babies will be implicated!”


 Although young Thieving Heaven was upright and honest, he had his bottom line, he was an otherworldly demon, he had previous life’s experiences and knew that behind the strength of an organization, there was often darkness and dirtiness.


 “Then you can delay it for a while, after a few days, you will be going to the pool to select the reward of the competition winner. Don’t forget grandpa’s instructions.” Sha Xiao contained his laughter, his voice turning cold and detached.


 “Don’t worry, I won’t forget.” Young Thieving Heaven promised.


 After three days in the dream, he along with seven others were led by clan elders across the blockade and to the pool.


 This was the most important resource area of the clan. There was also a natural spirit spring in the pool which produced primeval stones, and was the basis for survival of the clan.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s clan had not only planted a lot of Gu materials around the pool, they had also excavated underground caverns where they stored large amount of Gu worms.


 Because young Thieving Heaven was the winner, he was brought to an underground cavern to choose a high quality Gu worm from inside.


 He had just stepped inside when Sha Xiao’s excited voice was heard: “It’s here, it’s here. I sense a dense Immortal Gu aura!”


 “What Immortal Gu?” Young Thieving Heaven asked.


 Fang Yuan also had doubts, and was also somewhat shocked that the inheritance here actually involved Gu Immortals!


 But right at this time, Fang Yuan’s sight suddenly turned dark.


 His soul was once again being rapidly corroded by the dream realm.


 After waiting for a seemingly endless time, Fang Yuan’s soul had unknowingly left the dream realm.


 “Why am I out?” Fang Yuan felt a trace of surprise.


 “This means I have passed the second stage?” Fang Yuan immediately came to a realization when he thought of this.


 “Quasi-great grandmaster! My theft path attainment has actually soared to just a step before great grandmaster level!” Fang Yuan’s soul entered his physical body, he opened his eyes, which shined brightly with surprise and joy.


 Quasi-great grandmaster realm!


 This was a new personal record for Fang Yuan.


 Among Fang Yuan’s various paths, some were at grandmaster realm, even in his first life of five hundred years, he had not achieved such an accomplishment in a path!



***
Chapter 1502 - Lacking Souls


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert, inside Tang clan’s immortal formation.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged with closed eyes.


 He was inspecting his soul, his ten million man soul foundation level had now already fallen to million man soul, moreover, it was just a little over a million.


 “When I passed the first stage, my soul foundation was over nine million man soul. But after passing the second stage, I actually only have just over one million man soul, almost falling down to hundred thousand man soul range.”


 Fang Yuan inwardly compared the differences between the two.


 The second stage was longer than the first stage, and the soul corrosion rate was also much more severe.


 An ordinary Gu Immortal with even a little less soul foundation would have no way to endure such a corrosion. Not to mention a whole stage, they would not even be able to pass half a stage of the dream realm.


 This made it clear that the difficulty of this dream realm of Thieving Heaven was too high. No wonder Tang clan and Tang Fang Ming’s many years of effort was like a newborn baby trying to gnaw on an iron-hard boulder.


 “Tang Fang Ming was still able to create so many dream path mortal Gu, this person indeed has quite remarkable talents and aptitude.”


 Fang Yuan thought of his first life of five hundred years, Tang Fang Ming had created a dream path immortal killer move — Steal Dream.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had thought this was because of Shadow Sect’s help, but now that he had explored two stages of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, he felt steal dream was more likely to have been created by Tang Fang Ming himself.


 The first stage of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm had increased Fang Yuan’s theft path to grandmaster level.


 While the second stage had raised it to quasi-great grandmaster.


 “I am just a step away from genuine great grandmaster level.” Fang Yuan quietly comprehended and sensed that beautiful prospect that was close at hand.


 “If I successfully pass one more stage of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, I definitely can reach great grandmaster attainment!” Even Fang Yuan, with his extraordinary calmness, felt traces of fiery anticipation.


 There was a huge difference between grandmaster and great grandmaster.


 Grandmaster level could understand about yin-yang and heaven and earth, they could learn about the profoundness of the universe, surpassing the mortal realm and become immortals among immortals, sages among sages.


 At grandmaster level, a Gu Immortal could use their path to imitate the specialties of other paths. For instance, in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, hundred years harmony, a time path killer move, had the effect of information path.


 As for great grandmaster attainment, it meant that the Gu Immortal’s understanding of a path was very close to being complete, their knowledge of the path had already reached the limits of the world. They could be considered to be approaching on digging out all the profundities of their path!


 The dead Blazing Heaven Demoness was a fire path great grandmaster. The present day’s rank eight Gu Immortal Old Ancestor Xue Hu was a snow path great grandmaster.


 At this level, Blazing Heaven Demoness had an extreme sensitivity towards fire path dao marks. Previously, she had added a trace of fire path dao mark in every fire path immortal material and plotted against Fang Yuan.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu could casually disassemble all kinds of immortal killer moves. Previously, in the battle of Reverse Flow River, he had nimbly disassembled his trump card battlefield killer move to deal with Heavenly Court and other enemies, even gaining the upper hand.


 And a formation path great grandmaster could directly use the natural dao marks in the world to set up formations. They often needed only some mortal Gu to set up immortal Gu formations in some specific areas.


 As for above great grandmaster attainment, there was supreme grandmaster.


 Great grandmaster was a level where the profundities of the path were being dug out, if Fang Yuan became a theft path great grandmaster, he would understand the profundities of theft path that existed in the world, and there would be almost nothing about theft path that he could not comprehend.


 That was to say, great grandmaster was a level where one deciphered just about everything about a certain path.


 Supreme grandmaster was to innovate beyond that, to obtain mysteries of the path that did not even exist in the world, to be one step ahead of heaven and earth!


 Normally, grandmaster attainment required hundreds of years of accumulation, in Fang Yuan’s first life, he had attained grandmaster in blood path.


 Great grandmaster often required a thousand to several thousands of years, a number of rank eight Gu Immortals possessed this level of attainment.


 As for supreme grandmaster, that was not just a matter of simply accumulation, but concerned talents and natural aptitude as well. Without having awe-inspiring talent and natural aptitude, even if the Gu Immortal lived for ten thousand years, they would not be able to reach supreme grandmaster attainment.


 Therefore, supreme grandmasters were extremely rare since ancient times.


 The ten venerables were all supreme grandmasters. There were also some legendary characters, like the three refinement path supreme grandmasters — Long Hair Ancestor, Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Old Immortal Kong Jue.


 “Grandmaster and great grandmaster attainment level can be achieved through dream realms. But supreme grandmaster cannot be obtained with dream realms.” Fang Yuan realized this.


 This was obvious.


 Supreme grandmasters needed to pioneer in creating something from nothing, while dream realms were legacies left by predecessors. So the highest attainment level that could be reached through dream realms was great grandmaster.


 “Once I attain great grandmaster level in theft path, even if there are still more stages in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, I won’t be able to increase my theft path attainment level through them.”


 This was also the foundation for collaboration between Fang Yuan and Tang clan.


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was too large, Fang Yuan’s stomach had a limit. Once he was full, there would still be a large portion left for Tang clan.


 Tang clan had only been willing to collaborate with Fang Yuan after he made this reason clear.


 If Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was small enough for Fang Yuan to devour alone, how could Tang clan collaborate with Fang Yuan?


 In the coming days, Fang Yuan prepared for his third exploration of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 He was mainly cultivating his soul.


 But in his spare time, Fang Yuan taught the secrets of dream path to Tang Fang Ming.


 Tang Fang Ming benefited a lot.


 Despite Fang Yuan only imparting some superficial dream path knowledge, as far as Tang Fang Ming was concerned, what he lacked was this lighthouse to guide him.


 The first step was always the most difficult. The creation of any path was the most difficult at the beginning.


 Once the first step was taken, the following steps could be taken rapidly.


 For Fang Yuan, guiding Tang Fang Ming, besides fulfilling the agreement to make it convenient for him to continue exploring the dream realm, was to make arrangements for the future. He was imitating Spectral Soul’s strategy of fostering forces in four regions, to surround Central Continent and go against Heavenly Court.


 Time flew by, over twenty days passed just like this.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had once again reached ten million man soul level.


 “The third stage of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm is sure to be even more difficult. Ten million man soul level might not be safe enough.” After Fang Yuan pondered, he decided to continue cultivating his soul to break through to hundred million man soul.


 If his soul foundation was not sufficient and the soul was corroded completely in the dream realm, it would be akin to death. Even if there was still a physical body left, he would be just like a vegetable without a soul.


 “Maybe I can deduce a dream path killer move to reduce the corrosion of the soul in the dream realm.”


 This idea only flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind before he quickly denied it.


 Fang Yuan’s dream path attainment level was only ordinary, not even at quasi-master. Creating a dream path immortal killer move? Forget about it.


 As such, there was only one path in front of Fang Yuan currently, to raise his soul foundation to hundred million man soul.


 But this plan soon met an obstacle.


 He was lacking guts Gu!


 Fang Yuan had put Dang Hun Mountain in Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit personally took charge of using this secluded domain of heaven and earth to produce guts Gu.


 But, guts Gu did not appear out of thin year, it required souls.


 The higher the quality and the quantity of the souls, the more guts Gu that Dang Hun Mountain could produce.


 The problem appeared in this aspect.


 Fang Yuan required a huge amount of guts Gu, Lang Ya land spirit, however, did not have enough souls to produce them.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had ordered Shadow Sect members and others to explore Tai Qiu and kill desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, so guts Gu could be repeatedly produced on a large scale.


 But now, Shadow Sect’s members were with Fang Yuan, and the souls stored in Lang Ya Sect had been completely used up these last few days.


 Fang Yuan thought over it, right now, it was better for him to get materials from nearby than return to kill Tai Qiu’s desolate beasts.


 Western Desert was similar to Northern Plains in that it was similarly incomparably vast.


 Western Desert had a place that was rather special and suited Fang Yuan.


 “You Chan is dead, my dragonfish business is already dominating the whole of treasure yellow heaven’s market. For the next few years, there should be no one that can compete with me.”


 Fang Yuan intended to use these profits to manage his immortal aperture and not to purchase souls.


 It was a loss to use them to purchase souls, Fang Yuan recalled a famous saying — one’s own hands can produce ample food and clothing.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan briefly informed Tang Fang Ming of the situation. Then, he left the immortal formation with the Shadow Sect members, towards that special desert.



***
Chapter 1503 - Soul Beast Army


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan controlled the auspicious cloud to move through the sky.


 His speed was not fast, but his surroundings were permeating with dense Immortal Gu aura.


 The auspicious cloud below him was not ordinary. It originated from a luck path true inheritance in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, after Fang Yuan’s modifications, its effect had improved sharply.


 The auspicious cloud did not follow Fang Yuan’s will, but moved according to the profundity of luck path.


 Even Fang Yuan did not know when this auspicious cloud would change direction or where it was moving to, but Fang Yuan was clear that this ‘spontaneous auspicious cloud’ killer move flew along the path of highest luck.


 After leaving Tang clan, Fang Yuan had spent several days to come here.


 This was green ghost desert.


 A famous danger region of Western Desert. For the last hundred thousand years, there were many Western Desert Gu Immortals who died here.


 Green ghost desert’s sky was covered with dense dark clouds all year round, with barely any sunlight, it was dark and gloomy.


 The ground was covered with large amount of vegetation.


 Ghost crying trees were the largest in number, this tree was not tall and had twisted branches that looked like they were demons and monsters brandishing their claws. Every time the gloomy wind blew on the tree, it would shake slightly and emit a shrill scream or a terrifying cry.


 Moan moan moan...


 The ghost crying tree wailed mournfully, a soul beast quietly moved out and approached Fang Yuan from behind while slowly raising its two sickle arms.


 The front half of this soul beast resembled a cockroach with long sharp pincers, while its back half had a long tail like a python.


 Fang Yuan seemingly failed to sense it, the soul beast’s two sickle arms were raised up to its limit, it then rushed out towards Fang Yuan’s back and slashed down its sickle arms!


 Victory or defeat was already determined at that instant.


 The soul beast’s body stiffened in the air and fell down head-first to the ground.


 But Fang Yuan acted in time, softly waving his sleeve which sent out a formless force that wrapped around this desolate beast level soul beast’s corpse, and brought it before him.


 The soul beast’s corpse turned into whiffs of dark grey smoke and was constantly dissipating with the wind. Fang Yuan was unable to stop it, and after a while, only a glass-like soul core remained in his hand.


 The soul core was heavy and was dark blue to the point of appearing black. As Fang Yuan held it, it was like holding a completely filled wine vat.


 This was a rank six immortal material.


 It was the essence of the soul beast.


 Just like a mud monster only left behind its mud core after its death, soul beasts also had soul cores.


 Soul beasts, mud monsters, blood beasts, shadow monsters and phantom beasts were all path beasts, their whole bodies contained plentiful and dense amounts of dao marks of their specific paths.


 Fang Yuan inspected and confirmed that there was nothing wrong with the soul core, before throwing it inside his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Inside his immortal aperture, there was already a small basin of soul cores.


 Most were rank six soul cores, and a portion was rank seven. But there were no rank eight soul cores which came from immemorial soul beasts.


 With Fang Yuan’s battle strength, it was easy for him to kill these desolate level soul beasts and ancient soul beasts.


 After he arrived in green ghost desert, many desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts came to find trouble with him. Fang Yuan was charging through their territories, so he would naturally be attacked by them.


 Most of these beasts were soul beasts.


 Fang Yuan had ghostly concealment, auspicious cloud, however, was not concealed, the target of these soul beasts was the auspicious cloud while neglecting Fang Yuan, unfortunately they all fell to Fang Yuan’s sinister scheme.


 The emergence of soul beasts was related to two Demon Venerables.


 One was Red Lotus Demon Venerable; he damaged fate Gu, creating a loophole in the Great Dao of the world which allowed many beings to escape from the restrictions of fate. After dying, not all souls were sucked into door of life and death, many souls stayed behind in the world.


 The second was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable; he created soul path, causing souls to manifest and transform into soul beasts.


 But at present, a portion of soul beasts were naturally formed in some places with dense soul path dao marks.


 Times were constantly changing.


 From Immemorial Antiquity to Remote Antiquity, Olden Antiquity to the present age, the world of five regions had already changed many times.


 So these soul cores could completely substitute for souls to be fed to Dang Hun Mountain and produce large amounts of guts Gu.


 But the quality of these soul cores could not be compared to Gu Immortal souls. At most, they could only match the souls of other beasts and plants.


 “It hasn’t even been long since I entered green ghost desert, and I have already obtained so many soul cores. How I wish I could have complete control over this place.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 If he could control this place, it was akin to having an endless supply of guts Gu.


 It could completely push his soul foundation to the peak level, and even be used to help others.


 Whoosh!


 Just as Fang Yuan was immersed in thinking, a sharp ear-piercing sound came from behind him towards the left.


 A giant scorpion was flying towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils immediately shrunk when he took a glance.


 This scorpion was completely black and had a peculiar shape, its whole body resembled a huge round disc, its long tail was behind the disc and its two huge pincers flickered with eerie light. It was charging straight at Fang Yuan with terrifying momentum!


 “This is an immemorial desolate beast disc scorpion, it is a wisdom path beast and its favorite food is soul beasts.” A line of information instantly appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment could conceal him from the senses of soul beasts, but it had no effect on other beasts.


 Fang Yuan jumped out of the auspicious cloud and escaped.


 Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, he was not helpless against this immemorial desolate beast.


 However, his goal in this trip was not to fight a drawn out battle with the disc scorpion, but to gather as many soul cores as possible.


 Fang Yuan retreated, but the disc scorpion did not let go. However, after a while of being chased, Fang Yuan was able to successfully throw off the disc scorpion by using his ample methods.


 Danger lurked everywhere in green ghost desert, even Fang Yuan was not safe here.


 Over the next few days, Fang Yuan hunted soul beasts while cultivating soul path, increasing his soul foundation. If he ran into any existences like the disc scorpion, Fang Yuan would prioritize escaping as much as possible.


 Fang Yuan was not the only one hunting, the Shadow Sect members were also doing the same.


 The soul cores obtained by the immortals were given to Lang Ya land spirit to produce large amounts of guts Gu.


 In less than half a month, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had reached the range of ten million man soul again.


 “My soul foundation is enough, it is time to change battle tactics.” Fang Yuan instructed the Shadow Sect immortals to stop killing soul beasts, instead, they would start capturing, subduing or enslaving them.


 Fang Yuan had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, he possessed large amounts of methods to enslave soul beasts.


 The only thing limiting him was that he lacked soul path and enslavement path Immortal Gu.


 Under everyone’s efforts, they soon controlled a large group of soul beasts, there were roughly over sixty desolate level soul beasts, and around twenty ancient soul beasts.


 Soul beasts of all kinds of grotesque shapes formed a majestic army that rampaged around in green ghost desert.


 When they encountered lone soul beasts or small groups of soul beasts, Fang Yuan would command the enslaved soul beasts to charge at them. Those that could not be controlled were killed for their soul cores, and those soul beasts that were on their last breaths would be enslaved by Fang Yuan and the rest.


 A dozen or so days passed, the enslaved soul beast army expanded by three times the original size!



***
Chapter 1504 - Meeting a Benefactor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In green ghost desert, the sky was always covered with dark clouds and there was barely any sunlight.


 A small group of soul beasts were moving in the desert.


 Different from the rest, there were three Gu Immortals in this soul beast group.


 Two were captives and one was the master of these soul beasts.


 “Hehehe, you two lads from Fang clan, have you thought it through?” The Gu Immortal in charge was dressed in a grey robe. He had a sharp nose, thin eyes, and had a goatee. He was sitting on the back of a bull shaped ancient soul beast and was looking at the two Gu Immortal captives beside him with a dark and pleased expression.


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun had rank six cultivation, they looked clean and tidy, but in fact, their souls were completely bound by dark grey soul chains and could not even budge.


 Fang Leng, who was slightly older, had a square face. He kept quiet and did not reply.


 The slightly younger Fang Yun had a handsome appearance, he had a rather lively nature as he replied: “Old Ghost Bai Jun, it is not that we cannot write a letter to the clan for you, but you have bound our souls, we cannot even activate our communication means. How about loosening the chains a little so I can message the clan.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun snorted: “You are so sneaky, wanting to deceive this Old Ghost? You only need an instant to escape with your body cloud killer move. It was not easy for me to capture you, you think I can be so easily fooled?”


 Fang Yun quickly said: “How could I dare to fool senior? It is just that what I said is the truth. You see, it is like this... ahh!”


 Before he finished speaking, Fang Yun’s whole body started shaking as he let out a terrifyingly miserable scream.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun snickered, while Fang Leng called out furiously: “Stop, don’t hurt my junior brother.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was annoyed: “Looks like you guys are accustomed to acting without consequences, you still don’t recognize your situation? Hmph, then let me teach you.”


 He then activated his method, tormenting Fang Leng as well.


 Fang Leng grunted, his brows tightly furrowed but he did not utter a sound, except his trembling was growing increasingly intense.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun tortured them for a while and only stopped when he saw Fang clan’s two immortals turning pale as paper, their bodies shaking and covered in sweat.


 He inwardly frowned: “If it were ordinary lone cultivators, I could have killed them without consequences. But these two have quite the background, Fang clan is a super force of Western Desert. If I rashly kill them, Fang clan will definitely be able to find that I am the culprit. Fang clan’s second supreme elder Fang Di Chang is a famous wisdom path expert of Western Desert. Also, if Fang clan comes to search green ghost desert, it will hinder master’s plan.”


 “But if I just let them go and master asks me later, he might blame me for being cowardly. The only thing I can do now is capture these two to demand ransom from Fang clan, and then set an agreement. With this, I can satisfy both sides.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun thought things through and looked at these two captives again.


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun were gasping and sweating, collapsed on the ground because of the torture.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun sneered: “Even an iron forged man won’t be able to endure my methods. To tell you the truth, I am not afraid of you not giving in! What do you think? Want to try it again?”


 Fang Leng said through clenched teeth: “Old ghost, just kill us.”


 Fang Yun however shouted: “Don’t, don’t, I will contact the clan, okay?”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun looked at Fang Yun’s terror-stricken look and laughed: “You should have said so before, then you wouldn’t have to suffer so much pain. Do it quickly.”


 Fang Yun gave a miserable cry: “Senior Old Ghost, I am telling the truth, if you don’t loosen your chains a little, junior truly is unable to message the clan.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was furious: “Still making excuses!”


 He once again activated his methods, tormenting the two Fang clan Gu Immortals.


 After another while of torture, Fang Leng and Fang Yun could not endure it any longer, their bodies collapsed on the soul beast’s back like a pile of mud.


 “Have you thought it through?” Old Ghost Bai Jun sneered.


 Fang Leng did not utter a sound, while Fang Yun said: “Yes, yes. But I wonder if Senior Old Ghost has thought it through?”


 “Me? What do I have to think about?” Old Ghost Bai Jun asked in surprise.


 “Senior, we are Fang clan’s Gu Immortals. Senior is a lone cultivator, if you provoke Fang clan, your life will probably become turbulent, right? How about letting us go and getting on good terms with our Fang clan. Wouldn’t that be better?” Fang Yun smiled.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was immediately filled with anger: “Kid, you think I am afraid of your Fang clan? Hmph! If I were afraid of your Fang clan, would I have captured you for ransom?”


 “Senior is thinking of making a non-aggression pact with our Fang clan by doing this. Junior admits today’s matter is our fault, and we have offended senior. We have committed much offense, but please forgive us, senior.” Fang Yun spoke weakly.


 “Hmph, now you admit defeat, why did you find trouble with me repeatedly earlier? It is too late for that now!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s voice was firm, but was inwardly shaken.


 His intention was already guessed by the two Fang clan Gu Immortals, so it was going to be difficult to force them to give in.


 Fang Yun continued to persuade: “Senior can punish me, and I will accept the punishment. Actually, I have a lot of assets in the clan, so long as senior lets us go, we can immediately set a nonaggression agreement, we will take it as this matter did not happen and we will even heavily compensate senior. With this, we also don’t need to let the clan know of this scandalous matter as that would truly decrease our prestige in the clan.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun scoffed: “You think I was born yesterday? What prestige do you, Fang Yun, have in Fang clan? It is your senior brother Fang Leng who is a talent among rank sixes, and is a possible successor of Fang clan.”


 Fang Yun’s heart sank, he had not expected Old Ghost Bai Jun to have such detailed information on them.


 But he still continued: “Wouldn’t resolving this privately be better? If we escalate this, it might not have a good ending.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun shook his head: “No, what status do you two have? I will discuss with your Fang clan’s first supreme elder, and besides getting my compensation, you will not be allowed to take a single step in green ghost desert for the next few hundred years.”


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun’s expressions immediately changed.


 Fang Leng said: “Old Ghost Bai Jun, you are still after this green ghost desert? Your appetite is too big, be careful or your stomach might burst.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun laughed in a strange tone: “Although I have rank seven cultivation, I am close to rank eight.”


 Fang Leng shook his head: “So what? Do you dare to undergo the tribulation?”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun stroked his goatee: “Of course, I don’t. But, not daring now doesn’t mean I won’t dare in the future.”


 He hesitated before making up his mind.


 “Alright, let me destroy all your hopes, take a look at what Gu this is!”


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng immediately raised their heads to look at a ladybird like Gu in Old Ghost Bai Jun’s hand.


 This Gu was like sapphire, it was the size of small bowl, and its thick carapace was dotted with countless golden star specks. These golden star specks constantly twinkled with various lights, giving a dazzling sense to others.


 Fang Yun’s and Fang Leng’s minds shook fiercely, their eyes could not conceal their panic.


 Fang Leng’s eyes widened and he was speechless momentarily.


 “This is, this is a rank eight Immortal Gu!!” Fang Yun cried out in shock.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun said, pleased: “Let me teach you, this rank eight Immortal Gu’s name is Soul Beast Token, it can directly allow me to enslave soul beasts. Rank eight Soul Beast Token can enslave immemorial soul beasts and what it requires is not rank eight immortal essence. I can use it now! Do you understand what this means?”


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun looked at each other in shock.


 The meaning behind this was too big.


 With this rank eight Immortal Gu, Old Ghost Bai Jun could go about his plan slowly, he could control an immemorial soul beast, then use it to control a huge soul beast army and even control this whole green ghost desert.


 Green ghost desert had an inestimable number of soul beasts. This was a dangerous land to others, but it was a paradise to Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 “No wonder you have such an ambition, you want to grasp this place then use an immemorial soul beast to help you smoothly pass your tribulation and become a rank eight great expert!” Fang Leng’s voice turned hoarse.


 Fang Yun quickly spoke: “But our Fang clan is the nearest super clan to green ghost desert. As long as senior reaches an agreement with our Fang clan, you will have gained the safest cultivation environment.”


 “Indeed, it is good you know.” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s eyes flickered sharply: “Actually, I need to thank you two, you came at such a time. One is a direct great-grandson of Fang clan’s first supreme elder, while the other is the second supreme elder’s adopted son, although both of you are only rank six, you two have sufficient weight to be put into a negotiation.”


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun were silent.


 Fang Leng inwardly thought: “This Old Ghost Bai Jun is indeed a schemer. Everything is different now with this soul beast token Immortal Gu. With an immemorial soul beast beside him, Old Ghost Bai Jun will need to be treated as a quasi-rank eight existence. The clan needs to be very careful when dealing with him. More importantly, with us as captives, Old Ghost Bai Jun indeed has the best chips to talk terms! Sigh, if I knew this, I would not have listened to junior brother’s instigation to adventure here.”


 Just as he was thinking, Fang Leng suddenly heard Fang Yun’s shout.


 “Senior brother, look over there!” Fang Yun’s voice was filled with pleasant surprise.


 Fang Leng curiously looked over, seeing the dark clouds above green ghost desert covering the sunlight, but right now, a white cloud was slowly flying under the dense dark clouds, and was gradually nearing them.


 Fang Leng was slightly stumped as he suddenly recalled the conversation he had with Fang Yun before leaving.


 Fang Leng: “You have such big guts, you actually want to adventure in green ghost desert.”


 Fang Yun laughed: “Be at ease, senior brother, I had requested father to make deductions on this adventure. He had deduced that this trip will be threatening but not dangerous, we will meet a benefactor along the way and reap huge harvests.”


 Fang Leng frowned: “Not to mention that few people tread in green ghost desert, even if we meet someone else, how would you know if this person is the benefactor?”


 Fang Yun patted Fang Leng’s shoulder: “I had asked father, he said that the benefactor will come on a white cloud.”


 Fang Leng was dazed, before scoffing: “White cloud? Everyone knows, green ghost desert is shrouded by layers of dark clouds, how can there be white cloud?”


 Thinking of this conversation, Fang Leng looked at the white cloud and thought: “Could it be the benefactor as told by second supreme elder?”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun also stared at the white cloud with a gloomy expression: “This white cloud emits luck path aura, but it is not only luck path, clearly someone has used an immortal killer move. Who is it? Who owns such rare luck path methods?”



***
Chapter 1505 - Directly Attacking


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rumble...


 A vast soul beast army was moving in green ghost desert, raising dust clouds in their way.


 And ahead of the soul beast army was a white auspicious cloud flying gently.


 The white cloud was Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move spontaneous auspicious cloud, Fang Yuan had come to green ghost desert to only search for soul cores, and did not have any precise goals. So over these days, he let spontaneous auspicious cloud lead the way.


 The effect was pretty good, as he added some small scale soul beast groups.


 As a result, this soul beast army’s scale had enlarged further, the numbers were astonishing.


 “But this amount is already my limit.” Fang Yuan was riding a soul beast, his body moving slightly along with the soul beast’s movements.


 He felt some regret.


 All beings had big or small capabilities, there was some form of limit in terms of capabilities.


 Controlling so many soul beasts was Fang Yuan’s current upper limit, he could not control any more.


 On one hand, controlling these soul beasts depended on his soul foundation, which was at ninety million man soul. On the other hand, Fang Yuan had too few soul path Immortal Gu, they were rank seven Change Soul, and rank six Cleanse Soul.


 Change soul Immortal Gu had to be left as a trump card, because it was the core Immortal Gu of switch soul in dream killer move, and could not be used casually. While rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu was very useful, it was used by Fang Yuan in myriad self, as well as his own soul path cultivation. He was using it as a replacement now, and was just barely able to control these soul beasts, it was being used in many things simultaneously.


 In the case of cleanse soul Immortal Gu, it had a lot of different uses, Fang Yuan was able to do different things by raising just this one Gu. It was much better than raising change soul Immortal Gu.


 But like this, cleanse soul Immortal Gu could not handle many situations at the same time as a single Gu.


 “I need more soul path Immortal Gu, best would be rank seven ones.”


 Gu refinement was out of the question.


 Refining rank seven soul path Immortal Gu was indeed a tempting thought, but Fang Yuan was lacking resources and would not be able to bear the cost of large scale Gu refinement. After all, he had invested in many things in this recent period, and had also refined many Immortal Gu. And in terms of his earnings, there were few, only the dragonfish business was worth anticipating.


 “I have a lot of wisdom path Immortal Gu, I can use them as replacements. It is just that the killer moves would have to be modified. After returning to Lang Ya blessed land, I will use the light of wisdom to modify suitable killer moves.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm as he continued to plan.


 The Shadow Sect immortals were at the four corners of the beast group, commanding the soul beast army for Fang Yuan, while also scouting their surroundings.


 Green ghost desert had countless soul beasts, these soul beasts were an extremely desired resource for Fang Yuan.


 “My soul is at ninety million man soul currently, the soul cores harvested in this trip will be enough to advance me to hundred million man soul level.”


 “But even if I attain hundred million man soul, it is only midway in the soul cultivation records in Spectral Soul true inheritance, it is far from the peak.”


 Hundred million man soul was the limit of a human soul, after reaching this point, they had reached the peak and could not progress further.


 But this situation was before Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s period. When Red Lotus Demon Venerable broke fate Gu, this limit was also destroyed.


 The human soul could continue to advance, but no one found the way to advance. In fact, it was already amazing for someone to have a million man soul back then.


 When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable created soul path, he innovated new ideas with his soul path supreme grandmaster attainment level, and found the way to continue advancing beyond hundred million man soul.


 As stated by Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, above hundred million man soul was desolate soul!


 Hundred million man soul could solidify the human soul, and the soul could directly interfere with the real world and would not simply be an illusory body like before. But even so, hundred million man soul was still fragile.


 This was an inherent deficiency of humans.


 Man was the spirit of all living beings and had extremely high comprehension, but their physical bodies and souls were far inferior to other beings.


 However, once they cross hundred million man soul and step into desolate soul, just their soul alone would have the strength of a desolate level soul beast!


 Cultivating the desolate soul further until the limit, that would be hundred million desolate soul.


 This level was the peak of soul cultivation, and also the limit that the world could contain.


 Fang Yuan had personally witnessed this level before, it was that terrifying giant form of Spectral Soul’s main body. As recorded in Spectral Soul true inheritance, it was three headed thousand arms demon soul!


 Reaching this level meant possessing quasi-rank nine battle strength, the soul could directly resist calamities and tribulations, defying the heavens and stamping the earth, slaughtering deities and ghosts, shocking the world.


 So Fang Yuan had an extremely huge demand for guts Gu.


 The soul cores he obtained in this trip to green ghost desert could push him to hundred million man soul level, but what about later?


 If Fang Yuan wanted to cultivate his soul to the peak, he definitely required much more and an unceasing supply of soul cores.


 “The best scenario is to get control of this desert and become its owner.”


 Like many Gu Immortals did, controlling an area was to make the natural resources in the area into one’s own assets. Battle strength was required to accomplish this.


 With Fang Yuan’s current strength, he had the qualifications to occupy this region. Especially since this green ghost desert was an unowned land.


 But there was a problem in this.


 “Once I expose my identity and govern this area, it will be the same as asking Heavenly Court to attack me.”


 “Reverse flow protection seal cannot be disguised, and myriad dragon is also the same. Then I can only disguise my identity and use rank seven battle strength to fight for this place.”


 “After I get this place, I could arrange Ying Wu Xie to station here and let him command the soul beast army, supplying me with soul cores.”


 Among the people he had, Ying Wu Xie was the most suitable choice.


 “To do this, I need more soul path Immortal Gu and to also raise Ying Wu Xie’s soul foundation.”


 “The important point is Fang clan.”


 “This Western Desert super force is the nearest to green ghost desert. If I control this place, Fang clan would be my neighbor and is a barrier that I can’t get around.”


 Getting rid of Fang clan was not realistic.


 Fang Yuan’s current battle strength could fight rank eight, but winning against a rank eight great expert was difficult. Furthermore, Fang clan not only had a rank eight first supreme elder, this generation’s second supreme elder, Fang Di Chang, was a wisdom path great expert who had been renowned in Fang Yuan’s first life. Fang Di Chang had an extremely deep wisdom path attainment, possessing wisdom path great grandmaster attainment level, and was also marked in Shadow Sect’s information.


 So Fang Yuan only had one path before him.


 “Disguise as a lone cultivator, get close to the righteous path, then build a good relationship with Fang clan...”


 It was not easy to conspire for a resource area, there were many things to be considered. Fortunately, green ghost desert was rather special as most of the Western Desert Gu Immortals and clans lacked methods to develop it. This gave Fang Yuan the best opportunity possible.


 However, he did not know that he was not the only one who had an intention to occupy green ghost desert.


 “Hmm, there are people ahead?” Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed, his current investigative methods were no longer like before, he immediately sensed Old Ghost Bai Jun and the rest the moment they entered his investigative range.


 “Is the benefactor coming?” Fang Yun was inwardly going crazy with excitement.


 Fang Leng also had a look of anticipation.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun’s gaze was frosty, when he made out some details of the white cloud, he restrained himself and waited for the other side.


 Soon, the three Gu Immortals sensed the ground starting to softly tremor.


 Then they saw dust clouds surging on the horizon, as one soul beast after another appeared in their sight.


 A large amount of soul beasts appeared, causing the three immortals’ expression to change.


 And when the whole soul beast army was revealed, all three were shaken.


 “This!” Old Ghost Bai Jun lost his voice, he had thought his soul beast group was of a large enough scale, but now he discovered that he did not even hold a candle to Fang Yuan’s soul beast army.


 The Shadow Sect immortals had already entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, while Fang Yuan had changed into another appearance.


 He looked like a skinny middle-aged man, with long grey hair, a pair of black eyes which seemed to contain vicissitudes of life and ambition. His sight would make anyone feel like this person was absolutely a formidable person!


 Right now, Fang Yuan was dressed in a black robe, and his hands were clasped behind his back. He was standing proudly on the back of a soul beast while controlling the soul beast army, an awe-inspiring demonic aura lingering around him.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and the rest were shaken, and subconsciously held their breath.


 Fang Leng turned to look at Fang Yun, his gaze filled with doubts — why does your benefactor feel even more demonic than Old Ghost Bai Jun?


 Fang Yun rolled his eyes, his meaning was — you are asking me, but who should I ask? Perhaps he is the case of men cannot be judged by their looks, he could be of righteous path?


 Fang Yuan had used familiar face to disguise himself, so there was not even a little flaw.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was awed by Fang Yuan’s aura, he coughed, then clasped his hands in greeting: “Greetings, I wonder how I should address you?”


 Fang Yuan’s cold gaze swept past the three immortals, chilling their hearts. He did not reply, he only waved his hand.


 Roar—!


 The soul beast army started roaring and howling, their voices reverberating everywhere.


 Then, the large army, like a surging tide, charged towards Old Ghost Bai Jun’s group. Their momentum was like countless horses and soldiers running in the battlefield.


 As the saying went, a slightest disagreement of words could result in a fight. But Fang Yuan did not even speak a word, and instead straightforwardly made a move, his intense killing intent causing the three immortals’ hearts to sink.


 Fang Leng once again looked at Fang Yun, as if shouting: “Are you saying this is not a demon?! Now, your ‘benefactor’ is about to take our lives!”


 Fang Yun innocently looked at Fang Leng, as if replying: “Why blame me? I am innocent too!”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was stunned, before becoming furious.


 He thought: “I am trying peaceful measures so as to not to add troubles to master’s plan. I did not think this maniac would directly make a killing move without even any greeting! When did this maniac appear in Western Desert? He is simply disregarding me! Alright, I will let you know that not everyone can be so easily bullied!”


 At this thought, Old Ghost Bai Jun shouted and flew to the sky like a flash of lightning.


 “Come, let’s battle!” He opened his arms wide, his sleeves expanded like two black holes from where countless dark currents surged out.


 The dark currents moved towards Fang Yuan like black pythons.


 Fang Yuan pointed his finger.


 Wisdom path immortal killer move — Ignited Thought Flying Rock!


 Rumble!


 Using offense against offense, the dark currents resisted for a while but could not endure it any longer as they dispersed.


 The red meteorites’ power was decreased by half, but still continued to smash towards the ground, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s soul beast army cried miserably from the bombardment, many were killed instantly or heavily injured.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun’s pupils shrunk in fright: ‘”Such power!”


 “He is a wisdom path Gu Immortal?” Fang Leng was astonished.


 “Don’t kill me, we are Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, we are Old Ghost Bai Jun’s enemies and not friends!” Fang Yun shouted loudly.



***
Chapter 1506 - Soul Explosion!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fang clan’s Gu Immortals?” Fang Yuan’s ears twitched at Fang Yun’s shout.


 Although he had investigated that the relation between Fang Yun, Fang Leng, and Old Ghost Bai Jun seemed to be rather tense, Fang Yuan had not expected they were hostile towards each other, moreover Fang clan’s Gu Immortals seemed to be captives.


 The reason Fang Yuan immediately made a move was because he recognized Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 This person was a rank seven soul path Gu Immortal, by killing him, Fang Yuan could take the aperture to increase his sovereign immortal aperture’s resources and also increase his soul path dao marks. If he could be captured alive, Fang Yuan could give his body to Ying Wu Xie.


 After all, Ying Wu Xie was proficient in soul path methods but was using water path Gu Immortal Fairy Cui Bo’s body, which did not suit him and limited his capabilities.


 To disguise himself and make it more convenient to fight for green ghost desert while also hiding from Heavenly Court and other forces, Fang Yuan did not use his true appearance.


 Instantly, thoughts started moving like lightning in Fang Yuan’s mind before getting in order.


 “Looks like this spontaneous auspicious cloud is pretty good, I had just thought of communicating with Fang clan and building a good relationship, who could have thought it would send me such a good opportunity at the next moment!”


 “Of course, this is also because of my high luck.”


 Fang Yuan had used burning soul bursting luck before coming to green ghost desert. He did not ask Ying Wu Xie to use it, instead personally activating it. Although it expended a lot of his soul foundation, the current Fang Yuan could completely bear it.


 “Save the two Fang clan Gu Immortals and take this Old Ghost Bai Jun as a captive!” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened sharply.


 He had thought of killing them all, then annexing Old Ghost Bai Jun’s soul beast group.


 But now, he changed his plan.


 “Fang clan? Although I had never interacted with Fang clan, it has some credit in regards to my current cultivation level. Oh well, since you encountered me, I shall save you and repay the kindness.” Fang Yuan spoke, although his voice was cold, Fang Leng and Fang Yun felt joyous.


 Fang Yun’s eyes opened wide, his lips parted in a green, as he repeatedly raised his brows at Fang Leng, as if saying: “Look, he is indeed the benefactor!”


 Fang Leng ignored him, as he looked at Fang Yuan and Old Ghost Bai Jun, frowning.


 He thought: “This Gu Immortal’s origin is mysterious, there is no such person in my memories. If he really wanted to save us, he should have hidden his intention and saved us later. But he intentionally mentioned it, why? Either he does not want to save us and is only intentionally saying it to attract Old Ghost Bai Jun’s attention. Or, he truly wants to save us, but his nature is aloof and has complete confidence in himself; he has absolute assurance that he can save us even if he informs the enemy of his intention!”


 “You want to save them from me, it will not be easy!” Old Ghost Bai Jun was furious at Fang Yuan’s words, a powerful aura burst out from his body as it brushed aside the ignited thought flying rocks and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 “Commendable courage, but poor foresight.” Fang Yuan sneered, as he flew to the sky and pointed his finger.


 In an instant, dozens of strange lights shot at Old Ghost Bai Jun, turning him into a sieve of holes.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun did not let out any blood, instead his body gradually turned into nothingness.


 “Hahaha, you fell right into my trap!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s true body appeared at another direction. He had used an illusion to lure Fang Yuan’s attention, while his true body was hidden.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun did not choose to sneak attack Fang Yuan, instead he approached Fang Leng and Fang Yun.


 Didn’t Fang Yuan say he would save these two? Old Ghost Bai Jun immediately had an idea to use these two as shields.


 This was the first time Old Ghost Bai Jun had seen Fang Yuan, but through the exchange earlier as well as the size of Fang Yuan’s soul beast army, Old Ghost Bai Jun knew Fang Yuan was powerful, and he was not Fang Yuan’s match in a head-on fight.


 So he wanted to use Fang Leng and Fang Yun to threaten Fang Yuan, who wanted to save them.


 “Crap!” Looking at Old Ghost Bai Jun approaching them rapidly, Fang Yun shouted in dismay.


 But right at this moment, a figure appeared before the two immortals from the thin air.


 It was the transformed Fang Yuan!


 “Old Ghost Bai Jun, who is the one who has fallen into a trap?” The corners of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly rose to reveal a demonic smile.


 “Oh no!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind jolted fiercely as he realized he had fallen into the enemy’s trap, and quickly tried to escape.


 But it was already too late.


 About ten soul beasts suddenly appeared in the air, surrounding Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 “Detonate.” Fang Yuan commanded with a thought.


 Boom boom boom!


 The soul beasts self-detonated, the terrifying power of the detonation shocking Fang Leng and Fang Yun.


 The air wave that rose from the explosion, formed into a shock wave which spread in all directions.


 Dust clouds rose everywhere in the desert, the dark clouds in the sky billowed outwards.


 Fang Yuan had intended to use wisdom path methods to capture Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 But soon after, he thought about the fact that the wisdom path method originated from Purple Mountain True Monarch. The ignited thought flying rock he had used earlier could be hidden. After Fang Yuan had modified this move, its effect had changed a lot. But if he used other wisdom path methods, it was very likely to be found out by others.


 So Fang Yuan gave up wisdom path and used soul path.


 His soul path methods were slightly inferior to wisdom path. After all, he only had a few soul path Immortal Gu.


 But among them was a soul explosion method, which was an action of mutual destruction and had terrifying might.


 Back when Qin Bai Sheng had first fought Feng Jiu Ge, Qin Bai Sheng had yet to recover his original memories and was not Feng Jiu Ge’s match. But Feng Jiu Ge was wary of his soul explosion method and did not deal any fatal blows, letting Qin Bai Sheng go.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge was wary of soul explosion, Fang Yuan naturally had to grasp this method.


 But he would not explode his own soul, at most it would only be for burning soul bursting luck. However, he could use soul beasts, these soul beasts’ soul explosions was a little impure and even their soul cores would be destroyed, but the resulting power was truly impressive.


 “Cough cough!”


 Dust clouds dissipated, Old Ghost Bai Jun was floating in the air; the greater part of his body was gone, his limbs were destroyed with only his left arm remaining, and he looked like he was at the end of his life.


 “He is still alive?” Fang Leng exclaimed in surprise.


 Fang Yuan sneered, it was good he was alive, he could be captured and his body could be given to Ying Wu Xie.


 “But, I can’t do that in front of the Fang clan Gu Immortals.” All kinds of thoughts jumped around in Fang Yuan’s mind. The sovereign immortal body had ample aid to the mind to begin with, now that Fang Yuan had both wisdom path attainment and methods, any issue was clearly and properly analyzed.


 Fang Yuan said: “You have some skills in soul cultivation. You are still alive after falling into my trap. Forget it. I, Suan Bu Jin, have a rule, that is to not take things too far and always leave room for peace, since you are still alive, then go. I won’t make a move today, now scram.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was panting and his face was pale, he fiercely stared at Fang Yuan.


 He had regretted it the moment the soul beasts appeared and surrounded him.


 The enemy clearly emitted wisdom path aura, why did he think of playing tricks with such a person? Even if he wanted to plot, he should have planned carefully.


 The soul beasts’ self-detonation was out of his expectations.


 At that instant, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind was completely blank, with just one thought, that was to defend and preserve his life.


 After the explosion, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not even think of the intense pain and only felt extreme joy at being alive.


 But after the joy came fear and anger.


 He had almost died!


 His chest was filled with the fire of this anger, as well as fear towards Fang Yuan’s schemes and methods.


 “Either you die or I die!” With such a thought, Old Ghost Bai Jun was just about to use rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, but Fang Yuan actually let him go.


 According to Fang Yuan’s nature, he would always wipe out and eradicate the nine generations of his enemies, but today’s situation was somewhat special, Fang Yuan was trying to obtain Old Ghost Bai Jun’s body and was also mindful of Fang clan, so he chose to let Old Ghost Bai Jun go for the moment.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun had been afraid and furious, feeling that he only had a chance of survival if he fought to the end, but he had never expected Fang Yuan to actually spare him!


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was immediately confused.


 “Is he deceiving me to lower my fighting spirit and make me let go of my vigilance?” Old Ghost Bai Jun had been tricked by Fang Yuan once, so he doubted everything now.


 Fang Yuan looked at his expression and knew what he was thinking: “You are still here! I already gave you a chance, are you really looking for your death? Hmph.”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun forgot his rage, he just stared at Fang Yuan.


 At the side, Fang Leng and Fang Yun who were collapsed on the back of the soul beast were also looking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was standing tall like a spear on the back of the soul beast, his hands were clasped behind his back, and his gaze was like cold lightning that arrogantly looked down on the world. He showed absolute confidence that even if he let his enemy go, he would not be afraid of the troubles the enemy might bring him!


 Fang Leng lowered his eyes and thought: “This person is full of demonic aura, he is confident and arrogant, but has a bottom line and principle. So he is this kind of person, only such a person could take the initiative to expose his intention of saving us.”


 Fang Yun, however, was watching with a stupefied expression.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun slowly narrowed his eyes which flickered with a gloomy light.


 Although his injuries were severe, most of his strength still remained, especially when he still had a huge trump card remaining – rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token!


 But there was a huge price to pay to activate this Gu, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not want to use it lightly. Just now, he wanted to activate it disregarding the costs to have a chance at survival, but Fang Yuan instead let him go.


 “No matter if he is truly letting me go, I need to try to escape first and see what he will do.”


 “If he is just pretending, I will just turn back and stake my life against him. If he is truly letting me go, then I will just escape!”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was extremely wary towards Fang Yuan.


 Even if he activated the rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not have confidence to win against Fang Yuan. And it was also because he had another concern — what if he revealed he had a rank eight Immortal Gu, making Fang Yuan change his mind and attack him to seize the Gu?


 All kinds of thoughts lingered in Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind, before he scoffed and left.


 He was quite fast, his broken body was like a loose arrow that quickly flew into the dark clouds and disappeared from the immortals’ sights.


 “Benefactor, you are truly letting him go? He has a rank eight Immortal Gu!” Fang Yun was dazed for a while before crying out in shock.



***
Chapter 1507 - Qing Clan’s Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh? There was such a thing. Looks like he had a fortuitous encounter. But since I already said it, I will let him go, do you want me to go against my own words?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly as he looked at Fang Yun and Fang Leng with a sharp and cold gaze.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng looked at each other, feeling Fang Yuan’s sharp gaze piercing into their hearts. He quickly looked away, not daring to meet Fang Yuan’s gaze.


 At the same time, he exclaimed inwardly: “This benefactor is so domineering, he is really not easy to interact with.”


 On the contrary, Fang Leng’s mind calmed: “Good, this person is a man of his word, even with such a huge temptation like a rank eight Immortal Gu in front of him, he still stands by his words, he can be said to be extremely conceited. But only like this can the two of us have a chance of survival.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Leng struggled to get up: “I am Fang Leng and this is my junior brother Fang Yun, we thank senior for saving us.”


 “Mm.” Fang Yuan lightly nodded, before suddenly stretching out his hands.


 A formless force burst out, sucking both Fang Leng and Fang Yun to Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang Leng’s heart jumped but he restrained himself, while Fang Yun cried out in shock and panic.


 But shortly, when the two saw that Fang Yuan was getting rid of their shackles, they put their minds at ease.


 To Fang Yuan, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s methods were not anything novel. He soon saw through it completely, then started removing it.


 A move that could bind Fang Yun and Fang Leng was naturally an immortal method, but Fang Yuan had a killer move like ‘purple thought perception starlight’ and was able to easily get rid of it.


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun soon regained their freedom.


 The two gave thanks once again, but their minds were fluctuating as they thought: “This person is so domineering, although he saved us, he never asked us our opinions and immediately made a move.”


 They could hardly imagine this was all done intentionally by Fang Yuan. He succeeded in ingraining a self-conceited and domineering image in these two Fang clan Gu Immortals’ minds.


 “You can address me as Suan Bu Jin.” Fang Yuan said, introducing himself.


 But with his second sentence, Fang Yuan drove them off: “I mainly cultivate wisdom path, and have inherited Zheng Jing Shen’s inheritance which is why I saved you two. You can leave now.”


 “Ah?” Fang Yun was dazed.


 “Junior shall deeply remember senior’s kindness, and will report it to the clan. Senior, will you remain in green ghost desert?” Fang Leng pulled Fang Yun’s sleeve, then respectfully inquired.


 “I have a use for these soul beasts, I saved you two not for any benefits, go now.” Fang Yuan waved his hand coldly, his gaze revealing a trace of impatience.


 Fang Leng and Fang Yun did not dare to disturb him again. Both bowed in respect before flying away.


 After a while, the two had disappeared over the horizon.


 “I did not expect Old Ghost Bai Jun to have a rank eight Immortal Gu. I wonder what Gu it is, how did those two Fang clan Gu Immortals know of it, did Old Ghost Bai Jun use the Gu in front of them?” Fang Yuan pondered.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun only had rank seven cultivation but could use rank eight Immortal Gu, this signified he had some special method, or this rank eight Immortal Gu was a top-tier Gu like attitude Gu.


 Regardless of the reason, Fang Yuan was moved.


 “But...”


 “There is no hurry to find trouble with Old Ghost Bai Jun.”


 Fang Yuan slightly drooped his eyebrows as he had a sensation in his mind which showed Old Ghost Bai Jun’s location.


 With his cautious nature, Fang Yuan had already planted an investigative method on Old Ghost Bai Jun the moment he made a move. Although Fang Yuan let Old Ghost Bai Jun go, he actually had a firm grasp on the latter’s whereabouts.


 In the past, Fang Yuan did not have such methods. But recently, he had whole-heartedly immersed himself in cultivation, he had a lot more methods than before.


 “Senior brother, do you think that benefactor knew Old Ghost Bai Jun had a rank eight Immortal Gu, so he wanted to save us quickly before going after Old Ghost Bai Jun?” While flying, Fang Yun suddenly asked.


 Fang Leng thought for a moment before shaking his head: “With my understanding of Senior Suan Bu Jin, that should not be the case.”


 Fang Yun could not hold back his laughter: “From your words, you sound like you are familiar with senior. Aren’t you the same as me, meeting senior for the first time before being driven away?”


 Fang Leng glanced at Fang Yun: “The rank eight Immortal Gu is indeed a huge matter, but this senior is extremely proud and aloof by nature. I am probably not wrong in this. Furthermore, we did not specifically inform him of what that rank eight Immortal Gu was. If senior truly wanted to go capture Old Ghost Bai Jun, wouldn’t he have asked us about what this rank eight Immortal Gu is and what its ability is?”


 Fang Yun smacked his forehead: “Your analysis makes sense, looks like senior really is not going to hunt Old Ghost Bai Jun. Sigh! That Old Ghost Bai Jun tormented us so badly, I was hoping senior would put him in his place.”


 Fang Leng shook his head: “That rank eight Immortal Gu soul beast token can command soul beasts. If senior led his soul beast army to fight, he would probably suffer huge losses. We should first return and inform the clan, let the other supreme elders decide.”


 Green ghost desert was near Fang clan’s territory. After flying for a while, Fang Yun and Fang Leng arrived before an immortal formation.


 Using this immortal formation, they teleported a long distance, arriving directly at the clan’s headquarters.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng bade farewell. Fang Leng went to report to first supreme elder, while Fang Yun went to report this to second supreme elder Fang Di Chang.


 Fang clan’s affairs were basically decided by first supreme elder and second supreme elder.


 After hearing of this matter, the two elders first placated Fang Leng and Fang Yun, before meeting to discuss this matter.


 Second supreme elder asked: “Does first supreme elder know of Zheng Jing Shen?”


 First supreme elder slightly nodded: “This person was a legendary lone cultivator tens of thousands of years ago, and had quite some relation with our Fang clan. In his earlier years of cultivation, he had received financial support from our clan, and he even had a love affair with a clan ancestor. Unfortunately, the ancestor died in a battle and Zheng Jing Shen did not join Fang clan.”


 Second supreme elder immediately came to a realization.


 Although super forces paid heavy importance to familial relations and bloodline, they would often take in new blood. Especially if they discover some Gu Immortal seeds, these super forces would often support these seeds with resources.


 If these people truly became Gu Immortals, the super force would then recruit them as their members.


 Naturally, such situations were rare.


 On one hand, they were only giving casual support in the first place as the probability of a mortal becoming an immortal was tiny.


 On the other hand, even if they became a Gu Immortal, most of them were geniuses and elites with their own plans, they might not be willing to join a super force.


 But even if these people did not want to join, the kindness of the past was enough to build a close relationship.


 Just by being able to draw lone immortals to their side, all the previous investment the super force made would be worth it.


 Zheng Jing Shen was a remarkable example of this, if not for the accident, he would have joined Fang clan.


 Naturally, he would have to marry into Fang clan.


 His children would also be surnamed Fang.


 “Zheng Jing Shen’s matter is rather concealed, many are not even aware of him. This Suan Bu Jin is probably not lying.” First supreme elder added.


 Second supreme elder slightly frowned: “Nothing can be said before the matter is verified. There is also the possibility of him teaming up with Old Ghost Bai Jun.”


 First supreme elder’s gaze turned heavy: “If that is truly the case, then Suan Bu Jin probably collaborated with Old Ghost Bai Jun to get close to my Fang clan for Qing clan’s legacy.”


 Fang Yuan of course had his scheme by intentionally showing goodwill and saving the two Fang clan Gu Immortals.


 But in the discussion between the two Fang clan supreme elders, they had instead grouped him together with Old Ghost Bai Jun and even mentioned Qing clan.


 This Qing clan was also a super force, but a long exterminated one.


 The one who slaughtered the entire Qing clan was none other than the young Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable became a venerable, because of a certain irreconcilable conflict, he fought against the entirety of Qing clan alone.


 If Qing clan had known Spectral Soul would become a venerable in the future, they would definitely not dare to go against such a person. Unfortunately, Qing clan belittled Spectral Soul because of their superiority in numbers and assets.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable grew up step by step, fighting again and again, getting stronger the more he battled. In the end, he arrived at Qing clan’s headquarters and fought an intense battle, slaughtering the entirety of Qing clan. Many Qing clan Gu Immortals perished in the battle. The dao marks of Spectral Soul’s killer moves, the Gu Immortals’ corpses, and the dao marks from the destruction of immortal apertures were all engraved on the battlefield which became the current green ghost desert.


 It was called ‘green1 ghost’, because it referenced ‘Qing clan’, the former super force.


 Although Qing clan was exterminated, it was rumored that Qing clan’s first supreme elder, before his death, sealed all the clan resources and buried them in a certain location in green ghost desert, leaving behind an inheritance.


 There was only one condition to inherit this inheritance, it was that the inheritor must take revenge for Qing clan by killing Spectral Soul! If Spectral Soul was already dead, then the target of revenge moved to Spectral Soul’s family, friends, and disciples.


 Regretfully, Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, the whole world was not his opponent, and that era groveled at his feet. Qing clan’s inheritance became a joke.


 Fang clan was the nearest super force to green ghost desert, and thus was much more informed. When Qing clan was exterminated, Fang clan’s ancestors began to actively search for the clues to Qing clan’s inheritance.


 After generations of effort, the fragmented clues were pieced together, becoming increasingly valuable.


 Now, in this generation, the clues were already completed, and with a vague responsive method, the clan had begun searching green ghost desert.


 First supreme elder sighed: “We don’t have enough strength to control green ghost desert, not to mention that we have no methods to restrict soul beasts, the number of Gu Immortals we can mobilize is also few. If not for this, we would have no need to let Fang Leng and Fang Yun take the risk. Who could have expected their adventure would involve people like Old Ghost Bai Jun and Suan Bu Jin.”


 “I have heard of Old Ghost Bai Jun, and he actually has the rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token! And that Suan Bu Jin’s appearance is too sudden, his origin is covered in mystery and he has powerful methods. Regardless of what the relationship of these two is, they are obstacles that our Fang clan needs to go through to search for Qing clan’s inheritance.”


 Second supreme elder nodded.


 Fang clan had many assets and networks, their Gu Immortals needed to defend the territories. But Qing clan’s inheritance was tempting, especially when the clues mentioned that Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, which was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and left in Western Desert! Its value was extremely high and left behind a heavy mark in history.


 Fang clan was famous for its Gu houses, Divine Bean Palace had a high importance to them. Their resolve to explore Qing clan’s inheritance and obtain Divine Bean Palace was not a matter of a generation or two, but was carried by generations after generations!



***
Chapter 1508 - Divine Bean Palace


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Green ghost desert.


 A battered figure was flying past the surface of the desert.


 “Suan Bu Jin! You actually did not chase me, such arrogance! Hmph, I will settle this debt with you sooner or later!!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s expression was distorted and furious as he thought of Fang Yuan.


 Three of his limbs had been destroyed in the soul explosion, but they were already recovered now.


 It was clear that Old Ghost Bai Jun had powerful healing methods.


 Suddenly, his body shook as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun’s face was once again filled with hatred, as he said through clenched teeth: “My soul beasts, it was not easy to gather them, but now they have all been killed. Damn it! The loss this time is too huge, more importantly, the timing is delayed now, what will I do if master blames me?”


 At the thought of his master, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s body shook involuntarily as fear and panic surged in his heart.


 “No, I did not handle the matters properly this time, I will definitely be severely punished by master. What to do? No, I can’t let master know. I better conceal this and report after I accumulate another group of soul beasts.”


 “Sigh, although I am tight on time, as long as I disregard the costs and activate soul beast token, what soul beasts can’t I enslave?”


 Just as he was thinking this, a female figure suddenly appeared in front of Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 “It is you, Eagle Concubine! Why are you here?” Old Ghost Bai Jun immediately panicked when he saw this person.


 Eagle Concubine was dressed in a tight black clothing, perfectly displaying her seductive figure. Her face was pale white, as if she had never seen sunlight, not only was there no rosiness, her eyes even shone with a gloomy light.


 She sneered: “Old geezer, you still don’t understand why I came? You have spoiled master’s plan, returning in defeat, master has specially ordered me to bring you back for questioning!”


 “What?!” Old Ghost Bai Jun trembled, shock and fear clouding his face.


 Sweat dripped down his forehead: “How did master know?”


 Eagle Concubine sneered: “You think master handed you a rank eight Immortal Gu without any monitoring means? You are really underestimating master.”


 “How could I dare to underestimate master! Hmph, Eagle Concubine, don’t try to drive a wedge between us!” Old Ghost Bai Jun shouted furiously, “Yes, I admit I didn’t handle things properly this time and caused a setback to master’s plan. But I will make up for it, there is still time, I can definitely give master a satisfying answer.”


 Eagle Concubine shook her head: “You still want to make up for your mistake? Hmph, you already have no opportunity. You think I am deceiving you? It was truly master who ordered me to take you back.”


 “Master personally gave the command?” Old Ghost Bai Jun was deathly pale, as he cautiously asked with a trace of hope.


 Eagle Concubine nodded: “You can forget about it, how could I deceive you in this matter? Let’s go, don’t make me take action, you know master’s divine might, just return with me obediently.”


 “Okay, I will return with you.” Old Ghost Bai Jun gave a sad smile as he became dispirited. He did not have any thoughts of rebelling against his master.


 The two immortals set off, and after traveling an immense distance, they entered a quicksand pit.


 After entering the sandpit, they continued to move down for close to a thousand li before they entered a mysterious space filled with green lights.


 The two immortals used their methods familiarly, the green lights immediately changed and a golden staircase appeared from the lights.


 In the green lights, the two could not fly, and had to move up the stairs step by step.


 After walking nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine steps, the two arrived in front of a palace door.


 This palace was lofty like a mountain, liveliness mixed in its solemnity, its green bricks and golden tiles emitted dense fragrance of plants and trees.


 And carved on the plaque on the palace door were three large words — Divine Bean Palace!


 It was the Immortal Gu House of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable that Fang clan had been conspiring to obtain for generations after generations!


 The two immortals did not dare to open the door, instead kneeling on the ground, kowtowing with incomparable respect.


 The palace door slowly started opening, revealing an extremely spacious hall.


 There were dozens of large pillars in the hall, they were thick and sturdy, glittering with bronze radiance.


 An enormous soul beast was lying inside the hall, it had a tortoise shell, four tiger paws, dragon tail, snake neck, and a human head.


 Seeing this monster, the two Gu Immortals hurriedly bowed and paid respects: “Bai Jun (Eagle Concubine) greets master.”


 Eagle Concubine was very respectful, while Old Ghost Bai Jun’s face was dripping with sweat as his body shook in fear.


 That soul beast with disheveled hair had a ferocious expression as it let out an angry howl while staring at Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun had never seen his master so furious, he plopped down to the ground and shouted: “Master, please spare me, please spare me!”


 But the soul beast paid no heed to his plea, it raised its huge right paw and suddenly grabbed Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun’s expression distorted from fright: “Master, master, please listen to me, soul beast token Immortal Gu is still with me, I did not lose it. This failure was my mistake, but please give this servant a chance to redeem himself!!”


 “This smell, it is him! Right, it is him!!” The soul beast sensed with closed eyes, before suddenly opening its bloodshot eyes.


 That long snake neck was stretched out like a pillar due to anger, the scales on it were emitting cold-eerie light.


 The hall rang with the soul beast’s shout.


 Eagle Concubine’s face turned pale as she keenly sensed the anger and hatred contained within this shout.


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable... the enemy who eliminated my clan, I finally have caught you. Although you are dead, there is no mistake with this scent, it is your inheritor or descendant. Hehehe, hahaha!” The soul beast began to laugh madly.


 The crazed laughter shook the air, forming airwaves that struck the hall repeatedly.


 Eagle Concubine had to retreat repeatedly, this laughter shook her very soul.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun, who was held by the tiger claws, was even more shocked, his eyes rolling up. But he could already sense that his master did not bring him back to punish him, it was because of that Suan Bu Jin, who seemed to have a connection to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Suddenly, the whole of Divine Bean Palace erupted with glaring rays of green light.


 The green rays pierced through the soul beast’s body like countless sharp arrows.


 The soul beast’s crazed laughter stopped abruptly, as it gave a muffled groan: “This damned Divine Bean Palace!!”


 It roared in agitation, and was about to go berserk.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun was afraid he would be crushed to death in a moment of carelessness, he quickly shouted: “Master, please calm your raging anger. Please take good care of yourself, taking care of your body is most important!”


 The soul beast was persuaded, gradually calming down and mumbled: “Your words are correct, I need to take care of my body. I am going to kill all the inheritors and descendants of Spectral Soul, to take revenge for the hatred from back then!”


 At the same time, Heavenly Court.


 Countless halls shone with dazzling white light.


 Suddenly, green aurora lights shone in the pure white sky.


 The aurora lights lasted for a moment before gradually dissipating.


 “Heavenly Court’s atmospheric changes are never a small matter, this seems to involve Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.” Fairy Zi Wei was in Heavenly Court, she quickly made deductions when she saw this unusual phenomenon.


 After a while, she opened her eyes which had a trace of joy: “So it was Divine Bean Palace, which was put in Western Desert by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. This Divine Bean Palace is a rank eight Immortal Gu House and has outstanding might. It is about to appear in the world, we can’t let it fall into Western Desert’s hands.”


 Fairy Zi Wei slowly closed her eyelids and continued to deduce.


 After obtaining the results, she called a Gu Immortal of Central Continent.


 This rank eight Gu Immortal was dressed in a green robe, emitting an aura of a scholar. From his appearance, he looked young, but his eyes were deep and wise, he was already some thousands of years old.


 “Chen Yi, you are the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Divine Bean Palace is making an appearance in Western Desert, follow my plan and go subdue it.” Fairy Zi Wei instructed.


 “Okay.” Chen Yi bowed slightly with no changes in his expression.


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “Do this and you can resign from your position to enter Heavenly Court.”


 Chen Yi was slightly moved, revealing a trace of joy. He once again bowed, and said in a clear voice: “Then, I shall thank Lady Zi Wei.”


 Several days later, Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan’s soul left his body.


 He moved the soul and grasped a handful of sand!


 “From phantom to solid, interfering with the material world, haha, I have finally reached hundred million man soul!” Fang Yuan was inwardly jubilant.



***
Chapter 1509 - Third Entry to Thieving Heaven’s dream realm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan sighed, he had finally reached hundred million man soul after several setbacks.


 “Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley are indeed the sacred lands of soul cultivation, and adding in the world’s top soul cultivation techniques written in Spectral Soul true inheritance, my soul foundation has soared rapidly.”


 “But... I am only at one hundred million man soul, I will need to continue to accumulate further, two hundred million, three hundred million, four hundred million... until nine hundred million.”


 After nine hundred million was not one billion, but was a breakthrough to desolate soul. After attaining desolate soul, Fang Yuan’s soul would have the strength of a desolate level soul beast.


 Although Fang Yuan’s current strength could easily play around with desolate beasts, being able to fight them with just his soul would be a qualitative transformation!


 After all, a human’s soul was inherently weaker than other lifeforms. Being able to make up for this weakness afterwards and even surpass them, that showed the power of Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan did not return after getting one hundred million man soul, but continued to stay to capture soul beasts.


 After knowing Old Ghost Bai Jun and Fang clan, Fang Yuan no longer intended to find an immemorial soul beast. He was not afraid of such an existence, but if it really came to a fight, not only would his soul beast army suffer huge losses, his main methods would also emerge.


 Once his trump card killer moves like reverse flow protection seal and myriad dragon were exposed, it would mean Fang Yuan’s identity would also be revealed.


 There were many immemorial soul beasts in green ghost desert. But under the lead of spontaneous auspicious cloud, Fang Yuan did not encounter any of them.


 “Of course it is not only because of spontaneous auspicious cloud, but also because my own luck is being maintained in a powerful state. So my recent endeavors have all been smooth sailing, somewhat like getting everything I want.” Fang Yuan was aware of the reason.


 Fang Yuan continued to stay in green ghost desert, he did not even have to make a move and could just make his soul beast army fight.


 If he encountered soul beasts, he would command his soul beast army to charge at them, he would take out the soul cores of the dead ones, while adding in the remaining captives to replenish any losses.


 Besides, Fang Yuan did not have to spend anything to control the soul beasts other than mental energy and immortal essence. And it also had an extremely high return.


 When Gu Immortals did things, they would consider investment and returns. Fang Yuan was deeply aware of this, and would always take advantage of it.


 This method of hunting soul beasts could exert his abilities to the limit, he could optimize his gains.


 Like this, dozens of days passed, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had increased to two hundred million! His soul was even more solid and lifelike, his four limbs became even tougher, much superior to the previous one hundred million man soul.


 In this period, whether it be Fang clan, Old Ghost Bai Jun, or immemorial soul beasts, none appeared.


 Fang Yuan went through this period peacefully.


 Speaking of Old Ghost Bai Jun, Fang Yuan wanted to seize his rank eight Immortal Gu. But when he used his wisdom path methods to deduce, he found that it still was not the time for it, and there were even a lot of risks in trying to do so now. Furthermore, with Fang clan staying at the side, Fang Yuan did not make a move, even though he knew Old Ghost Bai Jun’s location.


 “Two hundred million man soul should be enough to explore the third stage of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, right?” Fang Yuan was impatient to return.


 He stored the soul beast army in his sovereign immortal aperture, and concealed his tracks before quietly leaving green ghost desert.


 After spending some time hurrying back, he arrived in front of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm once again.


 Tang Fang Ming quickly came to welcome him.


 His gaze towards Fang Yuan was filled with respect.


 Over the period when Fang Yuan left, he had made great progress in exploring the dream realm because of Fang Yuan’s guidance, gaining huge harvests.


 After greeting Tang Fang Ming, Fang Yuan followed the previous arrangements, he let out the Shadow Sect immortals to control the immortal formation, before entering Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 The surroundings suddenly changed.


 An oasis in the desert.


 Fang Yuan was once again an observer.


 “It is this place, it is this place!” Sha Xiao’s voice was trembling from excitement.


 In the previous two stages: Thieving Heaven was banished by the clan, encountered Sha Xiao, refined rank two sneak attack Gu, became the champion of the small competition, and came to the clan’s important area, which was the pool in the center of the oasis to choose Gu worms as the reward for winning the competition.


 Sha Xiao naturally had arranged investigative methods on young Thieving Heaven’s body, right now, he sensed an inexplicable aura from near the pool and knew he had found the place.


 However, Young Thieving Heaven’s heart sank, Sha Xiao getting his wish was not something he wanted to see.


 “Quick, throw that sheepskin map into the pool!” Sha Xiao commanded Young Thieving Heaven with a clear impatience.


 Young Thieving Heaven was extremely doubtful: “Didn’t you take my sheepskin map? How would I have it?”


 Sha Xiao laughed darkly: “I have already made all the preparations, I have stitched that sheepskin map in your clothes. My good grandson, you only need to take off that piece of clothing and throw it to the pool!”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s heart sank further, as he thought inwardly: “This Sha Xiao is a scheming demon, he definitely has a huge plot in throwing that mysterious sheepskin map to the pool. How can I do a thing like helping him commit a crime? Although the clan banished me before, they have after all shown me kindness by raising me for many years. I cannot repay this kindness with ill-intent!”


 “Quick, grandson, throw that clothing into the pool.” Sha Xiao shouted: “Don’t forget that my method is still marked in your body, if you don’t do it, I will make sure you die a painful death.”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s pupils immediately shrunk at the threat of death.


 He thought of his family and returning home, falling into deep hesitation.


 If he did not follow Sha Xiao’s words now, he probably was going to truly die. His wish of returning home and reuniting with his family would just become wild wishes.


 “Do I give up my moral conduct to return home? No, I can’t do this. Sha Xiao might be incomparably strong, but I still have hope, I will fight to the end and will never lower my head to evil! I won’t let down my, Ben Jie Sun’s, name!”


 Young Thieving Heaven’s eyes shined brightly.


 “Grandpa, this timing might not be suitable. I have yet to choose the Gu, the clan’s Gu Masters are observing me from the side. If I rashly throw my clothes into the pool, it will be intercepted by the guards before it can even land in the pool. This pool is our clan’s most important water source after all.” Young Thieving Heaven inwardly said to Sha Xiao.


 Sha Xiao was stunned for a moment, before slowly speaking: “I was impatient grandson, you are right. But you must find an opportunity when others are unaware and finish this task. If you cannot accomplish it, you can go die! If you can complete it, hehe, grandpa will give you unimaginable benefits!”


 Sha Xiao threatened as well as enticed, young Thieving Heaven quickly agreed but was not even a little moved inwardly.


 The clan’s Gu Masters led young Thieving Heaven to the underground cavern: “You are the winner of the competition, go choose your Gu. Remember, you only have fifteen minutes.”


 Young Thieving Heaven thanked them and walked into the cavern. There were countless square holes in the walls.


 The square holes were of all sizes, most of them containing Gu worms.


 These rank one Gu worms were of all kinds and shapes, dazzling young Thieving Heaven.


 He inwardly exclaimed: “Although I heard there were countless Gu worms in the world, now that I am personally seeing the storage of the clan, I am truly sensing how magical this world is!”


 “Eh? There is a door there?”


 Young Thieving Heaven pushed open the small door and entered another underground cavern.


 This small cavern’s size was only about one-third of the previous cavern. There were similar square holes carved in the walls, but the Gu worms in the holes were rank two.


 Young Thieving Heaven sighed in his mind as he looked at the Gu worms: “Oh! I have no one to guide me, I simply don’t know what Gu worm is better and suits me. Also, that demon Sha Xiao is plotting a huge scheme, what should I do? Ask for help from the clan?”


 Young Thieving Heaven shook his head repeatedly in worry.


 Sha Xiao had investigative methods which could sense matters around young Thieving Heaven, the moment young Thieving Heaven revealed the secret, he would immediately be killed by Sha Xiao.


 “Hmm?” Young Thieving Heaven’s expression suddenly changed into that of surprise.


 Then, like the person had changed, he began to move around his arms and legs, adapting to the body.


 “I am once again in control of young Thieving Heaven’s body, but I have some leisure time now unlike the previous urgent situations.” Fang Yuan was once again in charge of young Thieving Heaven’s actions.


 “So I have to resolve young Thieving Heaven’s issue again?” Fang Yuan mumbled.


 “How to deal with Sha Xiao? From my conjecture, this demon’s cultivation is at least rank four, rank five is also very likely.” Fang Yuan scanned his surroundings, looking at the large numbers of Gu worms: “It seems the breakthrough for this difficulty lies in the Gu worms here.”


 Young Thieving Heaven did not recognize these Gu worms, but Fang Yuan had broad experience and vast knowledge. He knew almost all of these Gu worms, even if there were some which he did not recognize, he could roughly guess them through various checks.


 “Also, even though Sha Xiao has investigative methods, they clearly stopped working when young Thieving Heaven entered the underground cavern.”


 “Looks like Sha Xiao’s methods can’t breach the defense of this underground cavern.”


 This underground cavern was heavily protected, this was the clan’s important area where Gu worms were stored. If it could be easily inspected, it would definitely attract enemies, and the clan would suffer disastrous losses.


 “Sha Xiao does not know what I am doing now. So he wanted young Thieving Heaven to take the risk and finish his matter earlier.”


 “Also, even in the outside world, his investigative methods are probably relying on young Thieving Heaven’s senses. As long as I can glean the mysteries of his method, I can deal with it.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


 This third stage had just begun, he was given a test but it was not actually too difficult.


 Even if he failed, he could try it again.


 At most, his soul would be injured.


 Were it before when his soul foundation only was ten million man soul level, he might be worried this injury would be beyond the limit he could endure.


 But now that he had two hundred million man soul, he was confident that no matter how much injury he suffered, his soul could not be directly destroyed.


 “But!”


 “If I follow the dream realm’s route, it might be safe, but it would be just that.”


 “Instead, how about...”


 Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration, he wanted to test his plan and see how much change this dream realm of Thieving Heaven could support!



***
Chapter 1510 - Fang Yuan Gets Captured


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 “The Gu worm has been selected. Now, let me take a look.” Fang Yuan took a deep breath and controlled young Thieving Heaven’s body.


 He first activated sneak attack Gu.


 Immediately at the activation, a blue baby figure jumped out and pounced towards the front.


 In the blink of an eye, the blue baby phantom entered the cavern wall. The whole process was silent as if nothing had happened.


 Fang Yuan mentally sighed: “This sneak attack Gu is indeed a top-tier Gu, not only is its power outstanding among rank two, it is silent as well. According to the dream realm, this cavern definitely has defensive methods arranged in it. But sneak attack Gu simply did not touch the defenses. I might as well refine some sneak attack Gu in the future.”


 Fang Yuan had relied on the dream realm to create sneak attack Gu. In the outside world, Fang Yuan could create the Gu recipe for every mortal rank after some modifications.


 Fang Yuan could use the rank two sneak attack Gu recipe to deduce its rank one to rank five recipes, he could even use the light of wisdom to deduce rank six and rank seven sneak attack Immortal Gu recipes!


 Because Fang Yuan’s current theft path attainment level was already as high as quasi-great grandmaster!


 After using the sneak attack Gu, Fang Yuan sped up the process, activating the Gu worms which he had chosen in the cavern.


 According to the rewards of the competition, the champion could select three rank one Gu, or one rank two Gu.


 Fang Yuan had checked all the rank two Gu in the small cavern, although they were quite good, they were not suitable for his use. Fang Yuan then chose three rank one Gu from the large cavern, immediately refining them and combining them into a killer move.


 This killer move was activated, immediately forming a giant rhino strength path phantom.


 The rhino strength path phantom moved its limbs and directly charged towards the cavern wall.


 This part of the cavern walls had already been internally destroyed by sneak attack Gu’s power. Now, as the rhino phantom smashed into it, it immediately collapsed loudly.


 Following, large amount of water surged out of the hole.


 Although Fang Yuan had been a bystander, he had already observed clearly and found this area of the underground cavern was right next to the oasis pool.


 This arrangement made sense.


 The pool had a spirit spring, the nearer the storage was to the pool, the denser the primeval energy that could seep into the mud and spread. And to this underground cavern where the clan stored Gu worms, it was greatly beneficial.


 There were some disadvantages, but the clan had already arranged defensive methods here, and those that could normally enter here were their own people.


 Even young Thieving Heaven was only trusted by the clan because he had lived and grown in the clan for over ten years.


 But right now, under Fang Yuan’s control, young Thieving Heaven acted opposite and went mad, directly opening a hole in the wall to finish Sha Xiao’s task.


 Water surged in large amounts, a layer of light membrane suddenly shone on the wall, blocking most of the water.


 “What happened?”


 “Move quickly, something happened!”


 Shocked voices came from outside the cavern, the guards immediately rushed in after sensing something wrong.


 “What use is it in discovering now?” Fang Yuan sneered, activating sneak attack Gu along with other two Gu to form a killer move.


 The rank two killer move covered him with a layer of blue light, increasing his speed sharply.


 Fang Yuan moved quickly towards that membrane of light blocking the water, directly passing through it and entering the pool!


 This membrane of light had also been in Fang Yuan’s consideration, the clan’s defensive methods were only mortal level in the end, and to a Gu Immortal like Fang Yuan, they were filled with flaws.


 As for the incoming fierce current, even though it had huge force, Fang Yuan’s killer move easily opened a way through it.


 By the time the two guards entered, they only saw Fang Yuan’s receding figure entering the pool.


 “This is a traitor!” One guard shouted furiously with bloodshot eyes: “The clan nurtured and raised you, how could you dare to do this?! Was your conscience eaten by the dogs? Die!”


 He immediately attacked.


 But the other guard quickly stopped him: “Are you crazy? What would we do if your move kills the Gu worms in the cavern? The important thing is to repair the defense as quickly as possible to reduce the losses. The smaller the losses, the lighter our punishment would be!”


 That guard did not want to continue listening to the advice, he shook off his companion’s arm.


 “You repair the defenses, I will capture this thief!” He threw behind these words, before passing through the light membrane to chase Fang Yuan.


 “An enemy?” Fang Yuan’s heart tensed.


 He was extremely vigilant, immediately sensing the guard entering the water.


 But even if he sensed the guard, it was of no use.


 Young Thieving Heaven was only rank one with a poor aptitude, having limited primeval essence that was almost finished after Fang Yuan repeatedly activated Gu worms.


 Thus, even though Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal, he had nothing to work with against the rank three guard.


 “Thief, how dare you do this! Did you do this because you hated the clan for banishing you, or were you ordered by someone?” The chasing guard could speak even in water.


 Fang Yuan held his breath and used all his strength to fight.


 But in just two-three moves, he was captured by the guard.


 The guard was full of hatred towards Fang Yuan, and seeing him still daring to retaliate, he immediately struck Fang Yuan’s chest with his palm.


 Fang Yuan’s seven orifices started bleeding, the blood spreading in the pool.


 “How could your filthy blood pollute my clan’s spirit spring?” The rank three guard revealed hatred as he activated a Gu worm to collect all the blood.


 “Damn it, I just had to run into a water path rank three Gu Master.” Fang Yuan revealed a bitter smile, after being captured, he could not even budge and had to take the palm strike head-on, his soul suffering an unprecedented level of damage.


 Fang Yuan endured the pain, after his soul stopped shaking, he carefully inspected it and was astonished.


 “So powerful! This one strike cut down my soul foundation by fifty million!”


 He thought rapidly, guessing: “There are few water path Gu Masters in Western Desert, was this person specially sent by the dream realm to target me? Fifty million man soul was immediately cut away. If it were anyone else, this one strike might have killed them! Even if it were me previously, with ninety million man soul foundation, over half of my soul would have been destroyed instantly in this situation. And this third stage has just started, the later events definitely look like they will be more problematic!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan could not help but rejoice that he had stably accumulated until two hundred million man soul before entering Thieving Heaven’s dream realm.


 He then continued to speculate: “If I had not rashly charged in and followed the dream realm development, there probably would not have been this kind of attack. But... by doing this, I likely spared myself of many steps in-between. This dream realm change is worth studying.”


 Fang Yuan explored the dream realm not only for theft path attainment, but also to accumulate experience and make exploring other dream realms more convenient.


 Although the action this time was slightly risky, Fang Yuan had gained a lot.


 He might be captured, but a flash of inspiration appeared in his mind, giving him new thoughts: “Wait a moment! This fifty million man soul foundation was not random. Other than soul path Gu Immortals, most other Gu Immortals don’t even have such level of soul foundation. If other paths’ Gu Immortals were to explore this dream realm of Thieving Heaven, what would happen?”


 Fang Yuan thought of Tang Fang Ming, more accurately, he thought of the steal dream killer move that Tang Fang Ming created in his first life.


 “In my first life, as dream realms continued to be explored, endless numbers of dream path Gu worms as well as dream path killer moves were created to provide targeted help against different dream realms.”


 “Thieving Heaven’s dream realm has a huge demand on soul foundation, which absolutely could not be explored before the chaotic era. If an ordinary person were to explore it, they would need to have enough dream path accumulation. The best case would be to create a killer move related to dream and soul which can neutralize the corrosion of the soul in dream realm, or greatly reduce the corrosion!”


 This dream realm of Thieving Heaven came from a Gu Immortal Venerable and was so huge, the difficulty of exploring it was extremely high. During the early and middle periods of the five regions chaotic war, it was simply a graveyard for Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan was able to explore it by forcibly facing it with his soul foundation.


 The most terrifying thing about this dream realm was the intense corrosion of the soul, but Fang Yuan directly crossed this hurdle with his robust soul foundation.


 The spirit spring started burbling in the pool like it was boiling.


 “What’s going on?” The rank three guard was moving to the surface while holding Fang Yuan in one hand, when he saw this situation.


 “Sure enough, my action greatly reduced the steps, I have already reached the most crucial juncture of the third stage!” Fang Yuan, however, was jubilant, his gaze shined brightly as he looked at the changes in the pool.



***
Chapter 1511 - Theft Path Great Grandmaster!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The water in the pool burbled, the water temperature also rose rapidly.


 “Traitor, what the hell did you do?!” The rank three guard glared and grabbed Fang Yuan’s neck.


 Despite feeling an intense pain, it was nothing to Fang Yuan.


 He did not even glance at the guard and just concentrated on the water that was going through the change.


 “Just like I guessed before, that sheepskin map is definitely an immortal material, it could not be detected as it was processed. But now, it immediately reacted after soaking in this pool water.”


 “I had been curious as to why this oasis was so small, but it seems now that it was tampered by someone to form a Gu refinement area.”


 In Western Desert, a normal oasis would not be small. All the oasis which could last for long were of large sizes, having at least a lake’s size.


 A small oasis with a pool like this was like a meteor in the sky, they would disappear after a short moment, buried under the desert sand.


 Young Thieving Heaven’s clan was able to prosper by relying on this oasis, it was clear this oasis had already existed for many years. Even though it had the protection of Gu Masters, mortals could not defend against nature’s power for long, so it was strange for this small oasis to have survived for such a long time.


 “Are you going to talk or not? I will kill you if you don’t speak!” The rank three Gu Master was almost spewing fire from his eyes because of anger.


 The water temperature continued to rise, already at a level which an ordinary person could barely endure.


 The rank three Gu Master held Fang Yuan’s neck and floated to the water surface, then he exerted strength and directly jumped ashore.


 “They’re back!”


 “This is the traitor?”


 “A backstabbing traitor! Speak, who ordered you?”


 The clan’s higher-ups were already gathered on the shore, the elders, the clan leader with rank four cultivation, and even the old and retired clan leader was present.


 Fang Yuan was completely soaked, he was immediately restrained as soon as he got ashore. He was then repeatedly interrogated, with no strength to resist or struggle.


 Fang Yuan only coughed, remaining silent.


 “The pool is already boiling, there is red light coming from inside!” At this time, someone cried out in surprise.


 The clan’s higher-ups were all nervous, some were even sweating.


 This pond contained a spirit spring which produced primeval stones, it was the basis for the clan to survive in the desert. If this was destroyed, it was akin to the destruction of the clan!


 Several breaths later, the red light passed through the pool’s surface and soared to the sky, dying the sky above the oasis red. The light could be seen from the surrounding hundred li.


 The clan’s higher-ups appeared to be caught by surprise, how could they stop this without even knowing the reason?


 The clan leader had a malevolent expression on his face as he was about to interrogate Fang Yuan again, but was suddenly stopped by someone.


 It was the old clan leader.


 The old clan leader’s legs were gone due to injuries from battles, his upper body floated before Fang Yuan.


 He gave a deep sigh and persuaded kindly: “Child, you were likely enticed by someone. If the clan has wronged you before, I will apologize to you. I will agree to whatever compensation you want. This matter before us is not a small thing, it concerns the lives of all our clansmen! Tell us everything you know. If there is an accident, many families will die.”


 “Hehe.” Fang Yuan snickered.


 He was now outside of the cavern and was no longer hidden, Sha Xiao was definitely aware of this situation.


 If he did not speak, the clan’s higher-ups will interrogate him by torture, but there would be some delay. If he spoke, Sha Xiao would probably immediately kill him on the spot.


 If young Thieving Heaven died, Fang Yuan’s exploration would be a failure.


 Taking the lesser of the two evils, Fang Yuan remained silent.


 “Damned bastard! How could the clan have produced such a vile spawn like you!!” The clan leader was furious at Fang Yuan’s attitude, he immediately kicked him down.


 Fang Yuan chuckled coldly: “Yes, kill me! Kill me and you won’t know anything!!”


 “You!!” The clan leader immediately stiffened.


 “Kekeke! My good grandson, grandpa likes this inner nature of yours.” Sha Xiao’s mad laughter rang in Fang Yuan’s ears.


 “It can’t be helped.” At this moment, the old clan leader stopped the current clan leader. He looked at Fang Yuan, his affable look from earlier replaced by a cold and cruel expression: “This kid is unrepentant, use soul search methods on him. Even if his soul gets destroyed, no one will be blamed.”


 The old man had revealed his true nature.


 “Yes!” Immediately, a rank three elder went forward and grabbed Fang Yuan’s head, soul searching him with no hesitation.


 Intense pain spread, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk and his whole body started shaking from the pain.


 The dream realm started wearing down his soul at an intense rate.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was directly falling by ten million each time.


 He still had one hundred and fifty million man soul left, but it was rapidly decreasing now, one hundred and forty million, one hundred and thirty million, one hundred and twenty million...


 In just a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had actually fallen to ninety million, falling below hundred million man soul level!


 Even Fang Yuan involuntarily took in a sharp breath at this.


 This dream realm’s might was too savage, it was fortunate he had a robust foundation. Were it others, including ordinary rank eight existences, they would probably be in danger of dying by now!


 After falling to ninety million man soul, the dream realm’s corrosion stopped abruptly.


 This was because there was another change in the pool, the glaring red light shot out, completely evaporating the water in the pool. The enormous red light turned into a pillar of light that charged towards the skies.


 The sky suddenly turned dark as dark clouds appeared above.


 The earth shook like a behemoth that had woken up underground.


 “Heaven qi is surging, earth qi is rising, this is the phenomenon of an Immortal Gu’s creation. I wonder who arranged this, this is definitely not a small matter.” Fang Yuan was also surprised.


 Other mortal Gu Masters were even more shocked and terrified, even forgetting about young Thieving Heaven.


 The old were still the most experienced, the old clan leader immediately said in a decisive voice: “Retreat! Don’t bring anything, just save your lives!”


 Before even finishing his words, he flew away, even without legs, he escaped quicker than others!


 The other Gu Masters gave cries of alarm before quickly running away as well.


 Only Fang Yuan remained behind in the pool.


 Soon, Fang Yuan lost his control and turned into an observer once again.


 Young Thieving Heaven slumped down on the ground in fright, crying tears of regret.


 “What did I do?”


 “What in the world did I do?!”


 “How could I do such a thing! I am worse than a beast!!”


 Slap slap slap.


 Young Thieving Heaven slapped himself.


 “How could I be this kind of person! Sob sob...” His cheeks were red and swollen. Looking at his similarly red hands, he began to cry.


 Rumble!


 Thunder crackled, the red light suddenly flashed intensely


 In an instant, the enchanting red light covered several thousands of li, shining upon the stupefied clansmen as well as the quickly escaping ones.


 Then, the red light suddenly retracted, as if thousands of arrows were shot out before flying back to the bows like time was reversed.


 Such a bizarre scene caused young Thieving Heaven to stare, dumbfounded.


 “This is...”


 “How could this be?!”


 In the blink of an eye, the red light’s changes finished. However, the people who the light had contacted, be it mortals or Gu Masters, found to their horror that they had turned extremely old.


 Then they took one last breath before all of them fell to the ground, dead.


 Young Thieving Heaven was no exception, he had turned from a young boy to an old man with wrinkled face and grizzled hair.


 “I should die, all my troubles will end once I am dead!” Young Thieving Heaven closed his eyes and waited for death, but Sha Xiao’s voice resounded in his ears.


 “Hahaha, you want to die? You are the owner of steal life Immortal Gu, how could you die?”


 “Demon, what do you mean?”


 Young Thieving Heaven shouted in his mind, just at this time, the red light concentrated into a lump of essence, turning into a scarlet bee that flew before him.


 Young Thieving Heaven immediately sensed a close feeling, he and this bee had the most intimate connection!


 He involuntarily extended his palm, and when the bee entered his hand, his extracted lifespan returned to his body.


 Young Thieving Heaven turned young once again!


 Sha Xiao laughed sinisterly: “My good grandson, this rank six Immortal Gu is grandpa’s gift to you. Take it and roam the world. This world is big while you are too insignificant. If you truly want to return home, make use of this opportunity well!”


 “Immortal Gu?! Who are you? What are you trying to do?” Young Thieving Heaven did not feel any joy of obtaining an Immortal Gu, instead cold sweat soaked his body.


 Sha Xiao’s voice, however, gradually turned faint: “When the time is ripe, you will know...”


 At this point, the third stage of the dream realm concluded.


 Fang Yuan returned to reality, his soul returning to his body.


 He carefully inspected, and as expected, he became a theft path great grandmaster!



***
Chapter 1512 - Fallen Flower Hall


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Theft path great grandmaster attainment level...” Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, having a complex expression.


 The day had finally arrived, his attainment level finally reached great grandmaster. To think that it was neither blood path, strength path, wisdom path, nor time path, but theft path instead.


 Fang Yuan’s theft path attainment level was originally empty like a piece of blank paper. But because of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, it rose all the way to become his number one path in attainment level.


 Evidently, dream realms were able to make Gu Masters and Gu Immortals gain foundation rapidly.


 This was also the cause of the five regions chaotic war.


 Because too many people explored dream realms and gained attainment levels, they had a much greater urge for cultivation resources and status, their desires rose dramatically.


 Of course, dream realms were not so easy to explore.


 Even though Fang Yuan had great gains, he paid a huge price to get here, even some rank eight Gu Immortals could not bear such a cost.


 Great grandmaster attainment level!


 This was the limit that Fang Yuan could reach, and it was also the limit of the five regions.


 Fang Yuan who has such an attainment level would be extremely familiar with all of the theft path profundities in the world, even if he was misled by external influences, he could easily understand tough questions with some thinking.


 But beyond theft path great grandmaster was supreme grandmaster.


 This was difficult, it meant that Fang Yuan would need to surpass Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s achievements!


 Thinking of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 Even though the dream realm was illusory, this realistic dream realm showed what had happened in history.


 Fang Yuan helped Thieving Heaven many times to allow the dream realm to continue. But Thieving Heaven’s personality was quite a shock to Fang Yuan, way out of his expectations.


 What truly happened in history, what was the reason that made young Thieving Heaven a Demon Venerable? Fang Yuan felt that Sha Xiao was the crucial factor.


 After reaching theft path great grandmaster attainment level, the rest of Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was useless to Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan did not need to mention this.


 “It is a pity.” Fang Yuan said his goodbyes to Tang Fang Ming, having a regretful tone: “Something urgent happened, I need to go and settle it. I will explore Thieving Heaven’s dream realm next time!”


 Tang Fang Ming asked earnestly: “I wonder what is the matter, can my Tang clan assist you?”


 Tang Fang Ming was not being kindhearted, he was following the agreement between Tang clan and Fang Yuan, if he provided Fang Yuan assistance, he would gain an appropriate reward in return.


 Tang Fang Ming had gained a lot from Fang Yuan’s guidance, as a result, he was deeply attracted to it now.


 Fang Yuan saw Tang Fang Ming’s attitude, he nodded in his heart. This was what he wanted to see.


 As long as Fang Yuan continued to help Tang clan, during the five regions chaotic war, it would grow tremendously and become a huge obstacle that hinders Heavenly Court’s advancements!


 “It is fine, I can settle this myself.” Fang Yuan nodded, his reply made Tang Fang Ming very disappointed, his gaze turned downcast.


 But soon, Fang Yuan took out an information path mortal Gu and handed it to Tang Fang Ming.


 “This, is this?” Tang Fang Ming had a feeling, he excitedly received this information path mortal Gu with both hands.


 “Within this Gu worm, there are some shallow insights that I learned in exploring dream realms, I hope it can help you.” Fang Yuan smiled, he started to leave, while Tang Fang Ming sighed in admiration behind him.


 Giving is the prerequisite of receiving, this saying would not go wrong.


 Plotting against the world, Fang Yuan could only compete with Heavenly Court if he had such magnanimity.


 “But... my tactic still cannot match Heavenly Court after all.” After leaving, Fang Yuan looked towards Central Continent’s direction as he sighed.


 Heavenly Court was strong not just in strength, but also foresight and strategy.


 Having fate Gu, Heavenly Court possessed an immense advantage. Fang Yuan was currently making use of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s plans, it was already very effective, but compared to Heavenly Court, he was at a disadvantage.


 As long as fate Gu was repaired, Heavenly Court would be unstoppable in the five regions chaotic war.


 If Duke Long actually succeeds in nurturing Great Dream Immortal Venerable, they would be the victors of this era, the rulers of all five regions.


 This tactic was reliable and consistent, it had almost no flaws, the only weakness was otherworldly demons, because they were not bound by fate.


 The only complete otherworldly demon was Fang Yuan. Zhao Lian Yun was half an otherworldly demon, but she was already a dog of Heavenly Court, going up against Fang Yuan.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan was the greatest hope against Heavenly Court, but even Fang Yuan himself did not know how he could win.


 “If I act alone, even with Shadow Sect, Lang Ya Sect, Tang clan, and others, we are not Heavenly Court’s match. The only hope is Red Lotus’ true inheritance. But now is not the time to get Red Lotus’ true inheritance yet!”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan headed to the River of Time, it was because he knew of Shadow Sect’s plans, he was confident. But going now would be a blind exploration, he did not know what could happen.


 Without the help of the stone lotus island, Fang Yuan could likely lose his life to Heavenly Court’s ambush.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan could only play safe and not act rashly.


 “I need to try and raise my strength, until I am able to travel the River of Time alone, to see if I can obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance.” This was Fang Yuan’s current plan.


 To gain strength, Fang Yuan first thought of the blessed lands in City Well.


 But these immortal apertures were hard to enter now.


 Even though Fang Yuan had methods, the price of using them was too high, it was far easier to retrieve the upper extreme heavenly eagle instead.


 Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was in Southern Border, that was not a problem.


 Because before this, Fang Yuan had planned ahead and used Connect Luck on the upper extreme heavenly eagle, they were connected by luck.


 Right now, Fang Yuan only needed to use qi luck sensation to locate the upper extreme heavenly eagle. He would find it if he spent time on it.


 “But now, I should not rush to Southern Border. The immortal apertures are inside City Well, they cannot run away from me!”


 Fang Yuan’s plan was to cultivate in green ghost desert for the time being.


 “Earlier, I saved Fang Yun and Fang Leng, I have already interacted with Fang clan. As they are a super force, they will definitely investigate and test me. Unfortunately, during this period, I hid my traces and secretly came back to explore Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, most likely, Fang clan could not find anything. The time is about ripe now, Fang clan is going to send an envoy to meet me.”


 Fang Yuan was very clear of the actions that righteous path forces took.


 Because Fang Yuan saved Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, if they did not thank him, they would be ungrateful. This would ruin their reputation in the righteous path.


 And more personally, if Fang clan was so ungrateful, if their Gu Immortals get into danger, who would save them?


 Thus, even if they do not give much of a reward, they needed to put on a show.


 This was the game of the righteous path.


 Other than this, there was something else, Fang Yuan’s strength was quite threatening. He could control so many soul beasts, and was a wisdom path Gu Immortal trying to develop in green ghost desert, even Fang clan did not dare to underestimate him.


 Fang clan’s territory bordered green ghost desert, Fang Yuan was their neighbor. How could Fang clan not pay attention to him? How could they not approach him?


 If the interaction went well and they communicated smoothly, Fang clan might even spend a lot of effort to recruit Fang Yuan.


 Of course, all this was built upon the fact that Fang Yuan’s true identity was not exposed. If Fang clan knew that this was Fang Yuan, they would not approach him, and definitely not recruit him.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was to disguise himself and become acquainted with Fang clan, it would help him in managing green ghost desert and make this place his soul core farming ground.


 This had a huge impact on Fang Yuan’s soul path cultivation!


 Several days later, in green ghost desert.


 The soul beast army rampaged, Fang Yuan was sitting at the center of an ancient soul beast’s back, free and relaxed.


 He was experimenting with all sorts of theft path Gu worms now.


 For example, rank five sneak attack Gu!


 Fang Yuan willed as he activated it, several hundred blue baby phantoms jumped out and surrounded him.


 These baby phantoms were not only fast, they were very concealed, if he lost track of one, he would not be able to find them anymore.


 At once, hundreds of blue baby phantoms flew around Fang Yuan, moving rapidly between the soul beasts, they were very agile, some were playing and jumping around on the soul beasts’ backs.


 They moved without a sound, in this gloomy desert, it was quite a scary scene.


 Fang Yuan was a theft path great grandmaster, deducing rank five sneak attack Gu was basically instantaneous. Fang Yuan even had the recipe of rank six sneak attack Gu now, he did not need the light of wisdom, it was too simple.


 Other than sneak attack Gu, Fang Yuan also conceptualized many theft path Gu recipes.


 Fang Yuan was already at the peak of this world in theft path, the feeling was quite amazing, it was not the use of inspiration, he had the ability inside him to begin with. Every time Fang Yuan thought of new theft path Gu recipes, he was excavating this ability, and materializing it!


 After several days, all of the theft path Gu recipes that Fang Yuan thought of were all handed to Lang Ya Sect for refinement.


 Lang Ya land spirit expressed deep interest in this matter.


 Fang Yuan obtained a huge number of rank five theft path mortal Gu.


 For Gu Immortals, mortal Gu were all expendable, even rank five ones.


 Other than getting these theft path mortal Gu, Fang Yuan also killed soul beasts and raised his soul foundation back to hundred million man soul.


 Not only that, he even placed these theft path mortal Gu into the killer moves that he used, making huge progress.


 Just when Fang Yuan was about to shut his eyes and modify his killer moves further, an Immortal Gu House descended from the clouds, flying towards him.


 Fang Yuan looked at it, this Immortal Gu House was not big, it was quite small, resembling a log cabin.


 But this cabin was not simple, it had the mixed aura of rank seven Immortal Gu, it was a rank seven Immortal Gu House.


 It seemed to be made of wood, on the surface, there were countless beautiful flowers of varying colors.


 “This is Fang clan’s Immortal Gu House, Fallen Flower Hall.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, as he had expected, Fang clan had approached him.



***
Chapter 1513 - Immortal Gu Reward


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 As Fallen Flower Hall descended, flower petals rained down in the air, they were of different colors, the fragrance of flowers permeated the air.


 And most importantly, when these petals fell onto the sand, they vanished like water droplets entering a lake.


 Next, the sand turned into mud in almost a few breaths of time.


 Seedlings began to grow, emerging from the soil and forming flower buds, before blooming.


 When Fallen Flower Hall landed on the desert, it was no longer a green ghost desert, it was a sea of multicolored flowers.


 Fang Yuan restrained his soul beast army as he watched without moving.


 The door of Fallen Flower Hall opened, as three Gu Immortals came out.


 The first one was Fang clan’s rank seven Fang An Lei, she had an ordinary appearance, she was a bit fat but her smile was amiable, she gave off a warm feeling.


 Fang Yuan had investigated long ago, he knew that this person often handled external affairs in the clan, she had a lot of experience in interacting with forces and experts.


 Beside Fang An Lei, there were two rank six Gu Immortals, they were familiar faces.


 The left one was handsome with eyes resembling stars, he was chirpy and lively, called Fang Yun. The right one was stable and mature, having an air of nonchalance, it was a rising star in Fang clan — Fang Leng.


 “I am Fang An Lei, greetings.”


 “Fang Yun (Fang Leng) thanks senior for saving our lives!”


 Three Gu Immortals walked out and spoke politely to Fang Yuan as they greeted.


 Fang Yuan was seated within his soul beast army, he had a solemn attitude and was expressionless. His fierce soul beasts were terrifying, even though they did not move, killing intent permeated.


 Over at Fang clan, they were warm like flowers, sincere and extremely polite, these two sides were polar opposites.


 Fang Yuan nodded lightly, saying coldly: “I said before, I saved you because I wanted to, I am not after any reward. But I know how you righteous path people think.”


 “You indeed understand us, I am representing Fang clan, not only to thank you, but also to initiate cooperation.” Fang An Lei smiled.


 “Oh, cooperation?” Fang Yuan acted slightly surprised.


 Fang An Lei took a step back and invited: “We have already prepared tea in the hall, would you like to discuss this with us inside?”


 Immortal Gu Houses were strong outside and weak internally, very few were strong inside while weak outside, one example was Hei tribe’s Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 Fallen Flower Hall was obviously the former, Fang An Lei’s invitation to Fang Yuan expressed good faith sincerity.


 But even if this Fallen Flower Hall had any traps in it, with Fang Yuan’s current cultivation level, there was nothing to fear.


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan nodded, opening his immortal aperture’s entrance as the soul beast army was kept inside, he strolled into Fallen Flower Hall with his arms behind his back.


 Fallen Flower Hall had many decorations, all sorts of things could be seen.


 There was a huge circular table at the center of the hall, tea was already prepared.


 After asking Fang Yuan to take his seat, Fang An Lei sat down.


 “Please evaluate this, our clan’s seven li fragrant tea.” Fang An Lei smiled as she said.


 Fang Yuan looked at it and nodded.


 This tea was like clear water, but when drank, it was hot. And the taste was exactly like warm water.


 This seven li fragrant tea was the signature tea of Fang clan, it was naturally not so simple.


 The true essence of the tea was that after drinking it, for some time, their mouth and entire body would emit the fragrance of tea.


 If they drink seven cups, they would emit tea fragrance for seven days and night, the smell would spread seven li. But if they drink more, there would be no further effect, this was the reason for its name as seven li fragrant tea.


 Fang Yuan had heard of it in his previous life, but this was the first time he enjoyed it, he only took a sip before asking directly: “What does your clan want to do, please tell me.”


 Fang An Lei heard Fang Yuan’s icy tone and thought: “This person is exactly as Fang Yun and Fang Leng said, he is aloof and arrogant, he speaks on equal status even against super forces.”


 Fang An Lei was not upset.


 She had seen many experts, some were even weirder, some were bloodthirsty, Fang Yuan was quite normal compared to them.


 She smiled even more deeply as she spoke in a clear tone, describing the contents of the cooperation Fang clan wanted to have.


 “You want me to collect impermanence rocks?” Fang Yuan tapped his finger on the table as he thought about this cooperation project.


 Impermanence rocks were a rank six immortal material, it existed in green ghost desert, and had quite the quantity.


 This rock was half black and half white, it only formed in places that constantly had battles. Therefore, impermanence rocks only grew at places where lifeforms died.


 Evidently, those were dangerous places.


 But dangerous places were nothing much for the current Fang Yuan.


 “I have the soul beast army, I am displaying peak rank seven battle strength, collecting the impermanence rocks is an easy matter. The only problem is that they are scattered and I will need to expend a lot of time collecting them and moving around.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind.


 This project was really a matter of convenience for Fang Yuan.


 He needed to hunt for soul cores, while traveling around, it was normal to see impermanence rocks. In fact, he had a batch of them now, he had gathered them casually while moving about in green ghost desert.


 What Fang Yuan needed to consider was, why did Fang clan want this cooperation, what was their true motive?


 “Is it like what Fang An Lei had said, impermanence rocks are rarely seen in treasure yellow heaven, they are hard to buy, so they want me to handle this?”


 “Or are they trying to use this to recruit me? Or to spread news of Fang clan being grateful to their benefactors?”


 The content was that once Fang Yuan hands over the impermanence rocks, he would gain a rank six Immortal Gu as the reward.


 The reward was huge!


 Immortal Gu were unique, and Fang clan were giving him one! As long as he collected the impermanence rocks, if anyone heard about it, they would think that Fang clan was trying to repay Fang Yuan’s kindness of saving their members’ lives.


 Fang Yuan was somewhat moved.


 Not only the reward of a rank six Immortal Gu, but also because he wanted to cooperate with them!


 As long as he cooperated with Fang clan and established an agreement, his arrangements in green ghost desert would be recognized by Fang clan.


 “But, I feel that Fang clan is plotting something, the matter is not so simple.” Fang Yuan was quite suspicious.


 Fang An Lei looked at Fang Yuan, seeing that he was deep in consideration, she felt increasingly confident.


 “The clan is putting in a huge investment by giving him an Immortal Gu, he will definitely be enticed!”


 “As long as we set an alliance agreement, Suan Bu Jin will take the place of the clan and explore green ghost desert, he will be harvesting impermanence rock on the surface, but if he finds the inheritance of Qing clan, our trailing Fang clan Gu Immortals will also find it.”


 “Even if he encounters enemies like Old Ghost Bai Jun, Suan Bu Jin would have to fight against them. If he finds out about Qing clan’s inheritance, because of the alliance agreement, he cannot fight with our clan over it.”


 “Second supreme elder’s plan is truly detailed!”


 Thinking of this, Fang An Lei felt an increased sense of admiration towards Fang Di Chang.


 “Alright, I agree to it.” Fang Yuan thought about it and agreed.


 Even though he had wisdom path attainment, there was too little information, he could not deduce Fang clan’s objective. Furthermore, he also wanted to work with them.


 “Alright, friend, you are very decisive. You will not regret cooperating with our Fang clan.” Fang An Lei laughed loudly: “Next, let us discuss the content of our cooperation... hmm?”


 But right at this time, Fang An Lei paused, surprise was expressed on her face.


 Soon, thunderous sounds could be heard outside.


 To make sure Fang Yuan could feel assured, the door of Fallen Flower Hall was not closed, this sound was quite clear to him.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng also had a change of expressions.


 “Countless soul beasts are attacking from all directions, we are encircled.” Fang An Lei said: “Old Ghost Bai Jun has attacked, he actually subdued multiple immemorial soul beasts!”


 “Immemorial soul beasts?” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, he did not know that the rank eight Immortal Gu was Soul Beast Token yet.


 Fang An Lei’s eyes shined with a dim light, after thinking about it, she told Fang Yuan about this information.


 Fang Yuan was greatly moved.


 “This Soul Beast Token is a rank eight enslavement path Immortal Gu, this is great, it is extremely useful for my soul core harvesting plan!”


 Once he thought of this, Fang Yuan felt a strong urge to design a theft path killer move to steal this rank eight Immortal Gu!


 He controlled himself as he said to Fang An Lei: “Old Ghost Bai Jun dared to come here even though we are in an Immortal Gu House, he is truly confident. Next, it is time for your clan’s Immortal Gu House to shine!”


 Fang An Lei was dazed, she wanted to see Fang Yuan fight, but he spoke before her and sealed the possibility.


 “Earlier, friend offended this person to save our juniors, he is here for revenge. We will definitely punish this evildoer. But if the battle goes wrong later, friend, we hope you can help us out, after all, those soul beasts are immemorial level.” Fang An Lei said with deep meaning, without losing any politeness in her words.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Of course!”



***
Chapter 1514 - Simultaneous Ambush


***





 Chapter 1514 Simultaneous Ambush 

 Roar!


 While Fang Yuan and Fang An Lei were speaking, an immemorial soul beast with a bull body and leopard tail extended its limbs and sprinted, like a mountain charging over.


 Almost at the same time, there was a shrill noise in the sky, an immemorial soul beast resembling a black python with two wings also descended with a strong burst of air.


 “Two immemorial soul beasts!” Fang Yun was shaken, this intense attack made his heart waver, he was almost unable to control himself.


 “No, there’s three.” Fang An Lei was calm and even smiled.


 As expected, at the next moment, the ground shook as three huge monstrous fingers emerged from the ground, grabbing towards Fallen Flower Hall.


 This was the third immemorial soul beast!


 “Rise!” At the crucial moment, Fang An Lei shouted as the Immortal Gu House flew into the sky like a rainbow.


 The monstrous hand grabbed thin air, colliding into the bull body leopard tail immemorial soul beast.


 But even though it evaded two immemorial soul beasts, there was still a winged black python in the air.


 The black python hissed and pounced at the Fallen Flower Hall.


 Fang An Lei’s eyes shined brightly, she moved the Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall, directly slamming into it instead of dodging.


 Boom!


 With a loud bang, both sides suffered injuries.


 Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall had cracks all over, the flowers growing on the exterior were falling off.


 Meanwhile, that winged black python immemorial soul beast fell and crashed onto the ground, creating a huge crater upon impact.


 Fang An Lei had a pale expression, she quickly stabilized Fallen Flower Hall, making it stay still in the air as she used a method to create a shining light around Fallen Flower Hall.


 The light shined for a few breaths of time, when it faded, Fallen Flower Hall was completely restored, the cracks had vanished, the flowers were reborn.


 “Oh? She can rapidly fix the Immortal Gu House? This method is quite impressive, I wonder how they did it? Did they replace the Gu worms with spares? Or did they refine Gu worms on the spot?”


 Fang Yuan was intrigued, as he deduced with countless thoughts in his mind.


 Fallen Flower Hall was an Immortal Gu House, it was constructed using countless Gu worms. It was able to repair itself rapidly, most Immortal Gu Houses did not have such an ability.


 If they rapidly replaced Gu worms, it was formation path. If they refined mortal Gu, it was refinement path.


 Fallen Flower Hall was likely to possess an immortal killer move from either of these two paths.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan had too little information now, his deduction was met with an obstacle very quickly, he gave up on it.


 “Hehehehe!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s laughter filled the battlefield: “So what if you have an Immortal Gu House? Obediently surrender, I might spare your lives!”


 Saying so, the winged black python immemorial soul beast shook its head and flew up again.


 Immemorial soul beasts had rank eight battle strength, they had strong bodies, the attack earlier did not have much effect.


 Fang An Lei was not surprised, she expected this.


 Her collision earlier was just a probe, after all, immemorial soul beasts varied in strength too.


 Fallen Flower Hall was controlled by her, she dodged in the sky as she fought against the winged black python immemorial soul beast.


 As for the other two immemorial soul beasts, the bull body leopard tail and the one eyed giant with two hands, they could only growl on the ground, they could not fly.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun made a sharp noise as the two immemorial soul beasts started to walk towards him.


 “A chance!” Fang An Lei’s eyes flashed with sharp light, she was about to use Fallen Flower Hall to charge at Old Ghost Bai Jun by getting past the winged black python.


 These three immemorial soul beasts had deep battle strength and stamina, she could not sustain a long fight, the best way was to capture the enemy leader, and kill the crucial Old Ghost Bai Jun who was controlling these beasts.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan sneered: “Don’t be hasty, I have deduced that this is a trap.”


 “Oh?” A flash of surprise appeared in Fang An Lei’s eyes.


 But because of the hesitation, she lost her opportunity, the winged black python challenged Fallen Flower Hall again, preventing it from flying away.


 Meanwhile, the two immemorial soul beasts arrived at Old Ghost Bai Jun’s side, putting up a strong defense for him.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun had no smugness, his expression was grim.


 “I purposely left an opening for the enemy to attack, to think that Fang An Lei could resist the urge to use this battle opportunity!”


 “Forget it! Activating Soul Beast Token expends my soul foundation rapidly, I cannot sustain it, I need to settle the battle fast!”


 Thinking of this, Old Ghost Bai Jun had a ruthless expression as he growled, the fourth immemorial soul beast attacked Fallen Flower Hall.


 This fourth immemorial soul beast was like a spider with spikes all over, it could also fly and was the smallest among them, only at the side of a normal tiger.


 But it was extremely fast, it shot out like an arrow in the sky.


 Fang Yun exclaimed: “So close, this is Old Ghost Bai Jun’s scheme to lure the enemy!”


 Fang An Lei gave Fang Yuan a look of gratitude, before her expression turned solemn as she faced the enemy with Fallen Flower Hall.


 The flying spider immemorial soul beast created huge pressure in the Fang clan immortals.


 The winged black python immemorial soul beast was powerful and heavy, but the flying spider immemorial soul beast was fast as lightning, the two worked together, one slow and one fast, one big and one small, pressuring Fallen Flower Hall and keeping it suppressed


 “To think that Old Ghost Bai Jun could really control immemorial soul beasts!”


 “How did he do it? Is Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token really that impressive? He could actually gain control of four immemorial soul beasts in such a short period of time?”


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng were uncertain, they wanted to retreat.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I have already deduced that he is at his limits. Using rank seven cultivation level to control four immemorial soul beasts, it is far beyond his abilities. In just a while longer, the situation will turn around.”


 “Oh?” Fang An Lei’s gaze shined, she had another thought, she decided to trust Fang Yuan again.


 As expected, as the battle progressed, Fallen Flower Hall’s pressure fell.


 The flying spider and winged black python immemorial soul beasts were cooperating much more poorly now, they were interfering with each other now.


 And on the ground of the desert, Old Ghost Bai Jun had a pale expression, his body was shaking as his aura weakened greatly.


 But he stared with wide eyes, forcefully holding on.


 As time passed, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s condition got worse.


 “I will spare your lives today! The next time we meet, I will tear you to pieces!” He threatened as he started to leave with his soul beast army.


 “Where are you going?” After taking a beating for so long, Fang An Lei was unwilling to let Old Ghost Bai Jun off.


 Both sides fled and chased, Fallen Flower Hall attacked as countless soul beasts died.


 However, the flying spider and winged black python immemorial soul beasts were still trying hard to stall Fallen Flower Hall.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun defended himself tightly, although his condition was worsening, he did not reveal any fatal flaws.


 Fang Yun shouted with great smugness: “Old Ghost Bai Jun, where has your arrogance


 gone?”


 Old Ghost Bai Jun shouted: “If not for the fact that I am still unfamiliar with Soul Beast Token, how could you people survive?”


 “Wait, something is wrong.” Fang Yuan frowned lightly.


 At this time, the sound of an eagle tore the sky, even though the four immortals were in the Immortal Gu House, they felt a piercing sound.


 This figure was like phantom, emerging from dark clouds.


 It was a female immortal.


 She wore tight black clothing, her face was pale and white. Her hands had turned into eagle claws, her body was emitting black smoke, as she charged, a trail of smoke appeared behind her.


 Rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal — Eagle Concubine!


 Boom!


 Eagle Concubine slashed as she passed Fallen Flower Hall without slowing down.


 Fallen Flower Hall was heavily damaged, three claw marks appeared on the roof, almost piercing the interior.


 “So he has help, hmph.” Seeing Eagle Concubine, Fang An Lei frowned tightly.


 She spoke to Fang Yuan: ‘I would like your assistance, friend, I cannot deal with this situation alone.”


 Fang Yuan knew that she still had not gone all out, but he wanted to work with Fang clan, he could not continue watching on the sidelines.


 Immediately, he nodded: “I will deal with Old Ghost Bai Jun, I hope you can stall this eagle claw female immortal.”


 Fang An Lei agreed: “Go ahead, I will do my best!”


 At the next moment, the Immortal Gu House’s door opened as Fang Yuan stepped into the battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Ignited Thought Flying Rock.


 Fang Yuan had prepared it long ago, he stretched his finger as meteors rained down from the sky, the attack was incredible.


 yn


 Old Ghost Bai Jun squinted his eyes, his aura was extremely weak, he used the two immemorial soul beasts as his shield to block Fang Yuan’s killer move.


 Bam bam bam...


 Ignited thought flying rocks crashed into the desert, creating a sea of fire for several li of radius, but without any heat.


 This was a unique thought fire, it spread and burned on Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun smiled bitterly, he wanted to dodge, but he could not spare the effort.


 “Oh?” Seeing this, Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 Boom!!!


 At the next moment, the ground cracked open, monsters were growling, resounding in one’s ears like rumbling thunder.


 Next, a huge palace shining in green radiance flew out and crashed towards Fang Yuan fiercely.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Divine Bean Palace!



***
Chapter 1515 - Exposing His True Body


***





 Chapter 1515 Exposing His True Body 

 “Rank eight Immortal Gu House!” Facing Divine Bean Palace’s assault, Fang Yuan expressed shock on his face.


 “Thi... This is...?!”


 “Divine Bean Palace!!”


 “Seriously?”


 Within Fallen Flower Hall, the three Fang clan immortals were immensely shocked.


 Generations of Fang clan descendants had searched for it endlessly, but now, they finally had enough clues that pointed them to it, they were about to search green ghost desert when suddenly, Divine Bean Palace appeared in front of them like this.


 The Qing clan inheritance that Fang clan had coveted for generations appeared right in front of them.


 The three immortals’ eyes were about to pop out, they could not believe this!


 How could this happen!!


 “Descendant of Spectral Soul, die!” Within Divine Bean Palace, the immemorial soul beast roared. Its anger reverberated in the palace, dozens of sturdy pillars were shaking, its killing intent filled the surroundings.


 This immemorial soul beast was the master of Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, the body was large and mountain-like, it had a weird appearance, having a tortoise shell, tiger claws, dragon tail, neck like a snake, and a human head.


 Its hair was messy, its human face could not be seen clearly, but Fang Yuan could feel deep hatred that was converted into killing intent that burst out endlessly.


 It controlled Divine Bean Palace, but the palace shined with a green light that suppressed it instead.


 No matter how it roared, its voice was contained within the palace, unable to leave.


 Divine Bean Palace crashed towards Fang Yuan, while the rank seven demonic path female immortal Eagle Concubine also charged at Fang Yuan from behind him.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun screeched as he went all-out, calling on the two immemorial soul beasts.


 The flying spider immemorial soul beast shot out like lightning, while the winged black python immemorial soul beast crashed down from above like a mountain.


 At once, a rank eight Immortal Gu House, two immemorial soul beasts, and two rank seven demonic path Gu Immortals attacked Fang Yuan.


 Fatal danger!


 Fang Yuan’s heart was pounding, his eyes were flickering with uncertainty, his mind was filled with surging thoughts, resembling a tsunami!


 He did not expect that the moment he left the Immortal Gu House, he would face such a terrifying assault.


 “Senior, be careful!”


 “Oh no!!”


 Fang clan’s three immortals screamed, the situation was dire, they were very worried for Fang Yuan.


 The soul beast attackers had been preparing for a long time, their real target was Fang Yuan, they attacked all of a sudden, Fang clan’s three immortals could not help Fang Yuan in time. At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan could only rely on himself!


 Of course, Fang Yuan had never thought of relying on others.


 He had a vigilant nature, he had already prepared myriad self clones within the sovereign immortal aperture. And not long ago, reverse flow protection seal was modified by him, the activation time was greatly shortened.


 “But even so, it is too late now for me to activate reverse flow protection seal!”


 Fang Yuan was after green ghost desert, he was with the three Fang clan immortals now, he could not display reverse flow protection seal so easily.


 Once he uses it, even if Divine Bean Palace crashes into him, he would be intact.


 If he did not use it, forget about Divine Bean Palace, even the immemorial soul beasts could turn Fang Yuan into pulp.


 Reverse flow protection seal was a qualitative change in terms of battle strength for him.


 At the moment of life and death, Fang Yuan’s alertness was maximized, but having lived for hundreds of years, he did not panic, determination and fighting spirit soared within him!


 “Hahaha.” At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 Fang clan’s immortals heard this and felt Fang Yuan’s arrogance and self-confidence.


 Immortal killer move – Single Thought Endless Clones!


 Fang Yuan activated the killer move successfully in one try.


 Swish swish swish.


 Dozens of blue light silhouettes emerged from his body, scattering to the surroundings.


 This was the method gained from Purple Mountain True Monarch, but the original version created purple light silhouettes, Fang Yuan had changed it.


 SI


 SS


 The underlying reason was the countless sneak attack Gu he had added in, causing the silhouettes to turn blue, and also gain some sneakiness in movement.


 At the same time, the blue light phantoms were still splitting continuously.


 One turned into four while four turned into ten, they formed into a huge blue silhouette army.


 Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among the silhouettes, he could not be discovered.


 “Great countermeasure!” Fang Yun praised, while Fang An Lei and Fang Leng stayed silent.


 Divine Bean Palace crashed towards him like a meteor.


 Crack crack crack!


 Wherever it went, the blue shadows were shattered like bursting bubbles, without any resistance.


 Eagle Concubine and the flying spider immemorial soul beast dodged it quickly, not wanting to face a rank eight Immortal Gu House’s charge.


 That winged black python immemorial soul beast was the slowest, it was still on the way there.


 Be it Eagle Concubine or Old Ghost Bai Jun, they had lost their attack target because of Fang Yuan’s clones.


 “Oh?” Surprise flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He was scheming and did not go far away, he was hiding nearby, but Divine Bean Palace did not stop to use any immortal killer moves, it went directly for him.


 “Coincidence?” Fang Yuan manipulated the shadows as he flew away while hidden among them.


 But Divine Bean Palace turned around and went for him again.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, he spat out a huge amount of fog, covering the area.


 Immortal killer move — Directional Confusion Fog!


 The Gu Immortals within the battlefield were enveloped by it.


 Eagle Concubine screeched as she stopped her movement.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun made his immemorial soul beasts get close to him, he was extremely nervous.


 “This fog can interfere with your sense of direction, we were affected by it even though we have the Immortal Gu House’s protection, this is really impressive!” Fang Leng exclaimed.


 Divine Bean Palace entered the fog but it still managed to chase down Fang Yuan, the directional confusion fog had no effect.


 Fang Yuan’s move had been modified.


 Originally, the fog was purple and was not big, although it could confuse even rank eight Gu Immortals.


 After modification, this move had no effect on rank eight Gu Immortals, but it had an amplified effect on rank seven and below Gu Immortals. Not only did the color change, the range was greatly expanded, but the duration shortened drastically.


 Because of this ineffectiveness, Divine Bean Palace came very close to Fang Yuan, it almost hit him.


 Originally, due to the attack from underground, it was far from Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used two killer moves but could not deceive the mysterious soul beast in Divine Bean Palace, it moved very quickly and finally caught up to him.


 Fang Yuan tried to dodge, he was fast as lightning, but could not compare to Divine Bean Palace, he could only watch as this Immortal Gu House filled his vision and was about to crash into him.


 They were about to collide!


 At this time, reverse flow protection seal was not ready yet.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, an intense collision occurred.


 But it did not involve Fang Yuan, Divine Bean Palace and the immemorial soul beast winged black python crashed.


 “Even though I cannot confuse you, I can confuse others!” Eerie light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he used this chance to activate reverse flow protection seal!


 In a flash, he used single thought endless clones again, while activating familiar face, turning into a blue shadow and mixing in among them.


 “Incredible!” When the fog faded, Fang An Lei looked at the scene and praised involuntarily.


 There were many enemies, but Fang Yuan made use of the numbers to resist them, he was truly displaying the might of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 “Damn it!!” Inside Divine Bean Palace, the mysterious soul beast roared, its voice was like a tsunami that shook the entire palace.


 The winged black python immemorial soul beast was sent flying by Divine Bean Palace, because it had hit the sharp edge of Divine Bean Palace, its body was also snapped into two. The power of the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace was evident!


 Divine Bean Palace was chipped because of this impact, it became much slower, but due to the mysterious soul beast’s control, it still pursued Fang Yuan’s true body.


 “What is going on? I used familiar face, but the enemy can still sense me?” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


 Ever since Fang Yuan obtained rank eight attitude Immortal Gu, and after modifying familiar face, he had relied on it mostly without ever failing.


 But currently, the enemy ignored it and pursued Fang Yuan’s true body, it was a first for him.


 “Even during the tribulation, I deceived heaven’s will, what method is the enemy using to find me?”


 Fang Yuan could not understand.


 “No, it is not wisdom path.”


 “I have ghost official garment to protect against deductions. If anyone wants to deduce matters about me, they would need to get past ghost official garment. But now, there are no signs of deductions.”


 “How in the world is the enemy doing this?”



***
Chapter 1516 - Karma Divine Tree


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Just as Divine Bean Palace chased after Fang Yuan, far away on a small mound, a young looking Gu Immortal was sitting with his legs crossed.


 He wore a green robe, he had the aura of a scholar, he looked young but his eyes were deep and wise.


 It was the person sent by Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei, the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects, Chen Yi.


 At this moment, his eyes were shut, his aura was almost entirely concealed, he seemed to have fused with heaven and earth.


 As he continued to use his immortal killer move, green smoke rose from his shoulders and head.


 The smoke gathered six feet above his head, gradually slowing down and circulating within itself, forming into the shape of a tree.


 This tree had a thick trunk and lush green leaves, there were dozens of fruits hanging on it.


 But these fruits were very weird, they were in all kinds of shapes, colors and sizes. Some were like black peaches, some were pink but large like a basin, some had spikes on them, some had transparent skin, the flesh and core could be seen from the outside.


 A moment later, Chen Yi stopped using his killer move as the green smoke divine tree faded away.


 He opened his eyes slowly and thought with certainty: “So that’s it.”


 He had already understood the entire flow of events.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable came after Red Lotus Demon Venerable and was before Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, he was one of the leaders of Heavenly Court.


 Three hundred thousand years ago, during the Medieval Antiquity Era, Genesis Lotus was journeying in the west.


 At that time, he had already become an Immortal Venerable, he was invincible in the world, but he hid his name and disguised himself as a mortal Gu Master, traveling the world.


 One day, he came to an oasis in the desert and was welcomed warmly by the young and old in the village.


 He met a child, upon seeing that he was a Gu Master, the child begged him to revive his deceased mother.


 “People cannot be resurrected after they die.” Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable rejected, he was about to console the kid.


 “Forget it if you won’t help!” The child turned around and left with hatred.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable did not mind it, but suddenly, green smoke emerged above his head, almost about to burst out.


 He was shocked as he thought: “I created this rank nine immortal killer move karma1 divine tree after gaining inspiration from Limitless Demon Venerable’s true inheritance. I can use fate as the soil to take root and use luck as the water to nourish the leaves. I can ignore all disturbances and confusion in this world to find the root cause and effect of matters.”


 “I rejected the child earlier, it was a small cause, on the surface, it is a small matter. But karma divine tree reacted to it, this shows that the small cause will turn into a great and disastrous effect.”


 Even though Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable knew this, he did not go to kill the child immediately.


 “Everything in this world is like a seed planted into the soil, it will eventually grow into a huge tree. With myriad lifeforms, there will be countless trees, creating a dense forest of destiny.”


 “Letting the tree grow naturally without interfering, that is the most natural way, it will allow the world to prosper and stay good.”


 “If I interfere forcefully, it is the same as humanity disrupting the order of heaven, we would be creating trouble for ourselves.”


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was the leader of Heavenly Court, he followed the decree of fate.


 Humans could not be resurrected, this was the rule set by fate, therefore, even if Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable could do it, he would not revive dead people.


 Similarly, his encounter with this child was the arrangement of fate, there was no need to resist it.


 “However, once the tree matures and develops the bad fruit, we will have to pluck it and stop evil from spreading. We immortals are merely the pesticide of this world.”


 Thinking of this, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable sighed and left behind his Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace.


 He did not hand Divine Bean Palace to the child, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable tossed it into the well in the village.


 But in later developments, the village was buried by a sandstorm, Divine Bean Palace happened to fall into the hand of mortals, and after countless transfers within the mortal world, it ended up in the hands of Qing clan.


 Qing clan obtained it and recognized this to be Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s possession, they were extremely happy and arrogant. This angered Spectral Soul, who had yet to become venerable, he engaged in a huge battle with them and slaughtered the entirety of Qing clan, shocking the world.


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder sent the inheritance of Qing clan into Divine Bean Palace at the brink of destruction, concealing it. He also set up a revival method in the hopes of attempting to find a chance of survival.


 Qing clan was wiped out, but the grudge and hatred in them, the countless Gu Immortal fragment souls were drawn and stored into Divine Bean Palace.


 As time passed, green ghost desert slowly formed. In this environment, the soul fragments could not revive, but they slowly gathered and fused, into an unprecedented legendary immemorial soul beast.


 The soul beast had a human nature and deep wisdom, it wanted to take revenge on Spectral Soul, thus, it kept its Qing surname, and called itself Chou1, its name was — Qing Chou!


 It was a pity that when Qing Chou was formed, not only had Spectral Soul become venerable, he also disappeared.


 Qing Chou wanted to take revenge on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s friends and family, but it was imprisoned within Divine Bean Palace.


 Initially, Qing clan’s first supreme elder wanted to find a chance of survival, he made an arrangement within Divine Bean Palace, but had not understood the profundities of Divine Bean Palace.


 Three hundred thousand years ago, the owner of Divine Bean Palace, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, had made his arrangements, to use this to eliminate a bad effect for the world.


 The cause of this bad effect was the rejection by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, when he was traveling, to a child who wanted to revive his mother.


 As times changed, the small cause grew larger and larger, eventually nurturing the legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou was born from Divine Bean Palace, but it was also imprisoned within it.


 Qing Chou was unwilling to stay imprisoned, for countless eons, it tried to unravel the profundities of Divine Bean Palace and control this rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 As time passed, Qing Chou spent all its effort on it, and eventually gained some results.


 It could forcefully manipulate Divine Bean Palace for some time and open an entrance for outsiders to enter.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were unlucky people who had ventured into Divine Bean Palace and were suppressed by Qing Chou, turning into its slaves.


 “This Qing Chou is truly lucky, not only is it a legendary immemorial soul beast, it can cultivate and nurture many wild Immortal Gu on its body naturally, among them is rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.”


 “It refined this Gu and gave it to Old Ghost Bai Jun, wanting to use the soul beast army to help suppress Divine Bean Palace.”


 “It is a pity that the moment Old Ghost Bai Jun moved, he met with Fang clan’s immortals, as well as Suan Bu Jin, not only did he fail, the matter was exposed.”


 “That Fang clan also wants to get Qing clan’s inheritance, Qing Chou might have noticed it and set up this ambush.”


 Chen Yi’s gaze flickered uncertainly, he thought in his mind.


 This situation was much more complex than he had imagined.


 Originally, he wanted to take over Divine Bean Palace using his predecessor’s inheritance, but now, a super force and a legendary immemorial soul beast were involved.


 “It is a pity.”


 “My wood path killer move karma divine tree is still at rank eight level. If it is rank nine, the divine tree would create karma fruits according to my wishes.”


 “By then, I will pluck some good fruits and reverse deduce the cause. I will be able to resolve this problematic matter by targeting its root cause easily.”


 Chen Yi sighed before he concealed his figure, vanishing on the spot.


 He could only watch this situation now and wait for a chance to strike.


 In the battlefield, one chased while the other ran.


 “How is the enemy finding out my true body?” Fang Yuan was filled with questions.


 He did not know that Divine Bean Palace belonged to Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, and was placed here due to the killer move karma divine tree, it seemed to be a random action, but there was profound reasoning behind it.


 Legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou was birthed in Divine Bean Palace, it gained some of karma divine tree’s power, turning into obsession that was deep rooted in Qing Chou’s thirst for revenge.


 Thus, Qing Chou could easily discern anyone who was closely related to Spectral Soul.


 In essence, this was not a wisdom path method but wood path instead.


 Forget about ordinary wood path methods, but this was a wood path killer move from Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, he had created this incredible move after becoming a venerable.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan inherited Spectral Soul true inheritance, it was a burden here.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered the whole of Qing clan in the past, that cause was now becoming a bad effect that had been passed on to Fang Yuan.


 However, even though Fang Yuan’s disguise did not deceive Qing Chou, he managed to hide from Chen Yi who was outside the battlefield.


 Fang Yuan did not materialize reverse flow protection seal, he had modified most of his wisdom path methods too, they changed greatly after the addition of theft path mortal Gu, with the protection of ghost official garment, and the fact that Chen Yi was focused on Divine Bean Palace, it was normal for Fang Yuan to remain concealed.


 But the problem now was, Divine Bean Palace still chased after Fang Yuan.


 “Isn’t this enemy too obsessed? The encirclement was broken by me, but they still want to kill me?” Fang Yuan flew rapidly.


 Earlier, Divine Bean Palace had crashed into the winged black python immemorial soul beast, it became much slower, Fang Yuan pulled apart by a huge distance as a result.


 It had regained its speed now, but it was still far from catching up to Fang Yuan.


 “Even though I have reverse flow protection seal, there is no need to continue fighting this enemy. The enemy is after Fang clan, I almost died when I came out to fight, this is sincere enough. And now, this is Fang clan’s problem.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, he flew towards Fang clan’s rank seven Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall.


 Within Fallen Flower Hall, Fang An Lei breathed in deeply, she felt great pressure against Divine Bean Palace.


 But her expression was determined, she instructed the two beside her: “Fang Yun and Fang Leng, assist me in controlling Fallen Flower Hall. We will save Suan Bu Jin first, before fighting with this Divine Bean Palace!”


 The situation was quite amusing.


 Qing Chou wanted to kill Fang Yuan, but he did not know that.


 Fang Yuan thought that Qing Chou was after Fang clan.


 Fang clan also thought that Qing Chou was after them, Suan Bu Jin was already sincere enough in his actions. In all fairness, they had to fight against Divine Bean Palace now!


 Even the Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal Chen Yi had the same thought. In his perception, this Suan Bu Jin was quite unlucky, he actually got implicated in this matter!



***
Chapter 1517 - Fallen Flower Hall versus Divine Bean Palace (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing that Fang Yuan had escaped the ambush and entered Fallen Flower Hall, legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou roared furiously, its eyes were blood shot, its killing intent was surging, it wanted to devour its enemies.


 Its hatred towards Fang Yuan had existed since it was created.


 It was originally made from Qing clan’s Gu Immortals’ soul fragments, it had an immense hatred towards Spectral Soul, overwhelmingly so.


 Thus, even though it had humanlike intelligence, when it met Fang Yuan and could not kill him, the hatred within took over.


 Within Divine Bean Palace, green light flickered, suppressing Qing Chou, but it ignored the light and used Divine Bean Palace to charge at Fallen Flower Hall.


 “Master, I can’t continue anymore...” Old Ghost Bai Jun screamed in agony.


 “Kill, kill him, otherwise, you can all die!” Qing Chou roared.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun’s and Eagle Concubine’s expressions changed, they had never seen their master so angry, and so filled with hatred against one person!


 This overwhelming hatred assaulted them and made them shudder, they subconsciously wanted to escape.


 But they were enslaved by Qing Chou, they could not resist, they had no choice but to grit their teeth, the former mobilized his immemorial soul beasts, while the latter prepared immortal killer moves against Fallen Flower Hall.


 Once Fang Yuan entered Fallen Flower Hall, Qing Chou was left with only one target, it naturally attacked them.


 The enemy came imposingly, Fang An Lei steered Fallen Flower Hall as they escaped.


 This rank seven Immortal Gu House was even faster than Fang Yuan, even though it could not match the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The winged black python immemorial soul beast was gradually left behind, but the flying spider immemorial soul beast was too fast, it tried to enter from Fallen Flower Hall’s roof.


 At the same time, Eagle Concubine screeched as her eagle claws waved, slashing and creating countless marks on Fallen Flower Hall like a rain was pouring down.


 Fallen Flower Hall could not dodge it now, but Fang An Lei was not anxious, she was patiently waiting.


 She said to Fang Yun and Fang Leng: “Manipulate Fallen Flower Hall and fly, I will use a killer move against the enemy.”


 Saying this, Fallen Flower Hall burst out with snow-white light under her manipulation.


 On the surface of Fallen Flower Hall, the countless blooming flowers wilted and died.


 The snow-white light faded slowly, turning into a huge flower on the roof of Fallen Flower Hall.


 This flower was even bigger than the roof, the petals were like mirrors, reflecting the light. With a crisp sound, the flower bloomed entirely, it was a beautiful sight.


 Immortal killer move — Mirror Flower1!


 The frenzied claw that attacked was about to land on Fallen Flower Hall, when the mirror flower on the roof burst out with a strong attractive force.


 Ding ding dong dong!


 With a chain of crisp sounds, the dark claw marks were absorbed into the mirror flower.


 After absorbing the claw marks, several petals on the mirror flower shattered, but the remaining dozen petals closed up.


 At this moment, Divine Bean Palace got close.


 The remaining mirror flower bloomed again, shooting out all of the claw marks.


 The claw marks landed on Divine Bean Palace and created intense metallic sparks.


 Divine Bean Palace’s advancement was halted, using the propulsion force of shooting the claw marks, Fallen Flower Hall increased its speed and got away from Divine Bean Palace.


 “Oh no, that immemorial soul beast flying spider is about to get in!” At this time, Fang Yun shouted.


 Even though Fallen Flower Hall forced Eagle Concubine and Divine Bean Palace back, that flying spider had the advantage of a small body, it was attached to a corner of Fallen Flower Hall and tried to squeeze in.


 Fallen Flower Hall was an Immortal Gu House after all, as a complete structure, the flying spider could not get in even after so long, it was far from reaching the crucial area.


 But the situation was very dangerous.


 Once it broke through the surface, the flying spider could get inside.


 Immortal Gu Houses were made of countless Gu worms, if the immemorial soul beast got in, it would cause great destruction.


 Gu worms were extremely fragile, the consequences would be severe then.


 Even though Fallen Flower Hall could self-regenerate, the speed of regeneration could not match the destructive power of an immemorial soul beast.


 At the crucial moment, Fang An Lei made her move.


 Immortal killer move — Fleeting Bloom!


 The mirror flower on the roof had already wilted, but in its spot, another flower grew.


 The flower was not big, it was quite delicate, once it appeared, it turned into light shadows as it dissipated with the wind.


 But this mysterious power was locked onto the flying spider. Its speed drastically fell.


 “This wood path Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall is amazing! No wonder it had such an incredible effect during the five regions chaotic war in the five hundred years of my previous life.”


 “The mirror flower earlier was a wood path killer move, but it had the power of rule path, able to reflect attacks. The fleeting flower now is also a wood path killer move, but it has the power of time path!”


 Fang Yuan was watching inside the hall, his gaze was flickering.


 Fang An Lei first used mirror flower to force back Divine Bean Palace and Eagle Concubine, before using fleeting bloom to alleviate the flying spider crisis. Her expression was pale and her eyes were seeing stars now, using two consecutive killer moves expended more than just immortal essence!


 These two killer moves had incredible power, even though they were rank seven, when used by Fallen Flower Hall, they had a trace of rank eight power. Especially against that flying spider which was an immemorial soul beast.


 But the stronger the move, the greater the cost of using it. Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, he could tell that Fang An Lei had expended her own lifespan!


 “My Fallen Flower Hall is among the top of rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, but against two immemorial soul beasts, Divine Bean Palace, and two rank seven demonic path Gu Immortals, they are too much to handle! Even after going all out, I could only temporarily defend us!”


 Fang An Lei’s heart jumped, she turned to look at Fang Yuan, thinking: “This person has incredible methods, his pressure was even greater than mine earlier, but he could think calmly during the moment of crisis and find a way out of that desperate situation. Right now, we need his help, otherwise, I would not last long.”


 Thinking of this, Fang An Lei activated her method and transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 She was too busy dealing with the enemies, she could not speak to Fang Yuan normally, she had to communicate like this.


 Fang Yuan received this information and saw that Fang An Lei wanted to formally ally with him, to resist this powerful enemy!


 Fang An Lei talked about the benefits and costs, the two parties had to work together sincerely now, to delay the enemies until Fang clan’s reinforcements could arrive.


 Fang An Lei felt that Fang Yuan could not escape, but the truth was, not only could he run, he had reverse flow protection seal to fight the enemies if he wanted to.


 But now, Fang Yuan chose to stay for the sake of getting closer to Fang clan and establishing a relationship, so that he could plan for the future.


 “I can escape but Fang An Lei cannot. Thus, this alliance agreement is quite good for me, I need to thank this powerful enemy who ambushed us. If not for them, Fang clan would not ally with me so easily and with such loose conditions too.”


 Originally, Fang clan had suggested the project of impermanence rock, this was still written inside the alliance agreement.


 Even though they already found Divine Bean Palace, and the impermanence rock was just an excuse, Fang An Lei was quite astute, she retained that original project.


 Other than the rank six Immortal Gu, Fang An Lei also promised Fang Yuan quite a lot of immortal materials as compensation.


 “The rank six Immortal Gu is not very useful for me, but if I suggest a rank seven Immortal Gu, it would seem like I am extorting them. Immortal Gu are unique, Fang An Lei also is not necessarily qualified to promise it on behalf of Fang clan. Forget it! This is a prime opportunity, I do not need to be greedy and ruin it.”


 Fang Yuan thought about his plan and made up his mind, he told Fang An Lei: “I will join this alliance!”


 He considered questions rapidly as thoughts surged in his mind, he only took a moment.


 Fang An Lei was extremely joyful, she was afraid that Fang Yuan would be arrogant and suspicious, but seeing that he decided in an instant, she praised: this was truly a wisdom path expert, he is decisive and knows how to judge the situation well.


 Fang clan had prepared the Immortal Gu and method for this alliance when they came, the two sides made the alliance agreement rapidly.


 But now, Fallen Flower Hall was encircled heavily.


 Boom!


 Divine Bean Palace came crashing, Fallen Flower Hall’s path was blocked and could not dodge in time, it fell towards the ground like a shooting star.


 “Kill! Kill! Kill!” Within Divine Bean Palace, Qing Chou roared, the joy of taking revenge filled its heart. The green light around it had taken solid form and was stabbing into its body, but it completely ignored it...



***
Chapter 1518 - Fallen Flower Hall versus Divine Bean Palace (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fallen Flower Hall was inferior to Divine Bean Palace, with this impact, a huge hole formed on its west wall.


 Qing Chou descended with rage as Divine Bean Palace attacked again.


 At the same time, that flying spider also penetrated the surface of Fallen Flower Hall, Fang clan was in great danger now.


 At the crucial moment, Fang An Lei screamed shrilly as she used the strongest method.


 Immortal killer move — Empty Valley Orchid!


 The entire Immortal Gu House started shrinking, in the blink of an eye, it became as small as a child’s toy.


 The moment it landed on the desert, the hole created in contrast to Fallen Flower Hall’s original size, was like a tiny fish compared to the lake.


 At this moment, on the surface of Fallen Flower Hall, countless flower petals appeared, becoming stalks or orchids as fragrance spread out.


 Divine Bean Palace came crashing, but even though Fallen Flower Hall was right in front of it, it actually had to travel a huge distance to get to Fallen Flower Hall.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was affected, along with Eagle Concubine and the winged black python immemorial soul beast as well.


 Space was greatly expanded and stretched by several times.


 Fang An Lei had her eyes shut as sweat rolled down her forehead, her expression was pale, she was trying hard to sustain the move.


 “Amazing! I will deal with the flying spider.” Fang Yuan praised, coming out of the hole and flying towards the spider by taking a detour.


 Under the effect of empty valley orchid, Fang Yuan was temporarily safe, he was in no danger of exposing reverse flow protection seal.


 Immortal Gu Houses were different from ancient battle formations, within the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan could not use his methods, he was an observer. He could only act after he went outside.


 “Let me see if rank eight Soul Beast Token is stronger than my hundred and eighty slaves!”


 Immortal killer move — Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


 Fang Yuan’s enslavement path killer move was very special, it enslaved higher ranked beasts. Fang Yuan had a soul beast army, he could enslave an immemorial soul beast.


 But this flying spider was under the effect of rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.


 Fang Yuan wanted to enslave the flying spider, he was competing hundred and eighty slaves killer move against Soul Beast Token.


 Once he used this move, the flying spider immemorial soul beast shook, its speed of infiltrating the Immortal Gu House became very slow.


 “Impressive!” Fang Yun was joyful.


 Fang Leng’s spirits also lifted.


 Fang Yuan was surging with immortal aura, he activated the killer move hundred and eighty slaves to its limit, instilling the effect into the flying spider.


 The flying spider struggled intensely, its control was contested between Fang Yuan and Old Ghost Bai Jun, it could not help itself.


 Hundred and eighty slaves was rank seven, it could not match rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token. But the power of this move did not come entirely from Gu worms, it also depended on the number of soul beasts.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had a large number of soul beasts, this increased the power of hundred and eighty slaves, allowing it to reach rank eight and rival Soul Beast Token.


 Both sides were in a stalemate!


 Fallen Flower Hall had landed in a deep pit in the desert, above it were Divine Bean Palace, an immemorial soul beast and Eagle Concubine, far away, there was a soul beast army with Old Ghost Bai Jun hidden behind two immemorial soul beasts.


 Within Fallen Flower Hall, Fang An Lei had her eyes shut, she was frowning deeply, her body was shaking intensely, about to fall down.


 She activated empty valley orchid and resisted a band of rank eight enemies, she was already going all out. Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall was creaking, it could not last against so many enemies.


 “The battle is really disadvantageous to my side.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with brilliance.


 He did not display much of his battle strength, most of his methods were still unused. If he went all out, this battle would change drastically.


 However, if he was careless and exposed reverse flow protection seal, Fang Yuan’s identity would be found out, that was detrimental to his plans.


 “I need to disguise my identity while resolving this crisis, what should I do... hmm?” Suddenly, Fang Yuan had a sensation.


 He saw the flying spider stopped shaking, it accepted the enslavement of hundred and eighty slaves. The power of Soul Beast Token, that was fighting with Fang Yuan earlier, had already disappeared.


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan turned to look, over ten li away, he could see that Old Ghost Bai Jun was coughing out blood.


 The reason was, Old Ghost Bai Jun had reached his limits, even though he was trying desperately to continue, he had no energy to spare.


 Using rank seven cultivation level to manipulate four immemorial soul beasts, even though he was using rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, it was still an incredible display. But now, he could not continue anymore.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token was on par with hundred and eighty slaves, but Old Ghost Bai Jun was not, he rapidly lost in the contest.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, after a few dozen breaths of time, he completely subdued the flying spider and obtained an immemorial soul beast.


 “Senior, good job!” Fang Yun and Fang Leng felt a surge of morale.


 Fang Yuan enslaved the flying spider, it was out of their expectations, but they did not feel any suspicions.


 After all, Fang Yuan had manipulated a soul beast army earlier, it was understandable that he had a method to enslave immemorial soul beasts.


 After getting the flying spider, Fang Yuan controlled it to attack Divine Bean Palace.


 This immemorial soul beast was not Divine Bean Palace’s match, but it had an advantage in its small build, under Fang Yuan’s control, it was very useful.


 However, it was difficult for the flying spider to travel as well.


 It turned out that empty valley orchid did not differentiate enemy and ally, its effect also affected Fang Yuan’s immemorial soul beast.


 “Is it because this move cannot be controlled freely, or has Fang An Lei reached her limits already, like what happened to Old Ghost Bai Jun?” Fang Yuan had a sense of worry.


 At this moment, he felt something and turned around, seeing two Immortal Gu Houses flying towards them!


 Eagle Concubine shouted in shock: “Master, let’s retreat!!”


 At the crucial moment, Fang clan’s reinforcements arrived.


 “Kill, kill him!” Qing Chou was completely shrouded by rage, it could not think logically, it did not care about the situation or what Eagle Concubine was saying, it only wanted to kill Fang Yuan.


 Eagle Concubine saw that her master refused to retreat, her expression was pale, thinking that she was going to die here today.


 Far away, Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder Chen Yi had been observing the situation secretly, but he was also worried now.


 “Oh no, oh no! Fang clan’s reinforcements have arrived, they are all high tier rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, Chicken Dog Coop and Inquiry Dock, if these two join with Fallen Flower Hall, they would create the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze. If I am trapped inside, I would not be able to escape, I would die. Not to mention Qing Chou who is trapped inside Divine Bean Palace, it is unable to use the full power of Divine Bean Palace.”


 Thinking of this, Chen Yi sighed, he showed a helpless expression “To think that my first action in this trip is not to deal with Qing Chou but to help it instead.”


 Saying so, green smoke appeared above his head, forming into the divine tree rapidly.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 The fruits on the karma divine tree shook, Divine Bean Palace shone with green light, turning the sky jade green.


 Within the palace, countless green lights expanded, turning from twigs to spears, stabbing Qing Chou from all directions!


 Qing Chou roared in anger, its hoarse voice carried a feeling of sadness, hatred, anger, and bitterness!


 “I feel anger, I feel hatred, I am unwilling to give up, I want him dead!!!”


 It was in a state of madness, an aura of power burst out within it, countless auras of Immortal Gu surged from its body, mixing together into an immortal killer move.


 Boom—!


 This killer move was terrifyingly powerful, it shot out and destroyed several huge pillars of Divine Bean Palace, next, the strong impact forced the door of Divine Bean Palace open!


 Qing Chou roared, it finally saw the outside world through this door.


 It mustered its strength and tried to get up, its snake neck was outstretched, it opened its mouth and almost extended all the way to its head, it was quite scary.


 Swoosh!


 With a soft sound, its purple tongue extended like a sharp blade, stabbing at Fang Yuan with a rapid speed.


 The surroundings of Fallen Flower Hall were guarded by the killer move empty valley orchid, but this peculiar purple tongue sword was unrestricted, it pierced many layers of space, arriving at Fang Yuan’s forehead in an instant.


 Intense killing intent assaulted him.


 “I’ll dodge it!” A sinister light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he followed the hole that was created and went inside Fallen Flower Hall.


 Puff!


 The purple tongue sword chased him, crashing into Fallen Flower Hall and creating a hole.


 But it did not slow down at all, it continued to extend, until it stabbed into Fang An Lei’s chest.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng were shocked.


 Fang An Lei stared with her eyes wide open, her body was stiff, she slowly looked down at her chest.


 “Friend!” Fang Yuan cried out in dismay.



***
Chapter 1519 - Finding Trouble After Plotting Against Them


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang An Lei was hit by the purple tongue sword, she turned stiff as a rock, her face was started to turn purple as well.


 That purple tongue sword pierced her body, but it was incredibly agile, it turned around and pierced towards Fang Yuan.


 But at this point, Fang Yun and Fang Leng had already reacted, they controlled the Immortal Gu House as profound lights shined, suppressing the purple tongue sword and slowing it down.


 Vines extended and coiled around Fang An Lei’s body, the fragrance of flowers permeated as colorful flowers grew, flower petals stuck to her flesh as light flowed into Fang An Lei’s body through the vines, healing her.


 Fang Yuan had a grim expression, but coldness was concealed in his eyes, he was thinking rapidly.


 Fang clan’s reinforcements had arrived, there were three Immortal Gu Houses now, Fallen Flower Hall, Chicken Dog Coop, and Inquiry Dock. These three Immortal Gu Houses could form the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze, it was incredibly powerful.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, this move was extremely famous and threatening. Shadow Sect’s information also emphasized on this point, informing him to be careful.


 After fighting for some time, Fang Yuan could tell that this Divine Bean Palace was strange.


 Earlier, Qing Chou opened the palace door and attacked with its full power, Fang Yuan learned about some truths due to that.


 It seemed to be an immemorial soul beast controlling this rank eight Immortal Gu House! And it could only fly around, it could not unleash the full power of this rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Immortal Gu Houses possessed both offense and defense, a charging attack was the most direct and time-saving method. But Immortal Gu Houses had all sorts of abilities, like Fallen Flower Hall’s mirror flower, fleeting bloom, and empty valley orchid, they were all killer moves. Hei tribe’s Dark Prison Immortal Gu House also had a method to enslave and store ancient desolate beasts.


 Northern Plains’ Hei tribe was destroyed, it could not compare to a top super force of Western Desert like Fang clan.


 Immortal Gu Houses were different in power levels too. If the rank eight Immortal Gu House could not use its methods and could only move around and charge, it was not the match of Fang clan’s three Immortal Gu Houses.


 But if Fang clan won and suppressed this rank eight Immortal Gu House, or even obtained it, what could Fang Yuan gain from that?


 According to their alliance agreement, Fang Yuan would only get a rank six Immortal Gu and some immortal materials.


 And possibly, after Fang clan obtains the rank eight Immortal Gu House, all four Immortal Gu Houses would forcefully make Fang Yuan sign a new alliance agreement!


 In this current situation, with the Immortal Gu House in front of him, how could Fang Yuan not have any intention to reap profits?


 But to do that, he needed to balance the strength of both sides, therefore, Fang Yuan improvised to use the purple tongue sword to weaken Fang clan, getting rid of Fang An Lei.


 Having set an alliance agreement, how could Fang clan and Fang Yuan plot against each other like this?


 But the truth was, the alliance agreement was very lax on this term, they barely covered it.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan was safe after plotting against Fang An Lei!


 Did Fang An Lei not know about this loophole?


 Of course she knew!


 In fact, this was Fang clan’s ill intention to begin with.


 Fang An Lei was thinking of making use of Fang Yuan, the collection of the impermanence rock was a plan to make use of Fang Yuan.


 Thus, because she had such plans, if she added that clause into the alliance agreement, she would be harming herself!


 Therefore, Fang An Lei was intentionally lax on that aspect and did not create much restriction on it, moreover, the situation was urgent, even if Fang Yuan found out and raised objections, she could make use of this excuse.


 Of course Fang Yuan found out!


 He was so crafty, he had the same plans too, but he pretended to not notice and act dumb.


 During the intense battle, Fang An Lei did not manage to succeed in her scheme against Fang Yuan, instead, she became the victim.


 “Such guts!”


 “We need to kill this scum!!”


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals screamed furiously in the two Immortal Gu Houses, they had already learned of Fang An Lei’s injury.


 Chicken Dog Coop and Inquiry Dock rushed into the battlefield rapidly like shooting stars.


 But before they even did anything, Divine Bean Palace shined with dazzling light.


 Qing Chou tried its best but could not kill Fang Yuan, it was extremely weakened now, Divine Bean Palace suppressed it forcefully.


 Divine Bean Palace started to activate on its own, green light spread in the battlefield, sending the fainted Old Ghost Bai Jun, the pale Eagle Concubine, and the remaining soul beasts into the palace and flying into the sky.


 It retreated!


 This was out of everyone’s expectations.


 Even Fang Yuan was a little shocked, this was not in line with the enemy’s usual actions.


 Divine Bean Palace flew rapidly, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals hesitated for a moment, Chicken Dog Coop stayed behind while Inquiry Dock flew into the sky, chasing after Divine Bean Palace.


 This Chicken Dog Coop Immortal Gu House had a strange design, it looked like two buildings side by side, the left building was yellow and had a round plaque that had ‘chicken’ written on it, the right building was red and had the word ‘dog’ on its plaque.


 The building’s entrance opened as a Fang clan Gu Immortal flew out, entering Fallen Flower Hall and shouting in anxiety: “An Lei, An Lei!”


 But Fang An Lei’s face was purple, she was unconscious.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng had tired and worried expressions, the latter expressed his guilt: “We did not react in time, it was our fault.”


 This Fang clan Gu Immortal stared at them fiercely: “Of course it’s your fault!”


 Next, his expression changed as he inspected and found that Fang An Lei was about to die, he shouted: “An Lei, An Lei, you need to persevere!!”


 He tried using healing methods but they were ineffective.


 Right at this time, an orange profound light shot out of Chicken Dog Coop, entering Fang An Lei’s forehead.


 The purple miasma on Fang An Lei’s face eased as her life was saved, but she was still unconscious, barely hanging onto life.


 “This killer move is very peculiar, it is a soul path killer move but has poison path effect. She is poisoned, I can only suppress her injury, I cannot heal it!” At this time, an elderly Gu Immortal walked in, he had white hair and wore a yellow robe, showing a solemn expression.


 “Greetings, third supreme elder.” Fang Yun and Fang Leng quickly greeted.


 “Fang clan’s third supreme elder, Fang Hua Sheng...” Fang Yuan thought about this person’s intel.


 “It’s you! You were the one who hid inside Fallen Flower Hall and lured the attack here, causing my An Lei to be hit by that attack, you are the culprit behind this!!” That Fang clan Gu Immortal who was holding Fang An Lei screamed at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked at him coldly, snorting arrogantly: “Who are you?”


 “I am Fang Chen...” That Gu Immortal spoke.


 But before he finished, Fang Yuan waved his sleeves: “I don’t care who you are, if you are unhappy, we can have a fight, do you want a martial duel or a literature duel, I will accept either. If you want to use Fang clan’s forces to deal with me, Suan Bu Jin, hehe, you can go ahead and do that.”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with cold light, he looked around imposingly, his aura was overpowering.


 “Oh no.” Fang Leng and Fang Yun’s hearts sank, Fang Yuan refused to back down, he was very overpowering, they were afraid that the two sides might get into a conflict.


 There was nothing wrong with Fang Yuan hiding inside Fallen Flower Hall in their opinion.


 After all, making good use of the Immortal Gu House on their side was a normal tactic. Not to mention that he was even a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan had saved their lives, Fang Yun felt that he was their benefactor. And most importantly, Fang Yuan played a huge role in the earlier combat, if he did not subdue the flying spider immemorial soul beast, Fallen Flower Hall would have broken apart already.


 As for the luring of the attack, Fang Yuan might not have expected Fang An Lei to get hit.


 And in truth, even Fang Leng and Fang Yun did not expect that Fang An Lei could not dodge in time, that was also why they got stunned earlier.


 “Fang Chen, watch your words. Friend Suan Bu Jin is an ally of our Fang clan, we have an alliance agreement and he even fought hard in the battle earlier, how can you slander him?” Fang Hua Sheng’s expression changed, he chided Fang Chen.


 Next, he turned his gaze to Fang Yuan, saying sincerely: “Fang Chen is the husband of Fang An Lei, he is worried about his wife, he did not mean to offend you, friend, I hope you can forgive him.”


 Fang Chen was the husband of Fang An Lei, but he had the same surname?


 Fang Yuan instantly understood, this Fang Chen had married into Fang clan, he was a lone immortal that was recruited into their clan, after marrying Fang An Lei, he even changed his own surname.


 After getting scolded, Fang Chen lowered his head and did not dare to scream at Fang Yuan anymore, he lowered his head to check on Fang An Lei, even though his methods were useless, he did not stop trying.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, he thought: “Fang Yun and Fang Leng are worried, Fang Hua Sheng is an old sly fox, Fang Chen is not simple either, as an in-law of Fang clan, he is likely not overcome by emotions, he just had to play his part and act like that because his wife was heavily injured. But it is a pity, I do not fear them.”


 Fang Yuan was fearless, because of that alliance agreement.


 Fang An Lei had made that alliance agreement on behalf of Fang clan, she had interacted the most with Fang Yuan.


 If Fang clan went back on their words, Fang An Lei would face the backlash of the information path dao marks. In her current condition, how could she take that?


 Any bit of backlash would kill her on the spot!


 This was what Fang Yuan wanted to see.


 Of course, there were methods to break alliance agreements, but those methods carried risks, they were not completely safe.


 And even if Fang clan had such methods, in Fang An Lei’s current condition, they would be apprehensive to use them.


 It could be said that the fainted Fang An Lei was Fang Yuan’s greatest protection.


 Fang Yuan was fearless, he sneered: “Friend Fang Hua Sheng, your Fang clan needs to give me a good answer. Otherwise, I will not let this go!”


 “Hmm?” Fang Yun and Fang Leng looked at each other, what was Senior Suan Bu Jin doing by questioning Fang clan now?


 Even Fang Chen, who was lowering his head, turned to look at Fang Yuan, his gaze had the meaning of ‘how could this person be so overbearing, even though I did not provoke you further, you are actually going overboard to find trouble with us?’


 Fang Hua Sheng also had an appropriate display of confusion and coldness on his face: “What do you mean, friend? Does my Fang clan owe you anything?”



***
Chapter 1520 - Negotiation Fails


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he looked at Fang Hua Sheng without fear, his gaze was cold and his attitude was unyielding.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he spoke: “I, Suan Bu Jin, am a wisdom path Gu Immortal, would I really be so easily deceived? Why did your Fang clan’s Gu Immortals fall into Old Ghost Bai Jun’s hands? In this battle, Fang clan’s reinforcements came at such a timing, you could casually bring out two rank seven Immortal Gu Houses and multiple Gu Immortals. Since when did Fang clan have so many Gu Immortals to mobilize at will?”


 Fallen Flower Hall turned silent.


 Fang Yuan had all sorts of wisdom path methods, earlier, he did not have enough information, but now, he could deduce many things from just the fragmented information he had gathered.


 Fang Chen’s expression changed, his gaze turned dark.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng looked at each other with awkward expressions.


 Fang Hua Sheng laughed loudly, worthy of a sly old fox.


 He laughed heartily: “Friend Suan Bu Jin, you are absolutely right, I am not going to beat about the bush, I’ll tell you. This is Fang clan’s tactic, for generations, we have plotted to obtain this rank eight Immortal Gu House, we must have it! Friend, if you lend us a hand, we will express our deepest gratitude. See this.”


 Saying so, he took out an information path mortal Gu and handed it to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took a look, it was another alliance agreement.


 The rules were: As long as Fang Yuan helped Fang clan to take the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan would compensate him with a rank seven Immortal Gu, he would be allowed to choose one from their treasury. There would also be a lot of rank six and seven immortal materials given to him.


 Of course, confidentiality was the most important point.


 The information path Gu worm emphasized this, even if Fang Yuan did not undergo the agreement and gave up, Fang clan would not stop him. But he would have to go somewhere and cultivate in seclusion for some time, and follow another confidentiality agreement as well.


 “Oh? Divine Bean Palace, is that the Immortal Gu House created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable?”


 “Information about this Immortal Gu House is very rare, even within Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, there is little said about it.”


 “Fang clan has been plotting for so long, they are actually after Divine Bean Palace.”


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable... Fang clan has put in so much time, resources, and manpower, of course they need the confidentiality.”


 Fang Yuan pondered.


 The confidentiality agreement was not too much to ask, even Fang Yuan would do so.


 Fang clan was already very polite, of course, the reason was that Fang Yuan had great strength and was a rare wisdom path Gu Immortal, Fang clan wanted to recruit him.


 At the same time, because Divine Bean Palace was involved, Fang clan had to be very careful, during this period, any of their decisions had to be carefully thought out, they did not want to provoke Fang Yuan.


 If this person had any special methods and ruined Fang clan’s plans, what would they do?


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s problem was not about keeping confidentiality, but what could he gain from this entire event.


 The biggest gain was the Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, of course!


 Fang Yuan could fight rank eight, thus, even if he was inside Fallen Flower Hall and was surrounded by Fang clan Gu Immortals, it was easy to fight his way out.


 But to ruin his relationship with Fang clan for the Divine Bean Palace that had yet to be obtained, it was too big of a loss.


 Let alone whether Fang Yuan could defeat the amply prepared Fang clan, even regarding Divine Bean Palace itself, it was hard for Fang Yuan to suppress it.


 And Fang Yuan also needed a vast number of soul cores in green ghost desert to cultivate...


 After thinking about it thoroughly, Fang Yuan decided to play around with them for now, it was too early to go against them. And alliance agreements were not unresolvable.


 Even if he could not resolve them, Fang Yuan had methods to restrict, delay, and use immortal killer move self cleansing later. Even if it did not work, Fang Yuan could go to Northern Plains and borrow Immortal Gu No and Care to create immortal killer move ‘do not care’.


 Thus, Fang Yuan spoke: “If your clan obtains the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, your strength will rise to the top of Western Desert. Your conquest is in sight, but you are only offering peanuts to me, isn’t it too little?”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan paused and destroyed the information path mortal Gu, he placed his arms behind his back as he said: “Actually, I can be bought over, but this amount is simply too little.”


 Fang Hua Sheng saw Fang Yuan’s look of arrogance as he thought: “The intel is right, this person is truly full of himself!”


 He smiled and said to Fang Yuan: “Oh? Friend, this means you want to participate in this and help our Fang clan? This is naturally better!”


 “After all, Divine Bean Palace originates from Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it is legendary. How can I not participate in such an event? Moreover, if I do not join, would your Fang clan feel assured with me?” Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered.


 Fang Hua Sheng praised: “Hahaha, you are very understanding. We are not misers, we can negotiate over what conditions you have. However... the compensation must match the amount of contribution, I am sure you agree with that?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Of course, let’s settle the scores first. Firstly, even if I do nothing and watch, keeping confidential is already a form of contribution to Fang clan, you need to compensate me for that. Secondly, I saved Fang Yun and Fang Leng, even though I did that on a whim, I undoubtedly helped you in this plan to get Divine Bean Palace. Earlier, I did not want any rewards, but now, I do. Furthermore, I was attacked and helped to defend Fallen Flower Hall, fighting against such strong enemies in a dangerous fight, I need compensation for that too. And finally, even after my efforts, a member of your Fang clan accused me and slandered my goodwill, my mood has been ruined, I also need to be compensated for that.”


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng heard Fang Yuan’s chain of words as they went into a daze.


 “Why did he involve me?” Fang Chen was stunned: “And... bad mood also needs to be compensated?!”


 Fang Hua Sheng’s old face was twitching, he noticed that negotiating with this wisdom path Gu Immortal would be a troublesome affair!


 Fang Yuan listed endless demands, while Fang Hua Sheng tried to lower them.


 But how could he be Fang Yuan’s match?


 Fang Yuan purposely made all of his claims complex and unreasonable, after Fang Hua Sheng negotiated with him and changed a term, Fang Yuan would go back to a previous term and edit that in retrospect.


 Using this method, Fang Hua Sheng was soon confused by Fang Yuan’s constant changes, he could not continue in this negotiation.


 But Fang Yuan did not let him go, he continued to advance in his claims.


 Eventually, their negotiations ended up exceeding Fang Hua Sheng’s bottom line.


 “I cannot accept this condition. Friend Suan Bu Jin, you can consider it, I will be inside the Immortal Gu House Chicken Dog Coop, after you think about it, you can find me for the alliance agreement.” He left with a dark expression, waving his sleeves and leaving.


 After leaving Fallen Flower Hall, Fang Hua Sheng entered Chicken Dog Coop.


 The negotiation failed!


 Fang Chen took a peek at Fang Yuan, in his eyes, gratification could be discerned.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng had complex emotions, Fang Yuan was their savior, but their clan’s benefits were involved. They decided to stay silent and did not speak.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, Fang Hua Sheng said that he could not accept it, but that did not mean Fang clan could not accept it. This matter was too important, Fang Hua Sheng left because he could not outmatch Fang Yuan in words, he purposely left, it was a tactic.


 “Hehe, Fang clan is after Divine Bean Palace, regardless of success or failure, I need to set an alliance agreement that benefits me. Firstly, it would show my sincerity, secondly, if I fail to get Divine Bean Palace, this would be my backup compensation.”


 Fang clan sent their third supreme elder, it gave him some leeway.


 The current Fang clan was governed by the first supreme elder, while the second supreme elder was the strategist. These were the two people in power, Fang Yuan had to set the agreement with them.


 “Fang clan’s first supreme elder has rank eight cultivation level, while second supreme elder Fang Di Chang is a wisdom path great grandmaster, but has rank seven cultivation level. He will likely be coming.”


 As expected, a moment later, an Immortal Gu House appeared, it was Inquiry Dock.


 While the Immortal Gu House was still in the sky, Fang Hua Sheng came out of Chicken Dog Coop and flew over.


 Soon, Fang Hua Sheng entered Inquiry Dock: “Second supreme elder, how did it go?”


 Fang Di Chang said: “Divine Bean Palace got faster and faster, we could not catch up, but we have already used a tracking method, it cannot run from us. Now, we need to repair Fallen Flower Hall and combine all three houses to create the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze and trap Divine Bean Palace, to ensure our victory.”


 Fang Hua Sheng reported: “That Suan Bu Jin is a tough person to handle, he has gone overboard, our negotiation failed.”


 “Not yet?” Fang Di Chang smiled, bright light flashing in his eyes.


 Fang Hua Sheng smiled bitterly: “He has a glib tongue, his words are filled with traps, I am not his match. But he has been staying inside Fallen Flower Hall, that place is isolated from the outside world, he is purposely dispelling the suspicion that would come of leaving. Even though his conditions are absurd, he wants to make the alliance agreement with us, it shows his sincerity.”


 Fang Di Chang pondered: “This might not be sincerity, he might be fearless. Fang An Lei was injured, he is quite suspicious. But for our clan’s plan, we can tolerate him for now. After all, a little impatience will spoil great plans, after the negotiation failed, this person remained in Fallen Flower Hall, he is likely waiting for me to negotiate with him. Fine, I will meet him.”


 Inquiry Dock landed as Fang Di Chang came outside, going to meet with Fang Yuan inside Fallen Flower Hall.


 This was the first time they met.


 Fang Di Chang observed Fang Yuan, mentally nodding as he evaluated: “Arrogant and prideful, he must have his superior aspect. Just the act of escaping from the attack of Divine Bean Palace shows his strength. Moreover, he cultivates wisdom path, he is not to be underestimated.”


 Fang Yuan assessed Fang Di Chang, seeing that he had a plain face and ordinary appearance, he was internally shocked: “This person is Fang Di Chang? His immortal aura is utterly concealed, even I cannot sense anything from him, he is deeply hidden, as worthy of a wisdom path great grandmaster!”



***
Chapter 1521 - Peach Blossom Maze


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang clan had a long history.


 As a super force in Western Desert, Fang clan was famous in the world for the Gu house business. It had its own unique wisdom path inheritance.


 Because both mortal and Immortal Gu Houses were essentially immortal killer moves, they were made from countless Gu worms, being comprehensive in both offense and defense.


 Fang clan researched Gu houses and designed new Gu houses, they were deducing new immortal killer moves, they could not do that without deep wisdom path attainment.


 One could say that Fang clan’s wisdom path inheritance was incredible, after generations of research, even Fang Yuan who obtained Spectral Soul’s true inheritance could learn much from it.


 Of course, even though the wisdom path inheritance was superb, the inheritor needed to be of a certain caliber.


 In the current generation, not only was Fang Di Chang compatible with it, he even made Fang clan’s wisdom path inheritance prosper, becoming a great grandmaster!


 He did not use any dream realms to become great grandmaster after all, he had reached it through hard work and research, step by step.


 Fang clan had wisdom path inheritors through each generation, but for the last thousand years, Fang Di Chang was the only great grandmaster that emerged.


 To reach this attainment level, immense talent was needed, resources alone could not produce such a genius.


 Fang Di Chang and Fang Yuan negotiated, the two fought with words, it was like two sword experts fighting in an enclosed space.


 Fang Yuan was suppressed gradually, it was a troublesome opponent.


 “As expected of a wisdom path great grandmaster, impressive.” Fang Yuan could make Fang Hua Sheng completely helpless in a contest of words, but Fang Di Chang resolved them without any problem, nothing that Fang Yuan said had any effect.


 Fang Di Chang had a clear head and memory, his logic was smooth and reasonable, Fang Yuan could not confuse him.


 When people spoke, it was like a game of chess, thinking three moves ahead, some things did not need to be said, while some were crucial to the conversation to prevent twisting of one’s words.


 When wisdom path Gu Immortals talked, they were not three steps ahead, they were hundreds or even a thousand steps ahead.


 Fang Yuan negotiated with Fang Di Chang not just regarding his own benefits, they even did analysis of the situation, discussing the matters of Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan’s current state, and even the entire trend of Western Desert.


 It was simply a debate!


 These things could not be understood by the human brain, they needed to use wisdom path methods and create countless thoughts, to deduce while debating.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng were completely dazed while listening to them, thinking that these two were monsters with incredible cognition speed, they could speak without any thinking time, their words were sharp like swords, listening to them made one feel extremely stupid.


 “My wisdom path dao marks are insufficient, even though I have Immortal Gu, they were obtained recently. And they are not a complete set either, compared to the other party, my foundation is too weak.”


 “In the future, if I fight against Fang clan, I need to find a way and kill this person first!”


 In terms of wisdom path methods, Fang Di Chang surpassed Fang Yuan. But Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, far superior to Fang Di Chang.


 Fang Di Chang thought: this person’s wisdom path cultivation is truly amazing. If he could be recruited into Fang clan, it would be their blessing!


 He felt an urge to recruit this talented individual.


 If he knew Fang Yuan’s true identity and the fact that Fang Yuan was planning to kill him, how would he feel?


 “Hahaha.” While debating, Fang Yuan suddenly laughed.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were confused, why was he laughing for no reason.


 Fang Yuan bowed to Fang Di Chang: “I have heard of senior’s name long ago, it seems you truly live up to your reputation, I have learned a lot.”


 Fang Yuan’s sudden change of attitude made everyone feel surprised, they could not understand why Fang Yuan took the initiative to lower his requests.


 “Earlier, I was merely finding trouble with your clan. Now that you have greater skills, how could I continue acting like so?” Fang Yuan had a cold expression, even when he apologized, he had an arrogant look.


 “Oh? I understand now, this person is prideful, I have finally gained his admiration. Earlier, he was just trying to retaliate. But now that he saw my strength, he has been impressed.” Fang Di Chang’s gaze flickered, he felt a deep emotion: “With this personality and ability, he is not blindly arrogant, there is great benefit in getting him to join Fang clan. But now, Divine Bean Palace is most important, his matter can wait first.”


 Since Fang Yuan took a step back, both sides did not need to argue further, they quickly set a new agreement.


 This alliance agreement was very strict, there were no loopholes in it. Even Fang Yuan frowned secretly, all of the conditions were clearly listed, even the use of self cleansing could violate it. It would not be easy to get free from this restriction, he would need to prepare in advance and expend a lot of manpower and resources.


 Of course, Fang clan was equally bound by this agreement.


 Since the alliance agreement was made, both sides became closer, Fang Yun, Fang Leng, and the rest looked at Fang Yuan in a warmer light.


 “The matter of obtaining Divine Bean Palace is of paramount importance, getting friend Suan Bu Jin’s help is our blessing. I hope you will come to Inquiry Dock with me, we need your help.” Fang Di Chang invited.


 Fang Yuan rolled his eyes in his mind.


 This Fang Di Chang was not trusting of him after the alliance agreement, he wanted to keep Fang Yuan by his side.


 A wisdom path great grandmaster is truly a troublesome person.


 But Fang Yuan’s confidence was in his battle strength, he was not afraid of Fang clan. In fact, he wanted Fang clan to attack him, that way he could execute the clause in the alliance agreement — if any side plots against the other, the other party would be able to retaliate without breaking the alliance agreement.


 After settling Fang Yuan’s matter, Fang Di Chang went on to repair Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall, while getting more reinforcements.


 Half a day later, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals worked together and repaired Fallen Flower Hall completely.


 If the Immortal Gu House was damaged, repairing would be hard. Fang clan had such efficiency, they were truly the number one super force in expertise of Gu houses within Western Desert, and perhaps even the world.


 Not long after, Fang clan’s reinforcements came, two rank seven and one rank six.


 After stabilizing Fang An Lei’s injuries, she was sent back to Fang clan’s headquarters by Fang Chen in an unconscious state.


 One of the two rank seven reinforcements replaced Fang An Lei to control Fallen Flower Hall.


 This way, Fang clan had more than ten Gu Immortals in green ghost desert, with half of them being rank seven! Among them, there was Fang clan’s second supreme elder Fang Di Chang, and third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng, they were both strong experts famous in Western Desert. There were also rank six elites like Fang Yun and Fang Leng.


 This was a huge lineup, one could say that Fang clan had mobilized most of their Gu Immortals in this expedition, they were truly adamant on getting Divine Bean Palace.


 After all, super forces had a lot of territory, they needed Gu Immortals to guard their resource points. Like Wu clan, even as the number one Southern Border super force, it could not easily relocate Gu Immortals, Wu Yong was kept busy because of this matter.


 “Fang clan brought out so many Gu Immortals now, they must have been planning this for so long, they should already be guarding their territories by appearing to make their forces deployed elsewhere, or making secret alliances.”


 This was very risky for Fang clan.


 If anything went wrong and they fell for the other super forces’ schemes, Fang clan would be severely weakened, they would suffer huge losses. They might even face extermination.


 “But for the sake of getting rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, this risk is worth it!” Fang Yuan nodded in his mind, he approved of this action.


 After resting for a while, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals moved out.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses flew together, within Inquiry Dock, Fang Yuan was standing beside Fang Di Chang.


 Unexpectedly, Fang Di Chang actually let him participate in controlling Inquiry Dock!


 The control of the Immortal Gu House was led by Fang Di Chang and several other Fang clan Gu Immortals. Letting an outsider like Fang Yuan take part in it was the same as exposing Inquiry Dock’s secrets to him.


 If Fang Yuan could learn the profundities of Inquiry Dock now, it would be much easier to deal with it in the future.


 Sensing Fang Yuan’s expression, Fang Di Chang smiled: “Friend, you wonder why I trust you so much? Hehehe, actually, it is not a problem for us even if you learn about Inquiry Dock’s profundities. Firstly, we have an alliance agreement, and secondly, some things are easier said in theory, and thirdly, the design of our Inquiry Dock does not stay stagnant over time. The truth is, our Immortal Gu Houses develop as our clan progresses, they continuously get stronger.”


 Fang Yuan was moved: “I have learned about Fang clan’s style of doing things today.”


 Fang Di Chang laughed loudly: “Come to speak of it, I am not sure about your situation, have you been cultivating in green ghost desert all this time?”


 Fang Yuan did not panic when he was asked, he had prepared for this long ago. He answered appropriately and even Fang Di Chang could not sense anything weird.


 The two continued to talk while the other Gu Immortals in Inquiry Dock focused on controlling the Immortal Gu House.


 “It seems that this Fang Di Chang wants to recruit me.” Fang Yuan could sense it from the other party’s tone and expression, feeling a little amused internally.


 But he did not expose this, he pacified Fang Di Chang as much as he could.


 “We have arrived, this is it.” After another while of flying, Fang Di Chang’s suddenly fixed his gaze as he ordered the three Immortal Gu Houses to stop.


 This was still in green ghost desert, but below the three Immortal Gu Houses, there was an ordinary desert with no outstanding features.


 Fang Di Chang squinted his eyes: “This Divine Bean Palace is indeed deeply concealed, set up the formation now!”


 Immortal battlefield killer move — Peach Blossom Maze!


 At once, the surrounding thousand li turned into a peach forest, the trees were extremely tall and the branches were extremely dense, there were no leaves or flowers, not to mention fruits, they were completely bare.


 “Amazing!!” Fang Yuan’s heart couldn’t help but shake.


 This immortal battlefield killer move could trap even rank eight Gu Immortals, it was very impressive.


 After all, this could only be created by combining the effects of three rank seven Immortal Gu Houses.


 “Oh? They are here?” Deep underground, Chen Yi’s heart also jumped.


 At this moment, he had actually infiltrated Divine Bean Palace!



***
Chapter 1522 - Green Armor Vegetable Garden


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent’s Heavenly Lotus Sect was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. During his era, this sect was the number one sect in Central Continent without doubt!


 But now, it was reduced to mid-tier among the ten great ancient sects.


 Times changed, be it organizations or people, they would not remain constant, there were no force that stayed strong forever, nor would they stay weak constantly.


 As the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Chen Yi had Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, he had the ability to greatly interfere with Divine Bean Palace and influence it.


 Fairy Zi Wei was adept at deploying people efficiently, she did not send anyone else to help Chen Yi, he could singlehandedly take over Divine Bean Palace and eliminate the legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou, it was highly likely that he could succeed.


 But something happened along the way.


 “Because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, this Qing Chou was formed in Divine Bean Palace, it has some of the powers of karma divine tree. Thus, it can sense anyone closely related to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if I can capture it, I will be able to research and increase my own understanding of karma divine tree, I can even use it to find the remaining Shadow Sect members!”


 Chen Yi was moved.


 It was not hard to take over Divine Bean Palace and kill Qing Chou. It was originally quite troublesome, but now that Qing Chou was weakened, it was completely suppressed by Divine Bean Palace.


 Chen Yi was a rank eight Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he had incredible strength, using Divine Bean Palace, he could easily get rid of Qing Chou.


 However, Chen Yi had deeper considerations.


 He was the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he had the highest status there! Once this matter was settled, he would go to Heavenly Court, by then, he would no longer be the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, his status would fall greatly.


 Heavenly Court was the strongest organization in the world, after Chen Yi joins, he would be a newcomer, he would have the lowest status.


 Chen Yi had been the first supreme elder for so long, he had been used to the benefits of authority at the top. He would not feel comfortable with this fall in status, he would want to change this and elevate his status if possible.


 And to raise one’s status in Heavenly Court, it could be hard or easy depending on the situation, the method was always the same, one had to make contributions.


 “If I can control Qing Chou, it would help in hunting down Shadow Sect, I would be very important in Heavenly Court. I would be able to make contributions and raise my status and strength rapidly, I would no longer be in this awkward spot of being a newcomer.”


 “Ancestor Genesis Lotus had karma divine tree, but this move was wood path after all, he might not have predicted today’s situation. If he knew about the situation now, he would surely understand and acknowledge why I am doing this.”


 Chen Yi made up his mind, after infiltrating Divine Bean Palace, he cooperated with it in suppressing Qing Chou, while trying to subdue this legendary immemorial soul beast.


 But just as he was still in the process of doing so, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals arrived and set up the immortal battlefield killer move peach blossom maze.


 Once it was set up, Chen Yi immediately sensed it.


 “They came after all.” Chen Yi had a calm expression, he was not flustered. He had already expected Fang clan’s arrival.


 “Go.” Chen Yi stood within the palace, facing Qing Chou, he waved his sleeves and ordered Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine.


 In such a short time, he had already subdued them.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine wanted to resist, but after knowing Chen Yi’s cultivation level and identity, along with Chen Yi’s control over Divine Bean Palace that suppressed their master, these two immediately defected and became Chen Yi’s lackeys.


 Howl! Howl!


 The entrance of Divine Bean Palace opened, a large number of soul beasts charged out.


 Over at the other end, at Fang clan’s side.


 As a wisdom path great grandmaster and the second supreme elder, Fang Di Chang was the leader of this expedition without doubt.


 He ordered as several Gu Immortals flew out of the three Immortal Gu Houses, converging towards the Divine Bean Palace at the center.


 “This peach blossom maze is truly profound! In reality, this Divine Bean Palace should be hidden deep down below the desert, but after the peach blossom maze was set up, it became exposed here in entirety.” Fang Yuan was still inside Inquiry Dock, his eyes were shining as he praised peach blossom maze in his mind.


 Immortal battlefield killer moves could create an environment that benefited the user.


 The peach blossom maze killer move was extremely amazing, it directly changed the terrain of the desert, forcing the hidden Divine Bean Palace to be exposed.


 Fang Yuan could not understand the mechanics behind this, he could only make some guesses.


 Fang clan’s three Immortal Gu Houses were concealed now, they were the cores that sustained the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze, the Gu Immortals inside them were constantly expending immortal essence.


 This huge battlefield was filled with peach trees.


 At the center of this peach tree forest, there was a majestic Immortal Gu House, Divine Bean Palace.


 At this moment, Divine Bean Palace’s entrance opened, a larger number of soul beasts emerged. Countless desolate level and ancient desolate level soul beasts, along with three immemorial soul beasts!


 These three immemorial soul beasts were naturally the ones that Fang An Lei and Fang Yuan had fought before, the winged black python, bull body leopard tail, and single eyed giant.


 Meanwhile, Fang clan had six Gu Immortals, two rank six, four rank seven, Fang Leng, Fang Yun and Fang Chen were included, while third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng was the person in charge.


 When the soul beasts came out of Divine Bean Palace, they did not charge at Fang clan, instead, they surrounded Divine Bean Palace and stood quietly in a circular formation, encircling it.


 Boom boom boom!


 When both sides fought, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were deeply shocked.


 The attacks that they unleashed on the soul beast army had great power, but when the commotion ended, these soul beasts suffered little injuries, and their injuries were even healing rapidly.


 “What is happening?”


 “These soul beasts seem to be in a peculiar formation, their locations are specially arranged.”


 While feeling suspicion, Chen Yi suddenly shouted in Divine Bean Palace , the entire place shined in green light, while also emerging from the deepest part of these soul beasts.


 Crack crack.


 With a series of crisp sounds, these green lights formed into wooden armor that attached to these soul beasts, shielding them from head to toe.


 Fang Yuan did not understand, but within Inquiry Dock, Fang Di Chang’s expression changed as he exclaimed: “This is Divine Bean Palace’s immortal killer move — Green Armor Vegetable Garden.”


 “Green armor vegetable garden?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Fang Di Chang looked at him and smiled bitterly: “This is all the information Fang clan has, we merely know the name and appearance, we do not know its exact effect.”


 Fang Yuan showed deep interest in his eyes, he looked at the battlefield: “This move has to do with Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it must not be simple. Let’s probe it first.”


 Fang Di Chang nodded: “Indeed.”



***
Chapter 1523 - Extorting Fang Di Chang


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang clan continued to send out immortal killer moves that landed on the soul beast army. The scene was like a field of colorful fireworks.


 Light shined on the Fang clan Gu Immortals’ faces, but they had ugly expressions.


 “Even though there are some soul beasts killed, there is little effect overall. Their green armor can actually be linked together and split the damage evenly, that is amazing!”


 The six Gu Immortals from Fang clan could not make an impact, at this time, a purple clothed female immortal flew out of Immortal Gu House Chicken Dog Coop.


 “Let me try!” She shouted as she used the immortal killer move that she had already prepared.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 At once, poisonous clouds appeared in the sky.


 The huge poisonous clouds casted their shadows downwards and shrouded Divine Bean Palace as well as the soul beasts.


 Within the clouds, countless sparrows flew out like arrows, moving rapidly and agilely, they were formed from the immortal killer move.


 Tens of millions of sparrows flew into the soul beast army, it was a chaotic mess.


 But soon, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals developed grim expressions.


 The killer move had quite a grand entrance, but its effect was low.


 “Even Fang Zhi’s poisonous cloud arrow sparrow is useless, poison path does not have an effect, it seems this green armor vegetable garden has no weaknesses.” Within Inquiry Dock, Fang Di Chang frowned tightly.


 He turned his head towards Fang Yuan: “I wonder if friend Suan Bu Jin has any ideas?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “I cannot find any weaknesses either. But in my humble opinion, this Divine Bean Palace is acting differently from before, it is much more reactive now. Green armor vegetable garden is one aspect, but these soul beasts are also moving in sync and cooperating, they are defending Divine Bean Palace perfectly. The difference is too great now.”


 Fang Di Chang nodded.


 He knew that Fang An Lei and Fang Yuan had fought against Divine Bean Palace earlier, it could only charge around earlier and could not use killer moves, like a brute.


 But now, this Divine Bean Palace was unmoving like a mountain, it was like a general in the battlefield, defending its formation and making Fang clan unable to advance.


 The difference in performance was huge, the reason behind it was worrying Fang Di Chang.


 “I set up peach blossom maze, but Divine Bean Palace has not reacted to it, it is merely defending, is it unable to move? Or is it stalling for time?”


 Fang Di Chang was worried about the final possibility.


 If they were stalling, there had to be a reason.


 Because of this, Fang Di Chang made up his mind and told the Fang clan Gu Immortals who were fighting: “Come back, we will use peach blossom maze to attack!”


 Peach blossom maze was an immortal battlefield killer move, it could trap rank eight Gu Immortals, it was not simple at all.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals returned to the Immortal Gu Houses as peach blossom maze started to grow.


 The empty branches started to bud as green color spread, in the blink of an eye, a lush forest had appeared.


 An intense wind started to blow.


 There was rustling among the trees, jade light waves started to develop.


 These waves crashed towards Divine Bean Palace.


 The soul beast army was forced to retreat, the desolate and ancient desolate level soul beasts at the periphery were all sent flying by the jade light waves.


 Peach blossom maze suddenly changed as it became extremely offensive, the soul beast army could not resist it.


 These soul beasts were roaring, but the jade light waves could not resisted by these individual beasts.


 Chen Yi frowned within Divine Bean Palace: “This peach blossom maze is quite something.”


 At this moment, he was still suppressing Qing Chou, he could not free himself to control Divine Bean Palace personally.


 Divine Bean Palace burst out with profound light, enveloping all of the remaining soul beasts, these lights enveloped most of the soul beasts and gathered them into the bodies of the three immemorial soul beasts.


 The three immemorial soul beasts seemed to have gotten a huge boost, their bodies expanded, they became gigantic monsters.


 The three monsters were like mountains that blocked the jade light waves entirely.


 Peach blossom maze transformed again.


 The jade light waves faded as the greenery condensed into a red halo. Next, countless red halos emerged like stars in the night sky, they were blooming peach blossoms.


 The peach blossoms were extremely vibrant, due to the intense winds, countless petals were flying around.


 The petals slowly gathered as they formed into human figures in the sky.


 “This killer move is called flowery wind warriors, friend, I would like to trouble you to control a part of them.” Fang Di Chang said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded, after getting the authorization, he could also control the human shaped flowers.


 As for the quantity...


 At Fang Yuan’s first attempt, he controlled twelve flowery wind warriors.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with surprise: “Every flowery wind warrior can be instilled with a killer move that would be unleashed upon self-detonating them when ready.”


 “You are very perceptive, this is the use of flowery wind warriors.” Fang Di Chang smiled as he said.


 Fang Yuan tried to use immortal killer move ignited thought flying rock.


 Immediately, he controlled a flowery wind warrior as it flew towards the top of Divine Bean Palace, self-detonating by itself.


 After detonating, waves of thought rocks crashed towards the ground.


 Divine Bean Palace did not move, but the three immemorial soul beasts were ignited with the flames of thoughts as their bodies shook.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he praised in amazement: “The killer moves are unleashed almost as quickly as by ourselves, it not only fixes an Immortal Gu House’s weakness, it allows us to use the advantage of numbers without fear of expenditure, many tactics need to be done carefully, but this move allows us to act rashly without consequences.”


 While he said that, Fang Yuan moved a flowery wind warrior and rushed down, arriving at an immemorial soul beast.


 Immortal killer move — Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


 Once he used this move, the immemorial soul beast’s body froze, it was attacked by a formless force.


 At the same time, another three flowery wind warriors descended, self-detonating into three immortal killer moves that blasted it into oblivion.


 But at the next moment, Divine Bean Palace flashed with green light, the immemorial soul beast that was injured rapidly healed as its injuries were not heavy to begin with.


 Difficult fight!


 Even with a unique move like flowery wind warriors, Divine Bean Palace was too sturdy and firm in defense, the three immemorial soul beasts were like tough shields, regardless of their attacks, the fortress was unmovable and did not shake.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of methods unused, he did not use his true trump cards, but Fang clan’s Gu Immortals did not do anything significant either, the situation went into another deadlock.


 Fang Di Chang’s brows were furrowed, peach blossom maze only had three variations, they had already used the second move, but there was no change in the situation.


 Divine Bean Palace’s defense was too strong!


 Right when Fang Di Chang was about to use the third move, Fang Yuan made his move.


 Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


 Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


 Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


 Three flowery wind warriors exploded, Fang Yuan had instilled enslavement path killer move hundred and eighty slaves into all of them. All three moves exploded and landed on the winged black python immemorial soul beast.


 This immemorial soul beast was stiff like a statue, after a while, Fang Yuan shouted and it broke free from the enemy’s control, it had been enslaved by Fang Yuan!


 The second immemorial soul beast was obtained.


 At once, both the enemy leader Chen Yi as well as Fang Di Chang were shocked.


 Divine Bean Palace was supporting these immemorial soul beasts with green armor, they had strong defenses and could heal instantly, it was hard for Fang clan to advance.


 But Fang Yuan ignored all these and directly took away the immemorial soul beast’s control.


 “Friend, you have an amazing method, so enslavement path is the weakness of green armor vegetable garden. I hope you can continue to use the move.” Fang Di Chang changed his tone after pausing: “We will definitely compensate you heavily!”


 Chen Yi snorted coldly: “He actually made use of this weakness, it is a pity that they are not the divine bean soldiers produced in Divine Bean Palace, we can only use the soul beast army for now. If I was using the divine bean soldiers, how could they enslave it so easily?”


 Inside Inquiry Dock, Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I was just lucky. Earlier, I already used it to suppress one immemorial soul beast. This is the second one, I have reached my limits. To use it again, there will be a huge price to pay! I wonder... what compensation is second supreme elder referring to?”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes drooped, he tried to conceal the sharp light in his eyes as he became furious: “This Suan Bu Jin dares to extort me the moment he gets a chance! Pay a huge price? He means that he can use it again, but that will depend on the compensation that we give him. We have an alliance agreement, he cannot lie on this matter, but to think that we would be extorted by an outsider because our Fang clan lacks a strong enslavement path expert!”



***
Chapter 1524 - Great Thief Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even though Fang Di Chang was furious, Divine Bean Palace was right in front of them, this was their goal for generations, they could not fail. And Fang Yuan’s enslavement method was the best way to break the stalemate after all.


 Fang Di Chang smiled: “What compensation do you want, friend? As long as you tell me, we will do our best to fulfill it.”


 Fang Yuan asked for what compensation he would get, but Fang Di Chang flipped the question back at him.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Lord Fang is very straightforward, I am not greedy, I only want one rank seven Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan said this as he slowed down, his gaze flickered like he was embarrassed.


 “Rank seven Immortal Gu!” Fang Di Chang’s heart jumped, he got more angry but his expression became sincere looking as he smiled: “With your ability to suppress all the immemorial soul beasts, the contribution is enough for a rank seven Immortal Gu. If my clan can obtain Divine Bean Palace in the end, we will promise you another rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Di Chang not only agreed to Fang Yuan’s request, he even added in more temptation.


 “I am ashamed.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply: “I need to get this rank seven Immortal Gu now, otherwise, I cannot make up my mind to pay that huge price and subdue the remaining immemorial soul beast.”


 “How can you be so impatient? You don’t trust my Fang clan?!” A Fang clan Gu Immortal could not control himself, he shouted loudly.


 Fang Yuan cupped his fists: “Everyone, the price that I have to pay is too huge, my foundation will be heavily damaged. I can only make up my mind after getting the rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 “Fine, my Inquiry Dock has a method to communicate with the outside world, I will send over a rank seven Immortal Gu from our headquarters. This is our rank seven treasury, pick one.” Fang Di Chang said as an information path Gu worm flew out of his sleeve.


 It was a rank seven information path Immortal Gu!


 It was rare to see such Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan thought: “It is hard for me to acquire information, an information path Immortal Gu can help me gather information and find out many secrets. During rebirth, my past life’s memories were tampered by heaven’s will, there are traps in them, I cannot rely on these memories. During this period, I have been using Shadow Sect’s inheritance for information, but these things would become obsolete over time. This rank seven information path Immortal Gu is quite useful for me.”


 Fang Yuan received the information path Immortal Gu and inspected it.


 There were six rank seven Immortal Gu listed in it.


 “Fang clan has such deep foundations! They definitely have more than six rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Di Chang just hid those that he did not want me to take.”


 Just these six Immortal Gu made Fang Yuan feel dazzled.


 He was interested in each of these Immortal Gu, because he had Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, any Immortal Gu could be put to good use in his hands.


 But soon, when Fang Yuan saw one of the Immortal Gu, his heart shook, he made up his mind and chose it!


 “Rank seven great thief Gu?” Fang Di Chang heard Fang Yuan’s choice and was quite surprised.


 This was a theft path Immortal Gu, but Suan Bu Jin was a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan did not explain, he did not need to. Fang Di Chang displayed these rank seven Immortal Gu, it meant that they were disposable to him. In the current situation, Fang clan was in a rush for time, not Fang Yuan, if they wanted to stall for time and not give him the Gu, Fang Yuan would just do nothing.


 “Or... is he afraid I will use this chance to stall him, so he purposely gave me a random answer? When I reject him, he will give it up immediately?” Fang Di Chang guessed, wisdom path Gu Immortals simply had too many thoughts in their minds.


 “Friend, you really want this Immortal Gu?” Fang Di Chang confirmed again.


 Fang Yuan hesitated before answering: “Yes, this Gu.”


 Fang Di Chang nodded: “Alright, I will accept this request.”


 Saying so, he used a killer move and retrieved this rank seven Immortal Gu from Fang clan’s headquarters, transporting it into Inquiry Dock.


 The process was very fast, Fang Yuan soon obtained this great thief Gu, with Fang Di Chang’s help, he easily refined it.


 This great thief Immortal Gu was like a beetle with a flat head and long horn, it was the size of an adult, its black exoskeleton had a metallic luster, giving off a tough feeling.


 Fang Yuan obtained this Immortal Gu and felt secretly excited: “My gains are simply too great! I am a theft path great grandmaster now, I lack theft path Immortal Gu. To think that it would come to me now, this great thief Immortal Gu came at such great timing! Not only can it display my superiority in theft path, I can even start making use of ghostly concealment now!”


 Fang Yuan had the theft path attainment level, it was very easy to create theft path immortal killer moves.


 And the most important one was ghostly concealment!


 This immortal killer move was created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable himself, it was a rank nine killer move with incredible power. But all along, it had been relatively useless to Fang Yuan.


 Why?


 Even though it could protect Fang Yuan from the detection of ghosts and soul beasts, whenever he tried to use an immortal killer move, he would be exposed.


 Nobody could see a firecracker buried underground, but when it is ignited and explodes, people would sense it.


 Furthermore, ghostly concealment had been interfering with ghost soldier garment, weakening it and limiting its effect.


 Ghostly concealment did not expend immortal essence, it operated on its own, that was the ability of a theft path supreme grandmaster. Only supreme grandmasters could surpass the limits and restrictions of this world to a certain extent.


 Fang Yuan was a theft path great grandmaster, but he could not activate ghostly concealment himself. Even though he had a deeper understanding of it now, he still had many questions.


 But these questions could not stop him from making use of the active ghostly concealment!


 As for the way to use ghostly concealment, this rank seven great thief Immortal Gu was the key to solving the problem.


 “As long as I add in some mortal Gu and spend some time, I will be able to draw out and use a portion of ghostly concealment’s power!”


 Bright light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 “But now, I need to get rid of the immemorial soul beasts, Fang clan’s patience is dwindling.” Fang Yuan wanted to establish a relationship with Fang clan in order to develop in green ghost desert, he did not want to become enemies with them.


 Thus, within the sovereign immortal aperture, he killed the two immemorial soul beasts that he had just subdued!


 These two immemorial soul beasts were hard to kill, but Fang Yuan had control over them, not only would they not resist him, they would cooperate with him in their suicide.


 After dying, Fang Yuan obtained two huge soul cores.


 Rank eight immortal materials, immemorial soul cores!


 This was very rare.


 If he was not in this situation, Fang Yuan would not have killed the two immemorial soul beasts. But there was no choice, hundred and eighty slaves relied on a huge number of soul beasts to work.


 Fang Yuan had a vast number of soul beasts, including desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, but they could only help Fang Yuan control two immemorial desolate beasts, that was the limit!


 Now that Fang Yuan wanted to control more immemorial soul beasts, it was impossible.


 He had no choice but to kill these two immemorial soul beasts!


 This was the ‘huge price’ that Fang Yuan had mentioned to Fang Di Chang.


 He was not lying, it was the truth, killing two rank eight battle strength existences, was it not a huge price?


 However, after doing this, Fang Yuan used attitude Gu and made himself shake as his face turned pale, blood started flowing out of his mouth and nose.


 “It seems that Suan Bu Jin was not lying, the method has a huge price to pay.” At once, the Fang clan Gu Immortals who saw this felt better psychologically.


 “Even though this is not good, the situation is very urgent, friend, I hope you can do your best.” Fang Di Chang urged.


 “Of course I will do my best!” Fang Yuan shouted, seemingly gathering his focus as he used hundred and eighty slaves on the flowery wind warriors again.


 After three tries, Fang Yuan succeeded in subduing the bull body leopard tail immemorial soul beast like what he did before.


 Guh.


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth and spit out a mouthful of blood, his body could not stand firm, his face was pale as paper, devoid of any color, he almost fainted on the spot.


 “Suan Bu Jin, be careful!”


 “Mind your health, we still need your help for the final immemorial soul beast.”


 “How are your injuries? I can heal you!”


 Fang clan’s immortals spoke one after another.


 “Don’t worry, don’t worry.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, there was nothing to be worried about, he was acting.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals heard his words as their anger dissipated.


 Next, Fang Yuan tried again and subdued the final immemorial soul beast.


 The truth was, he needed to thank flowery wind warriors. If not for its ability to store killer moves and use multiple of them at once, how could Fang Yuan obtain the immemorial soul beasts?



***
Chapter 1525 - Myriad Life Spring Lightning


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Thanks to Fang Yuan’s skillful actions, the two final immemorial soul beasts guarding Divine Bean Palace were taken away and enslaved.


 The sovereign immortal aperture lost two immemorial soul beasts, but two more came in. One had a bull body and leopard tail, while the other was a one eyed giant.


 “This Suan Bu Jin is truly a wisdom path Gu Immortal, our Fang clan has been plotting for generations, but now, this outsider has gained huge benefits while we have yet to obtain Divine Bean Palace. Not only did he get a rank seven Immortal Gu from us, he even subdued two immemorial soul beasts, obtaining rank eight battle strength!”


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals had varying expressions, Fang Yuan’s gains were too huge, even the third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng felt a little envious, not to mention the rest of the Gu Immortals.


 But this was normal mentality.


 Fang clan put in the most effort, but now, Fang Yuan the outsider had the biggest gains, while Fang clan continued to invest in this. It was no wonder that Fang clan’s Gu Immortals felt envious towards him.


 “This Suan Bu Jin is very capable, he had a method to subdue immemorial soul beasts! But it is not a surprise, he was able to roam green ghost desert and gather a soul beast army after all. But... why does he want great thief Immortal Gu? Does he have a theft path inheritance?”


 “This great thief Immortal Gu is one of the core Immortal Gu of theft path, it was created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable personally. An ancestor of Fang clan had obtained it from a lone immortal by chance, hmph, how can our Fang clan’s Immortal Gu be so easy to obtain? How can we stop until we work this Suan Bu Jin to the bones?”


 Fang clan’s second supreme elder Fang Di Chang thought, he was about to speak but saw that after subduing the two immemorial soul beasts, Fang Yuan shut his eyes and sat down, pretending that he was gravely injured and needed to attend to his injuries.


 “Hmm?! Friend Suan Bu Jin?” Fang Di Chang called out.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 “Friend Suan Bu Jin, how are your injuries?” Fang Di Chang’s eyes shined with cold light.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 “It seems that you are gravely injured, why don’t I help to heal you?” Fang Di Chang continued to pursue.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes at this point, speaking in a hoarse and fatigued voice: “No need to worry friend, I am fine, I can suppress these two immemorial soul beasts. The important thing now is to take down Divine Bean Palace. This Divine Bean Palace has transformed drastically, it is stalling for time now, there must be a good reason. If you allow time to be wasted, something might happen.”


 “Since it is trapped in our peach blossom maze, what could possibly happen?” A Fang clan Gu Immortal snorted in disdain.


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes shone with cold light as he gazed at Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan gradually closed his eyes.


 “This Suan Bu Jin is so shameless, I wanted to get him to attack Divine Bean Palace and probe for danger but he actually acted like this. It is a pity that the alliance agreement did not give me the right to command him. The big picture is more important now, this Divine Bean Palace has been our goal for generations, we cannot lose it.” Even as a wisdom path great grandmaster, Fang Di Chang had to ignore him for now.


 He continued to give orders as the three Immortal Gu Houses expended a huge amount of immortal essence, countless flower petals flew out like a storm.


 Within the rain of flowers, a large number of flowery wind warriors formed, controlled by Fang clan’s Gu Immortals as they attacked Divine Bean Palace.


 “Go and prove your loyalty now.” Within Divine Bean Palace, Chen Yi had a cold expression as he commanded Eagle Concubine and Old Ghost Bai Jun.


 The two looked at each other with great worry and difficulty.


 Eagle Concubine said grimly: “With our strength, going out to fight will kill us. Please reconsider it Lord Chen Yi!”


 Chen Yi chuckled with a cold gaze: “If you defy my orders, you will die now. If you go out, I will reinforce you, there is a hope of survival. As long as I subdue this legendary immemorial soul beast in time, I will reward you. You know who I am, I will not lie. Make your decision in three breaths of time.”


 Chen Yi was very forceful, Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine had to obey his orders and go out of Divine Bean Palace, facing the flowery wind warriors.


 Boom boom boom!


 Both sides fought near Divine Bean Palace heatedly.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were rank seven Gu Immortals, they were smarter than immemorial soul beasts. Especially when they were experienced demonic cultivators, they had been pursued by righteous path members before and were very skilled at preserving their lives.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were suppressed but they were very resilient, they managed to restrain these flowery wind warriors.


 However, as time passed, Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine got more injured as the situation became dangerous.


 Chen Yi was multitasking, reinforcing Divine Bean Palace while suppressing Qing Chou, and also observing the battle, he praised internally: “This move is amazing, it can store multiple immortal killer moves, allowing the Immortal Gu House to utilize countless methods, becoming as flexible as an ancient battle formation, it is not simple!”


 Thinking of this, he stretched out his hand as Divine Bean Palace shook, two rays of profound light landed on Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine.


 The profound lights moved quickly and entered both of their bodies.


 The two of them were shocked, they inspected their bodies but did not find anything peculiar.


 At this time, Fang clan attacked again, they had no time to check, they had to fight again.


 But during the fight, something different happened.


 Whenever they got injured, profound light would shine on their bodies, the damage would be shifted away from them.


 “This is Divine Bean Palace’s method, immortal killer move graft wood, it allows all of the attacks you receive to be taken by Divine Bean Palace instead.” At this time, Chen Yi’s voice resounded in their heads.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were joyful and surprised.


 Joyful that they still had value and were not cannon fodder for Chen Yi, now that he helped them, they could last much longer.


 Surprised that Chen Yi had already gained control of Divine Bean Palace to use a second move after arriving here for such a short time, it seemed like Divine Bean Palace was already falling into his hands!


 “Hmm?” Fang Di Chang soon sensed this change.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were safe and sound regardless of any killer moves that hit them, profound light would flash on their bodies.


 “What move is this? It is so mysterious! Not just attacks, even time path and space path supplementary killer moves cannot affect them.”


 Fang Di Chang gradually developed a heavy mood, he ordered Fang clan’s Gu Immortals: “Go use a killer move to heal them.”


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were stunned, how could they help their enemies?


 But Fang Di Chang had high reputation, nobody questioned him, they quickly got to work.


 Healing methods landed on Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine but had no effect.


 “Oh? It seems that there is a capable person in charge of Fang clan.” Chen Yi’s eyes flashed brightly, he could tell that Fang Di Chang was probing the effect of graft wood.


 “Even healing killer moves are useless...” Fang Di Chang soon used his method to make deductions before ordering: “Ignore them, target Divine Bean Palace instead.”


 The immortals acted as commanded, flowery wind warriors self-detonated as a large number of killer moves with varying effects, either in power or specialty, landed on Divine Bean Palace.


 Divine Bean Palace was shaking from the impact, but its core was untouched, only a large number of mortal Gu were destroyed.


 Chen Yi nodded to himself.


 Fang Di Chang’s tactic was very wise, he had deduced the relationship of Old Ghost Bai Jun, Eagle Concubine, and Divine Bean Palace. The two Gu Immortals might dodge or defend against any attacks on them, but Divine Bean Palace could not, it was only passively receiving hits.


 And Fang clan’s killer moves were unleashed via flowery wind warriors, the effect was amplified by peach blossom maze itself!


 If that was not the case, Divine Bean Palace would not have been affected.


 Chen Yi frowned slightly, he could only influence Divine Bean Palace now, he did not have control yet. In some ways, he could not even compare to Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou could influence Divine Bean Palace and manipulate this Immortal Gu House to fly around.


 But this authority was currently in Qing Chou’s hands, Chen Yi could not make it move, therefore, it remained stationary.


 Chen Yi could kill Qing Chou and take away this authority, he would be able to make Divine Bean Palace fly in that case.


 But this way, Qing Chou would die, Chen Yi’s own plans would be greatly disrupted.


 Therefore, Chen Yi was trying to get Qing Chou to surrender now. If he succeeded, not only would he gain Qing Chou’s help, he could also make Divine Bean Palace fly away, he would not be in a passive state.


 Fang clan changed its tactic and gained the upper hand.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine became ignored.


 These two had their own objectives too, they were forced out by Chen Yi to begin with, now that Fang clan ignored them, they were happy with that. They reserved strength and did not go all out to interfere with their actions.


 Divine Bean Palace took the attacks of Fang clan for several minutes, before Chen Yi’s brows suddenly relaxed.


 After some time, he gained deeper control of Divine Bean Palace, he could use another method now.


 “Too bad it isn’t a defensive method, but if I use this, it can change the situation too.” Chen Yi thought.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Life Spring Lightning!


 At the next moment, Divine Bean Palace shook intensely, countless sparks that resembled dragons or snakes coiled around the palace. Lightning gathered into beads of jade green lightning balls as they exploded around the palace.


 Rumble...


 After a series of explosions, only a few flowery wind warriors escaped, the rest were destroyed.


 “This killer move!” Fang Di Chang’s gaze concentrated as his expression turned grim for the first time.


 This spring lightning did not just destroy the flowery wind warriors, it also landed on the ground and destroyed countless peach trees.


 These peach trees were formed from immortal battlefield killer move peach blossom maze, normally speaking, they could regenerate rapidly.


 But the places where these spring lightning balls exploded turned into jade green grasslands.


 Pine trees grew and took the place of the peach trees, becoming deeply rooted.


 Every spring lighting ball created one pine tree, gradually, a sparse forest was created.


 Even though this tiny forest could not compare to peach blossom maze, it was like a rocky reef by the sea, adamantly resisting the regeneration of the peach blossom maze.



***
Chapter 1526 - Chen Yi, Die


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What an amazing killer move, life and death is interlinked, destruction and creation are gathered into one move. Peach blossom maze is the trump card of our Fang clan, it was actually resisted by this move, if this goes on, the entire battlefield killer move will break apart!” Fang Di Chang was secretly shocked.


 Once the battlefield killer move was broken, all three Immortal Gu Houses would suffer backlash, they would receive huge damage.


 Fang Di Chang was originally confident in peach blossom maze’s power, but now, he saw a chance of it getting broken.


 “Worthy of the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace!” Fang Di Chang sighed deeply, his determination to obtain the Immortal Gu House became firmer!


 The stronger Divine Bean Palace was, the greater the fighting spirit of the Fang clan Gu Immortals.


 “We will use the third variation!” Fang Di Chang changed his mind as he ordered.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals obeyed, the remaining flowery wind warriors self-detonated, the entire peach forest had falling petals that disintegrated into nothingness, the green leaves wilted and became yellow, the branches became barren once more. But different from before, peaches started to grow at the tip of these branches.


 When myriad life spring lightning landed on these peach forests, most of the energy was absorbed by the forest and turned into nutrients that nurtured all these peaches.


 “Oh? This variation move...” Chen Yi’s eyes shined, myriad life spring lightning’s attack quickly became slower.


 Very soon, he noticed something.


 This third variation move of peach blossom maze stored most of the power inside myriad life spring lightning and prevented it from unleashing its might.


 Even though it could not resolve the issue, myriad life spring lightning could not display its effect immediately either.


 It was a stalling method but in this situation, it was effective.


 Because the forest was huge, it was hard to reach its maximum capacity, especially when Chen Yi was busy and could not focus on retaliating.


 After using this move, Fang clan’s plan was to stall and reduce the effects of myriad life spring lightning.


 Chen Yi could influence Divine Bean Palace to use three methods, they were green armor vegetable garden, graft wood, and myriad life spring lightning. Now, these three moves had all been countered by Fang clan, Chen Yi could not do anything.


 “Oh no! Qing Chou is still resisting, I need to increase my influence and use the fourth method in Divine Bean Palace, but that needs a lot of time. Fang clan will definitely increase their firepower, they will not give me the chance!”


 Chen Yi’s heart tightened, he felt a bit anxious now.


 He was multitasking now, subduing Qing Chou while controlling Divine Bean Palace and facing the attacks of Fang clan.


 He was within Divine Bean Palace now and could not freely attack, most of his methods conflicted with this rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Thus, all of his abilities were practically sealed!


 Fang clan made use of the opportunity indeed, at this point, the peach blossom maze could no longer summon flowery wind warriors, to play safe, Fang Di Chang did not send Fang clan’s Gu Immortals to fight, he directly used the three Immortal Gu Houses to attack Divine Bean Palace from three directions.


 Boom boom boom!


 Three Immortal Gu Houses were floating in the air, sending attacks towards Divine Bean Palace.


 Divine Bean Palace shook intensely, mortal Gu were continuously destroyed, soon, even Immortal Gu were damaged!


 At this point, Fang Di Chang had gone all out, the three Immortal Gu Houses in peach blossom maze attacked without holding back.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine were pale with fright, they did not dare to resist.


 Chen Yi knew about their mentality and summoned these two back into Divine Bean Palace again.


 The two of them could not resist the attacks of the Immortal Gu Houses with their bare bodies, it was pointless to sacrifice them now, they would be useful later when Divine Bean Palace was broken into, when the Fang clan Gu Immortals arrive, they could stall them for a moment.


 Time!


 Chen Yi needed time now.


 If he had enough time, he could control Divine Bean Palace and subdue Qing Chou, turning the situation around.


 If this was an ordinary opponent, they might fall into Chen Yi’s trap, but he was facing the wisdom path great grandmaster Fang Di Chang, he had deduced Chen Yi’s plan and attacked fiercely.


 Chen Yi sighed bitterly in his mind, even though he resisted for so long, Fang clan’s leader was very perceptive, his plan could not continue.


 But even in this situation, this Heavenly Lotus Sect first supreme elder did not become dejected, he continued with his plan.


 Because he had one method left.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 At the next moment, Chen Yi’s eyes widened as he burst out with an overwhelming aura, green smoke appeared from his head and shoulders.


 The green smoke rose above Chen Yi’s head and formed into a huge karma divine tree!


 Once this tree appeared, the entire Divine Bean Palace started trembling, like it was welcoming Chen Yi’s presence.


 At the same time, Chen Yi’s influence in Divine Bean Palace grew rapidly, the pressure he emitted on Qing Chou also became denser.


 Qing Chou had a bad feeling, it raised its head but that karma divine tree had a threatening aura, especially when a huge bad effect fruit had ripened within its lush leaves.


 This bad effect fruit had covered by dark smoke that slowly turned into Qing Chou’s appearance.


 Qing Chou was created with a trace of karma divine tree’s power, it had a feeling when it saw this: once this bad effect fruit’s smoke stops moving and turns into its appearance entirely, it would be completely subdued by Chen Yi without any way of retaliating!


 How could it allow that to happen?


 How could it!


 Roar—!


 Qing Chou roared furiously.


 Its head that was suppressed on the ground with barely any strength rose up now.


 Its four limbs supported its heavy body, the scales on its neck protruded, its human hair was dancing in the air, its eyes were bloodshot and stared at Chen Yi furiously! Its mouth opened and its tongue broke, its roar was like an impending tsunami!


 “Incredible! As expected of a legendary soul beast, this Qing Chou had been preserving strength all along earlier, now that I used karma divine tree, it has no choice but to retaliate!” Chen Yi was shocked.


 This Qing Chou actually had the strength to scheme and try to turn the situation around.


 Chen Yi quickly suppressed it.


 Qing Chou’s body immediately shook, its limbs bent, its tortoise shell had just lifted off the ground but it sank rapidly again.


 But next, countless Gu worm auras emerged from its body, it used an immortal killer move.


 It was formed from the remnant souls of humans, it could cultivate and use immortal killer moves.


 Earlier against Fang Yuan, it had lost its reasoning, it was in a state of madness, it did not use any battle tactics. But against Chen Yi, it was logical and used the most appropriate method.


 Qing Chou resisted!


 Chen Yi breathed in deeply, his face turned green as he gritted his teeth, his upper body was shaking as he exerted himself to use karma divine tree.


 The karma divine tree above his head became larger by thirty percent.


 Qing Chou felt a deep pressure, it growled and used its second immortal killer move, continuing to fight.


 Like this, both sides continued to increase the use of their methods, they were still in a deadlock, while their excessive strength had all been utilized.


 “You want to enslave me, you are dreaming!” Qing Chou breathed in deeply, using all its strength to unleash the final move.


 Rank eight Soul Beast Token was the core of the move as an intense light spread out.


 This move’s name was unknown, the ripples of light penetrated Divine Bean Palace, through peach blossom maze, and into the entire green ghost desert.


 The light was extremely fast, in the blink of an eye, it spread around the whole of green ghost desert.


 The whole of green ghost desert turned silent before the ground started to shake.


 Next, soul path dao marks burst out and manifested, countless marks lit up the entirety of green ghost desert.


 Roar roar roar...


 Next, all the soul beasts felt a summoning as they went to reinforce Qing Chou.


 The expressions of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals changed.


 “Oh no, what is this move? The whole of green ghost desert was affected!”


 “Green ghost desert has an uncountable number of soul beasts! But this move actually made all of them respond.”


 “Peach blossom maze is a battlefield killer move, it should isolate it from the outside world, but this move could not be blocked.’


 At once, Fang clan’s morale plummeted, everyone was worried.


 “I know!” Fang Di Chang expended his own lifespan to make the swift deduction, soon, he opened his eyes: “The immemorial soul beast inside Divine Bean Palace was formed from the remnant souls of Qing clan in the past. It is not simple, it has human wisdom, it is a legendary immemorial soul beast! And this green ghost desert was created after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered the entirety of Qing clan, the soul path dao marks left behind created this environment.”


 “If we see green ghost desert as an incomplete battlefield killer move, this legendary immemorial soul beast is the owner of this move! It is using a method now to activate all the dao marks in green ghost desert, creating this terrifying move. Countless soul beasts are going to attack us, peach blossom maze will be corroded by these soul path dao marks and eventually collapse!”


 Fang Di Chang was a wisdom path great grandmaster indeed, he found the truth after some deductions.


 He immediately ordered everyone to attack, they could not hold back anymore, Fang clan was racing against time!


 Fang clan needed to break into Divine Bean Palace and kill Qing Chou to resolve this move and obtain victory.


 Chen Yi needed to resist Fang clan while suppressing Qing Chou and gaining control of Divine Bean Palace, he was also fighting against time.


 Qing Chou did not want to be enslaved, it resisted, but its most powerful move used soul beast token Immortal Gu as the core, the effect was not immediate.


 At once, all three sides fell into a deadlock!


 Any side could win or fail.


 This battle involving Divine Bean Palace was at its climax, who would emerge victorious?


 Boom!


 With a loud explosion, Divine Bean Palace’s entrance was finally smashed apart.


 “Charge!” Opportunity flashed as Fang Di Chang shouted uncontrollably.


 Multiple Fang clan rank seven experts entered.


 Once they went in, they were slightly stunned.


 Chen Yi, Old Ghost Bai Jun, Eagle Concubine, and Qing Chou were undoubtedly present, there was no doubt that relationship between these four was quite complex.


 Especially Chen Yi, he was emanating rank eight aura, it was shocking.


 Chen Yi laughed, he looked at the Fang clan immortals in disdain: “You are here to die.”


 Fang Di Chang stayed behind them and easily exposed Chen Yi’s bluff, he snorted and ordered: “Kill! This person is multitasking, he cannot do anything against us.”


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals immediately charged.


 Eagle Concubine and Old Ghost Bai Jun had no choice but to block them, but Fang clan diverted more people to target Chen Yi.


 Of course they had to get rid of this rank eight existence first!


 “Take this!”


 “Even a rank eight will die!!”


 “Accept your death!”


 With Fang Hua Sheng at the lead, multiple Fang clan Gu Immortals unleashed their strongest moves ever.


 Chen Yi stood on the spot, he could not move, all of the rank seven killer moves landed on him!



***
Chapter 1527 - Fang Clan’s Rank Eight


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal experts unleashed their might and attacked Chen Yi.


 At once, lightning flashed and thunder roared, piercing light shined in the whole of Divine Bean Palace.


 Air currents moved rapidly, but Chen Yi remained standing, unmoving.


 He was covered in layers of shining light, they were thick and old, like old tree bark. Fang clan’s Gu Immortals attacked together, but the tree bark light blocked them all, they had no effect!


 “What defensive method is this?!” Not only did the rank seven Gu Immortals take a deep breath of shock, even Fang Di Chang’s pupils shrunk.


 “Not only is he a rank eight Gu Immortal, he is an expert among rank eights! We’ll attack again!!” Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were not dejected, Fang Hua Sheng shouted as he led an attack again.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals unleashed more attacks, but Chen Yi could not dodge or move away, he was hit by them all.


 After the explosions faded, his body was still covered by the tree bark light, and it was even thicker than before.


 Fang Di Chang’s gaze flickered, he finally recognized Chen Yi: “So you are Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder Chen Yi! No wonder you have such an incredible defensive method!”


 Chen Yi, the first supreme elder of one of the ten great ancient sects in Central Continent!


 Even though the Fang clan Gu Immortals lived in Western Desert, they had some information about Gu Immortals of other regions.


 When they heard Chen Yi’s identity from Fang Di Chang, their hearts sank.


 Pressure!


 A person’s reputation created pressure, just the title of Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder demoralized all of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals.


 “Divine Bean Palace originates from Ancestor Genesis Lotus, your Fang clan wants to obtain it, you are simply disregarding Central Continent.” Chen Yi spoke casually.


 Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortals looked at each other, they were stunned by his attitude.


 “Hmph, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left Divine Bean Palace in Western Desert, this means that it belongs to Western Desert. You are merely a descendant, how dare you distort your ancestor’s decision?” Fang Di Chang snickered, he was very skilled at arguments as a wisdom path great grandmaster, he would not lose in such a fight.


 Chen Yi laughed: “It is useless, my defensive killer move is called thickening wood armor, the more you attack it, the tougher it becomes. It is weak when I first use it, but unless you destroy it in one hit, it will only become stronger!”


 Chen Yi said, he seemed to be exposing his move, but he was using words to reduce the fighting spirit of his enemies.


 Right at this time, a change occurred!


 An old and hoarse voice resounded: “Then let this old man try!”


 As he said this, a rank seven Gu Immortal took a few steps forward and arrived in front of Chen Yi.


 His appearance rapidly changed, from a young rank seven Gu Immortal into a muscular old man with white beard and hair.


 This old man had bulging muscles that resembled rocks, he raised his huge fist that aimed at Chen Yi’s face.


 This fist quickly filled Chen Yi’s vision, before it landed, Chen Yi’s heart was already pounding, he felt an immeasurable amount of strength path dao marks slamming towards him!


 Chen Yi’s expression changed!


 He could not dodge this move, he had to take it.


 The fist landed on Chen Yi’s face.


 Chen Yi instantly felt that a terrifying force crashed into his face like a colliding mountain!


 At once, he was sent flying like a cannonball, with a loud sound, he crashed into Divine Bean Palace’s walls, he did not fall to the ground, he was fixed onto the wall.


 Puff!


 Chen Yi’s seven orifices were bleeding, his head was almost smashed, his bones were definitely broken but jade light soon shined on his body as he healed himself.


 As for his defensive killer move, it was smashed by this old man in one punch!


 “Fang Gong, as the first supreme elder of Fang clan, a rank eight great expert, you actually used a sneak attack! How shameless are you!” Chen Yi shouted, his anger was spewing out like fire.


 He exposed this old man’s identity immediately, he was Fang clan’s first supreme elder, Fang Gong!


 “This Fang Gong is indeed a strength path cultivator, among the rank eight Gu Immortals in the five regions, he is a rare one that cultivate strength path!”


 “This person concealed himself so deeply, he had been following us the entire time, Fang clan is too determined this time, they even brought a rank eight existence here!”


 “Earlier, the two rounds of attacks by the rank seven Gu Immortals were just a cover, they were setting up for Fang Gong’s attack. This must be Fang Di Chang’s plan.”


 Fang Yuan had been watching the battle, he was quite shocked.


 The grand rank eight Gu Immortal, first supreme elder of Fang clan, actually concealed his identity and used a sneak attack, this was more shameless than a government official stealing a chicken.


 If news spread, his righteous path reputation would be ruined.


 But precisely so, Fang Gong’s sneak attack was extremely effective, the situation was turned around with Chen Yi sent flying!


 The stalemate had been broken.


 Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong forced away Chen Yi, he had the upper hand now, Fang clan could control the situation.


 Chen Yi fell for the scheme and was forced back, his accumulated control over Divine Bean Palace had been lost by half, he felt horrible!


 Because his objective was heavily interrupted. But he still had a chance, his injuries were not severe.


 Chen Yi’s defensive method was broken, but he had the killer move graft wood earlier to protect Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, he naturally used it on himself too.


 Thus, Chen Yi’s injuries were sustained by Divine Bean Palace instead.


 Crack crack.


 Divine Bean Palace took the damage for Chen Yi, cracks appeared on the walls of the palace.


 At the same time, the cracks spread to the roof and the tall pillars.


 Crack crack.


 Several large pillars shattered into piles of Gu worm corpses.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he thought: “Fang Gong’s attack must have taken all his effort, even though that punch was very simple, it had actually concealed all of its aura. Therefore, after breaking Chen Yi’s defense, the remaining force still caused such great damage to Divine Bean Palace.”


 But Fang Yuan added in his mind: “Of course, this is because rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace did not use any defensive methods and was taking the hit normally, and because the attack was dealt internally, the damage was this great!”


 Roar—!


 As Divine Bean Palace’s huge pillars collapsed, Qing Chou’s roars also reverberated the area.


 Divine Bean Palace was heavily damaged, the suppression it felt also reduced, Qing Chou benefited from it.


 It raised its head and tried to hold up its body, it shattered the spears of light stabbing its body, it was about to rise up again!


 “Noisy!” Fang Gong frowned and leaped towards Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou roared and faced Fang Gong.


 Boom!


 Both sides collided, Qing Chou cried out in pain as its mountain-like body was sent flying by the ant-like Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong landed on the ground as he snorted, touching his fist as he jumped forward again.


 Qing Chou was a legendary immemorial soul beast, but it actually lost to Fang Gong in a physical brawl!


 “Who is the immemorial desolate beast here?” Fang Yuan was dazed.


 Chen Yi frowned deeply, thinking: “Fang Gong is very powerful, I cannot allow him to gain an advantage and obtain control over the situation!”


 “You have already attacked, now it is time to face my move as well!” Chen Yi joined the battle, reinforcing Qing Chou.


 Fang Gong had been suppressing Qing Chou, but due to Chen Yi’s interference, that advantage vanished.


 If Chen Yi worked together with Qing Chou, Fang Gong would not be able to match both of them, and because they had a common enemy, they could work together now, although barely.


 “Fang Gong cultivates strength path, his power is deeply embedded in his body, he has a huge advantage in this battlefield. As for me, I can only unleash sixty percent of my methods!”


 Chen Yi had a bitter and indescribable feeling.


 Divine Bean Palace was something all of them wanted, in this rank eight battle, all of the people were suppressing their attacks and refused to use wide ranged methods.


 The three rank eight existences were fighting within Divine Bean Palace, while Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortals had all left, staying here was courting death after all.


 The difference between rank seven and eight was huge.


 Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortals attacked Chen Yi and could not even penetrate his defenses, it was truly futile.


 Even though these Fang clan Gu Immortals retreated, they did not return to the three Immortal Gu Houses, they fought in peach blossom maze.


 On one hand, they were fighting Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, on the other hand, a large number of soul beasts had already entered peach blossom maze, they needed to be dealt with.


 “This is really bad!” Fang Di Chang had an ugly expression: “Green ghost desert’s dao marks are penetrating in here, the peach blossom maze battlefield has already been corroded, it cannot last much longer. Countless soul beasts are rushing in here, there are too many to kill. But first supreme elder is still fighting in there, unable to finish matters, what should we do?”


 Even as a wisdom path great grandmaster, Fang Di Chang was only rank seven, he could not solve the problem.


 And as time passed, Fang Di Chang’s analysis came true.


 Peach blossom maze got weaker and weaker, loopholes started to appear in some areas, the desert outside could be seen.


 And the view was terrifying, outside peach blossom maze were countless soul beasts. They were all summoned by Soul Beast Token, gathered into a sea of them, every moment, countless soul beasts entered peach blossom maze, there was no way to kill them all.


 Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine felt a fall in pressure, they worked together and did not dare to leave. They could only focus on protecting themselves.


 “The crucial thing now is within Divine Bean Palace!” Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he slowly stood up, having a clear understanding of the situation.


 Within Divine Bean Palace, three rank eight existences were still fighting!


 Qing Chou was roaring, Fang Gong was solemn, while Chen Yi was bitter, they all had ugly expressions.


 Because even though they held themselves back, their attacks still affected Divine Bean Palace, this rank eight Immortal Gu House was about to break apart.


 If Divine Bean Palace gets destroyed, what would be the entire purpose of this fight? They only wanted Divine Bean Palace!


 And if this continued, this battle to fight for ownership of Divine Bean Palace was going to be the reason for its destruction!


 “I can help your Fang clan obtain this Immortal Gu House.” At this moment, Fang Yuan spoke to Fang Di Chang..



***
Chapter 1528 - Yama, Ghost Hand


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Di Chang was stunned!


 Fang Yuan was Suan Bu Jin at the moment, as a rank seven Gu Immortal, how could he resolve the problem?


 But Fang Di Chang quickly reacted, smiling brightly: “Go ahead and say your request friend, what do you need in order to help us now?”


 He was a wisdom path great grandmaster after all, regardless of whether Fang Yuan had a plan, he had to try. And Fang Yuan said this on purpose to negotiate his compensation.


 Fang Yuan smiled too: “This situation is urgent, we cannot talk slowly. But Divine Bean Palace is a rank eight Immortal Gu House, if I help you obtain it, what sort of compensation can match my contribution?”


 Fang Di Chang did not hesitate, he bowed to Fang Yuan as he said earnestly: “Friend, I can guarantee on my reputation that Fang clan will give an appropriate compensation for your contribution!”


 “Alright, then we will set an agreement, giving me a compensation worthy of my contribution.” Fang Yuan clapped.


 Both sides made an agreement.


 “Please open Inquiry Dock, I will go out personally.” Fang Yuan said again.


 Fang Di Chang was surprised, he thought that Fang Yuan had found some weakness because he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal. But to think that he was going to act personally.


 So be it if he was making a move, but he wanted to leave Immortal Gu House Inquiry Dock.


 Once he left, the outside world would be very dangerous. Especially that Divine Bean Palace, three rank eight existences were fighting in it, the difference between rank seven and eight was huge, there was a chance of dying if he got involved.


 Fang Di Chang hesitated: “It is not safe outside. Why don’t I use peach blossom maze’s variation move and summon flowery wind warriors for you to unleash your methods instead?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I need to use this method personally. Don’t worry, I will not harm Fang clan’s interests.”


 Fang Di Chang was not worried about this, be it the alliance agreement earlier or their new one, there were related rules.


 Once Fang Yuan did anything against the interest of Fang clan, he would be breaking the agreement, he would face a fierce backlash!


 But since Fang Yuan said this, Fang Di Chang could not stop him, he opened Inquiry Dock.


 Fang Yuan flew into the sky, getting into peach blossom maze.


 Fang Di Chang did not blink, he was focusing on Fang Yuan’s actions, he wanted to see what method Fang Yuan had to help Fang clan obtain Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace!


 At the next moment, Fang Di Chang’s eyes widened.


 Fang Yuan actually charged into Divine Bean Palace.


 “Is he trying to die?” At once, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals could only think of this possibility.


 But Fang Yuan came prepared!


 Immortal killer move — Yama1!


 He activated the immortal killer move that he had just created inside Inquiry Dock earlier.


 Once he used this move, the ‘thin layer of silk clothing’ on the surface of his soul shined with a profound light.


 This profound light interacted with the soul coat, which was his ghost official garment.


 Ghost official garment expanded rapidly, covering Fang Yuan’s body and forming a huge imperial robe that was brown in color with pale green in it. The robe had wide sleeves and a jade belt on his waist, the left and right side of the robe was laced with golden threads that formed the images of ghostly monsters, he also wore a royal crown that had hanging beads at the front and back1.


 Once this move was used, Fang Yuan’s aura changed completely, he became eerie, dark, and unfathomable.


 “What is this person doing here?” Chen Yi squinted as cold light flashed in his eyes.


 “That rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal?!” Fang Gong recognized him, but did not understand why he was here.


 But both parties were cautious, they did not attack yet.


 Fang Gong was informed by Fang Di Chang while Chen Yi decided to observe the situation first. If he attacked now, Fang Gong might find a chance to attack him.


 Fang Yuan officially entered Divine Bean Palace, the three rank eight existences had been fighting, their battle strength and concentration were mostly kept among themselves.


 Chen Yi did not attack, Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief, he increased his speed and flew towards Qing Chou.


 “Hmm?” Seeing Fang Yuan’s action, Chen Yi and Fang Gong’s attacks became slower.


 “What is he trying to do?” Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were all watching Fang Yuan.


 “A wisdom path Gu Immortal approaching the legendary immemorial soul beast?! This, this, this...” Seeing Fang Yuan’s rash action, many Fang clan Gu Immortals were lost for words.


 Qing Chou roared!


 It pounced towards Fang Gong.


 It roared again.


 It pounced at Chen Yi.


 Fang Yuan came directly to it, but it completely ignored him, it did not sense him at all!


 This was the effect of the killer move yama!


 This move was very special, its core was the immortal killer move ghostly concealment.


 All along, Fang Yuan had not been able to use ghostly concealment well, because he could not pair it with his other moves. Qing Chou could detect Fang Yuan earlier because he used killer moves to fight, he had exposed himself.


 But it was different now.


 After gaining theft path great grandmaster attainment, even though Fang Yuan could not decipher all the profundities of ghostly concealment, he had enough ability to make use of this rank nine killer move!


 Yama was one of his deduction results.


 It combined ghostly concealment and ghost official garment, the two were no longer separate and did not conflict anymore. After Fang Yuan used the killer move yama, no matter what he did, Qing Chou could not detect him.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was on Qing Chou’s tortoise shell, be it Fang clan or the two rank eight Gu Immortals, they were stunned.


 “What happened?”


 “He got close to Qing Chou so easily?!”


 “This Qing Chou is a legendary immemorial beast that has an immortal aperture, it is able to cultivate!”


 Many Fang clan Gu Immortals could not believe it.


 But next, what Fang Yuan did almost made their eyeballs pop out.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Fang Yuan directly stood on Qing Chou’s back as he grabbed at it with his right arm.


 He was merely rank seven, but he dared to provoke a rank eight existence like this. Many Fang clan Gu Immortals had two thoughts.


 The first thought was, is this person trying to die?


 The second thought was, even though he was rash, one had no choice but to admire his courage!


 Qing Chou roared!


 It pounced towards Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong: “Again?”


 Qing Chou roared!


 It attacked Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi: “You idiot, there is someone on your back.”


 Chen Yi felt something amiss, ever since Fang Yuan appeared, everything had been too strange. Therefore, he reminded Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou was still able to think, it wanted to turn around but Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand had already activated, a huge black eerie hand entered Qing Chou’s body.


 Qing Chou turned around to look at his back, Fang Yuan was there but it could not see him!


 But soon, it roared as it pounced at Chen Yi after feeling angry from being deceived.


 Chen Yi was furious too, he screamed: “You idiot, stop!”


 Fang Gong was also moved, he thought: “This Suan Bu Jin is amazing! He is right there but Qing Chou cannot detect him no matter what! What method is this? And he is currently on Qing Chou’s back, his objective is definitely not simple, what does he want?”


 At the next moment, Fang Gong’s questions were answered.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed as he pulled out the ghost hand that had entered Qing Chou’s body.


 When the ghost hand flew in, the five fingers were opened like a fan. But now, it was extremely fast and clenched, like it was holding onto something!


 “I got it!” Fang Yuan was very happy, he opened his immortal aperture as the ghost hand went inside.


 Qing Chou’s huge body suddenly shook, his entire body cracked as the tortoise shell was on the verge of breaking apart on the spot.


 It was a soul beast, it could not spit out blood, but this scene showed that it was heavily injured!


 Rage! Anger!


 Qing Chou roared as it raised its head.


 Its furious voice turned into sound waves that reverberated Divine Bean Palace, the entire place was starting to shake.


 “What is going on? What did Suan Bu Jin do?”


 “That fellow seemed to have taken something!”


 Fang Gong and Chen Yi were both uncertain and suspicious.


 Chen Yi squinted and wanted to attack Fang Yuan but Fang Gong blocked him and defended against the attack.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Qing Chou came crashing over.


 Fang Gong and Chen Yi quickly dodged.


 Qing Chou roared: “Who is it? Which one of you two stole my Soul Beast Token!”


 “What?!” Upon hearing Qing Chou’s words, all of the Gu Immortals present felt their hearts shook intensely!


 “He actually has a way to steal the rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token?! No wonder he wanted to take great thief Immortal Gu earlier, he had this method!” Fang Di Chang’s eyes were wide open, shock was all over his face.


 “This person is not simple, he concealed himself so deeply! Qing Chou has an immortal aperture, he could actually steal the Immortal Gu from it, and it is rank eight!” At once, Chen Yi thought of a famous person in history — Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!


 “Did this person obtain Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance?” Chen Yi thought while shouting: “Qing Chou you idiot, I reminded you already that someone is on your back. We did not steal it, that fellow did, he is at the door!”


 Qing Chou turned to look, Fang Yuan was flying towards the outside of the palace, but Qing Chou could not see anything!


 Qing Chou used an investigative immortal killer move but also found nothing!


 The investigative killer move managed to detect Fang Yuan, but Qing Chou could not perceive it at all.


 Qing Chou was even angrier than before, it aimed at Chen Yi as he roared: “You coward, I am sure you are the one!!”


 “You idiot!” Chen Yi was furious and felt maligned, he retaliated.


 Both sides fought with greater intensity now, Fang Gong could tell that this was bad. Earlier, the three parties restrained themselves, but now, after losing a rank eight Immortal Gu, Qing Chou was going mad, it was filled with anger, why would it hold back?


 Fang Gong persuaded them but it was useless. Not only so, Chen Yi did not want to face Qing Chou’s rage alone, he flew towards Fang Gong and the three rank eight existences fought once more.


 But now was different than before, the three sides did not hold back, they started to use killer moves.



***
Chapter 1529 - Refining Soul Beast Token


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 A fan-like dark eerie ghost hand was flying around in the sky.


 Its fingers were clenched, rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token was struggling inside, trying to escape.


 The dark eerie ghost hand was met with this Soul Beast Token’s rampage, there were protrusions on the ghost hand as the five fingers trembled, it was about to give way.


 However, even if Soul Beast Token escaped from the ghost hand, it was inside Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, it had nowhere to run. It would merely go from a tiny cage to a bigger cage.


 Fang Yuan thought: “This immortal killer move great thief ghost hand that I conceptualized uses rank nine killer move ghostly concealment as the core with rank seven great thief Immortal Gu and others as the supplement, therefore it could even steal a rank eight Immortal Gu like Soul Beast Token. However... this move cannot last long, it does not have any sealing properties. I need to work hard to refine this Soul Beast Token myself!”


 While he was thinking, great thief ghost hand was increasingly weakening as soul beast token Immortal Gu did its best to escape from the restraint.


 However, Fang Yuan’s goal had already been met at this point.


 Heaven Sealing Mountain!


 This was originally used to seal his immortal zombie body’s heaven’s will.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body had his split soul, it was a rank six time path clone now, Heaven Sealing Mountain was empty as a result.


 “Go.” Under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, great thief ghost hand entered the cave inside Heaven Sealing Mountain and into the Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan activated the Gu formation, great thief ghost hand stopped trembling, the soul beast token Immortal Gu inside was temporarily suppressed, even though it still struggled, it was already far less than before.


 “I cannot constantly suppress Soul Beast Token like this, the urgent matter now is to find a place to refine this rank eight Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan thought about this, his speed did not fall, after getting out of Divine Bean Palace, he went out of peach blossom maze’s loophole and left the battlefield directly.


 “He left?!” Fang Yuan’s action made all the Gu Immortals feel surprised.


 Chen Yi gritted his teeth in hatred, he could not do anything about it, he was facing the attacks of Qing Chou and Fang Gong.


 “Such resolution.” Fang Di Chang praised as he sighed deeply, watching Fang Yuan’s figure that gradually became smaller.


 After Fang Yuan left, he met with countless soul beasts.


 There were an uncountable number of soul beasts, Fang Yuan was deeply moved. But he had a thought and controlled himself, he did not kill them to harvest soul cores.


 He needed to refine rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token now. As for the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, those three rank eight existences could continue to fight for it.


 Fang Yuan understood his own abilities clearly.


 Even with reverse flow protection seal, he was only able to fight rank eight and have rank eight battle strength. If he interfered in the battle of the three rank eight existences now, and competed to obtain Divine Bean Palace, there was little hope and a high chance for mishaps.


 Once he exposes reverse flow protection seal, he would also expose his identity, he might even face Fang clan’s attacks.


 This was not worth it for Fang Yuan, he wanted to have a working relationship with Fang clan and use green ghost desert to cultivate soul path.


 His alliance agreement with Fang clan was also a factor. It was not easy to get rid of it, he needed time to prepare.


 Even though Fang Yuan took away Soul Beast Token, the soul path dao marks in green ghost desert still continued to corrode peach blossom maze.


 There was a sea of soul beasts around the entire battlefield.


 But Fang Yuan left easily.


 He had yama killer move, he could use ghostly concealment’s effect, even Qing Chou could not find him, not to mention these mere soul beasts.


 He flew rapidly and left green ghost desert without looking back, after confirming his safety and the lack of people in the proximity, Fang Yuan landed on an ordinary desert.


 Fang Yuan went underground and set up a temporary Gu formation, eliminating all of his aura and traces.


 After that, he focused his mind to deal with rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.


 Soul Beast Token had been refined by Qing Chou, its will was inside, Fang Yuan had a lot of difficulty refining it.


 This was the most basic part of Gu refinement — single refinement.


 The single refinement of an existing Gu worm. The essence of it was to use one’s own will to replace the original will of the Gu worm inside.


 Gu Masters use primeval essence to refine mortal Gu because the primeval essence belonged to them and contained their will.


 When Gu Immortals use immortal essence to refine Immortal Gu, the same logic followed.


 Wild Gu worms contained wild wills and were hard to tame, they were difficult to refine. But man is the spirit of living beings, trying to take away someone else’s Immortal Gu was even harder.


 Fang Yuan had been planning in Inquiry Dock for a long time, he was not unprepared.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu, Affection and Self Love!


 Fang Yuan first took out these two Immortal Gu as he activated self love Immortal Gu on Soul Beast Token.


 The will of Qing Chou inside Soul Beast Token was quickly affected, it started to love and treasure itself, no matter what Fang Yuan did from now on, this will would not take a risk and self-detonate Soul Beast Token.


 Next, Fang Yuan used affection Immortal Gu, sending its will into the Soul Beast Token.


 Both wills interacted and started to compete.


 Affection was not a will that specialized in offense, it was quickly destroyed by Qing Chou’s will.


 But there was lingering affection will that scattered in Soul Beast Token, it was not completely decimated.


 This was the specialty of affection will, it allowed affection Immortal Gu’s effect to linger. But as time passes, the lingering affection will would be eradicated.


 Fang Yuan continued to activate affection Immortal Gu as he sent in its will continuously into Soul Beast Token.


 But no matter how much Fang Yuan sent in, Qing Chou’s will would destroy it, while suffering little losses.


 Qing Chou’s will was very powerful inside Soul Beast Token, and was very stubborn!


 Immortal essence was rapidly expended, but Fang Yuan could sustain the cost, he had already prepared a lot of immortal essence, his earlier development in the immortal aperture was paying off now.


 After several minutes, Fang Yuan stopped instilling affection will into Soul Beast Token.


 There was a lot of affection will left inside, even though most of it was erased by Qing Chou’s will, the remaining amount was quite a lot, after reaching its limit, there was no way of raising its quantity.


 At this point, Fang Yuan sent his self will into Soul Beast Token.


 Once self will went in, Qing Chou’s will became furious, charging at it like a frenzied beast. In comparison, the battle between Qing Chou’s will and affection will earlier was like a drizzle.


 Fang Yuan’s self will fought with Qing Chou’s will, the fight was one-sided, the self will army could not match it at all.


 For example, Soul Beast Token was like a camp that was the territory of Qing Chou’s will. Fang Yuan’s self will was like an invader traveling by boat, only able to send in a small number of troops each time. With such a small scale, it was easily wiped out by Qing Chou’s will each time.


 But Fang Yuan ignored that, he continued to instill self will.


 His advantage was that with enough immortal essence, self will was endlessly produced. Meanwhile, Qing Chou’s will could not be replenished.


 Fifteen minutes, thirty minutes, forty-five minutes... as time passed, Fang Yuan’s advantage grew, he stabilized himself and eventually matched Qing Chou’s will, having half the control over Soul Beast Token.


 Qing Chou’s will rumbled intensely, knowing that it was not Fang Yuan’s match, it wanted to detonate this Soul Beast Token.


 But at this time, the lingering affection will activated, erasing the determination from Qing Chou’s will. Fang Yuan also sent in fake will and interfered with the decision of Qing Chou’s will.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan sent in a large amount of self will and charged like an army, erasing all of Qing Chou’s lingering will.


 “I finally refined soul beast token Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, his forehead was full of sweat.


 This battle was like a major war involving countless troops, he was extremely tired.


 Looking at the time, three days and nights had passed in the outside world!


 “Thankfully I have wisdom path methods and compatible Immortal Gu, otherwise, I could not have refined this Gu.”


 “Sigh, even though I have great thief ghost hand and ghostly concealment, I only managed to replicate a trace of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s capabilities. I was merely making use of his accomplishments. Legend says that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable has a move, steal heart, it has the power to steal the will inside Immortal Gu and instantly refine them, it is truly amazing!”


 Fang Yuan was sighing in his mind, he stored Soul Beast Token and quickly went back to green ghost desert.


 “I have soul beast token Immortal Gu, together with hundred and eighty slaves, I can enslave that Qing Chou!”


 “With Qing Chou, I would have a huge possibility of obtaining Divine Bean Palace, after all, it has huge control over Divine Bean Palace.”


 “Even if I face the backlash of Fang clan, I have the ability to protect my life, and if I obtain Divine Bean Palace, I will gain immense profits!”


 Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


 After successfully getting Soul Beast Token, he started to work his mind on trying to get that rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace.


 But when he flew to the periphery of green ghost desert, he was intercepted by a Gu Immortal.


 “Please wait.” An ordinary looking female immortal had stopped him, she smiled politely, having rank seven aura.


 “What is it?” Fang Yuan had a thought as he slowed down.


 The female immortal smiled: “I am He Gu, I saw that you were flying fast, you must have an intended destination. With green ghost desert’s huge change, I heard that a precious treasure had emerged, I wonder if you have any information? I am willing to buy it.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, but he felt something amiss in his mind.


 Originally, Fang clan had caused a huge commotion when trying to get Divine Bean Palace, all of the soul beasts in green ghost desert were stirred, this could not be concealed, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals noticed it and came over.


 Fang Yuan spent three days and night to refine Soul Beast Token, many Western Desert Gu Immortals had already arrived.


 “I’m afraid the battle ended already!”


 “If the three parties are still fighting, the power of rank eight cannot be concealed, the commotion would be grand, how can these Gu Immortals be clueless now?”


 “I wonder how this battle ended? Who obtained Divine Bean Palace?”


 Fang Yuan could not help but think.



***
Chapter 1530 - Plotting Against Qing Chou


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan immediately contacted Fang clan’s Gu Immortals and found out what happened.


 This battle over Divine Bean Palace had indeed ended. Fang clan obtained it!


 Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder Chen Yi said some words before leaving, he wanted Fang clan to take good care of Divine Bean Palace, he would return to retrieve it next time.


 As for Qing Chou, it also escaped, it had deep foundations, it had more rank eight Immortal Gu than just Soul Beast Token.


 Even though Fang clan obtained Divine Bean Palace, among their three Immortal Gu Houses, Chicken Dog Coop and Inquiry Dock were both heavily damaged, first supreme elder Fang Gong also suffered heavy injuries. And the Divine Bean Palace that they got was nearly half destroyed.


 However, after Fang Yuan contacted them, Fang clan promised to pay the compensation that Fang Yuan was supposed to get. And it was very high according to their alliance agreement. But Fang clan wanted Fang Yuan to hold on first, because the commotion was too big now, news that Fang clan obtained Divine Bean Palace would be deduced very soon. By then, Western Desert would be in a huge commotion, many super forces would not want Fang clan to obtain this Immortal Gu House and became the number one super force in Western Desert!


 By then, Fang clan would face pressure from all directions, they needed to raise their strength during this peaceful period and rest. Especially their Immortal Gu Houses, they needed to repair them.


 Thus, Fang clan was tight on funds, they wanted Fang clan to give them some time.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and agreed.


 Firstly, the alliance agreement was not strict on the payment timing. And secondly, Fang Yuan wanted to maintain a good relationship with them.


 The situation was different now.


 Fang clan provoked Central Continent’s Heavenly Lotus Sect, it was the same as provoking Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan, who was acting as Suan Bu Jin, had also been part of this, from Fang clan’s perspective, he was their natural ally against such a strong enemy.


 On another hand, Fang clan was facing great pressure and wary of Fang Yuan’s high battle strength. Suan Bu Jin was a wisdom path Gu Immortal with methods to enslave a soul beast army, during the battle in Divine Bean Palace, he even showed the ability to steal rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, it was simply shocking!


 Thus, Fang clan had a very vigilant attitude, they did not want to provoke him, especially at this timing, Fang clan was facing huge danger, they did not want to antagonize Fang Yuan, they even wanted to rely on him as external help.


 Fang Yuan understood their intentions easily.


 “First was Tang clan, and now this Fang clan is also a good pawn to resist Heavenly Court.” Fang clan was plotting against the world, his vision looked towards the future.


 “Western Desert would definitely go into a commotion, the crucial thing is how much battle strength Fang clan still has left, how much of Divine Bean Palace’s power can they unleash?”


 If Fang clan could endure all of the pressure, Fang Yuan would not mind helping them and stabilizing their relationship.


 If Fang clan could not defend themselves or even faced extermination, Fang Yuan would not help them, in fact, he would go ahead and try to snatch Divine Bean Palace for himself.


 Fang Yuan watched on the fence, he had a calm emotion.


 He had gained a lot in this Divine Bean Palace battle. Firstly, he obtained rank seven great thief Immortal Gu, together with his theft path great grandmaster attainment level, he could start to use ghostly concealment, it was a qualitative breakthrough. Secondly, he obtained Soul Beast Token, such a rank eight Immortal Gu could not be obtained normally even if one had huge assets. And thirdly, his relationship with Fang clan improved drastically, they even owed him lots of compensation.


 Even if Fang Yuan obtained Divine Bean Palace, he would need to invest a lot to repair it. In addition, his burden of feeding Immortal Gu would intensify.


 This result was not necessarily suboptimal for Fang Yuan.


 “But at the moment, there are lots of Western Desert Gu Immortals in green ghost desert, I cannot start my plans here.”


 Originally, Fang Yuan was going to let Ying Wu Xie and the rest farm soul cores in green ghost desert to help his soul cultivation. But he could not do so now.


 There were too many people now, he could not act.


 And there was the biggest threat, Qing Chou, which had escaped.


 This legendary immemorial soul beast had rank eight battle strength, Fang Yuan did not fight against it personally, but he could see how powerful it was, even with reverse flow protection seal, he could at best only fight evenly with it.


 Right now, Qing Chou was missing, it could likely be hiding in green ghost desert, this way, whether Fang Yuan sent Ying Wu Xie to hunt or stayed here himself, there was great danger. If they fought, just the exposure of his identity would ruin many of Fang Yuan’s plans.


 “I should leave.” Fang Yuan had many wisdom path methods, in just a while, he made the wisest choice, he decided to leave green ghost desert, and even leave Western Desert.


 “Friend?” At this moment, He Gu was still beside Fang Yuan, seeing his silence, she asked again.


 Fang Yuan chuckled as he looked at her, this woman was quite astute, she deduced many things just from his flying movement.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered as he said: “I have some precious information, if you want to buy them, you need to be able to pay for them.”


 He Gu smiled: “No worries friend, even though I am a lone cultivator, I have some assets. As long as your information is accurate, I will definitely pay an appropriate sum.”


 Fang Yuan created a simple agreement with He Gu before he told her some things about Qing Chou, they were all truthful words.


 He Gu’s eyes shined brightly: “Oh? A soul beast that has to do with Qing clan? Qing clan’s inheritance seems to be with it?”


 “I am unsure about the specifics.” Fang Yuan shook his head, not willing to say anything else.


 He Gu was satisfied with the information, she paid Fang Yuan a lot of Western Desert immortal materials.


 Even with Fang Yuan’s wealth, he was quite surprised. Among these immortal materials, one was ancient divine wood, it was a rare rank six immortal material. Even though it was rank six, it was very rare in treasure yellow heaven, it could be sold at the price of a rank seven immortal material.


 This was a small surprise, Fang Yuan earned some profits while exposing Qing Chou’s information.


 On one hand, he was helping Fang clan to divert the attention of the Western Desert Gu Immortals towards Qing Chou. Secondly, as long as Qing Chou was alive and hidden, Fang Yuan’s plans in green ghost desert were severely affected, he could make use of these Western Desert Gu Immortals to find out where Qing Chou was. If they really met and discovered this legendary immemorial soul beast, good luck to them.


 “My information is true, wisdom path Gu Immortals will definitely deduce upon it to test its reliability. This involves Qing clan’s inheritance, even rank eight existences would be moved. If one or two rank eight Gu Immortals act, Qing Chou would be in trouble.”


 As a wisdom path grandmaster, Fang Yuan used this opportunity to plot against Qing Chou.


 But that He Gu was not satisfied, she asked to explore green ghost desert with Fang Yuan.


 Lone immortals working together was common.


 Of course, Fang Yuan rejected her.


 Fang Yuan bid farewell to He Gu and left.


 That He Gu wanted to follow him, but he easily took a turn and used familiar face to disguise himself, getting rid of this woman.


 Fang Yuan did not enter green ghost desert, he left from the periphery of green ghost desert.


 He flew for several days without rest, arriving at Western Desert’s regional wall.


 After passing two regional walls, he reached Southern Border!


 The blazing sun was replaced by dark clouds in the sky.


 Western Desert had dry winds, but Southern Border was humid and moist.


 Looking far away, mountains were covered in vegetation, the scene was dyed in a dark-green color.


 “Southern Border...” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a mild light before becoming clear again. Within the five regions, he was the biggest impression of Southern Border.


 Immortal investigative killer move — Qi Luck Sensation!


 Immediately, he used the killer move as cold light shined in his eyes.


 He had connected his luck to upper extreme heavenly eagle earlier, now that he used qi luck sensation, he sensed its location to an extent.


 Fang Yuan’s main objective in Southern Border now was to obtain control of the upper extreme heavenly eagle again.


 This space path immemorial desolate beast was very useful to him. With it, Fang Yuan could annex all of the blessed lands within City Well, his immortal aperture’s foundation would rise sharply and his dao marks would increase in number.


 “The southeast direction...” Fang Yuan stopped qi luck sensation as he flew into the clouds at lightning speed.



***
Chapter 1531 - Smoky Warm Jade Field


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, southeast direction.


 Yellow dragon river was to the north, while Bai Shou Mountain was to the south.


 This was originally a mountain range with varying contours, but it had split apart now, a huge Earth Trench had been created here with immeasurable depth.


 The great era was arriving, the five regions were becoming one, the first step was the turbulence in earth qi, and the connection of earth veins. Southern Border had the densest earth path dao marks in all five regions, therefore, after the first earthquake, several more huge earthquakes occurred throughout the region.


 Each earthquake was a disaster to Southern Border’s mortals. But for Gu Immortals, they were all fortuitous encounters!


 All sorts of immortal materials and even wild Immortal Gu would emerge from deep underground. The earth veins were the essence of the earth after all.


 These last years, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had been in deep commotion.


 First was the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, followed by the dream realm battle, be it lone cultivators, demonic path or righteous path members, many people had died, especially Wu clan, they had lost seven Gu Immortals!


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals became alert as a result, because of the danger, they tried hard to raise their strength.


 This time, the earth vein tremors created Earth Trenches, countless Southern Border Gu Immortals invested themselves into this, trying to scavenge for resources and make up for their losses while raising their strength.


 At this moment, in this newly developed Earth Trench, a group of Gu Masters were setting up a mortal Gu formation and setting up camp.


 The leader had rank five cultivation level and was a woman.


 Her eyebrows were thin like smoke, her eyes were as clear as the moon. Her skin was snow-white, and her lips were pink and tender, her silky jet black hair draping over her shoulders, accentuating her beauty.


 Right now, she was wearing a plain white dress, she was elegant like an orchid and gentle like water, having an aura of royalty in her.


 It was none other than Shang clan’s current leader, Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes were in a daze, staring at the field before her.


 This field was deep within Earth Trench, it was extraordinary, the soil was black and firm like iron, colorful smoke was rising up from the soil, floating towards the sky and forming into clouds.


 All of the Gu Masters in the field felt a warm feeling permeating their bodies and souls, they felt extremely comfortable.


 “The great power of nature, this is truly incredible!” Shang Xin Ci sighed, feeling deeply moved.


 A white robed young man was standing beside her, he had a heroic stature, sword-like sharp eyes and brows, a small eagle was resting on his shoulder, it was Ye Fan.


 Ye Fan spoke: “This field is not simple, if I am not wrong, this is a smoky warm jade field, it can produce immortal material smoky warm jade, it is extraordinary. This field is actually a few square kilometers worth of land, it has extremely high value!”


 Ye Fan still loved Shang Xin Ci in his heart, before this, he had taken it upon himself to help Shang Xin Ci handle the affairs of her clan.


 But afterwards, when chasing away the Eighteen Lads of Wine Village, he met Bai Ning Bing and was almost killed.


 Ye Fan managed to keep his life and changed drastically, becoming more mature. By chance, he met Lu Wei Yin and became his disciple.


 He was nurtured by Lu Wei Yin, not only did he enter black heaven to cultivate, he was even given lots of knowledge by Lu Wei Yin, far surpassing Shang Xin Ci.


 “So this place is called smoky warm jade field, thank you young master Ye for the explanation. I finally know why the immortal ancestors in our clan want me to lead the group to guard this place.” Shang Xin Ci expressed her gratitude.


 She originally had low aptitude and cultivation level, but to fight for the smoky warm jade field this time, Shang clan’s Gu Immortals went ahead and used their unique methods to raise Shang Xin Ci to rank five regardless of the cost.


 Worry flashed across Ye Fan’s eyes.


 Shang Xin Ci’s enemies were Hou clan and Tie clan.


 These two clans also sent their rank five cultivation level clan leaders here, they were bent on getting the smoky warm jade field.


 Ye Fan’s current understanding of the world had surpassed the mortal realm, he could tell very clearly.


 “This smoky warm jade field is a natural resource point. Whichever clan can control this place will gain a sizeable amount of smoky warm jade each year. Shang clan, Hou clan, and Tie clan, even the clan leaders of these three super forces are merely pawns, the Gu Immortals behind them are the true contesters.”


 “Sigh! The position of Shang clan leader seems high and mighty, but it is merely a political tool for Gu Immortals. They have no freedom and are in danger, lone immortals and demonic cultivators might also be coming here. During the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shang clan’s previous leader, Shang Yan Fei, the father of Shang Xin Ci, died as well. Wu clan’s leader Empress Wu Ji and other champions also faced the same fate... if one is not a Gu Immortal, no matter how amazing of a mortal they are, they are still mortals.”


 Ye Fan felt deep emotions thinking about this, he affirmed his determination to become an immortal!


 “Report—! Hou clan and Tie clan have sent large groups of troops of an unprecedented scale, directly towards us.” At this time, an investigative Gu Master reported.


 A beautiful female Gu Master beside Shang Xin Ci said: “Clan leader was right, we set up a Gu formation and expanded our base, we triggered the bottom lines of these two clans.”


 This beautiful woman was Wei De Xin, the wife of Wei clan leader, she was once bought as a slave by Fang Yuan and given to Shang Xin Ci. Right now, she was Shang Xin Ci’s personal guard, she was loyal and only wanted to repay her gratitude.


 Shang Xin Ci nodded, smiling: “The Gu formation has been set long ago, we are pretending to set it up now so as to lure these two clans to attack us, so that we can take them down at once.”


 Shang clan, Tie clan, and Hou clan had been in this conflict for a long time, they each had wins and losses, it was a tie between them. Thus, Shang Xin Ci came up with a plan to set up a Gu formation and amplify her side’s strength to win this contest. The other two clan leaders were experienced leaders and would not cause a commotion in their clans if they left for some time, but Shang Xin Ci was young and inexperienced, if she went out of the clan for too long, there would be a huge commotion internally. This was the reason why Shang Xin Ci had to take a risk.


 Of course, she was not taking a risk blindly, Shang Xin Ci had devised her plan after thoroughly researching her enemies, she was confident of obtaining victory now.


 “If I can defeat the two old clan leaders from Hou clan and Tie clan here, my reputation will rise sharply, when I return to the clan, things will change.” Saying so, Shang Xin Ci’s lips curled up as she said loudly: “I hope everyone can put in their effort and claim victory now.”


 Everyone responded positively.


 Shang Xin Ci had Wei De Xin as her guard, Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, and Xiong Feng as her three experts, she even had Xiao Yan from Shang clan arena, an external Gu Master who had been recruited by her and became an important general. As for steward Zhou Quan, he was taking the place of Shang Xin Ci in Shang Liang Mountain to maintain the situation in the clan.


 Ye Fan was like a guest elder, he was not considered a subordinate of Shang Xin Ci.


 “The position of clan leader is tiring and hard, but Xin Ci has learned a lot, she is not as weak now, she is becoming more bold.” At once, Ye Fan was dazed by Shang Xin Ci’s determined and elegant disposition.


 “Shang clan leader, what is the meaning of this?” A moment later, Tie clan leader arrived.


 Next, Hou clan leader also arrived with his men, questioning Shang Xin Ci: “Little lass, are you trying to take over this entire place by expanding your base?”


 Shang Xin Ci smiled lightly: “Clan leaders, we have already wasted a lot of time here. Why don’t we decide the victor now, what is the point of stalling?”


 Hou clan leader’s pupils shrunk.


 Tie clan leader laughed heartily, showing Shang Xin Ci a thumbs-up: “Good, you are an amazing junior. The truth is, I am quite frustrated with being here for so long, let’s have a huge three-way battle today and decide the victor.”


 Thus, all three sides sent out their troops and fought.


 Shang Xin Ci, Ye Fan, and the other higher-ups were standing on the spot, waiting for the results of the battle.


 “Activate the Gu formation.” Shang Xin Ci instructed.


 The formation path Gu Master beside her was hesitant: “Isn’t it too early to activate the Gu formation now? They will have a lot of time to react to it.”


 Shang Xin Ci shook her head: “Go ahead and set it up.”


 The Gu formation activated as light filled the battlefield.


 Hou clan and Tie clan’s Gu Masters immediately panicked.


 Shang Xin Ci spoke loudly: “This formation can protect the lives of those heavily injured, Gu Masters from Hou clan and Tie clan, go ahead and fight.”


 Once she said that, Hou clan’s and Tie clan’s leaders had changes of expressions.


 Tie clan leader laughed loudly: “I’ve heard of Shang clan leader’s kindness long ago, it seems to be true after all, alright, let us fight until the end.”


 Hou clan leader snorted coldly, thinking: “This lass is truly formidable, she said the incredible ability of this Gu formation to put our resolve in chaos, would we still get rid of the formation after hearing that? I truly underestimated her!”


 “Looking at all the clan leaders of super forces and even Gu Master experts, Xin Ci is the kindest person I’ve ever seen. She could have created an offensive formation, but she chose this and reduced her own advantage. I need to lend her a hand later.” Ye Fan thought.


 He did not mention his immortal fortuitous encounter to Shang Xin Ci and the rest.


 But after cultivating in black heaven, Ye Fan was confident that even rank five Gu Masters were not his match!


 The Gu formation activated, under its effect, whenever a Gu Master suffers great injury, they would be enveloped by light and sent out, safe from harm.


 At the same time, the Gu formation amplified the power of Shang clan’s Gu Masters.


 Tie clan and Hou clan had Gu Masters trying to unravel this Gu formation, but before they succeeded, Shang clan’s Gu Masters would have a huge advantage.


 “Kill!” Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, and Xiong Feng joined the battlefield, the three worked together closely, most elders were not their match.


 Soon, three elders from Hou clan suffered heavy injuries and were sent out of the battlefield by the light.


 “Damn it!” Hou clan leader clenched his fist: “I already convinced a crucial person in Shang clan to sabotage Shang Xin Ci, to think that she would initiate battle now. This Tie clan leader is too rash, he actually agreed and fell into her schemes. Hmm?”


 At this time, a female Gu Master walked out of Tie clan’s formation, she was fearsome!


 She fought valiantly, rampaging the battlefield unhindered.


 The three Xiong brothers wanted to stop her, but they were sent out of the battlefield rapidly by her unstoppable advancement.


 Hou clan leader’s eyes were bulging, he finally realized: “So Tie clan has such a person! Amazing, too amazing, even if I go and fight, I am not her match.”


 At the moment of crisis, Ye Fan entered the battlefield, standing in front of this female Gu Master: “Lady, may I know your name?”


 That woman’s eyes flashed like lightning as she assessed Ye Fan, showing a hint of sternness, she said in a cold tone: “Tie Ruo Nan!”



***
Chapter 1532 - Ye Fan Versus Tie Ruo Nan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom boom boom!


 Intense explosions resounded. Mortal killer moves were unleashed endlessly, two figures were clashing continuously as they fought.


 One was Ye Fan with immense luck, he cultivated transformation path and light path, he obtained the guidance of a Gu Immortal of Shang clan and was also the disciple of the mysterious Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin. And the rarest thing was that he did not rely on his fortuitous encounters alone, he was walking on his own cultivation path.


 And for Tie Ruo Nan, even though she was born in the super clan Tie clan, her childhood was not fortunate, she lost her mother when she was a child, and her father when she was a teenager, she became one of Tie clan’s eight young masters through her own hard work, she was skilled in both the pen and sword, she had a lot of suitors. Especially after getting the guidance of Tie clan Gu Immortal Tie Mian Shen, she became the inheritor of Iron Mask true inheritance.


 These two were fighting like two geniuses competing, huge commotions were created, the backlash of their attacks created a large area that would injure ordinary Gu Masters if they went into the range of their attacks, everyone had to evade them.


 The Gu Masters from all three clans were stunned from seeing their fight.


 “Missy, young master Ye is so strong? Why did we not know?” Servant Xiao Die asked Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci’s eyes flickered as she pondered: “Young master Ye must have his own opportunities, his strength rose drastically. This is a good thing, but his opponent is not simple, young master Ye has to be more careful.”


 Xiao Die chuckled as she covered her mouth: “Young master Ye is indeed talented and handsome, everyone can see that he likes you, Missy. If he knows about your concern towards him, he would be so happy.”


 Shang Xin Ci shook her head, she wanted to say something but did not speak in the end.


 Xiao Die had been observing her, she was Shang Xin Ci’s confidant, extremely close to her, she was a servant back in Zhang clan, back then, she had followed the caravan along with Shang Xin Ci to Shang clan city.


 Thus, others called Shang Xin Ci clan leader or city lord, but Xiao Die still addressed her as Missy, and Shang Xin Ci did not ask her to change her title, this showed how close the two girls were.


 Right now, Xiao Die was full of worries, she thought: “It seems that Missy still cannot forget that demonic path Gu Master Fang Yuan. Sigh, what ill-affinity do they have, that Fang Yuan only escorted us to Shang clan city but he became Missy’s crush. I wonder where he is now? I’m afraid he’s already dead. Sigh, if he really died, I hope we can see his corpse so that Missy can give up and forget him.”


 Xiao Die had B grade aptitude, she was just a mortal Gu Master after all, she had not interacted with Gu Immortals, she did not know who Fang Yuan was now, she still thought that Fang Yuan was that mortal demonic path Gu Master.


 Even though Shang Xin Ci learned about Fang Yuan’s current situation from Shang clan Gu Immortal Shang Qing Qing, she did not need to tell Xiao Die about this.


 “The new generation surpasses the old, I am truly old now.” Hou clan leader watched Tie Ruo Nan and Ye Fan’s fight, he felt incredibly shocked and also bitter.


 Tie clan leader was more shocked than anything, he thought: “I thought that by sending Tie Ruo Nan, we would be able to sweep away the obstacles and claim victory, but now, it seems that the outcome has yet to be decided. To think that Shang clan has such a hidden expert!”


 At the same time, in the sky above the battlefield where mortal Gu Masters could not detect, three Southern Border Gu Immortals placed their gazes on Tie Ruo Nan’s and Ye Fan’s fight.


 They were from Shang clan, Hou clan, and Tie clan, the three immortals were sitting on a white cloud, there was a round table in front of them as fragrant tea was placed before them.


 The Gu Immortals drank tea as they used the mortals of their clans as chips to gamble, deciding the ownership of this smoky warm jade field.


 This smoky warm jade field was a high grade resource point, even super forces placed a lot of attention on it. If they could get it, there would be huge profits for the entire clan.


 But using mortals to compete without Gu Immortals fighting, was it too foolish? Or rather, if they lost, would the Gu Immortals deny the victory?


 Using mortals to gamble on immortal level conflicts, it was not so simple after all.


 Forget about the lone and demonic immortals that live alone, but for righteous path forces, they looked at the long term consequences. They focused on nurturing descendants, like how Shang clan had their young master competition to make them fight for top positions, they even brought in external Gu Masters in the arena. Tie clan also had eight main young masters, and other clans had their own systems, it was all to choose immortal seeds from their mortal descendants!


 There was deep meaning in letting the clansmen fight, they represented the future achievements of the clan. Especially those Gu Immortal seeds, losing any one of them was a huge loss to the Gu Immortals.


 But Gu Immortals needed to do this, the advantages far outweighed the costs.


 Firstly, as long as Gu Immortals did not die in the clan, their foundations would not waver, the clan would not be destabilized. As long as Gu Immortals did not fight, anything could be negotiated.


 Secondly, it was a test for these mortals too when they compete. Those who survive would emerge more experienced while those dead genius would not be considered real geniuses. The righteous path has been nurturing descendants for a long time, they could afford to lose Gu Immortal seeds.


 Among the three, when competing, there were bound to be positive and negative relationships created, this would bond the clan together. When the Gu Immortal seeds grow in the future, they might have enemies in other super forces, by then, they would not be able to leave the clan, they would need to rely on it.


 Any policy had its considerations, this was not just a shallow game where Gu Immortals used mortals as pawns. Those in power were not so simple.


 At this moment, the three immortals were focusing on Tie Ruo Nan and Ye Fan, the three knew: the winner of this fight was the key to decide who would own smoky warm jade field.


 The immortal from Shang clan, Shang Qing Qing, smiled from the seat to the left: “Congratulations Lord Tie Mian Shen, you found a good inheritor for your Iron Mask true inheritance.”


 Tie clan had Iron Mask true inheritance, all the immortals in Southern Border knew about it. This true inheritance had a strict requirement, it was hard to find a suitable inheritor.


 A true inheritance was a mature and superior set of cultivation content. Sometimes, not everyone could inherit it, there were certain requirements for them.


 Tie clan’s Tie Mian Shen was sitting at the center.


 He wore a martial uniform and his chest and legs were covered in armor, there was a thick iron mask on his face.


 He had not brought a mask to wear, it was the trait of cultivating the Iron Mask true inheritance. All the Gu Immortals who cultivate this true inheritance must have a heart of justice, they also were often people most skilled in Southern Border in investigating the truth.


 He had originally chosen the divine investigator, Tie Ruo Nan’s father, to become the inheritor of Iron Mask true inheritance, but he died on Qing Mao Mountain and recently, finding that Tie Ruo Nan also had the qualities and talent, she was chosen as his new inheritor.


 This time, Tie clan sent him here to fight over smoky warm jade field, he brought Tie Ruo Nan along to use this chance to train her.


 Among the three Gu Immortals present, the Gu Immortals from Hou clan and Shang clan were only rank six, as the only one with rank seven cultivation level, Tie Mian Shen sat at the center.


 When they conversed, Shang Qing Qing and the Hou clan Gu Immortal also spoke respectfully to Tie Mian Shen.


 Tie Mian Shen nodded slightly: “Shang clan’s fairy is right, this is my true inheritance’s successor. But she is still young, she needs to be trained.”


 Hou clan’s Gu Immortal Hou Yao remained silent. He was watching the battlefield now, even though his clan was the weakest now, he had not lost yet. As long as Tie clan and Shang clan suffered losses together, the eventual result was still unknown.


 Smoke and dust rumbled as Ye Fan took a step back, he breathed in deeply as his chest inflated and bulged.


 Tie Ruo Nan pounced like an eagle from behind him, her fingers were extended like claws.


 Ye Fan turned around and spat out a bright red arrow towards Tie Ruo Nan’s face.


 Tie Ruo Nan was not panicking, her eyes shined brightly as she leaned backwards, evading like an elegant crane, dodging the red arrow.


 But at this time, Ye Fan had already found his opportunity, he pushed forward with both hands and pounced.



***
Chapter 1533 - Underground Frost Heart Lake


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Tie Ruo Nan grunted as she raised her fists, facing the attack.


 Boom!


 A loud sound resounded as fist and palm collided, erupting with white light.


 Intense light burst out, the ground cracked from the impact.


 Both sides collided intensely before retreating backwards rapidly. After ten or so steps, they stabilized their footing and looked at each other while panting roughly.


 At this moment, they both had solemn expressions as they treated the other party as their biggest rival, they did not dare to be careless.


 “Really amazing, these two have battle strength far surpassing normal rank fives, they are both Gu Immortal seeds!” Shang Xin Ci sighed in her mind, with her current knowledge, she knew some things about the Gu Immortal world from Shang Qing Qing.


 Ye Fan looked around as he spoke: “Tie Ruo Nan, if you can handle this move, I will admit defeat!”


 Tie Ruo Nan’s gaze focused as she nodded, agreeing: “Okay.”


 Mortal Gu Masters had limited primeval essence, they did not fight for long, but the battle was intense, they used many mortal killer moves, their primeval essence was greatly expended.


 Thus, there was little primeval essence left in their apertures. Tie Ruo Nan agreed the moment Ye Fan initiated a final move to decide victory.


 Ye Fan breathed in deeply and started to activate his killer move.


 Mortal killer move — Aurora Bird!


 Chirp chirp!


 Sounds of anxious bird chirping could be heard.


 Light flowed like water on Ye Fan’s body, these rainbow lights rumbled and gathered on his forearms and right palm.


 The aurora lights acted on their own, they chirped as they transformed into the shape of a small sparrow.


 The aurora bird gathered energy and had a powerful aura, Tie Ruo Nan had a grim expression, black smoke was emerging from her body. The black smoke gathered on her face and slowly turned into a thin black iron mask.


 Mortal killer move — Iron Mask Equipment!


 This move came from Iron Mask true inheritance, if an Immortal Gu was used as the core, it would be an immortal killer move.


 “Go.” Ye Fan called out as the rainbow light on his right arm seemingly gained life at this instant, leaving his body and flying into the sky, turning into a rainbow bird.


 The bird flapped its wings as the aurora bird charged forward at an extreme speed.


 “Come.” Tie Ruo Nan called out too as she charged forward instead of staying back.


 At the next moment, she collided into the aurora bird.


 Tie clan’s Gu Masters gasped, they were worried for Tie Ruo Nan, to think that she actually used her body to block the strongest attack from Ye Fan.


 Above the clouds, Tie Mian Shen was calm and unmoved, he knew the power of iron mask equipment, he was confident in its defense.


 Chirp chirp!


 The aurora bird crashed onto Tie Ruo Nan and turned back into a lump of aurora light, enveloping Tie Ruo Nan.


 Black smoke emerged from Tie Ruo Nan’s body as it defended against the corrosion of the aurora light.


 Both sides were stuck in a deadlock, unable to decide the victor.


 “Your Shang clan’s Gu Immortal seed is also quite good.” Tie Mian Shen praised.


 Shang Qing Qing smiled: “It is a shame, he is an external seed.”


 Tie Mian Shen nodded: “I see that this killer move he had is innovative, it is likely his own creation. To be able to create his own style at this age, he far surpasses ordinary geniuses.”


 Hou Yao watched with envy by the side, sighing: “Such seeds are all future pillars for the clan.”


 Shang Qing Qing was humble but she felt very suspicious. She had given guidance to Ye Fan before, but he did not display such talent back then.


 “My Shang clan has an arena system, thus Tie Mian Shen and Hou Yao thought that he is an external Gu Immortal seed that we recruited, but that is not the case.”


 “Ye Fan displayed such talent, he must have had some fortuitous encounters recently. Of course, he created his own killer move, such talent cannot be underestimated. He really is qualified to become part of our clan.”


 “If we can investigate and find that his origins are not suspicious, we will recruit him. Right, he seems to like Shang Xin Ci, we can make use of that. If he can become a Gu Immortal, so what if we have to give him Shang Xin Ci? This would be a beautiful story in the future as well.”


 Shang Qing Qing thought and made her plans, while at the same time, two Gu Immortals were conversing and plotting at a lake near the mountain.


 These two Gu Immortals were concealing their traces, they had prepared for this long ago.


 Among them, one of the Gu Immortals was a weak looking young man, he was called Yi Yu, he had a worried expression: “Will our actions really not alert those three Gu Immortals?”


 “No.” His companion Yi Nan Men answered with certainty: “If not for my unique investigative killer move, I would not have found an ancient water monster under this smoky warm jade field! Our Yi clan is most skilled at water path, it is hard for these three Gu Immortals to find out.”


 “And currently, we are not acting directly, we are luring this slumbering ancient water monster to wake up and rampage.”


 Saying so, Yi Nan Men’s words shifted: “Of course, Gu Immortals have all sorts of methods, I cannot guarantee that they will not find out. But even if they find out and expose us, we can explain ourselves too, after all, Yi clan is also a super force, they might be suspicious, but they would not fight to the death with us.”


 “If they do not discover anything, hehe, when the water monster rampages, they will definitely suppress it. By then, you can act and kill one of them to make the three clans suspicious of each other and fight!”


 Yi Nan Men had rank seven cultivation level, while Yi Yu was only rank six, in their plan, Yi Yu was the one executing the assassination, he must have some unique method.


 The weak looking young man Yi Yu had a worried expression: “I am not familiar with that move yet, what if the activation fails? What if they find out when I use it?”


 Yi Nan Men had a solemn expression: “That is the worst possible scenario, if they find out, I will use my life to stall them and let you escape. I will not admit I am a Gu Immortal from Yi clan even if I die, you must do the same.”


 “Mm!” This time, Yi Yu no longer had a worried expression, he was filled with solemnness and determination.


 Yi Nan Men breathed in deeply: “I am going to make a move.”


 He activated an immortal killer move with deeply concealed aura, there was not a hint of commotion from it, Yi Yu became more assured.


 At the next moment, water ripples appeared deep underground, a slumbering water monster had been rudely awakened!


 On the surface, Ye Fan and Tie Ruo Nan were still about to decide the winner when the ground shook.


 Puff puff puff!


 Gushes of water rushed out of the black soil on the ground and penetrated the battlefield, destroying the Gu formation that Shang clan had painstakingly created.


 Dozens of huge water pillars that were tens of feet high appeared in smoky warm jade field.



***
Chapter 1534 - Fang Yuan Arrives


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Those unlucky Gu Masters who were hit by the water pillars were quickly reduced to piles of mushy flesh.


 Such a shocking change made all the Gu Masters incredibly flustered, they quickly stopped fighting and tried to leave the place.


 “What is going on?” The three Gu Immortals above the clouds were about to respond when these water pillars gathered into one and turned into an ancient water monster that had a fish body, frog legs, and tiger head!


 The water monster roared and pounced at the mortals.


 It did not have much intelligence, it thought that these mortal Gu Masters had interrupted its sleep.


 Its huge frog legs landed on the ground as a vast amount of water gushed out.


 But the three immortals acted in time, three shields of light defended their respective clansmen.


 “So this smoky warm jade field has an underground frost heart lake, there was an ancient water monster inside it.” Hou Yao had a solemn expression.


 Shang Qing Qing gritted her teeth, looking at Tie Mian Shen: “I hope Lord Tie Mian Shen can take the lead, we will assist you to take down the ancient water monster, preventing it from rampaging and destroying the smoky warm jade field.”


 Hou Yao and her were rank six Gu Immortals, they could not deal with the ancient water monster. Only Tie Mian Shen was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he was naturally going to take the lead.


 Tie Mian Shen nodded, he was about to fly down when suddenly, a sharp eagle cry resounded in everyone’s ears.


 At the next moment, everyone became shocked, the tiny eagle beside Ye Fan expanded rapidly and turned into a huge eagle!


 Upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 The huge eagle shrieked as it pounced at the ancient water monster.


 Upper extreme heavenly eagle was rescued by the mysterious Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin, it was restrained by his methods and was forced to stay with Ye Fan.


 But when Ye Fan met with danger, Lu Wei Yin’s restraints would weaken greatly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would be able to use its strength again.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle did not have the awareness of humans, it could not detect Gu Immortals in the area, it only felt threatened by the ancient water monster and its pride was provoked, it wanted to teach this monster a lesson.


 Sensing the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s imposing aura, the ancient water monster backed off and turned into water, flowing out of the cave and escaping.


 After the ancient water monster left, Ye Fan became safe again, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s seal activated as it turned back into a tiny eagle, a formless force made it return to Ye Fan again.


 Silence was around Ye Fan, countless Gu Masters looked at him with a shocked expression.


 “Young... young master Ye, what is this eagle exactly...” Xiao Die was tongue-tied, she was completely stunned.


 Ye Fan rubbed his nose: “If I say that this is the first time I’ve seen this eagle’s power, would you believe me?”


 “Immemorial desolate beast!! Be it the three Gu Immortals in the clouds or the two Yi clan Gu Immortals hiding under the lake, they were completely lost for words.


 “Why did this happen?” Those two Yi clan Gu Immortals only wanted to release the ancient water monster, they did not expect an immemorial desolate beast to appear.


 “This is a good thing, we do not need to do anything. That immemorial desolate beast can kill these three immortals!” Yi Yu said.


 Yi Nan Men had a grim expression: “Things are not so simple, can’t you see? That immemorial desolate beast is raised by someone, it is the pet of that young man who was fighting earlier!”


 “Shang clan’s fairy, what is going on, this immemorial desolate beast is?” Tie Mian Shen’s gaze was bright like lightning, he turned around and questioned Shang Qing Qing.


 Shang Qing Qing smiled bitterly, she was completely stunned earlier, her expression had given her away, even if she did not expose any loopholes earlier, she could not lie now.


 Shang Qing Qing only had rank six cultivation level, she had to say: “I am not sure, it must be the young man’s fortuitous encounter.”


 “What sort of fortuitous encounter can make a mortal raise an immemorial desolate beast as a pet?” Hou Yao exclaimed in a tone of shock and disbelief.


 Tie Mian Shen smiled coldly: “This matter is too important, we cannot ignore it. Smoky warm jade field is no longer important in comparison! This young man must have obtained an immortal true inheritance, but our Southern Border righteous path has never had such a method to allow a mere mortal to raise an immemorial desolate beast, I need to investigate this and prevent the demonic path from rising again!”


 Shang Qing Qing was furious but helpless, she smiled bitterly: “I am sure Lord Tie Mian Shen will investigate this matter and uphold justice.”


 “Eagle, eagle, so you are this amazing!” Ye Fan sighed continuously, he stretched out his hand and wanted to touch the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s head.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle had struggled and attempted to break free but it could do nothing against the seal, after a long time, it gave up. It returned to Ye Fan’s shoulder and felt angry, but hearing his words, it showed a prideful expression, seeing Ye Fan’s hand, it stretched out its wing and slapped it away.


 Ye Fan smiled bitterly.


 Xiao Die watched with bulging eyes: “This eagle is so arrogant, but with that strength, the arrogance suits it. Young master Ye, you...”


 Before she finished, Shang Xin Ci interrupted: “Xiao Die, this is young master Ye Fan’s secret, stop asking him.”


 “No worry, no worry, this eagle was captured by my master.” Ye Fan saw that this was exposed and did not want to lie to Shang Xin Ci.


 “Your master could subdue such an eagle?!” Xiao Die screeched.


 Shang Xin Ci had a shocked expression too, she connected the dots, Ye Fan’s master was likely to be a powerful Gu Immortal!


 While they were speaking, the upper extreme heavenly eagle suddenly showed great fright and became restless on Ye Fan’s shoulder, it was like a rat seeing a cat, or a sheep seeing a wolf.


 “What happened?” Xiao Die and the rest were surprised, this arrogant eagle actually acted like this, it was a huge contrast to their impression of it.


 “I don’t know!” Ye Fan shouted: “This is the first time I’ve seen the eagle act so flustered.”


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle did not move from Ye Fan’s shoulder, but it shrieked at one direction. Its voice was no longer imposing as before, it was filled with fright and even had a begging tone, one could easily tell that fear was in its eyes, and even a trace of anger.


 “What is going on?” At once, be it the mortal Gu Masters or Gu Immortals, they looked towards the direction that upper extreme heavenly eagle was crying out at.


 Next, everyone saw a figure flying in the sky, moving like a sword piercing the air.


 All of the white clouds in the sky were cut into two by this figure.


 “It seems like a person?”


 “Immortal?!”


 The Gu Masters were shocked.


 “Who is it?”


 “This aura, it is not an ordinary immortal...”


 The Gu Immortals were alerted and felt great surprise.


 The figure stopped in the air as everyone saw this Gu Immortal’s true appearance.


 Only to see that his complexion was as clear as jade, his nose was tall and his black eyes were shining with cold light. He had long hair that resembled a waterfall, hanging straight down to his waist. He wore a white robe that fluttered in the wind, he was handsome to the point of looking like a peerless beauty, his dominating aura was extremely intense.


 All of the mortal Gu Masters looked up towards him.


 In pure silence.


 Before they heard him speak in a plain tone: “My bird, so you are here.”



***
Chapter 1535 - Misplaced Love


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Who is this person?” Ye Fan raised his head to look at Fang Yuan, feeling suspicious.


 At this moment, he could not help but recall his master Lu Wei Yin’s words.


 “Master said before that this eagle can resolve the karma of one incident on me. I have always been wondering about it, is this Gu Immortal the owner of this eagle, and my karma involves him?”


 Ye Fan did not know Fang Yuan because he was in the appearance of the sovereign immortal body, Ye Fan had never seen him like this.


 Ye Fan knew about the appearance of Fang Yuan’s rank six time path clone, he had learned about it from the people around Shang Xin Ci. This was an easy task, back then, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were the Black and White Demons, they had arrest warrants on them.


 Servant Xiao Die was shivering as her teeth clattered.


 She could not recognize Fang Yuan, she only knew that he had such a powerful aura and was the owner of the upper extreme heavenly eagle. The eagle was already this powerful, how strong would its owner be?


 Xiao Die could not imagine it, she only felt fear, Fang Yuan was likely here to find trouble with them.


 Shang Xin Ci bit her lips, her gaze was fixed as she looked at Fang Yuan, there was not only shock in her eyes, there was even suspicion, there was an unclear feeling and sensation in her heart.


 The mortals were confused and shocked, but the Gu Immortals were different, they felt a chill in their bodies!


 “This, this is?!” Rank six Gu Immortal Hou Yao stared with wide eyes as he became tongue-tied. He knew who Fang Yuan was, but he could not say the answer even though it was right at the tip of his tongue.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body appearance was the same as Liu Guan Yi when he roamed the world.


 Back then in Southern Border, he entered the immortal formation and explored the super dream realm while disguised as Wu Yi Hai.


 Liu Guan Yi and Wu Yi Hai had very different appearances.


 However! After the battle of Reverse Flow River, in order to ruin Longevity Heaven’s political plan, Heavenly Court framed Fang Yuan to divide the Northern Plains Gu Immortal forces, announcing the truth behind Liu Guan Yi being Fang Yuan all along.


 Thus, everyone learned that Fang Yuan was Liu Guan Yi and had also disguised as Wu Yi Hai. His sovereign immortal body’s appearance, which was the same as Liu Guan Yi, was no longer a secret, it was known to all.


 This time, Fang Yuan came to Southern Border without using familiar face or any concealment methods.


 There were a few reasons.


 Firstly, he had a clear objective, he wanted to reclaim the upper extreme heavenly eagle. There was no point in concealing his identity if he was going to make a move anyway.


 Secondly, after the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan obtained rank eight battle strength, and after such a long time of growth, his foundation was deep and his strength was unfathomable, he had sufficient confidence to roam Southern Border now.


 Thirdly, Fang Yuan was purposely exposing his identity to probe the setup of Heavenly Court and the righteous path. But along the way, he was unobstructed.


 As a result of several reasons, every Gu Immortal recognized who Fang Yuan was!


 “Upper extreme heavenly eagle... Wu Yi Hai... so that’s it, this eagle is the upper extreme heavenly eagle!” Shang Qing Qing had countless thoughts, after linking them together, she understood the situation.


 “Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, this is a widely known fact! A rank eight Gu Immortal is completely different from an immemorial desolate beast! We need to run!” Yi Yu who was hiding in the lake said.


 This young and weak looking rank six Gu Immortal was very shocked, his expression was pale, his soul was shaking.


 “Why are you so afraid, he might not have found us. Even if we leave now, it is too late, do you think we can outrun him?” Rank seven Gu Immortal Yi Nan Men had an ugly expression, he completely ignored the plans of Yi clan, he tried his best to conceal his aura to the limit.


 The immortals were all helpless, but Tie Mian Shen floated up and showed himself openly, flying towards Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, you are currently wanted by Central Continent, Southern Border, and Northern Plains, you dare to show up?”


 All the immortals saw this and felt deep admiration towards Tie Mian Shen.


 “As expected of Tie Mian Shen!”


 “Tie clan’s Gu Immortals are truly admirable.”


 “At this point, there is no use in hiding, this is a desperate situation, we need to work together and unite, there will be a chance of survival.”


 “That’s right! Fang Yuan could escape arrest and roam the world, he must have an extremely powerful movement method. If we split up, he would catch up and kill us one by one. Our only hope is to unite and wait for reinforcements to arrive.”


 Gu Immortals were all not ordinary.


 After hearing Tie Mian Shen’s words, the Gu Immortals present calmed themselves and understood the situation, they had to unite against this demonic path Gu Immortal who had been the center of attention recently, or they would not survive.


 “If Fang Yuan finds us, we will have to fight to the death and resist this demon!” Yi Nan Men and Yi Yu conversed.


 At the moment of crisis, Tie Mian Shen stood up and stabilized the righteous path, he was truly an elite of Tie clan, a heroic rank seven expert.


 The mortals of the three clans went into a clamor.


 “Look, another immortal appeared!”


 “Oh heavens, am I seeing this wrongly?”


 Everyone raised their heads, their eyes were filled with shock and curiosity.


 Normally, immortals could not be found in all five regions, but now, two Gu Immortals appeared out of nowhere, they were deeply shocked.


 “Wait, what did the second Gu Immortal say? Fang Yuan? Is he the person that Lady Xin Ci has been thinking of everyday? But his appearance is not the same.” Ye Fan’s heart shook, he subconsciously turned around and looked at Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci raised her snow-white neck as she stared at Fang Yuan without looking away.


 When Tie Mian Shen exposed Fang Yuan’s identity, she instantly understood why she had that mystical feeling in her heart.


 The person she had been thinking of all the time was right in front of her, appearing in such a way, Shang Xin Ci looked at him fixedly as if time had stopped.


 Her emotions that had accumulated for a long time erupted in her heart.


 Was it because Fang Yuan helped her when she was at her most vulnerable and helpless moment?


 Sometimes, she felt suspicious towards herself, was it really love that she felt towards Fang Yuan?


 Or was it gratitude?


 But now, when she saw Fang Yuan again, even though his appearance changed, the emotions inside her poured out like a waterfall.


 At this moment, tears emerged in her eyes, she confirmed that this was love!


 Love was absurd, there was no logic in it.


 Trying to find an answer for love was stupid and foolish.


 But Shang Xin Ci understood that she had met the wrong person at the right time.


 She knew that she could not love him, she knew the difference between them. But how could she stop her own emotions?


 Thus, Shang Xin Ci was helpless, she could only look up at Fang Yuan’s imposing figure.


 She tried to open her eyes and see Fang Yuan’s appearance clearly, but she could not. Her commonly used investigative killer moves were all useless against Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body.


 “The current me does not even have the qualifications to look at him?” Shang Xin Ci had complex emotions, there was joy, dejectedness, sadness, and most importantly, great worry over Fang Yuan’s safety.


 But she knew her own identity and strength, she was Shang clan’s leader, a righteous path member and an insignificant mortal.


 She had learned of Fang Yuan’s identity and history from Shang Qing Qing.


 But she could not do or say anything, she could only endure while watching silently!


 Ye Fan saw Shang Xin Ci’s expression, this was the first time he had seen this expression from her, his heart jumped, he had never felt such an intense pain that assaulted him to the core.


 This pain was a mix of love towards Shang Xin Ci and hatred towards Fang Yuan!


 At once, he confirmed that this Gu Immortal was Fang Yuan!


 “Don’t tell me the karma master talked about is between me and Fang Yuan?” Ye Fan had another guess.


 He was shocked by Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal identity but he soon accepted it.


 Because he had met Bai Ning Bing and almost lost his life. Afterwards, he met Lu Wei Yin and learned many things, thinking back, he felt that Bai Ning Bing was likely a Gu Immortal.


 Back then, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were known as the Black and White Demons, Bai Ning Bing had already become a Gu Immortal, while Fang Yuan refined an Immortal Gu in Three Kings blessed land, the whole of Southern Border knew that, he must have gotten an immortal opportunity. Why would it be strange that he was a Gu Immortal now?



***
Chapter 1536 - Floating Sinking Iron Sand


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fang Yuan, I feel like I’ve heard of this name before?”


 “Is that the Little Beast King who refined an Immortal Gu on San Cha Mountain?”


 “Even though I cannot see clearly, I’m afraid that’s him!”


 “He became an immortal? He had such a huge fortuitous encounter! Sigh, why was it not me?”


 The Gu Masters from all three clans burst into commotion.


 The mortals were discussing the matter and venting their emotions of shock and jealousy, the situation became extremely heated.


 These mortals were stuck to old news, Fang Yuan’s true fame was only known among Gu Immortals now, mortals barely knew anything of him.


 Tie Ruo Nan clenched her fists, gritting her teeth as she watched. She had a simple relationship with Fang Yuan, deep hatred!


 The conflict between her and Fang Yuan was a long lasting one, the hatred did not reduce over time, it was like wine, becoming deeper as time passed.


 But now, even though the enemy was in front of her, Tie Ruo Nan could do nothing against him!


 Fang Yuan was an immortal now! If this was the past, before Tie Ruo Nan knew the difference between immortal and mortal, so be it. But after interacting with Tie Mian Shen, she was very clear of the difference. As a mere mortal, there was no hope in getting revenge on a Gu Immortal!


 Now, Tie Ruo Nan’s only hope was Tie Mian Shen. She wanted to see Tie clan’s Gu Immortal Tie Mian Shen kill Fang Yuan publicly and uphold justice, to take revenge for Tie Ruo Nan’s friends and family!


 Fang Yuan looked at the three immortals as he laughed arrogantly: “I am here to take back the thing I lost, are the three of you going to try and stop me?”


 Shang Qing Qing and Hou Yao had pounding hearts, Fang Yuan had only said a sentence without using any methods, but they felt that his demonic might was overwhelming, they lost all of their fighting spirit.


 Fang Yuan’s fame resounded in the world, his demonic might was a deterrence to the entire world! Even someone like Wu Yong was toyed around by him, and Heavenly Court could not even catch him after such a long time. These were merely rank six Gu Immortals, it was normal to feel this.


 The mortals on the ground heard Fang Yuan’s words clearly.


 Tie Ruo Nan was filled with anger: “Demon, even after becoming an immortal, he is still a demon! It is a misfortune for everyone that he holds such power. He deserves death, this demon deserves death! The righteous path should eliminate such evil and kill this demon to protect the world!”


 Thinking of this, Tie Ruo Nan looked at Tie Mian Shen expectantly.


 In her heart, this Tie clan Gu Immortal expert could almost hold up heaven and earth, he could pick the moon and stars from the sky, he could definitely kill Fang Yuan.


 After all, Fang Yuan was born in the same generation as her, how long had he been an immortal? How could he be Tie Mian Shen’s match?


 But at the next moment, Tie Ruo Nan’s heroic eyes stared widely.


 Tie Mian Shen sighed as he said: “Oh Fang Yuan, you rampaged unhindered over the five regions, you are renowned in the world, I am not your match. But even if I die, I will fight, this is the resolution of my Tie clan!”


 “But I have something to say, we are both immortals, we should not implicate these mortals. Why don’t we let these mortals leave first, we can have a good fight, even if I die, I will have no regrets.”


 “What, what did he say? Lord Tie Mian Shen admitted he could not match Fang Yuan? How, how could this be?” Tie Ruo Nan was tongue-tied, this shocking news almost destroyed her entire mental state.


 Such words came from Tie Mian Shen himself, her entire worldview had been crushed.


 “Let these mortals off? Why should I? Hehehe.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly as killing intent surged.


 He gazed around and saw the mortals on the ground.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s anger was not worth his attention, the rage of an ant was pointless rage.


 The luck connected Ye Fan, a person who was blessed by fate and had strong luck, even though there was a main and sub luck relationship, Fang Yuan did not want to let him off. Killing this person was beneficial to him. After all, every time Fang Yuan used burning soul bursting luck, Ye Fan would obtain a portion of that luck.


 And why was the upper extreme heavenly eagle with Ye Fan, Fang Yuan was very curious about this, he wanted to investigate.


 As for Shang Xin Ci?


 Fang Yuan’s cold gaze flickered slightly, he showed a strange emotion.


 He had gotten close to Shang Xin Ci earlier in order to use her and gain footing in Shang clan. But now, Fang Yuan was shocked to find out that Shang Xin Ci’s luck was incredibly alarming!


 Fang Yuan had methods to inspect luck, Shang Xin Ci was a mere mortal, her luck was clear to Fang Yuan.


 Above her head, there was a thick gush of white and pure luck, it weaved and gathered into a beautiful cape, it seemed to be made of countless bird feathers, there was even a drizzle of luck near it, moving around this bird feathered cape.


 “Such luck, such a phenomenon, even Ye Fan, Hong Yi, and Han Li cannot compare to her. What is going on? With such luck, Shang Xin Ci is not a simple person, she is definitely an important person in the great era. Strange... why is it that in the five hundred years of my previous life, Shang Xin Ci was only a mortal throughout?”


 “Unless heaven’s will altered my memories inside Spring Autumn Cicada? Or was it because I ruined Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s heaven defying plan and became the leader of Shadow Sect, I changed many things and Shang Xin Ci got affected? But why Shang Xin Ci? I am afraid that according to the route of fate, she is truly an important person in the new era!”


 Fang Yuan was thinking when he suddenly heard an eagle’s cry, it almost burst his eardrums.


 Next, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s seal weakened to its limit, as it pounced at Fang Yuan with bloodshot eyes.


 “Hmm? Even though I have killing intent in me, I have been controlling it using wisdom path methods, it had not spread out. This upper extreme heavenly eagle is actually being controlled, not only is there a seal, its emotions are being affected to come and attack me!”


 Fang Yuan snickered, he did not panic against the attack of an immemorial desolate beast.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was a space path immemorial desolate beast, it arrived in front of Fang Yuan with a flicker, its sharp eagle claws slashed at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not evade, he took this move head on!


 The huge eagle claw larger than his body scratched at him mercilessly.


 Shang Xin Ci gasped, the immortals were surprised, anticipating the results.


 Fang Yuan was sent flying by this huge force but he was unharmed. In contrast, upper extreme heavenly eagle cried out in pain as its attack was reversed, it felt immense pain, even though it did not suffer heavy injuries, it was not far from it!


 “We will attack now, this is the best opportunity!” Tie Mian Shen shouted as he attacked Fang Yuan.


 He was incredibly brave, using killer move iron mask equipment to turn into a ten meter giant.


 The iron giant pushed with its palms as black qi surged out like a tide, engulfing Fang Yuan like a tiger’s roar.


 “Which life form would not want freedom? This upper extreme heavenly eagle is unwilling to be enslaved by Fang Yuan, it wants to escape, we will make use of its battle strength and attack Fang Yuan together, like this, we might be able to persevere.”


 “Fang Yuan does not even want to let the mortals off, evidently, he is a demon even in the demonic path, he had no bottom line or principles. The mortals will die, we will also not be spared, we should fight for a chance of survival.”


 Hou Yao and Shang Qing Qing had many thoughts, they attacked as well.


 They unleashed their strongest methods from the start of the fight.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he did not evade, he let the three moves land on his body.


 At the next moment, these three moves were completely reflected back at Tie Mian Shen, Shang Qing Qing, and Hou Yao.


 Shang Qing Qing and Hou Yao were in a difficult situation, they quickly dodged.


 But that Tie Mian Shen’s eyes shone with brilliance, he shouted: “I’ll take this!”


 He jumped and entered the rumbling black qi that was reflected back, it did not do any damage to him, instead, he slowly regained control over it.


 “Fang Yuan, take this again!” Tie Mian Shen shouted, he burst out with Gu worm aura as black qi surged.


 This immortal killer move floating sinking iron sand had both offense and defense in it, it was compatible with iron mask equipment, even if it was reflected, Tie Mian Shen could regain control over it.


 And this floating sinking iron sand could be stacked and combined perfectly.


 Tie Mian Shen was a rank seven expert, even though his attacks were all reflected by Fang Yuan, he felt that he had a chance of winning.


 It was fine that the floating sinking iron sand was sent back, he could still control it and add more killer moves into it to increase the power of this move, he would become stronger as time passes!



***
Chapter 1537 - Fang Yuan Slaughters Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “As expected of Iron Mask true inheritance.” Fang Yuan saw that Tie Mian Shen had used floating sinking iron sand again with increased strength, bright light shined in his eyes.


 He had an understanding of the super forces in the five regions, because Shadow Sect’s information was very comprehensive.


 Every super force had their signature inheritance like Iron Mask true inheritance, Shadow Sect had wanted to obtain them too, but all the super forces kept a close eye on them, it was hard for Shadow Sect to succeed.


 Shadow Sect had not succeeded in getting Iron Mask true inheritance, they only had some information of it. The core Immortal Gu was called Justice, the Gu Immortal who inherits this true inheritance had to have a heart of justice, they needed to have the determination to uphold justice and punish evildoers.


 Not just that, Fang Yuan still remembered that during the five regions chaotic war in his previous life, the rank seven Gu Immortal Tie Mian Shen had a great performance, he displayed battle strength at the peak of rank seven! But now, he was still a distance from the peak of rank seven.


 Continuing to use wisdom path methods to deduce, Fang Yuan thought of many good ways to counter floating sinking iron sand.


 Fang Yuan chose the most direct method.


 Ancient sword dragon transformation plus myriad self, forming immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Roar roar roar roar...


 At once, myriad dragons appeared, they roared as sword qi burst out rampantly, it was like a sea of silver scales.


 Tie Mian Shen was filled with fighting spirit, but suddenly, silver light flickered in front of him.


 “What?” Shock was expressed on his face, he looked at the myriad sword dragons flew around like a tsunami, charging towards him.


 Floating sinking iron sand!


 During the critical moment, Tie Mian Shen breathed in deeply, he used all his strength and method to make the black qi around him surge and defend against the myriad dragons.


 But in just less than two breaths of time, the iron sand black qi was completely wiped out by the silver dragons!


 Tie Mian Shen coughed out a mouthful of blood, he wanted to escape but where could he go?


 At the next moment, the myriad dragons engulfed him.


 “Lord Tie Mian Shen!!!” Tie Ruo Nan watched this as she screamed shrilly.


 The dragons roared in a colossal scale, they truly filled up the entire sky, the attack was terrifying and made all of the mortals on the ground soaked in cold sweat.


 After a while, a small figure emerged from the dragon group and flew out, it was Tie Mian Shen.


 He was extremely weak unlike before, his iron giant appearance had crumbled, but it was quite an impressive move to be able to defend against myriad dragon.


 “This strength!” Tie Mian Shen had a solemn expression most of the time, but now, there was shock remaining on his face.


 He wanted to stack the floating sinking iron sand killer move against Fang Yuan, but he retaliated with the most direct method, brute force!


 Myriad dragon was created by fusing ancient sword dragon transformation and myriad self, both moves were very exceptional on their own, myriad dragon that fused both moves pushed Fang Yuan’s attack strength all the way to the peak of rank seven!


 If this was in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Tie Mian Shen would have been able to block this move, but now, he was still lacking.


 The difference between experts was usually by a margin. Just that bit of extra strength decided victory and defeat. Now that Tie Mian Shen’s offense was lower than Fang Yuan, while his defense was far inferior, Fang Yuan could completely suppress Tie Mian Shen in battle.


 Tie Mian Shen could only retreat, he had to flee.


 He was very fast, even myriad dragon could not catch up.


 Fang Yuan did not set up an immortal battlefield killer move, he could not trap these people. Even though Fang Yuan could defeat him, he needed prior preparations to kill him.


 “Even though I have an immortal battlefield killer move, it cannot be used immediately, since my rank eight battle strength is in the defensive aspect, it will be hard to kill Tie Mian Shen today.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, he did not have much killing intent.


 Tie Mian Shen was a metal path Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan did not need his dao marks. Furthermore, Tie Mian Shen was an important person in Southern Border to resist Heavenly Court during the five regions chaotic war.


 “As for these two rank six Gu Immortals, hmph.” Fang Yuan did not move, he looked down.


 Shang Qing Qing and Hou Yao were surrounded by the myriad dragons, they had no way to escape, life and death was right before them.


 As rank six Gu Immortals facing this rank seven peak killer move, they were quite impressive to hold out until now, they were elites of super forces after all.


 Boom boom!


 With two loud sounds, Shang Qing Qing and Hou Yao could no longer resist the attack, their bodies were smashed to bits by the myriad dragons. As for their souls, they wanted to self-detonate, but why would Fang Yuan, who had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, let them? He directly imprisoned them, they were sent into Fang Yuan’s hands by the myriad dragons very quickly.


 “Fang Yuan, kill us if you dare!”


 “Evil scoundrel, you are offending the three super forces of Hou clan, Shang clan, and Tie clan, you are courting death. You are arrogant now, but you will soon regret your actions!”


 The two Gu Immortal souls screamed.


 Suppressed!


 Fang Yuan willed as these two souls were unable to emit a sound or move at all, they were completely immobilized.


 Next, they were sent into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 It was easy for Fang Yuan to kill rank six Gu Immortals, afterwards, explosions occurred near him as the eagle cried out, the huge upper extreme heavenly eagle took the myriad dragon killer move head on as it charged at Fang Yuan.


 It was an immemorial desolate beast with thick defenses, even though myriad dragon attacked and slashed its body, it ignored the attacks bravely.


 Fang Yuan saw the bloodlust in its eyes, it had lost its cognition ability, Fang Yuan knew that this eagle was under external influence, otherwise, it would not dare to attack him like this.


 After all, not only did Fang Yuan enslave it, he had also hatched it.


 But in terms of defense, even the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle lost to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he allowed the eagle to approach him, he only flew at a low altitude in spite of its pursuit.


 Boom!


 The eagle wings slammed on Fang Yuan’s back, but under the effect of reverse flow protection seal, he was unharmed, this force made him even faster as he flew at Ye Fan and the rest.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle shrieked as its right wing broke, it fell from the sky, but the endless swarm of dragons forced it back into the air as they attacked it endlessly.


 Fang Yuan had noticed it immediately when he arrived, he saw the upper extreme heavenly eagle on Ye Fan’s shoulder.


 He was naturally concerned about this anomaly.


 Since Ye Fan seemed to be able to control upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan decided to capture him first, he attacked Ye Fan.


 Comparing the immemorial desolate beast and a rank five Gu Master mortal, the latter was much easier to deal with!


 Before he arrived, Fang Yuan’s methods were already in effect.


 Ye Fan, Tie Ruo Nan, and the rest watched as Fang Yuan approached, their bodies were stiff, they could not move.


 “Oh no!” Ye Fan cried out in dismay, he wanted to explain himself, but he could no longer talk now.


 In Fang Yuan’s opinion, any explanation could not match his own soul search.


 “Am I going to die? I regret that I cannot continue to uphold justice!!” Tie Ruo Nan gritted her teeth, feeling rage and hatred.


 “Brother Hei Tu...” Shang Xin Ci was the only person with a calm expression, her beautiful eyes flickered with deep emotions: “You saved me back then, you were the reason why I could gain influence in Shang clan and walk this far. Therefore, even if I die at your hands, I am... satisfied.”


 But when Fang Yuan was about to succeed, a mysterious ripple appeared.


 Instantly, between Fang Yuan and the mortal Gu Masters, the scene became a blur, like they were separated by an unclean mirror.


 “Immortal battlefield killer move!” This change occurred too quickly, but Fang Yuan reacted rapidly too, when he was about to make a move, the world turned orange-yellow.


 He was inside a mystical immortal battlefield killer move.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal showed himself, standing in front of Fang Yuan and protecting the mortal Gu Masters behind him.


 “Master!” Seeing this person, Ye Fan screamed from excitement.


 “Who are you?” Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted as he emanated a cold aura.


 “I am Lu Wei Yin. Oh Fang Yuan, living beings already live in difficulty, why must we kill each other? Why don’t you stop here?” The mysterious person smiled as he said.



***
Chapter 1538 - Fetus Earth Maze


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Master...” Ye Fan muttered, looking at Lu Wei Yin who was right in front of him, he had an expression of admiration.


 After a long time, Ye Fan saw his master again, he looked the same as before. He wore a grey hemp garment, it was very simple and plain, but his muscular body could not be concealed. He wore a conical hat that was large and wide, it covered his face under the shadow, concealing his appearance. His chin was wide and thick, it gave people the feeling of steadiness and unwavering determination.


 “A rank eight Gu Immortal?!” The two Yi clan Gu Immortals were forced to appear, they were hiding in the lake earlier, the moment this immortal battlefield was created, they were forced out.


 “Who is he? He has Southern Border aura, but he is definitely not a member of the righteous path!” Tie Mian Shen had a grim expression.


 “Oh? Life is hard so you want me to stop?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly at Lu Wei Yin, countless thoughts appeared in his mind, he was thinking at rapid speed.


 “This guy is a hypocrite! He had created the immortal battlefield killer move long ago, he could have saved Shang clan and Hou clan’s Gu Immortals, but he chose to appear right after. Coming out and telling me that life is difficult and that I should stop, this is fake kindness!”


 “However, he is a rank eight Gu Immortal after all, my three breaths future vision had already been active but it did not warn me. This move is too low ranked, the core time path Immortal Gu After is only rank seven.”


 “And this immortal battlefield killer move that he set is very profound, my investigative methods could not find it.”


 Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 He had an array of methods, against most rank seven and rank six Gu Immortals in the world, he could suppress them, but against a rank eight Gu Immortal, he was still inferior.


 The enemy was a rank eight Gu Immortal and he was inside an immortal battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan was in a passive situation.


 But he was not worried.


 Reverse flow protection seal was his greatest defense, he had modified it extensively during this period, even if Heavenly Court had a counter to it, they could only influence the initial version, it could not work on the current Fang Yuan.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, using his strongest offensive method again.


 Roar—!


 Countless silver sword dragons flew out and filled the entire immortal battlefield killer move.


 The dragons roared, they had a ruthless expression as they attacked Lu Wei Yin.


 Lu Wei Yin smiled lightly, he was completely unconcerned.


 “Friend, don’t be so angry, killing cannot solve all problems.” Saying so, aura burst out of his body as he used an immortal killer move.


 This killer move made an effect immediately.


 It started to rain.


 But this ‘rain’ was not made of water, it was made of sand.


 Sand rained down like a torrent, appearing out of nowhere.


 The immortal battlefield resonated, causing the sand to be even heavier, as the entire battlefield was covered by a veil of sand.


 Immortal killer move — Descending Sand!


 The sword dragons were covered by the sand, their thunderous roars became very soft, their long and sharp bodies shrunk as their sinister claws became soft and fluid.


 In a few breaths of time, the army of ferocious sword dragons was completely weakened, turning into tiny white earthworms that were the size of a human arm.


 “This killer move!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he realized something.


 “It seems he has already found out my identity.” Lu Wei Yin sighed as he watched: “This person is truly an otherworldly demon, a cause of calamities and tribulations, not only does he have great battle strength, he has also grown sufficiently now. The more worrying thing is that he has a vicious and scheming mind, he acts with precise ruthlessness, this is truly a misfortune for ordinary people and life.”


 Thinking so, Lu Wei Yin called out: “Gu Immortal and Gu Master friends, the saying goes, heaven helps those who help themselves. Everyone is in danger now, you have to unite and work together to resist this demon, that is the only way to survive. In this battlefield killer move, if you do not have the determination to resist the demon, I will not be able to protect you. I will need your help in this following killer move.”


 “Master, what do you want us to do? Go ahead and instruct us!” Ye Fan shouted loudly in an energetic mood.


 Lu Wei Yin turned around and smiled as he nodded: “I only need all of you to have determination to fight against this demon.”


 “I understand.” Ye Fan nodded, he looked at Fang Yuan angrily as battle will emerged from his body, rising up like smoke.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle also landed, its eyes stared at Fang Yuan with hatred, even though Fang Yuan hatched it, he had deprived it of freedom, even blood related parents who did that would be hated!


 “In that case, we might as well cooperate.” Tie Mian Shen calmed his mind, even though Lu Wei Yin was mysterious, in this situation, Fang Yuan was the enemy. The enemy of an enemy was a friend, Tie Mian Shen responded to Lu Wei Yin’s call.


 On the other hand, Yi clan’s two Gu Immortals discussed and also summoned their intent to fight against Fang Yuan.


 As for the mortal Gu Masters, asking them to fight a Gu Immortal greatly challenged their courage, but because Lu Wei Yin was taking the lead, and Fang Yuan was simply too vicious, having the intent to kill them, they all summoned their fighting spirits.


 Only Shang Xin Ci shook her head, she had a sorrowful gaze, Fang Yuan was her benefactor, how could she fight him?


 “Clan leader, now is not the time for mercy. That Fang Yuan is an ambitious demon who acts viciously, he will not reciprocate your kindness.” Even Wei De Xin who was beside Shang Xin Ci urged.


 “Enough, I will not be enemies with brother Hei Tu, even if he kills me.” Shang Xin Ci shook her head with firm determination.


 The people around her sighed.


 The other Gu Masters were unhappy with Shang Xin Ci’s attitude, but because of her status and the situation now, they did not dare to speak up.


 Lu Wei Yin saw that everyone had summoned their wills, he smiled brightly.


 “Good.” He said, turning to face Fang Yuan: “I would like you to evaluate my move, mud piled into a wall.”


 Immortal killer move — Mud Piled Into a Wall!


 Battle will surged from everyone, absorbed into this small world rapidly.


 The immortal battlefield resonated again.


 Fang Yuan had an alert expression, he did not attack randomly, he chose to watch the situation closely.


 At the next moment, walls appeared out of nowhere, erected by his side.


 Fang Yuan smiled and attacked, using all sorts of methods to smash these walls.


 But the walls formed at an incredible speed, while Fang Yuan’s methods were affected by descending sand and became very weak.


 The yellow walls did not have offensive power, but they formed and gathered, some were in front of Fang Yuan while others surrounded him in all directions, above, below, and on all sides around him.


 Immortal killer move — Six Directional Maze!


 Lu Wei Yin grunted as a third killer move was used.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was stirred!


 At this moment, Lu Wei Yin had finally bared his fangs.


 The three killer moves, descending sand, mud piled into a wall, and six directional maze, rapidly activated and fused together, forming a huge maze that completely enveloped Fang Yuan.


 This maze extended in all directions, it was like the core of a hollow mountain. All sorts of interweaving paths and walls were complex and confusing, people would feel dizzy just looking at them.


 Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon killer move was created from the fusion of myriad self and ancient sword dragon transformation.


 But Lu Wei Yin’s fetus earth maze was the combination of three rank eight killer moves, it had an incredible power!


 Fang Yuan felt his sense of direction dwindling here, he could not tell where was up, down, left, or right.


 He tried to move alongside the walls, but he completely forgot the path he came from.


 He tried to attack the yellow walls, but any attack that landed on the walls became extremely weak, because these walls had the effect of descending sand.


 “It seems that I cannot brute force my way out of here, I need to expose this immortal battlefield’s weakness and strike at it!” Realization appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 He sat down on the spot and closed his eyes, using all sorts of wisdom path methods.



***
Chapter 1539 - Reforming Fang Yuan


***





 



 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was temporarily trapped in the fetus earth maze killer move, the situation stabilized immediately.


 Bright light flashed in Tie Mian Shen’s eyes, he flew down and greeted Lu Wei Yin, asking “Senior, how will we kill this demon Fang Yuan?”


 Lu Wei Yin smiled, saying softly: “All life deserves to live, even though this Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, he is still a living being, how can we say things like taking his life?”


 Tie Mian Shen was stunned, Yi clan’s two Gu Immortals also flew over, Yi Nan Men said anxiously: “Senior, how can we let him off, this demon has committed great sins, he disrupts the order of the world, now is the best time to kill him, how can we be wrongly merciful?”


 Yi Yu also urged: “Senior, if we do not kill him today, he will harm the world and kill other living beings in the future, wouldn’t that be worse? His death is the fortune of this world.”


 But Lu Wei Yin shook his head: “Everyone’s words make sense, but you are also biased. There is no absolute evil person in this world, nobody is born as a murderer. Otherwise, why would we need to learn methods to fight and kill? Humans have kindness and evil in their hearts, there is no pure evil or pure kindness. Even though this Fang Yuan is a demonic path Gu Immortal with blood on his hands, having committed great evil, he was not born as an evil person.”


 “A hated person has reasons to be pitied, everything in this world has causes and effects. What created the Fang Yuan of today is the karma of yesterday. Since Fang Yuan could grow into this evil person now, why can’t he turn into a kind person in the future?”


 “He is strong and has countless methods, if he is in the righteous path, he would bring blessings to this world, he would save countless people, isn’t that more helpful to the world?”


 Lu Wei Yin’s words stunned Tie Mian Shen, Yi Nan Men, and Yi Yu!


 This mysterious rank eight Gu Immortal wanted to reform Fang Yuan!


 “Since senior has his objective, junior will wait for senior’s success.” Tie Mian Shen sighed.


 Yi clan’s two Gu Immortals looked at each other, they saw the helplessness in each others’ eyes.


 The three of them were not Fang Yuan’s match, they needed to depend on this mysterious rank eight Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Lu Wei Yin had incredibly profound methods, even though he appeared abruptly and set up the immortal battlefield killer move in advance, showing his motive, all the signs pointed to the fact that he could eliminate Fang Yuan.


 But to think that after a conversation, Lu Wei Yin still held the absurd objective of reforming Fang Yuan, to turn this huge demon into a kind immortal that would save the world.


 “I am afraid this rank eight Gu Immortal has some method to change Fang Yuan’s personality?” Yi Yu guessed.


 Yi Nan Men spoke directly “Thank you senior for saving us, I would like senior to open this battlefield and let us return to our clan.”


 Yi clan’s Gu Immortals came here to deal with Tie clan, Shang clan, and Hou clan, but the situation developed too quickly, Fang Yuan’s appearance completely took matters out of their control.


 The two Yi clan Gu Immortals were quite unlucky, they met both Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin, their objectives failed before they even started doing anything.


 In this situation, they did not want to stay, it was normal to want to leave.


 Tie Mian Shen looked at the two Yi clan Gu Immortals, his gaze flickered but he did not speak.


 Lu Wei Yin shook his head: “Friends, don’t be anxious, I will not harm you, but now is not the time to open the battlefield. If everyone leaves, I’m afraid there may be reports to the clans and invitations for reinforcements to deal with Fang Yuan. This goes against my objective, you should all wait here for now.”


 “This...” The three Gu Immortals looked at each other, they had no choice but to accept it.


 Inside this immortal battlefield, they could not communicate with the outside world, since they were weaker than both Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin, they could only obey his arrangements helplessly.


 “Master, can that Fang Yuan really be converted to the righteous path?” Ye Fan asked in confusion.


 Lu Wei Yin turned around and patted Ye Fan’s head: “Anything can be possible in this world, right? I am willing to give him a chance to repent and turn over a new leaf. If he does, I am sure that this will be a huge blessing to the world, it would become a wonderful story for future historical records.”


 “Can it... really succeed?” Shang Xin Ci asked hesitantly, anticipation shone deep within her eyes.


 She was a righteous path Gu Master this entire life, she did not want the person she loved, Fang Yuan, to walk on this demonic path of no return.


 Right now, from Shang Xin Ci’s perspective, Fang Yuan was already trapped, this showed that Lu Wei Yin was very powerful and that Fang Yuan was in danger. At this time, if Fang Yuan could turn over a new leaf, not only would it be a huge blessing, he would also preserve his own life.


 “Of course it can. People can change, they can turn bad, but they can also become good. Oh Shang Xin Ci, do you think Fang Yuan is a bad person inherently?” Lu Wei Yin smiled and asked.


 Shang Xin Ci shook her head, she had a firm attitude: “I will not lie to senior, I believe that Fang Yuan is not born evil, I can feel his cold attitude, but under that, I can sense endless sadness.”


 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “Your understanding is quite hard to come by. I know that he has helped you before, do you know that now, he needs your help more?”


 Shang Xin Ci was dazed before asking: “Senior, how can I help him?”


 Lu Wei Yin smiled: “Very simple, I have already said that you need to encourage and urge him to renounce his evil ways and become righteous. My killer move is called fetus earth maze, it can allow a person to live three lifetimes, experiencing the mortal life fully and comprehending life and death, understanding the vicissitudes of human ways and forgetting the evil in his heart, turning over a new leaf.”


 “All of us have an inherent nature, but our life experiences are very important too. Oh Shang Xin Ci, if your invest your will into fetus earth maze, Fang Yuan would definitely feel it, let him experience the beauty of life, and summon the kindness and brightness in his heart.”


 “I understand, thank you senior for the guidance!” Shang Xin Ci had a look of realization, her gaze became firm. A lump of will emerged from her body, entering fetus earth maze like everyone else.


 Seeing this, Lu Wei Yin’s mind eased, he thought: “With Shang Xin Ci’s luck on our side, we will not be fully suppressed by Fang Yuan’s luck. Next, it will depend on the other party.”


 In immemorial white heaven, Chen Yi moved like lightning, flying rapidly among the clouds.


 He was still injured, these were caused by Fang clan’s first supreme elder and immemorial soul beast Qing Chou, his injuries were covered by strength path and soul path dao marks, they were very deep.


 Chen Yi had impressive healing methods, but these injuries could not heal so quickly.


 Compared to his injuries, his heart was heavier.


 “I actually failed!”


 “Not only did I fail to get Divine Bean Palace, I lost in battle and could not kill Qing Chou. Sigh! I was too greedy, they took advantage of it, it was my fault, it was all my fault!”


 Chen Yi was very regretful.


 He could not answer to Fairy Zi Wei, and also as the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he could not regain his sect ancestor’s possession, he was very ashamed.


 “After returning, I will quit my role as Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder and cultivate in seclusion! I will reclaim Divine Bean Palace after my cultivation breaks through!”


 Chen Yi made up his mind, he needed to make up for this mistake, otherwise, he would not rest at ease.


 He flew for many days, Central Continent was already in sight, but now, three rank seven Gu Immortals approached him.


 “Lord Chen Yi, hold on, we have been waiting for you.” The three rank seven Gu Immortals said.


 Chen Yi took a gaze, they were familiar people, they were supreme elders from the other ten great ancient sects of Central Continent.


 “Why are you...” Chen Yi could not understand.


 One of the three rank sevens handed Chen Yi an information path mortal Gu.


 Chen Yi looked into it, it was a letter from Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei requested for Chen Yi to make up for his failure, he needed to head to the immemorial white heaven of Northern Plains for his mission.


 “Lady Fairy Zi Wei, as expected of a wisdom path great expert!” Chen Yi looked at the letter with a bright gaze, he nodded as he sighed deeply.


 “Lord Chen Yi, please give us instructions.” The three rank seven Gu Immortals asked. Their task was to hand Chen Yi this information path mortal Gu containing their mission, they did not know what they had to do next.


 Chen Yi looked at the three of them: “Heavenly Court has already acted against Fang Yuan, follow me!”


 TL Note: The more toxic you find this, the better you’ll feel later.



***
Chapter 1540 - Attacking Lang Ya


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 On a plain and ordinary wetland, profound light suddenly emerged endlessly, the light was bright like jade, turning the surroundings green in color. Within the green light, countless butterflies were dancing around.


 The light lasted for three breaths of time before fading into sparkles of jade light that dissipated rapidly.


 But different from before, seven figures appeared on the ground that was empty earlier.


 They emanated Central Continent Gu Immortal aura, the leader wore a red and white robe, he was the famous genius rarely found in thousands of years — Feng Jiu Ge!


 These people were directly transported from Central Continent, even Feng Jiu Ge was a little dazed. At this moment, they were looking around and assessing the area.


 Beside Feng Jiu Ge, a rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal deduced as he said excitedly: “This is Lang Ya blessed land!”


 Hearing his words, the surrounding Central Continent Gu Immortals felt deeply excited.


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded in satisfaction, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out a will.


 This will was very damaged, it was about to be destroyed after existing for a very long period of time.


 Feng Jiu Ge cupped his fist as this will: “We were able to arrive here after crossing two regions thanks to senior’s immortal killer move.”


 This will formed into a human shape with difficulty, it had the appearance of a scholarly teacher, he looked around: “You are all pillars that support Heavenly Court, my main body left this will behind to deal with situations like this. I hope you can all work together and complete your mission, do not let down Heavenly Court!”


 “We will do our best.” The other six rank seven Gu Immortals said in unison.


 This will heard the answer and laughed: “Great, our Heavenly Court will continue to advance with all of your help, we will exist for all eternity!”


 As it laughed, the will dissipated in the wind, completely vanishing.


 Gu Immortal Fang Yun Hua, who was behind Feng Jiu Ge, wore a white jade crown and had a young appearance, he knew some information as he sighed upon seeing this: “Senior Liang Liang’s final remaining will has been destroyed.”


 Liang Liang was famous in history.


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal from Heavenly Court, a space path expert. He had once obtained Fixed Immortal Travel and elevated it to rank seven.


 Later, when legendary immemorial desolate beast Huo Kong wreaked havoc, he participated in battle and died, the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed as a result.


 Afterwards, Fixed Immortal Travel appeared in history several times, refined by people of different regions, but it was always rank six, the rank seven version had never appeared again.


 Even during Fang Yuan’s refinement in Three Kings blessed land, he could not break out of this limitation.


 But afterwards, Granny Sha from Heavenly Court refined rank six Fixed Immortal Travel, and with Fairy Zi Wei leading Heavenly Court, she had tried to raise the rank of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Heavenly Court had the greatest immortal material inventory in the world, they had started collecting materials since the era of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, three million years ago in the Remote Antiquity Era!


 Fixed Immortal Travel was hard to raise to rank seven because of one crucial immortal material. But this problem was not that big for Heavenly Court.


 Months ago, Fairy Zi Wei had used the method Gu Immortal Liang Liang left behind and awakened his final will.


 With the help of this will, not only did Heavenly Court raise Fixed Immortal Travel to rank seven, they even collected a lot of Gu worms and created an immortal killer move, seven immortal doors.


 This was the immortal killer move that transported Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yun Hua, and the rest of the Central Continent Gu Immortals into Northern Plains’ Lang Ya blessed land directly.


 However, the moment they reached, Liang Liang’s remnant will that had helped Feng Jiu Ge use the move dissipated after reaching its limit.


 The final trace of this legend had finally vanished.


 But Heavenly Court’s plan succeeded in return.


 “Lang Ya blessed land...” Feng Jiu Ge muttered, he floated up as he used an immortal killer move to investigate the surroundings.


 Only to see that the terrain was completely flat and empty for all the surroundings, it was a swamp everywhere, only some traces of vegetation grew here in clear view.


 But Feng Jiu Ge saw more than that, he looked closely and found the traces of hairy men living in this huge area.


 Feng Jiu Ge praised Fairy Zi Wei internally: “Amazing!”


 Ever since Fang Yuan lost Fixed Immortal Travel, he had been guarding against this Gu. Even the current Dang Hun Mountain had completely been remodeled, it was to prevent anyone from using Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport into it.


 But Fairy Zi Wei used some crucial clues to deduce the appearance of Lang Ya blessed land, using that, they used immortal killer move seven immortal doors to allow Feng Jiu Ge and the rest to arrive in here!


 After the battle of Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan had grown sufficiently to resist rank eight. Afterwards, he went into seclusion and developed on his own, growing rapidly and forcing Heavenly Court, which was pursuing him, to fail in capturing him.


 Fang Yuan was a complete otherworldly demon, he was someone who could destroy fate Gu, a huge threat to Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei had always been mindful of him, she wanted to find any means possible to eradicate Fang Yuan!


 But after failing to locate Fang Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei’s focus turned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land was the number one blessed land in the world, it had provided too much help to Fang Yuan.


 Initially, when Lang Ya land spirit was still the white haired land spirit, he had helped Fang Yuan refine second aperture Gu, and even gave gruel mud Immortal Gu to him. It played a crucial role during the events of Imperial Court blessed land!


 After the battle of Imperial Court blessed land, Fang Yuan turned into an immortal zombie and was very poor, his finances were in terrible straits. But with the help of Lang Ya blessed land, he deduced Immortal Gu recipes for income and rapidly got past the awkward stage of lacking initial funds.


 Next, to protect Hu Immortal blessed land and resist the invasion of Immortal Crane Sect, Lang Ya land spirit lent Fang Yuan beast enslavement Immortal Gu as well as eight desolate beasts.


 There was also unfamiliar face, it helped Fang Yuan a lot, this was also given by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Next, when Shadow Sect attacked Lang Ya blessed land, they snatched many crucial core Immortal Gu of Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, the white haired land spirit turned into the black haired land spirit, dog shit luck Immortal Gu was also destroyed in this battle.


 The black haired land spirit created Lang Ya Sect, changing the original plan of the white haired land spirit, he gave Fang Yuan a lot of help.


 Firstly, during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Fang Yuan had just obtained the sovereign immortal body, he was in a dangerous and awkward spot, Lang Ya Sect used treasure yellow heaven to send him many crucial Gu worms and get through that difficult moment.


 When Fang Yuan went back to Northern Plains from Southern Border, Lang Ya Sect went to bring him back, losing two hairy man Gu Immortals in the process.


 Lang Ya land spirit had even relocated Fang Yuan’s Dang Hun Mountain, wisdom Gu and other items before Hu Immortal blessed land was attacked, preserving most of Fang Yuan’s assets. Especially wisdom Gu, Lang Ya blessed land had been bearing the burden of feeding it, expending a lot of lifespan Gu.


 Next, Lang Ya land spirit asked Fang Yuan to be their external supreme elder, transacting with him and refining dog shit luck Immortal Gu for him, as well as the self luck true inheritance.


 After getting Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, Lang Ya land spirit exchanged most of the true inheritances’ information with Fang Yuan.


 And throughout the period of interacting with both land spirits, Lang Ya blessed land had refined a large number of Gu for Fang Yuan, countless mortal Gu and many crucial Immortal Gu.


 All of this help came at timely intervals, giving Fang Yuan a huge amount of assistance.


 One could say that Lang Ya blessed land had played a critical role in the outcome of Fang Yuan being able to reach this stage today!


 And now, even Lang Ya land spirit did not want to offend Fang Yuan with rank eight battle strength, he wanted to improve their relationship.


 After the marriage with the snowmen, Lang Ya land spirit became even more assured of Fang Yuan’s stance and attitude towards the variant humans. In other words, Lang Ya blessed land was already Fang Yuan’s base now!


 However, this was also why Heavenly Court’s attention was brought to Lang Ya blessed land.


 But for a long time, Heavenly Court was unsure of which force was helping Fang Yuan.


 Until recently, when Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions made a breakthrough.


 Thus, Lang Ya blessed land became their first target to attack!


 “Such guts, you dare to invade my world!” Lang Ya land spirit suddenly shouted from within the wetlands, a silver giant appeared out of nowhere, it had overwhelming fighting spirit and disposition.


 It was the number two ancient battle formation in the world — Heavenly Giant Solor!


 Lang Ya blessed land was controlled by Lang Ya land spirit, he knew everything that happened inside it to great detail.


 Feng Jiu Ge and the rest suddenly barged into Lang Ya blessed land, the land spirit found out almost immediately. But because they were very strong, Lang Ya land spirit gathered the hairy man Gu Immortals and assembled Heavenly Giant Solor first before going to face them.


 A great battle was about to start!



***
Chapter 1541 - Fang Yuan’s Love


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Invaders of Lang Ya blessed land, die!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted as he attacked using Heavenly Giant Solor along with the band of hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Retreat!


 Seeing the approaching silver giant, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals rapidly retreated in all directions.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge was retreating.


 But he was moving slowly, it was not that he was slower than the rest, but he was purposely lagging behind.


 Undeniably, Feng Jiu Ge had the greatest battle strength among the Central Continent Gu Immortals, he was the leader of this expedition, victory greatly depended on him, he needed to control the situation at all times.


 “This is Feng Jiu Ge of Central Continent’s Spirit Affinity House!” Lang Ya land spirit controlled Heavenly Giant Solor, seeing Feng Jiu Ge, his pupils shrank, he had a grim expression.


 The enemies had ill intent, Lang Ya land spirit felt great pressure.


 Because Feng Jiu Ge appeared, it meant that Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, and thus Heavenly Court, were the enemies of Lang Ya blessed land!


 Heavenly Court was the number one force in human history, it was also the number one grotto-heaven in the world!


 How could Lang Ya land spirit not feel pressure facing such an opponent?


 “Little Five!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted.


 Gu Immortal Fifth Hair nodded: “Watch this!”


 Saying so, he used an immortal killer move.


 The killer move took effect immediately, appearing on Heavenly Giant Solor, the silver giant opened its mouth as a beam of light burst out.


 The beam was very threatening, appearing before Feng Jiu Ge in an instant.


 “Such speed!” Feng Jiu Ge was slightly stunned, the white light was right in front of his face but he suddenly smiled.


 Swoosh.


 He vanished in an instant, the light went through his former location and shot far away, creating huge ripples of distortion in the air.


 Feng Jiu Ge appeared again, he advanced instead, arriving in front of the silver giant.


 “He is above us.” Within the silver giant, the investigative hairy man Gu Immortal called out.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were flustered.


 “Tit-for-tat, take my move as well.” Feng Jiu Ge laughed heartily, waving his sleeves as a grand aura burst out of his body.


 Immortal killer move — Triple Extreme Sound!


 Feng Jiu Ge punched with one hand, creating a drumming sound. He struck with his other palm and created the chiming of bells. He pointed with his finger and created a sharp whistle.


 These were the signature methods of the Three Sounds true inheritance, drum fist, bell palm, and whistle finger.


 Earlier, Feng Jiu Ge could only use the first two moves to supplement his methods. But after Fang Yuan escaped his pursuit, Feng Jiu Ge returned to Central Continent and thought about his own insufficiencies, he cultivated hard and learned the third move.


 Thereafter, he learned all three methods, forming the triple extreme sound killer move.


 Fist, palm, finger, fist palm, finger, using this fluid sequence, Feng Jiu Ge attacked and expended little immortal essence with each attack, the power even increased slightly with each use.


 Even though the amplification was not high, Feng Jiu Ge attacked rapidly, alternating between fist, palm, and finger, he attacked for a hundred times in a short time! This way, as the number of attacks increased, triple extreme sound became even stronger!


 The sound waves landed on the silver giant as it stumbled backwards, the hairy man Gu Immortals felt dizzy.


 The silver giant waved its arms and scattered the clouds and winds, wanting to slam down on Feng Jiu Ge.


 But Feng Jiu Ge’s methods were too tough, he moved agilely in the air, even though the giant’s arms were huge and moved fast, they could not hit Feng Jiu Ge.


 “It seems that we need immortal methods against this person!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted with a serious expression: “Third Hair! Fourth Hair!”


 The two hairy man Gu Immortals responded rapidly and used their immortal killer moves.


 Third Hair used a killer move that created a dark green layer of wooden armor on the silver giant’s body.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s triple extreme sound landed on the wooden armor and the sound waves were completely absorbed.


 Fourth Hair’s killer move created a golden qi spiral above the silver giant’s head, these qi currents shot towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s situation became dangerous all of a sudden.


 His attacks were no longer effective, no matter how he flew, the golden spiraling qi currents gathered around his body, he could not shrug them off.


 Not far away, Central Continent’s Gu Immortal Fang Yun Hua saw this and thought: “According to the information, defeating this silver giant will decide our victory. Since Feng Jiu Ge is in trouble, I can help him.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yun Hua was about to use a killer move when he heard his companion’s warning: “Brother Fang, dodge!”


 “What?!” At the next moment, Fang Yun Hua saw that the silver giant opened its mouth, shooting out a huge beam of light.


 This beam of light was aimed at Fang Yun Hua, he quickly used his defensive methods.


 But Heavenly Giant Solor had rank eight battle strength, even though Fang Yun Hua was a rank seven expert, he was not like Feng Jiu Ge or Fang Yuan, his defensive methods only lasted for three breaths of time.


 But that was enough for Fang Yun Hua to turn into a white cloudy light and scatter, before gathering and forming high up in the sky.


 Blood dripped out of Fang Yun Hua’s mouth, he had a pale face and shock was in his eyes.


 “I was distracted earlier and wanted to use a killer move, exposing a flaw, they were able to sense it immediately, what investigative method is that?”


 Lang Ya blessed land had deep foundations, but it mainly focused on refinement path, the previous Lang Ya land spirit had no interest in anything but Gu refinement.


 Thus, this investigative method came from Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan exchanged true inheritances with Lang Ya land spirit back then, one on hand, he wanted the inheritances, and on the other hand, he wanted to increase Lang Ya Sect’s battle strength!


 Lang Ya Sect had many Immortal Gu, they only lacked useful killer moves.


 And now, Fang Yuan’s action finally saw some results.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart also sank.


 This investigative killer move could sense the weakness exposed by enemies, it was very useful in landing crucial attacks.


 With such a killer move, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were greatly disrupted when attacking the silver giant together.


 Because these people were from different sects, they rarely worked together, once they attacked the silver giant, their cooperation would have flaws. And these flaws would immediately be targeted by the silver giant.


 “The more people here, the more problems there are. I will stall Heavenly Giant Solor myself then.” Feng Jiu Ge fought as he thought.


 He quickly changed his battle tactic, instructing the other Gu Immortals: “Split up and set up the immortal Gu formation so that our reinforcements can come.”


 “Such guts!” Lang Ya land spirit heard such words and shouted in anger.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly.


 He purposely said that, it was an open scheme that left Lang Ya land spirit no option but to face it.


 Even though the silver giant had rank eight battle strength, it was only one entity while Central Continent had seven Gu Immortals, the silver giant could not deal with all of them, but if it sent out hairy man Gu Immortals to deal with them, they would fall into Feng Jiu Ge’s scheme.


 The battle strength of these hairy man Gu Immortals had risen sharply, but they were not a match for these Central Continent Gu Immortal experts in one-on-one battles.


 Thus, Lang Ya land spirit was in a difficult spot, he could neither split up his forces nor stay together!


 While Lang Ya blessed land was in an intense battle, far away in Southern Border, in the fetus earth maze, there was serenity.


 “Where am I?” Fang Yuan opened his eyes, realizing he was on a bed.


 He wanted to get up but found that he was heavily injured.


 He had a dazed expression as he muttered: “Who am I? I seem to have... forgotten some important matters.”


 “Oh son, you are finally awake!” At this moment, an old lady heard the commotion and entered the house, tearing up after seeing Fang Yuan, who had woken up.


 “You are?” Fang Yuan questioned.


 The old lady was stunned for a second before crying loudly: “Son, did you hit your head and become stupid? I am your mother, you are Shen San, a few days ago, young master Shu sent a Gu Master of his family to beat you up because he did not want you and Xiu Niang to be together. Oh son, listen to mother’s advice, even though you and Xiu Niang are close, we are a small family, even though there were Gu Masters in our ancestry, we have already fallen from grace. You cannot beat young master Shu in fighting over Xiu Niang, give up, you should give up!”


 “Xiu Niang...” Fang Yuan muttered: “Is this true, I have forgotten all these?”


 Some days later, he gradually understood his identity.


 He and Xiu Niang were betrothed from birth, but his father died when he was young, losing their only Gu Master in the family, thus they fell from grace. Originally, they matched Xiu Niang’s family, but now they were inferior. Xiu Niang’s family preferred that young master Shu instead. He had a huge clan and was influential and rich, there were dozens of Gu Masters in Shu clan, if the external Gu Masters were included, they numbered over a hundred!


 Later, Xiu Niang came to see Fang Yuan.


 “Darling San, how are your injuries? I’ve been thinking of you day and night, but my parents stopped me from coming, I could only come here today because I lied that I was cultivating with a Gu Master. Oh my darling San, my poor darling San...” Xiu Niang saw that Fang Yuan was lying down in bed weakly, she started sobbing, love was deeply etched in her eyes.


 Fang Yuan looked at Xiu Niang, he felt like this was the first time he was seeing her, he assessed her closely. Xiu Niang was young and beautiful, her skin was pure and white, her green hair was long like a waterfall, she wore a white dress and had a slim figure, she was pure and innocent. With tears in her eyes, she was very alluring, she was truly a peerless beauty.


 “No wonder that young master Shu likes Xiu Niang.” Fang Yuan sighed, he did not speak.


 Xiu Niang was upset, but the old lady sighed and told her the reason.


 Xiu Niang cried out in agony, she quickly held onto Fang Yuan’s hands and talked about the past, attempting to get him to remember who she was.


 She talked of scenes of the past, they were ordinary and insignificant, but these were reflections of their love.


 Fang Yuan’s love was slowly awakened, he looked at Xiu Niang’s eyes as he extended his hand, caressing her tender face, he said softly: “Xiu Niang...”


 “Yes.” Xiu Niang quickly answered as she grabbed his hand, placing it closely on her face.


 She looked at Fang Yuan’s eyes with deep emotion, saying: “My darling San, oh my dear Shen San.”


 Outside fetus earth maze, in the immortal battlefield, Lu Wei Yin smiled as he spoke to himself: “I was right after all, how can anyone be so emotionless? This Fang Yuan is not an emotionless person, he still has love and affection in him.”


 Lu Wei Yin looked around, since some time ago, be it the Gu Immortals like Tie Mian Shen, or the mortals like Shang Xin Ci, they were all floating in the air with their eyes shut.


 Among them, Shang Xin Ci’s eyes were shut but her pupils were moving around, her face was rosy, as if she was in a beautiful dream that she could not wake up from.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply: “The mortal world reflects normal life. To reform this demon, you will all have to forget yourselves in this fetus earth maze and live as another person to experience life again. This is an opportunity, as long as you have sufficient comprehension, you will definitely gain something useful.”



***
Chapter 1542 - Merely Amounted To This


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Within Lang Ya blessed land, intense battle was occurring.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals received orders and scattered, setting up the immortal formation. As long as it was created, they would be able to bring Central Continent Gu Immortals into Lang Ya blessed land and reinforce Feng Jiu Ge and the rest.


 For Lang Ya land spirit, this was horrible news! They had to be stopped.


 “This Feng Jiu Ge is truly devious! Our hairy man Gu Immortals have to work together to assemble ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor and have rank eight battle strength. He wants me to divert my forces, how can I do that?” Lang Ya land spirit snickered in his mind.


 If this was the previous land spirit, he would panic and experience complete chaos now.


 But this black haired land spirit was adept at fighting, he saw through Feng Jiu Ge’s schemes.


 “I cannot split up my forces! In that case, I will kill some Central Continent Gu Immortals first, we will compete in speed. Let’s see who’s faster, your immortal formation setup or my slaughtering of you Gu Immortals!”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes shined with determination.


 Roar!


 The silver giant suddenly shouted as sound waves spread out in all directions, pushing Feng Jiu Ge away.


 Next, the silver giant raised its right foot, taking a step forward.


 It moved very slowly, as if there was a mountain below its foot.


 “Oh no!” Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed, because he sensed the strong aura of space path from this silver giant.


 It was using a space path killer move!


 Feng Jiu Ge wanted to stop it as he activated triple extreme sound, but the silver giant was unobliging and took these attacks head-on, in order to complete the space path killer move.


 The silver giant finally stepped forward.


 When the right foot landed on the ground, space below it shrunk by countless times, it moved over a hundred li instantly!


 A Central Continent Gu Immortal was flying on a cloud, suddenly, the air around him was pushed away as he was completely shrouded by a huge shadow.


 He turned to look, his pupils shrunk to pin size as the silver giant stood before him, its arms were grabbing towards him from his left and right.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortal became alert, he gritted his teeth and tried to use a method to escape.


 But a profound light emerged from each of the silver giant’s hands, the two profound lights landed on the Central Continent Gu Immortal as his killer move activation was broken!


 “Quickly save me!” The Central Continent Gu Immortal was locked on by the two lights and could not move, he screamed and sought help from his companions.


 At the next moment, he was completely surrounded by the two hands.


 The silver giant grabbed as the two hands formed into a silver cage.


 An immeasurable pressure assaulted the Central Continent Gu Immortal from all directions, his bones were creaking.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortal’s expression changed, he could see his defensive methods crumbling, he could not resist the might of the silver cage!


 “Save me!!” He could not keep calm anymore, he screamed.


 Guh.


 At the next moment, he turned into a pile of bloody flesh, he was completely squashed to death inside the silver cage!


 This Central Continent rank seven expert from the ten great ancient sects had died pitifully in the silver giant’s hands.


 “Good! Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great sects are merely so.” Within the silver giant, Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily: “We will continue! That Feng Jiu Ge had rank eight battle strength, he is a tough nut to crack, we will ignore him. Let’s kill all these weaklings first, I want to see if anyone will still dare to invade my hairy man sanctuary after this!”


 Heavenly Giant Solor was the number two ancient battle formation in the world, it was the peak essence of ancient Gu cultivation. It had rank eight battle strength, but the hairy man Gu Immortals were too weak earlier, including the white haired land spirit, thus, when Shadow Sect attacked, they did poorly, Shadow Sect managed to damage Refinement Cauldron and leave unharmed.


 But now was different, after the black haired land spirit’s reforms, Lang Ya Sect was created and with Fang Yuan’s guidance, the hairy man Gu Immortals’ fighting standards had gone up greatly. This way, after assembling ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor, it could truly display rank eight battle strength, and because the black haired land spirit had always made the hairy man Gu Immortals practise the use of this ancient battle formation, even Central Continent rank seven Gu Immortal experts had to die!


 Southern Border, fetus earth maze.


 The mortal life continued to unfold.


 “It seems that I really lost my memories.” Under the moonlight, Fang Yuan sighed.


 He wore a thin shirt as he walked around the small garden made with piled up soil. There was a well in it, and half of the bricks around the well had broken, there was also a fruit tree with no leaves, it was dry and wilted.


 “This is my home.” Fang Yuan looked around and sighed.


 He looked at the room that the old lady slept in, it was even more torn than his room, the windows had lots of holes in it, seeing this, a sense of shame and embarrassment assaulted Fang Yuan.


 Thinking of Xiu Niang, love emerged from Fang Yuan’s heart.


 Undoubtedly, these two were the most important women in his life.


 After resting for some months, his injuries had mostly healed, he could walk again.


 At the moment, countless thoughts were in his mind, the pure moonlight shone down on his frowned brows, he had been thinking about his situation while lying on bed.


 “Xiu Niang is truly in love with me, I must marry her, I cannot let her down!”


 “Mother really likes Xiu Niang, but because of the situation, she had to painfully give up.”


 “To marry Xiu Niang, there are two obstacles. One is Shu clan, it has a huge force and many people. The second are Xiu Niang’s parents, they are Gu Masters and they look down on a mortal like me.”


 “The root cause is still my low aptitude, I cannot become a Gu Master. If I could cultivate to rank three, her parents would accept me.”


 “Sigh!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 This was a problem that he could not solve.


 Even though in rumors there were Gu that could change aptitude, Fang Yuan was a poor lad, who would spend effort to help him to such an extent?


 Even though Xiu Niang had Gu Master aptitude, she was only C grade and had low potential. If she had a bright future and could become a rank three Gu Master, she might be able to decide her own fate, she would not need to be so helpless.


 “Then what should I do?”


 Fang Yuan sighed as he looked at the moon, he was very troubled.


 But at this time, he heard the sound of a zither playing.


 “Oh? Why is there music?” Fang Yuan listened closely, the music was not just from a zither, there were also bells, flutes, and so on.


 He listened closely, trying to find the source of the music, gradually approaching the well.


 “Strange, this music is coming from my well, why is that?” Fang Yuan looked into the well, he only saw the reflection of the moon, it was bright and clear.


 Fang Yuan looked at the walls of this well, there were dozens of bricks that formed into the shape of a door, it was shining with a white-jade luster, it was extraordinary.


 He was very curious, he tied the rope of the water bucket to the fruit tree and climbed down the well.


 When he was lowered to half of the well’s depth, he hung onto the rope as he pushed the bricks that looked like a jade door.


 He used a small force, but the jade door vanished when he touched it, a form of suction dragged the helpless Fang Yuan into it.


 A night later.


 Fang Yuan got out of bed, his eyes shining brightly. He was completely different from before mentally.


 It turned out that this well had the inheritance of a Gu Immortal, it was known as the Virtue true inheritance. Because of its long history, it was very incomplete.


 Fang Yuan inherited this incomplete true inheritance, he awakened his aperture that night and became a rank one Gu Master, he obtained several mortal Gu and gained a huge burst in strength, his life had completely changed.


 “Heaven pitied me, I obtained such an unparalleled fortuitous encounter! There is great hope in marrying Xiu Niang now!”


 Fang Yuan was extremely joyous.


 But he controlled himself, knowing that he could not expose this. The fortuitous encounter was too great, if he exposed it, he would get killed!


 “I want to cultivate hard, I will accumulate my foundation and only expose my strength after being sufficiently strong enough.”


 Cultivate this Virtue true inheritance!


 Fang Yuan made up his mind but he frowned.


 “But this true inheritance has a weird requirement. It needs the inheritor to maintain a heart of justice, to be a virtuous person. The greater my virtues, the easier it is when cultivating.”


 “Virtue?” Fang Yuan hesitated.


 He had a vague feeling of disdain towards this word in his heart, but after getting this true inheritance, the disdain vanished subtly.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan worked hard on cultivation, accumulating strength.


 The old lady advised him not to get close to Xiu Niang, he agreed but made up his mind internally.


 Xiu Niang approached him and talked about their tough relationship, but Fang Yuan urged her to endure it, he would find a way around this.


 What made Fang Yuan extremely glad was that Xiu Niang believed his words without doubt.


 As he cultivated, one day, the old lady got sick and could not recover.


 Fang Yuan was extremely anguished, normal medicine had no effect, Fang Yuan’s heart was burning with anxiety.


 He found a Gu Master to heal her, but the rank two Gu Master looked down on his pitiful fees and did not want to help.


 Fang Yuan heard that this Gu Master liked to eat fish, he walked for a dozen li to arrive at a lake.


 Fang Yuan started a fire and melted the ice, entering the cold water to capture a fish before giving it to the Gu Master.


 The Gu Master was extremely moved by Fang Yuan’s filial piety, he decided to heal this old lady.


 The old lady was healed and Fang Yuan was extremely happy. His joy only increased when he found that there was a rank two accumulate virtue Gu in his aperture.


 According to the true inheritance, this accumulate virtue Gu would refine and appear on its own when Fang Yuan did good deeds and acted kindly. The greater the accumulation of kindness, the higher the rank of the accumulate virtue Gu that is refined. This Gu had many uses, it was one of the core foundations of Virtue true inheritance, its greatest use was to change Fang Yuan’s cultivation aptitude, to turn him into the Righteous Virtue Physique1.


 According to the vague description of the true inheritance, the Righteous Virtue Physique was only inferior to the ten extreme physiques, but it did not have any of the ten extreme physiques’ flaws, it represented an unparalleled future and potential!


 Henceforth, Fang Yuan did good deeds and accumulated his virtues, he did not give up any opportunity to refine accumulate virtue Gu.


 Soon, his kind reputation of committing good deeds spread.


 Fang Yuan’s aptitude became better and better, his cultivation speed rapidly rose. Two years later, he became a rank two Gu Master.


 During an incident, in order to save a child who had fallen into water, he exposed his Gu Master identity.


 Coincidentally, an elder from Shu clan saw this, Fang Yuan’s secret was exposed.


 The Shu clan elder thought, a mere mortal like Fang Yuan could actually improve his aptitude to become rank two, he definitely had a huge secret, thus, he attacked Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fought with him in an intense battle, eventually, he surpassed his limit and used a mortal killer move — Virtuous Submission!


 This moved used up all of his accumulate virtue Gu.


 Shu clan elder was hit by this move but he suffered no injuries, he started to cry as he knelt on the ground, slapping his own face as he cried: “I am not human, I am not human, I actually had such evil thoughts, I dare to attack someone as virtuous as you! I am a beast, I am not human. Please forgive me, please give me a chance to redeem myself!”


 Fang Yuan was dazed on the spot, he did not think this move would be so powerful.


 Henceforth, he subdued this Shu clan elder, and gained a lot of crucial information about the Shu clan young master.


 Meanwhile, he worked hard to do good deeds as his reputation spread among the mortals, even Gu Masters heard of his name.


 Several years later, the truth could no longer be concealed, Fang Yuan’s Gu Master identity was exposed.


 But he used other Gu worms to conceal his greatest secret. Xiu Niang’s parents changed their opinion of him, but they did not want their daughter to marry someone as poor as Fang Yuan.


 Compared to Fang Yuan, the Shu clan young master was simply much superior.


 But Xiu Niang loved Fang Yuan alone, this made the Shu clan young master upset as he found trouble with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s life was filled with hurdles, he was constantly framed and accused, but as long as Xiu Niang was around, he looked forward to each day with hope.


 Eventually, when their conflict reached its max, Shu clan young master requested for Fang Yuan to fight him in a battle to the death.


 Fang Yuan agreed to his request, this matter escalated and the surrounding forces and Gu Masters heard about it.


 Right before the day of the fight, late at night, Fang Yuan was attacked by the joint assault of Shu clan’s Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan escaped to the mountains with heavy injuries, he was filled with rage and hatred.


 Because he knew that he was heavily injured, he could not be Shu clan young master’s match. If he went to fight, he would die. But if he did not, he would lose the match and Xiu Niang would have no choice but to marry Shu clan’s young master.


 “How can I allow Xiu Niang to marry this scoundrel? Even if I die, I will... what sound is that?” Fang Yuan was shocked, he turned around to see a huge beast tide approaching.


 “Good! Heaven is not blind, let this beast tide destroy the city, Shu clan would not be prepared for it, they would lose terribly, I would be avenged!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, but his smile faded instantly.


 He thought of his mother, he thought of Xiu Niang, he thought of his friends and neighbors. The cherished faces of these people surfaced in his mind and lingered.


 If he allowed the beast tide to reach the city, how many people would die?


 Even if he tried to save them, with his strength, how many people could he save?


 “Even if I save Xiu Niang and my mother, what about these people? Don’t they have children? They have their own parents too! Not helping them when I know of this disaster, I am also an accomplice.”


 “Also, no matter how bad the Shu clan young master is, not everyone in Shu clan is like him. There are also admirable people among them, why must I implicate them? Do they deserve to die?”


 “Furthermore, I have already lived in this city for twenty years, I am indebted to it, without its protection, I would have been killed by wild beasts. Should I let the beast tide destroy this city? No, this is my home!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s gaze firmed as he turned around, running to the city.


 Even though he knew that in returning now, he would likely meet those Shu clan Gu Masters and get killed by them.


 But he had to go!


 Because having inherited Virtue true inheritance, these last few years, virtues were ingrained in him, his own mindset was changed, he felt that he had the obligation and responsibility to do this!


 Fang Yuan returned to the city and informed everyone of the beast tide, it grew a lot of attention.


 The beast tide was too sudden and concealed, but thanks to Fang Yuan, the Gu Masters in the city were prepared for it and managed to defend themselves.


 The city lord heard of Fang Yuan’s circumstances, knowing that he had taken a huge risk to inform them, he praised Fang Yuan greatly.


 With the city lord’s backing, Fang Yuan no longer feared Shu clan, his battle with the Shu clan young master was also postponed indefinitely.


 Next, in the year-long defensive battle, Fang Yuan performed well and saved countless mortals and Gu Masters. He loved to help people and did not seek rewards, his strength grew drastically as he refined countless accumulate virtue Gu, people also praised him greatly and his reputation soared.


 When the beast tide ended, Fang Yuan had undergone a qualitative transformation.


 He fought with Shu clan’s young master fair and square.


 And in this life and death battle, Fang Yuan obtained absolute victory.


 But he spared the life of Shu clan’s young master.


 “Oh Shen San, you repaid hatred with kindness, I am in deep admiration, from today onwards, I will follow your lead! Please accept my submission!” Saying so, Shu clan’s young master knelt down.


 The people in the city were in deep admiration towards Fang Yuan.


 Three years later, the city lord felt old and passed his position to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was already a rank five Gu Master, he was the new city lord. The day that he took over the role was also the day of his marriage with Xiu Niang.


 Auspicious red characters, lively guests, delicious food and wine, and a comfortable wedding room.


 Xiu Niang was dressed up and sat by the bed, looking at Fang Yuan with deep love: “Darling San, we are finally married. I knew I did not love the wrong person.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Of course, but...”


 He held his chest.


 Xiu Niang was worried: “But what? Are you feeling unwell?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “I feel a little empty inside.”


 Xiu Niang smiled, she smiled like a blooming flower, looking truly beautiful: “Why do you feel empty? Darling San, do you know how many people admire you?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned stiff: “They admire me? They merely admire my fortune, authority, strength, and love life.”


 Saying this, his tone turned cold, a sharp light flashed in his eyes.


 Xiu Niang’s expression changed: “Darling San, what’s wrong? Your words are making me uneasy.”


 Fang Yuan looked at her seriously, he looked at this face that he thought about day and night, he could not stop loving this beautiful woman.


 His gaze was so serious, but Xiu Niang felt more and more uneasy.


 Afterwards, Xiu Niang saw Fang Yuan shaking his head as he sighed: “Everything that happened... merely amounted to this.”


 At the next moment, everything collapsed!


 Author’s Note: This is two chapters combined together.


 TL Note: This is how you write an RI fanfic.



***
Chapter 1543 - Humanity’s Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 “You want to kill me, you will have to pay a price!” A rank seven Central Continent Gu Immortal shouted, he knew he could not escape, facing the silver giant, he retaliated with a final struggle.


 The immortal killer move was grand and powerful, the silver giant took several steps back.


 But that was it.


 Snap.


 The silver giant slapped with both palms as he turned into meat paste.


 “Hahaha, the third Central Continent Gu Immortal is dead!” Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily.


 The silver giant turned around, looking at Feng Jiu Ge as it taunted: “Oh Feng Jiu Ge, even if you have rank eight battle strength, so what? Can you stop me from killing your companions? They dared to invade Lang Ya blessed land, I will turn this into their final resting place!”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze was spewing fire, he was furious, within Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit had the territorial advantage. Heavenly Giant Solor had true rank eight battle strength, even if he used his signature killer moves, he could not stop the silver giant from killing other Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 “In that case, I can only do this now.” Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze became eerie and profound.


 Lang Ya land spirit had a bad feeling in his heart: “What are you trying to do?”


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “Nothing special, I am just imitating you.”


 He flew down and rapidly went below Cloud Cover Continent, arriving at one of the three continents, Black Hair Continent.


 Below Feng Jiu Ge, a hairy man city with countless hairy men living in it had no idea that disaster was about to strike.


 “Stop!” Lang Ya land spirit moved the silver giant and quickly approached Feng Jiu Ge.


 But Feng Jiu Ge used his immortal killer move forcefully, with a loud sound, this hairy man city instantly destroyed, countless hairy men were buried, tens of thousands of hairy men died instantly.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes turned red, screaming: “Feng Jiu Ge! You are a righteous path Gu Immortal, how can you act so viciously?”


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled coldly: “My righteous path is the righteous path of humans, not variant humans. Since when did you variant humans consider yourselves equal to us humans?”


 Feng Jiu Ge said this as he flew to another city.


 Lang Ya land spirit tried to stop him but like how Feng Jiu Ge could not stop him from killing Central Continent Gu Immortals, he could not stop Feng Jiu Ge from killing these hairy men.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not care much about the lives of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, they came from different sects and the ten great ancient sects were in constant conflict as well.


 But Lang Ya land spirit cared about his hairy men, he had a grand ambition for the hairy men, it was his weakness!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s attacks were all met with Lang Ya land spirit’s resistance, the other Central Continent Gu Immortals became safe as a result.


 The situation turned bad for Lang Ya Sect.


 Southern Border, inside the battlefield killer move.


 “Hmm? Strange, very strange!” Lu Wei Yin had a look of shock and uncertainty.


 “My killer move mimics reincarnation battlefield, it uses fetus earth maze as the base to create a dream realm. There are many participants in this dream realm, they are all elites, the dream is so powerful I can only influence and not control it.”


 “This Fang Yuan had love and kinship in his heart, he also has desire towards fortune, authority, and strength, but why did the dream realm fail to restrain him in the end?”


 This dream realm’s Virtue true inheritance was not fictional, it was a crucial setup by Lu Wei Yin.


 His main objective was to direct Fang Yuan to commit good deeds and muster the virtues and righteousness in his heart, turning him from a demonic to righteous path Gu Immortal.


 The entire process was very successful from its start to the middle. But right when Lu Wei Yin thought that he was going to succeed, Fang Yuan suddenly broke free of the dream’s route.


 This situation confused Lu Wei Yin greatly.


 He thought about it but could not understand why.


 “Forget it. Even though one lifetime is over, there are two lives left. I will reform you once more.” Lu Wei Yin breathed in deeply, his expression turning austere.


 During the second life’s dream realm, Fang Yuan became a young master.


 His clan was a super force and dominated a territory, his grandpa was the first supreme elder and his parents were both Gu Immortals, they had supreme authority.


 As the only child of his family, Fang Yuan was doted on from birth.


 He enjoyed great fortune and luxury since he was young, when he was a teenager, he unavoidably became a good-for-nothing young master.


 Even though he was very lazy and did not cultivate, with his family’s support, they expended a huge amount of resources to raise his cultivation level.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan was sixteen years old, even though all he did was play and fool around, he had rank five peak stage cultivation level.


 Fang Yuan forgot himself, he forgot the previous dream’s life, he lived happily and without worries.


 Just when he thought that his life could carry on like this forever, his family was attacked by a demonic overlord.


 This unparalleled demon had quasi-rank nine battle strength, he had immense might and a vicious heart, Fang Yuan’s clan was not his match.


 The clan expended a huge amount of resources, they hired a lot of help and joined up with many righteous path forces to attack the demon.


 In this battle, his grandpa and father died, the demon eventually lost and went missing, news that he died spread.


 However, Fang Yuan’s life took a drastically downturn, his mother could not hold the fort, soon, both of them were ostracized by other forces in the clan.


 But survival was not an issue, he had his mother to protect him.


 However, a few years later, the demon appeared again. The first thing he did was to approach Fang Yuan’s clan and murder all of the clansmen in it.


 The scene was very pitiful, their blessed land base that was safe from harm became ruins, corpses were everywhere.


 Fang Yuan was lucky to be the sole surviving Gu Master.


 “Demon, I will kill you!!” He was resolved to die, he attacked that demon without hesitation.


 But the demon snickered and easily blew Fang Yuan to the ground with one breath.


 He stepped on Fang Yuan’s head as he laughed: “Little rascal, do you hate me? I can feel how much hatred you have, because your encounter today was the same as me back then. I was only a mortal living with my family back then, even though life was hard, we lived in bliss. But a Gu Master from your clan killed my entire family over a tiny Gu worm. I managed to survive and swore to take revenge, thankfully, heaven was not blind, I had a fortuitous encounter and became a Gu Immortal, I could finally take revenge today! Hahaha.”


 Fang Yuan struggled intensely, but the demon laughed happily. Eventually, he stepped on Fang Yuan’s skull and burst it.


 Three days later, in a secluded cave, Fang Yuan opened his eyes.


 “Didn’t I die?” When he found that he was alive, he was extremely shocked.


 But soon, a scene of the past surfaced in his mind.


 His mother had used an immortal killer move on him with utmost secrecy, nobody knew about it.


 “Son, this killer move can protect your soul and let you revive once. In the future, if this move activates, I want you to live well, do not take revenge for us.” His mother instructed warmly.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan was filled with tears.


 He understood that he had revived because of his mother.


 He revived but his mother did not, she had used her only chance of revival on Fang Yuan.


 This was the noble love of a mother!


 Fang Yuan sobbed in anguish, the hatred in his heart accumulated like the tidal waves raging in a vast sea.


 The amount of love he had for his clansmen and family was equal to how much he hated that demon.


 After crying for a while, Fang Yuan knelt on the ground, he swore to spend his life, regardless of what price he had to pay, to kill that demon and take revenge for his parents, clansmen, and for himself!!


 Fang Yuan started to cultivate with great effort from this day on.


 He worked very hard, he only slept the minimum amount each day, he even ate food with a very strict timer.


 After reviving, even though his body had changed, his aptitude was still unparalleled, he could conceal his identity.


 He had his clan’s inheritance and the full foundation of a super force.


 Even though there were no Immortal Gu left, at this place where he revived, his mother had left him a lot of mortal Gu.


 Just like this, he cultivated in the cave in seclusion. Eight years later, he successfully became a rank six Gu Immortal, obtaining a high grade blessed land.


 But rank six was not enough against the demon.


 Fang Yuan’s desire for revenge only grew firmer as time passed.


 He had already expended the cultivation resources that his mother left, Fang Yuan ventured out of the cave and roamed the world.


 At this time, almost the entire world had submitted to that demon’s authority. In the absence of rank nine, he was the number one person in the world!


 Fang Yuan cultivated as he actively joined the forces that resisted the demon.


 But the demon was too powerful, no matter how many forces resisted, they vanished from his immense might.


 Gradually, the situation became worse, many Gu Immortals submitted to the demon and became his lackeys.


 Fang Yuan’s strength grew, but even at rank seven, he was not the demon’s match.


 He still had to face the assault of those lackeys. His cultivation journey was getting tougher, he got injured so many times he could not remember anymore. In many situations, he relied on luck and managed to survive. He had gone through so much hardship and pain, all the suffering was buried in his heart, hatred grew deeper in his heart.


 He became experienced.


 He started to talk less.


 “I have little lifespan left.” Fang Yuan looked at his old face in the water’s reflection as he said anxiously.


 “Please sell your lifespan Gu to me, I will pay you three rank seven Immortal Gu!” He found a Gu Immortal, this person has saved his life, he was also an enemy of the demon.


 But this Gu Immortal shook his head: “Lifespan Gu is hard to get, I have little lifespan too, no matter how many Immortal Gu you offer, how can I use them if I am dead? Please go back.”



***
Chapter 1544 - Boring


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I really need them, I have a reason to live!” Fang Yuan shouted, he persevered.


 “In this world, everyone has their own reason to live, why must I die in order for you to live?” This Gu Immortal smiled: “Of course, I understand your reason. That demon is your mortal enemy and you want to take revenge. But he is also my enemy, I need to take revenge too. Why must I be sacrificed for you? Go find other lifespan Gu, I need these for myself.”


 Fang Yuan could not rebuke him, this Gu Immortal made great sense. His begging ended in failure.


 Fang Yuan had to go out and find lifespan Gu, in fact, during his cultivation journey, he had been paying attention to getting lifespan Gu. But his luck was bad, the demon scavenged for lifespan Gu and the number of lifespan Gu in the outside world became very few.


 Fang Yuan had no alternatives, he knelt in front of his parents’ grave for an entire night. He first wailed, before he sobbed, and by daybreak, he stood up with a dangerous gaze in his eyes.


 In order to get lifespan Gu, he took a risk and killed his benefactor, taking the lifespan Gu that he had.


 Using the lifespan Gu, he lengthened his life and continued to cultivate, finding a chance for revenge.


 He started to lose his bottom line, he became unscrupulous. Thus, he started to be branded as a dangerous person, he became part of the demonic path.


 “Even if I become a demon, so what? I will do anything for revenge!”


 The demon exterminated all the forces that opposed him, he had supreme authority, nobody could remove his status.


 Fang Yuan could not find any chance to kill the demon, he started to lose his patience, his hatred was like a monster in the darkness of his heart, if this monster’s thirst for revenge could not be fulfilled, this monster would devour Fang Yuan himself.


 Thus, Fang Yuan shifted his attention to the people around the demon.


 The demon was human too, even though his family was murdered in the past, in recent years, he started a family, he had wives, subordinates, and many children.


 Among his children, a young girl was doted on the most, she was turned into a Gu Immortal at the age of sixteen by the demon after paying a shocking price.


 Fang Yuan started a deep scheme, he intentionally created a coincidence to get close to this female immortal.


 “You can call me Little Shang, thank you for saving me.” The female immortal was very innocent, because Fang Yuan had saved her life, he soon gained her trust.


 Fang Yuan started to act, after such a long time, his acting had improved drastically, he was very familiar with the human heart.


 Initially, he got close to Little Shang to kill her and make the demon feel the pain of losing his family. But gradually, as he spent time with Little Shang, Fang Yuan’s emotions started to awaken from the deep darkness of his heart.


 But when Little Shang confessed to him about her affection, Fang Yuan was panicked and quickly ran away.


 He vanished from Little Shang.


 He hid his traces and went back to his parents’ graves, kneeling with a face overflowing with tears.


 Because he had understood his own feelings from this shock — unknowingly, he had fallen in love with Little Shang.


 How could he fall in love with the daughter of the enemy that killed his entire family?


 Fang Yuan was extremely anguished, while feeling deeply conflicted.


 Eventually, he let Little Shang off, he only went after the demon for revenge.


 He changed his appearance and did some robberies, after collecting enough cultivation resources, he cultivated by the grave and pushed to rank eight.


 He succeeded in reaching rank eight but suffered heavy injuries too.


 When he was recuperating, Little Shang appeared, she had found him.


 She questioned him on why he ran away when she confessed. This was the first time she was confessing, but he acted like this. She was indignant, she needed to get an answer.


 Fang Yuan could not explain himself, he brought her to his parents’ graves as he said: “This is the grave of my former lover.”


 Little Shang’s expression paled, she apologized to Fang Yuan, asking: “Why are there no words on this grave?”


 Of course there were no words, Fang Yuan was not going to leave this flaw that could expose his identity behind.


 Thus, he sighed: “Because I did not know her name from start to end.”


 Next, he spoke of a pitiful but beautiful love story.


 Little Shang was crying profusely, she was deeply immersed in this story, she felt sympathy and sadness towards Fang Yuan.


 She decided to accompany Fang Yuan and live together, to get out of this trauma. She was very firm on her reason: “What’s wrong with helping the person I love?”


 Even though Fang Yuan loved Little Shang too, he did not want to stay with her.


 He was afraid.


 He was afraid that after his revenge succeeds, it would cause even greater harm to Little Shang.


 He was also afraid that if he stayed with her, his determination for revenge would be eroded.


 The night that Little Shang stayed with him, Fang Yuan saw the demon again.


 His eternal enemy!


 The demon used a method to make Little Shang fall asleep as he brought Fang Yuan over by force.


 Fang Yuan concealed himself deeply, the demon did not find out his true identity.


 The demon spoke with a forceful tone, but what surprised Fang Yuan was that he did not separate the two of them.


 From the demon’s words, Fang Yuan could acutely sense the fatherly love that he had, he wanted them to live in happiness.


 “You have rank eight cultivation level, you are somewhat worthy of my daughter. Treat Little Shang well, she really loves you.” The demon said before leaving.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, continuing to ponder over the situation, he felt that the demon’s actions had deeper reasons.


 Indeed, after some subtle probing, Little Shang exposed a shocking secret, the demon wanted to charge to rank nine realm, but he had little confidence in it.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed when he heard this.


 He understood the demon more than he understood himself.


 The demon was definitely going to try advancing to rank nine, but he had little confidence. Once he failed, if he did not die, he would be heavily injured. By then, Fang Yuan would be able to exact revenge!


 At once, the thirst for revenge overwhelmed him.


 The unprecedented hope made Fang Yuan extremely logical and calm. He decided to stay close to Little Shang to get closer to the demon.


 The demon failed in his advancement to rank nine indeed, he hid in a valley to recuperate.


 Before Fang Yuan found out his location, the information was exposed by his most trusted aide.


 The demon had always ruled with an iron fist, he was very strict with his subordinates, it was understandable why his subordinates betrayed him.


 Most Gu Immortals had not truly submitted to the demon, when they heard news of this, the five regions stirred and a large number of Gu Immortals ganged up and surrounded the valley.


 The demon was in danger, Little Shang was worried about her father, she wanted to help him, Fang Yuan went with her during this trip, Little Shang was deeply moved.


 Fang Yuan managed to get close to the demon and as battle started, the demon managed to kill many Gu Immortals even though it was evident that he was weakened.


 The Gu Immortals saw hope and refused to leave even in death, Fang Yuan schemed and plotted against the demon, exposing precious information and making him land in a dangerous situation.


 In the final battle, both sides exhausted their resources, due to luck, Fang Yuan obtained control of the immortal formation that would decide victory.


 There was only one attack left in the immortal formation, it could decide the battle.


 The Gu Immortals shouted at Fang Yuan: “Quickly kill this demon, uphold justice and save this world!!”


 Little Shang was in a desperate situation, Fang Yuan was her only hope.


 The demon said to Fang Yuan: “Quickly kill these Gu Immortals! I will let you become the second strongest person in this world, you will have an unlimited amount of riches and prosperity, my daughter will be yours for a lifetime.”


 Fang Yuan hesitated and struggled.


 The images of his parents appeared in his mind, they screamed: “Kill him, kill this demon, take revenge for our clan!”


 Countless eyes were staring at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan controlled the immortal formation, whichever side he hit would be exterminated, the other would win.


 If he attacked the righteous path Gu Immortals, the demon would win, Fang Yuan did not want this, but if he did not, Little Shang would die.


 Or maybe he should save Little Shang now, there would be another chance to kill the demon in the future. After this matter, Fang Yuan would gain the demon’s trust, but that was not assured, and Fang Yuan did not have the confidence to kill the demon alone.


 The demon was too powerful, as long as he had time to recover, he would become more vigilant and stronger, Fang Yuan’s hope of revenge would dwindle.


 If he attacked the demon, that was the safest option, he would definitely die. Fang Yuan would be able to take revenge, it was the most correct answer.


 But that would cause Little Shang to die, Fang Yuan was unwilling to see that happen.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, he felt love and hatred conflicting in him, he was in immense pain and contradiction, due to the time limit, he had to make up his mind now.


 Whichever decision he made, it would decide the fate of the world, and furthermore, it would enormously affect the rest of his life!


 This final hit, would he attack or not?


 If he attacked, where would he hit?


 All of the Gu Immortals stared at Fang Yuan, many were cheering and urging Fang Yuan to make the most important decision.


 Under everyone’s watch, the hesitation and struggle on Fang Yuan’s face suddenly vanished.


 His lips curled up as he showed a mocking smile.


 Next, he started to laugh lightly, he sighed deeply as his body relaxed entirely.


 “Why are you laughing? Make up your mind!” The demon shouted, rushing him.


 “I am laughing at myself, I am also laughing at all of you.” Fang Yuan looked at them with a calm gaze, it swept around as his eyes drooped down: “Love and friendship, killing and slaughtering, don’t you all find this very boring?”


 At the next moment, the dream realm collapsed once again.



***
Chapter 1545 - Fang Yuan Schemes Ahead, Feng Jiu Ge Faces Danger


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom—!


 With a loud explosion, another city in Black Hair Continent collapsed, countless hairy men died or got injured.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you deserve death!” Lang Ya land spirit screamed manically, intense pain could be heard from his voice.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled coldly, flying away again.


 The silver giant continued to pursue him under the land spirit’s control. Profound lights were scattered before it left, the hairy men that were still alive in the city quickly healed after being bathed in this light, their lives were saved.


 But this was pointless for the overall fight.


 Both the silver giant and Feng Jiu Ge had rank eight battle strength, neither could stop the other party’s assaults.


 Unless their battle strength differed greatly.


 “Fang Yuan has not responded yet?” Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes were red, he shouted.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals in charge of contacting him shook their heads.


 “Damn it!” Lang Ya land spirit gritted his teeth, clenching his fists as he growled: “Uncontactable at the crucial moment! Is he trying to escape? No, he is not a person who lacks courage, as long as we join forces, these Central Continent Gu Immortals will die here. This means... he is being targeted by Heavenly Court now!”


 Even though Lang Ya land spirit was furious, he still had a clear head.


 “First supreme elder, what do we do? We cannot chase after Feng Jiu Ge like this!” Sixth Hair asked.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were not Lang Ya land spirit, even though they were born and lived here, after becoming immortal, their mindsets had changed, mortals and immortals had different statuses.


 Even if all these mortal hairy men died, more could be nurtured as time passed. But if these Central Continent Gu Immortals were allowed to complete their formation, the entire Lang Ya blessed land would be in trouble.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals wanted to urge Lang Ya land spirit but they lacked courage, only Sixth Hair who was Spectral Soul’s split soul could stand up now at this critical moment.


 But out of their expectations, Lang Ya land spirit listened to Sixth Hair’s suggestion without rampaging or getting angry.


 He smiled sinisterly: “Don’t worry! How can I forget about the Central Continent Gu Immortals? Even without Fang Yuan, we have reinforcements, hahaha! This Feng Jiu Ge thinks his scheme succeeded, but it is a futile struggle, these people will die, they will all die!!”


 “Don’t tell me?” Sixth Hair’s eyes shone when he heard this.


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals also reacted.


 “That’s right, we are not alone.”


 “Indeed, indeed! Our Lang Ya Sect is part of the four races alliance, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals have reinforcements, but so do we!”


 In the past, Fang Yuan played a role in setting up the four races alliance, he had considered a situation like this.


 Fang Yuan knew the importance of Lang Ya blessed land, the alliance was a safety net for Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit and the hairy man Gu Immortals were all lured away by Feng Jiu Ge. Most of the blessed land’s battle strength was inside the silver giant.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals thought that they were safe and sound, but in reality, Lang Ya Sect had reinforcements.


 The truth was, the inkman, rockman, and snowman reinforcements had already arrived, they were just hidden.


 “Is it finally time for us to strike?” Rank seven rule path rockman Gu Immortal Shi Xiong received Lang Ya land spirit’s transmission as he muttered.


 “Let’s strike! What are we waiting for?” The rank seven snowman Gu Immortal Bing Feng could not wait any longer.


 “It is a shame that I cannot fight in this battle.” The other rank seven close combat Gu Immortal Bing Zhuo said regretfully.


 “We have such a grand formation, why would we need to fight?” An inkman Gu Immortal from Inkman City laughed.


 Other than having four rank sevens here, there were also many rank six Gu Immortals.


 Lang Ya Sect was attacked, according to their alliance agreement, the other three races had to help them and unite as one to resist the enemy. If they violated it, the punishment would be severe.


 When Fang Yuan set the alliance agreement, he had emphasized on the speediness of reinforcements, he did not leave any loopholes behind.


 But these three races did not come forcefully, they willingly came. These variant humans naturally did not favor humans, their only concern was the lives of their Gu Immortals.


 But Lang Ya blessed land had a hidden immortal formation that completely alleviated their worries.


 Ever since the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron was destroyed by Shadow Sect and had its core Immortal Gu taken, Lang Ya blessed land could only sustain an incomplete Refinement Cauldron.


 Lang Ya blessed land’s defenses were greatly weakened, with Fang Yuan’s wisdom, he had already noticed it. Thus, long ago, he exchanged a lot of inheritances with Lang Ya land spirit, there were a lot of formations inside that could replace Refinement Cauldron to defend the blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land did not lack Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan, who had sufficient attainment level, modified some immortal formations, secretly setting up a super Gu formation encompassing the entire blessed land. It was hidden normally, but when enemies attacked, the Gu Immortals could use it to unleash great power!


 Fang Yuan did this purposely.


 He had deeply considered the hairy man Gu Immortals’ battle strength, as well as the reinforcements’ mindsets, this immortal formation was the most suitable.


 And there was one more thing, this immortal formation could not be moved after it was created. Even though Lang Ya blessed land was strong, if something happened in the future and the sect turned on Fang Yuan, this immortal formation would be useless. In fact, within the immortal formation, Fang Yuan had already set a few back-doors...


 After these variant human Gu Immortals arrived, Lang Ya land spirit sent them into the immortal formation. After getting familiar with the formation, they worked together, instilling immortal essence as this super Gu formation activated.


 “What is going on?!”


 “There, there is a hidden super Gu formation?”


 “Impossible, how can Lang Ya still have manpower?”


 The immortal formation activated with tremendous force, it was unstoppable, the immortal formation that the Central Continent Gu Immortals created broke apart at once, many of the immortals were heavily injured.


 Bing Zhuo and the rest used the chance to target them without holding back, the formless force of the immortal formation was like a huge grindstone, under its pressure, two Central Continent Gu Immortals died.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, I actually fell for your scheme!”


 The cruel truth was like a slap on Feng Jiu Ge’s face.


 This legendary person of the current era showed anger on his face.


 In this situation, Feng Jiu Ge could no longer continue his tactic, he had to return and save the rest of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 But the silver giant did not let him go, the entire blessed land still had another super Gu formation that exerted pressure on him.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge tried his best, he could only watch as the final Central Continent Gu Immortal died in vain.


 “Our intel is severely lacking! Lang Ya blessed land has such a huge force, this is unbelievable!” Feng Jiu Ge had a grim expression, he was attacked by the silver giant and the super Gu formation.


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 In this situation, Feng Jiu Ge, who was left alone, finally went all out, he started to use his signature methods.


 Green jade song was clear and crisp, sounding like countless pearls landing on a jade plate.


 The music spread out as a layer of green color appeared on the silver giant, before rapidly turning into solid jade.


 As the music continued, wherever it spread, white clouds, yellow soil, and flowing water all turned into jade. As everything got converted, the surrounding hundred li became a frozen world made of jade.


 Even the silver giant was frozen into a jade statue.


 “This green jade song is truly extraordinary.” Within the jade statue, Lang Ya land spirit spoke.


 Crack crack, the jade statue started to surface with cracks all over, the silver giant broke free as the jade was flung away, it attacked Feng Jiu Ge again.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not surprised, this green jade song had rank eight power, but against the silver giant, it could only temporarily obstruct it.


 But he had already obtained enough time for his second immortal killer move — Submission Song!


 This move encompassed wisdom path, enslavement path, sound path, and soul path, it affected the mind. It was created by Feng Jiu Ge using five finger fist heart sword as inspiration. It could temporarily cause desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts to change sides, becoming subordinates of the singer.


 The song soon spread throughout Lang Ya blessed land.


 However, it was in vain!


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed: “Feng Jiu Ge, do you think we would not prepare against it? Fang Yuan had already given me information of your submission song. In the battle earlier, I had already sent all our desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts into our immortals’ immortal apertures.”


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Heavenly Court tried to obtain intel about Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit naturally did the same thing. Fang Yuan had warned Lang Ya land spirit regarding Feng Jiu Ge, he was something to guard against!


 Feng Jiu Ge breathed in deeply, using immortal killer move heaven and earth song!


 The song was loud and clear, it resonated with heaven and earth, drawing out its might and was able to exert pressure on people’s minds, it could weaken enemy attacks.


 But this move was even weaker here.


 This was the heaven and earth of Lang Ya blessed land, the base of Feng Jiu Ge’s enemy carrying deep animosity against him, how could Feng Jiu Ge resonate and use its power?


 Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge dodged left and right and unleashed his trump card.


 This song was extraordinary, it was the best method to break apart immortal formations and Immortal Gu Houses. Back then, against the rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, it had greatly shocked Wu Yong by nearly dismantling it!


 The silver giant was an ancient battle formation, Bing Zhuo and the rest were controlling an immortal Gu formation now, they were also affected.


 Once it was dismantled, these variant human Gu Immortals would need to fight individually, how could they be Feng Jiu Ge’s match?


 Originally, Feng Jiu Ge could not move while using separation song. But after this period of time, he had improved greatly, he could move freely now while using separation song.


 Once this song started, it was very weak like a low murmur or like soft sleep-talking in a quiet night.


 Next, a sudden emotion emerged in all of the variant human Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 The song gradually became louder, it was not an instant rise, but a gradual and gentle one, alternating between low and high pitch as it rose.


 The Gu Immortals felt sadness and pain in their hearts.


 The song suddenly dropped to a low pitch, an incomparable gloominess and sentimental feelings attacked the variant human Gu Immortals’ hearts, making them have an urge to cry!


 The pain of separation, the sadness of separation, the gloominess of separation, and the reluctance of separation.


 Splitting up with your lover, never seeing your friends again, and the death of your loved ones.


 Separated, but the past remains the same.


 Separated, as old friends bid farewell.


 Separated, like the setting of the sun.


 Separated, like falling flowers that convey deep sadness.


 “I’ll separate your mother!!” Suddenly, Lang Ya land spirit screamed in a thunderous tone, resounding in the entire blessed land.


 At this moment, his immortal killer move was ready.


 Immortal killer move — Complete Silence!


 The silver giant shone with boundless brilliance.


 The silver light was extremely glaring, like a fragment of the sun, wherever it shone, the song faded into silence.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s face finally expressed shock.


 This move had rank eight power, it directly countered him!


 “Feng Jiu Ge, your death anniversary will be in exactly a year’s time!” Lang Ya land spirit roared smugly, the silver giant stomped on Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge rapidly retreated, but he could only dodge for now.


 His gaze flickered, the battle strength of Lang Ya’s forces greatly shocked him multiple times.


 This complete silence killer move was extremely effective, but Lang Ya land spirit had kept it in reserve until the end. This move was too crucial, it threw Feng Jiu Ge into an absolute disadvantage.


 This legendary figure of Central Continent finally felt the intense aura of death!



***
Chapter 1546 - Assimilation Wind of Central Feng


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains.


 A boundless grassland extended into the horizons.


 The clear skies had no clouds, it looked empty but three Gu Immortals were actually concealing themselves, floating in the air.


 “According to Lady Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions, this place is the closest to Lang Ya blessed land.” The leader, a male Gu Immortal, thought to himself.


 If Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals saw his appearance, they would gasp: “Prince Feng Xian!”


 Indeed, he was one of the five openly known rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains — Prince Feng Xian.


 As times changed, the number one rank eight expert Old Ancestor Xue Hu had gone missing with his wife after the destruction of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 The first supreme elder of Yao tribe, Yao Huang, was chosen by Longevity Heaven and left his tribe, becoming the next generation South Desolation Immortal of Longevity Heaven.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was once a lone immortal, but he now occupied Hei tribe’s territory and created the super force Bai Zu tribe, becoming a righteous path member.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was still trapped within Longevity Heaven’s Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar.


 Because of Heavenly Court’s invasion, the reappearance of Longevity Heaven, the conversion of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to the righteous path, and the disappearance of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, almost the whole of Northern Plains had turned into the world of the righteous path, the demonic path Gu Immortals had to lay low and keep out of the spotlight.


 Out of the five rank eight Gu Immortals, only Prince Feng Xian was still intact without any changes in his circumstances.


 This person had a special status, on the surface, he was an external rank eight supreme elder of Gong tribe and the husband of Gong Wan Ting, but he had a hidden identity, he was a spy sent into Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world by Spirit Affinity House long ago, and was now the most influential spy that Central Continent had in Northern Plains!


 Fairy Zi Wei had been planning for a long time, she sent Feng Jiu Ge and the rest to attack Lang Ya blessed land, other than Chen Yi who was openly waiting to reinforce him, she also sent the hidden piece, Prince Feng Xian, secretly.


 “Lord, one of Northern Plains’ ten great fierce areas, Loose Tail Ridge, is nearby, Lang Ya blessed land is likely hiding here.” Beside Prince Feng Xian, a rank six female immortal spoke.


 Beside Prince Feng Xian, there were two servants of high status, because of his reputation, they also became famous in Northern Plains.


 They were Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan, these two were Gu Immortals from Spirit Affinity House, it was Le Yao who spoke this time, she wore a yellow dress and was extremely beautiful.


 Swordmaster You Lan had stayed in the base this time, she did not follow Prince Feng Xian.


 Prince Feng Xian nodded slightly, he guessed the same.


 His gaze turned around and focused on the Gu Immortal beside him, there was a rank six hairy man Gu Immortal standing right beside him!


 This hairy man Gu Immortal was dazed and not moving, like a statue, he was controlled by Prince Feng Xian’s supreme methods.


 If Lang Ya land spirit or any Lang Ya Sect hairy man Gu Immortals saw this person, they would know of his identity.


 Because this hairy man Gu Immortal was from Lang Ya blessed land.


 Back then, after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Lang Ya land spirit helped Fang Yuan to relocate his assets from Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan obtained the sovereign immortal body and wanted to return to Northern Plains but he was chased down.


 In order to help Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit sent two hairy man Gu Immortals to receive him, but one of them died and the other went missing.


 It turned out that the missing hairy man Gu Immortal met with some other situation, but he was recently captured by Prince Feng Xian alive, he obtained a lot of information from this hairy man Gu Immortal and that led to the crucial clues for Fairy Zi Wei to make her deduction on Lang Ya blessed land.


 Because he knew of Lang Ya blessed land’s terrain, the Central Continent ten great ancient sects could use the immortal killer move to directly teleport Feng Jiu Ge and the rest inside.


 Le Yao frowned slightly, she asked worriedly: “Looking at the time, Feng Jiu Ge and the rest have gone inside for some time already, why are they not sending out any information? Are they in trouble?”


 Prince Feng Xian pondered: “There would be problems for sure, even if we have Lang Ya blessed land’s information and took the initiative, this is still the number one blessed land in the world originating from Long Hair Ancestor, it had unfathomable foundations, they would definitely possess certain trump cards.”


 Le Yao frowned even more deeply now: “Central Continent only sent a number of rank seven Gu Immortals into Lang Ya blessed land, isn’t that too... overconfident?”


 Prince Feng Xian laughed: “That is because you are unfamiliar with Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “Oh?” Le Yao was surprised.


 Prince Feng Xian looked afar as he sighed deeply: “I am a person considered to be enormously blessed with talent, I started cultivating when I was thirteen, I became rank four when I was sixteen, I reached rank five peak stage at eighteen. After accepting the sect mission, I went to Northern Plains to develop. After spending three years, I became a rank six Gu Immortal and all my tribulations after that were successful. I roamed Northern Plains and joined Gong tribe, after a hundred years, I became rank eight, even though I was treading on thin ice, who in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world could expose my true identity?”


 “I had once been extremely prideful and arrogant, because I did not depend on the sect’s support, I worked hard and made use of opportunities and different forces to reach rank eight! Until one day, I met Feng Jiu Ge, I realized I was deeply inferior. Compared to me, he is the true supreme genius, his talent is so great it dominates this entire era!”


 Le Yao was extremely astounded.


 Among the higher-ups of Spirit Affinity House, there was the saying of ‘Northern Feng and Central Feng, both soar in the sky as Spirit Affinity’s pride’, they were talking about the rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian and the rank seven Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge.


 Spirit Affinity House knew about Prince Feng Xian’s supreme elder status, they felt that Spirit Affinity House would be in the hands of Feng Jiu Ge and Prince Feng Xian in the future.


 They placed these two on the same level, but Prince Feng Xian was a rank eight with great strength, while Feng Jiu Ge was famous due to his potential.


 Placing a rank seven Gu Immortal on the same level as their rank eight master, Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan were once indignant about it, even Prince Feng Xian was not happy, he sent a letter and questioned the top supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House.


 But as time passed, Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan gradually reached a new opinion regarding this matter.


 As for Prince Feng Xian’s change in mentality, it was because he had fought with Feng Jiu Ge.


 A number of years ago, when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had just collapsed, Feng Jiu Ge led the Central Continent Gu Immortals to find out the truth in Northern Plains. As the biggest card of Spirit Affinity House in Northern Plains, Prince Feng Xian secretly met with Feng Jiu Ge.


 Because of this meeting, both of them sparred. The results were shocking, even though Prince Feng Xian did not use his full strength, he only ended with a draw against Feng Jiu Ge!


 Thinking about that scene where they fought, Prince Feng Xian sighed deeply: “Feng Jiu Ge having rank eight battle strength isn’t the thing that shocked me, what truly moved me was that immortal killer move that he used! This is an unprecedented creation, nobody in history has ever achieved such a feat.”


 “What immortal killer move?” Le Yao asked.


 Prince Feng Xian had a solemn expression, he said slowly: “Feng Jiu Ge named it — Assimilation Wind Song.”


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Feng Jiu Ge took a deep breath, separation song was useless, at this point, he only had one method left.


 He would not use this move unless necessary.


 Because once activated, not only would the risks be huge, the process would be dangerous and cause immense damage, there would be reduced gains after battle, Feng Jiu Ge had always used it cautiously.


 But now, he had to admit this, he was forced into a corner.


 He had obtained a lot of intel about Lang Ya blessed land from Fairy Zi Wei. But after fighting, he realized that Lang Ya blessed land’s strength greatly exceeded his expectations!


 Not just this super Gu formation, but also those Gu Immortals hidden inside the immortal formation, as well as the killer move complete silence.


 Feng Jiu Ge knew that Lang Ya Sect had an immortal killer move that countered sound path, it was called silent world.


 But he did not know that Fang Yuan had specially modified this move into an even stronger version, complete silence!


 Feng Jiu Ge had defensive methods against silent world, but against complete silence which was many times stronger, he was left without options.


 Immortal killer move — Assimilation Wind Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge dodged left and right, fighting for an opportunity to use the strongest offensive method that he had ever created in his life.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Intense winds blew, the world went through a transformation!


 This was not golden wind, Luo Po wind, willow wind, immortal wind, profound eerie wind, star galaxy wind, or fan door wind.


 Once this wind appeared, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, the hairy man Gu Immortals were also deeply shocked, while the other variant human Gu Immortals were tongue-tied!


 These were the winds of assimilation!


 The number one wind in the world capable of assimilating everything, few methods could counter it.


 When immortal apertures were destroyed, this wind would blow.


 “How can this be the winds of assimilation? This is impossible!” Some hairy man Gu Immortals lost their composure and screamed.


 “Unbelievable, a person can actually control the winds of assimilation?!” Bing Zhuo was so shocked his eyes were about to pop out, his cold demeanor had completely melted.


 In human historical records, nobody had ever been able to manipulate the winds of assimilation personally. But now, this record was broken, Feng Jiu Ge became the first person throughout history to do so!


 He could actually unleash the winds of assimilation!!


 Feng Jiu Ge had seven songs currently, obtain treasure song and towards heaven song were used to assist his cultivation; green jade song, heaven and earth song, submission song, and separation song were his trump cards that he reserved for major fights. The final one was assimilation wind song, he would not use it unless necessary.


 If he failed to activate this move, Feng Jiu Ge would be the first one to be destroyed by the winds of assimilation, it was extremely vicious.


 Many of his songs could be turned into clones through song warrior, but this assimilation wind song could not, it was the most special one!


 This move was too powerful, it turned the battle around instantly.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were helpless, they were flustered.


 Because ordinary methods would be assimilated by the winds of assimilation and turned into fuel to make it even stronger and larger.


 “Lang Ya blessed land is the number one blessed land in the world, but against this wind, it will likely be destroyed!” A rockman Gu Immortal said in despair.


 “It will not!!” Lang Ya land spirit screamed, he knew he had to stabilize the morale of his side.


 He screamed: “These really are the winds of assimilation, assimilation wind song! I did not believe it when Fang Yuan told me about it, but the truth is in front of me, I need to trust him!”


 “Everyone, don’t worry, we have a way to deal with the wind!”


 “What? Fang Yuan could even have information about such a secret?” The other Gu Immortals heard this and felt hopeful.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan, who also had rank eight battle strength, played a crucial role despite being away, he stabilized the morale of Lang Ya land spirit’s forces.


 Fang Yuan had memories of the future, he knew about the ferocity of this move, during the five regions chaotic war, Feng Jiu Ge had used this move to slaughter countless beings and it was deeply feared, thus he had already told Lang Ya land spirit about it. Even when he fought against Feng Jiu Ge earlier, he was deeply cautious of this move.


 This move was very powerful but it also had major flaws, for example, Fang Yuan could dodge it if he used it in the five regions’ world.


 But in this situation, the winds of assimilation had started blowing in Lang Ya blessed land, the land spirit had to resolve it as soon as possible.


 What method could actually resist the winds of assimilation?



***
Chapter 1547 - Lang Ya is Helpless, Jiu Ge Dominates


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Come, true stability branch transformation!” Against the winds of assimilation, Lang Ya land spirit growled as he used an immortal killer move.


 Once this move was used, the silver giant underwent a huge transformation.


 The huge human shaped body turned into a huge heavenly tree, its trunk was silvery-white, it had countless branches and leaves that resembled silver carvings, it was extremely dazzling as the leaves clashed with each other and created sharp sounds.


 The branches and leaves grew rapidly and faced the winds of assimilation.


 The winds of assimilation which were rampaging everywhere were obstructed by the huge tree, their speed of growth shrunk by half!


 “This?!”


 “The winds of assimilation were actually stopped!”


 “Unbelievable! Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation is truly unfathomable!”


 The snowman, inkman, and rockman Gu Immortals saw this and felt overjoyed.


 “Oh? This is... true stability tree?” The flash of red and white light that shot out of the winds of assimilation was Feng Jiu Ge.


 Even though he created assimilation wind song and could create the winds of assimilation, once it was used, Feng Jiu Ge would need to leave the center. Otherwise, when it spreads and fills up the space, Feng Jiu Ge would die.


 Feng Jiu Ge could only summon the winds of assimilation, he could not manipulate it. He had tried to control it, but any method used on the winds of assimilation would cause it to become stronger as they get assimilated.


 Feng Jiu Ge had immortal killer move song warrior, he could turn heaven and earth song, separation song, and the others into clones, but assimilation wind song could not be turned into a clone.


 Feng Jiu Ge was far away from the battlefield, Lang Ya land spirit and the rest were busy dealing with the winds of assimilation, they could not bother with him.


 “This is indeed true stability tree, to think that they could really counter the winds of assimilation.” Feng Jiu Ge watched from afar as bright light shone in his eyes.


 This true stability tree was a legendary immemorial desolate plant, it was famous in history. It had existed since before Ren Zu’s birth, the Immemorial Antiquity Era, it lived through the Remote Antiquity Era, Olden Antiquity Era, and died in the hands of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable during the Medieval Antiquity Era.


 This tree had many wild Immortal Gu, among which were several rank eight Immortal Gu. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was only rank eight back then, when he was traveling in Eastern Sea, there was a huge tsunami that caused great harm to the world, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s Immortal Gu could not stop this flood, he had to borrow two rank eight Immortal Gu, Peaceful Wind and Silent Wave, from the true stability tree.


 But this legendary immemorial desolate plant had great status and strength, it refused to lend them to Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. In Genesis Lotus’ rage, he fought against the true stability tree and killed it, retrieving the Gu to stop the flood and saving countless lives in the end.


 Even though Genesis Lotus killed the true stability tree, he praised it immensely. After becoming venerable, he sighed occasionally: it was a pity that he had to kill the tree back then. This tree was unique in the world, it had the latent ability to counter the winds of assimilation!


 Fang Yuan was reborn and knew of Feng Jiu Ge’s assimilation wind song. This move was shocking in the five regions chaotic war and killed countless Gu Immortals. Thus, many Gu Immortals tried to find ways to expose its weakness and stop it.


 There was no unstoppable move in this world, there were only unstoppable people.


 Even though assimilation wind song was powerful, it was just a move, it could be countered.


 Western Desert’s rank eight Gu Immortal Thousand Transformations Ancestor tried to find its fundamental flaw and sought help from a rank eight time path great expert, they saw the power of the true stability tree in the River of Time, after returning, he created the transformation path killer move, true stability transformation!


 This move could restrict the winds of assimilation.


 At that time, Feng Jiu Ge was only rank seven, but he could make rank eight Gu Immortals research on how to deal with his move, it showed how powerful assimilation wind song was.


 Fang Yuan remembered this matter, he prepared in advance thinking about how Feng Jiu Ge attacked Lang Ya blessed land in his previous life, to deal with this strongest move, he used the light of wisdom and his transformation path attainment level to deduce true stability branch transformation.


 This move was the simplified version of true stability transformation, but the current assimilation wind song that Feng Jiu Ge had was not the complete version that he used during the five regions chaotic war.


 Thus, after using this move, Lang Ya land spirit turned the silver giant into a branch of the true stability tree, it managed to block the winds of assimilation.


 “Go deal with Feng Jiu Ge, don’t let him act freely. After I deal with the winds of assimilation, I will go and help you to kill him!” Lang Ya land spirit instructed, ordering the Gu Immortals of the three variant human races.


 The variant human Gu Immortals responded as they used the super Gu formation to attack Feng Jiu Ge.


 Lang Ya land spirit was covered in sweat, he spent all his effort to sustain the killer move and deal with the winds of assimilation.


 He sighed bitterly to himself: “Fang Yuan taught me this move, but I found it too troublesome and did not practise much. To think that Feng Jiu Ge would really attack and use it against me! Sigh, if I knew this, I would have practised this move even more.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was completely restricted by the winds of assimilation, he was barely holding on. Countless branches were destroyed when they interacted with the wind, but at the same time, new branches grew.


 This move that could stop the winds of assimilation had a huge price to use, it expended a lot of immortal essence and the mental energy of the Gu Immortals sustaining it.


 Soon, many hairy man Gu Immortals inside the giant silver tree became weak and mentally exhausted.


 “Persevere, we must persevere!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted in encouragement.


 “Lord, why can’t we give up a piece of the blessed land?” A hairy man Gu Immortal asked.


 Lang Ya land spirit could naturally give up a portion of Lang Ya blessed land, that would prevent the winds of assimilation from affecting them.


 Compared to the entire Lang Ya blessed land, that small piece of land was really nothing.


 “No!” Lang Ya land spirit rejected immediately, he thought of Fang Yuan’s words as he explained: “If we do that, we will fall into their trap. Cutting off a piece of the blessed land means we will have to connect to the outside world, we would need to open the blessed land’s entrance, that would allow the enemies to find out our location! We cannot do that!!”


 “Hmm? This Lang Ya land spirit would rather pay this huge price to deal with the winds of assimilation than give up a piece of the blessed land?” Feng Jiu Ge was surprised.


 If Lang Ya land spirit did that, clues would be leaked, Prince Feng Xian, who was outside, would be able to notice it. The situation would be stabilized then.


 With the rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian’s help, these hairy man Gu Immortals could not stop them.


 But Lang Ya land spirit desperately held on and refused to do that, Feng Jiu Ge’s plan could not succeed.


 Crack.


 An intense lightning appeared out of nowhere, landing on Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge moved like a trail of smoke, he vanished on the spot, evading the attack.


 He looked at the sky as he thought rapidly: “Heavenly Giant Solor is restricted by the winds of assimilation, only the super immortal formation is left. It is easier to deal with than the silver giant.”


 Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge activated separation song as the immortal formation started to break apart.


 Even though separation song had no offensive power, it had an incredible effect, it could break up any Gu formation.


 But thankfully, when Fang Yuan designed it, he had considered it and created many layers in the immortal formation.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s separation song only broke up the outermost layer of this super Gu formation, the variant human Gu Immortals were at the center of the formation, they were safe.


 Feng Jiu Ge had to use separation song again and broke up the second layer.


 But the third layer appeared after that.


 “Oh? I want to see how many layers this immortal formation has!” Bright light shone in Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes, he activated separation song continuously, after breaking up six layers, he stopped.


 Even the powerful Feng Jiu Ge wanted to vomit blood now.


 “How many layers are there?!”


 Separation song expended a lot of immortal essence, after several uses, Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal essence storage was less than thirty percent.


 Of course, his greatest expenditure was in assimilation wind song.


 “Assimilation wind song can match the effect of countless separation songs, but the risk is too high...” Feng Jiu Ge shook his head, he dispelled the notion of using this move again.


 Even though it was powerful, it was risky, Feng Jiu Ge rarely used it.


 Back then, when he fought against Prince Feng Xian, even though he used it, that was in a spar. Prince Feng Xian had written to Spirit Affinity House that he was unhappy to be placed at the same level as Feng Jiu Ge, it created huge political pressure on Feng Jiu Ge. When Feng Jiu Ge went to Northern Plains, he met with Prince Feng Xian and suggested a single-move spar. In that battle, he had sufficient time to slowly activate his Gu worms without any outside interference, the risk was very low.


 But right now, Feng Jiu Ge was in the middle of battle, there were many interferences, he needed to use his killer moves rapidly, earlier, he had taken the risk because there was no other choice. Against the super immortal formation now, he felt less pressure and necessity to use it.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not use assimilation wind song, he looked around, the giant silver tree was still dealing with the winds of assimilation, it had already been reduced by half its size.


 After some time, Lang Ya’s side would be able to dispel the wind and find time to deal with Feng Jiu Ge.


 “There is little time.” Feng Jiu Ge sighed.


 Heavenly Giant Solor had both offense and defense, even the winds of assimilation could not affect it, if Feng Jiu Ge attacked the giant tree now, it would be futile.


 Lang Ya blessed land had shown great strength in this battle, far out of Heavenly Court’s expectations, Feng Jiu Ge already had the intention to retreat.


 “Before leaving, there is something I must do.”


 He smiled as he activated an investigative immortal killer move, moving rapidly like light. In the blink of an eye, he crossed a huge distance, appearing in front of Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 “Come with me.” Before Gu Yue Fang Zheng responded, Feng Jiu Ge suppressed and sent him into his immortal aperture.


 “And this place too!” Feng Jiu Ge flew in the air, seeing Dang Hun Mountain at a certain area of Cloud Cover Continent.


 “Come!” He activated his immortal killer move that had been prepared, he kept this secluded domain of heaven and earth in his own immortal aperture.


 “These cloud cities are all mortal Gu Houses, but there are many hairy man elites living in them, they are all Gu Immortal seeds of Lang Ya Sect. Good, good, they are all mine!” Next, Feng Jiu Ge struck and stored a lot of Cloud Cover Continent’s cloud cities.


 While he was doing this, he was attacked by the super immortal formation, but this formation had lost many layers due to Feng Jiu Ge, its power was greatly reduced.


 As for Heavenly Giant Solor, it was restricted by the winds of assimilation, if it tried to leave, the winds of assimilation would grow stronger instantly, Lang Ya land spirit’s hard work would be completely wasted, it could not stop him.


 “What aura is this?!” While moving unhindered, Feng Jiu Ge found the aura of wisdom Gu as he felt immensely shocked.


 He soon arrived in front of wisdom Gu, Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk from shock: “If I was not seeing this personally, I would not believe it. This is a rank nine wisdom Gu?!”



***
Chapter 1548 - Paradise Earth Inheritor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even Feng Jiu Ge was dazed when he saw wisdom Gu.


 This was wisdom Gu!


 It was written in >, it was the vital Immortal Gu of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it was known to nearly every living person, to think that in this time and place, it would appear before Feng Jiu Ge!


 “Lang Ya blessed land actually has wisdom Gu!” Feng Jiu Ge was deeply shocked, he could not control himself.


 But soon, he forced himself to calm down.


 His eyes burst with bright light, he closely inspected the wisdom Gu before him, finding out that this rank nine wisdom Gu was actually wild!


 A thought completely engulfed Feng Jiu Ge’s mind, that was — take this rank nine wisdom Gu away!


 Immortal killer move — Obtain Treasure Song.


 He activated this killer move with unprecedented force, erupting with rank eight might.


 Obtain treasure song was able to help Feng Jiu Ge refine wild Immortal Gu directly, the song was warm and kind, filled with a peaceful aura.


 As he sang, the wisdom Gu that was fluttering between the tree branches became still.


 “Rank nine wisdom Gu?!” The variant human Gu Immortals who were controlling the super Gu formation were shocked.


 Wisdom Gu was originally hidden in this valley by Lang Ya land spirit, the variant human Gu Immortals of the three races were outsiders, they were not informed of it.


 But now, Feng Jiu Ge destroyed this area, wisdom Gu was exposed, they noticed it.


 “We cannot let him obtain wisdom Gu! Quickly disrupt him!” Lang Ya land spirit screamed as he ordered in anxiety.


 Next, he added: “But be careful, don’t destroy wisdom Gu!”


 Even without his reminder, the variant human Gu Immortals from the three races knew how important this rank nine Immortal Gu was.


 But now, to disrupt Feng Jiu Ge while not affecting the wisdom Gu close by, they needed intense control and it was quite difficult for these variant human Gu Immortals who had just started using this immortal formation.


 The variant human Gu Immortals had to forcefully manipulate the immortal formation as they attacked Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge grunted as he used song warrior.


 The obtain treasure song warrior flew towards wisdom Gu, while the other song warriors helped Feng Jiu Ge to block the attacks of the immortal formation.


 The variant human Gu Immortals attacked with excessive force that implicated wisdom Gu, but Feng Jiu Ge would block them and defend wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu sensed danger, its survival instinct made it fly away.


 Obtain treasure song warrior followed behind it but could not produce any effects.


 Feng Jiu Ge saw this, his heart sank. Wisdom Gu was rank nine, even though obtain treasure song was good, it was only rank eight, it could not affect wisdom Gu.


 “If I cannot get it, should I destroy it?” This thought emerged in Feng Jiu Ge’s mind before he denied it.


 This was rank nine wisdom Gu, destroying it was a big waste.


 And this Immortal Gu was formally the vital Gu of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, if he could get it, it would greatly benefit Feng Jiu Ge, the Central Continent ten great ancient sects, as well as Heavenly Court.


 Feng Jiu Ge was unresigned, he did not want to give up.


 “Don’t go.” Feng Jiu Ge pounced at wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu flew rapidly, but Feng Jiu Ge pursued it endlessly.


 Wisdom Gu felt the threat of Feng Jiu Ge as it buzzed, emitting a strong light.


 The light of wisdom.


 Feng Jiu Ge was unavoidably covered by this light of wisdom, instantly, countless thoughts appeared in his mind and collided, his intelligence surged, his gaze became incredibly sharp.


 All of the questions and difficulties he had in cultivation were all resolving, even though he did not get immediate answers, many crucial bottlenecks were easily broken through.


 “Oh no!” Feng Jiu Ge was a legendary figure after all, after several breaths of time in the light of wisdom, he sensed something amiss. He bit his tongue as he forced himself to snap out of it and retreated.


 After leaving the light of wisdom, he watched the escaping wisdom Gu with lingering fear.


 “What an amazing wisdom Gu, after this short period, I already lost so much lifespan!” A strand of Feng Jiu Ge’s hair had turned white.


 “My mission here is to capture Gu Yue Fang Zheng and reclaim Dang Hun Mountain, these were all instructed by Fairy Zi Wei. But to think that the rank nine wisdom Gu was hiding here! I already tried my best, but I cannot bring this Gu away. Lang Ya blessed land is also incapable of refining this wisdom Gu, otherwise, they would have done that already!”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s thoughts moved rapidly.


 Immortal Gu were unique.


 A wild Immortal Gu had deep attraction to any Gu Immortal.


 And it was a rank nine wild Immortal Gu in front of Feng Jiu Ge.


 And most importantly, this Immortal Gu was actually wisdom Gu!


 “If they refined wisdom Gu, I would not be able to snatch it. But now, it is wild. I need to go back and inform Heavenly Court and the sect about this. The next time we attack Lang Ya blessed land, we must get this Gu!”


 Feng Jiu Ge breathed in deeply, he looked at wisdom Gu which was already at the edge of his vision with lingering desire as he used an immortal killer move.


 This immortal killer move that used rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel as the core was called, ‘human come human go’, it was created by the space path great expert Liang Liang. Feng Jiu Ge was not familiar with this move, but it had an incredible effect.


 Once activated, not only could it transport people to anywhere in the world, they could also return the same way back. The first half was hard, but the second half was extremely easy.


 Liang Liang had already activated this successfully, Feng Jiu Ge was only completing the second half with ease.


 Swoosh.


 With a soft sound, Feng Jiu Ge vanished.


 After a few breaths of time, Lang Ya land spirit mobilized the silver giant and arrived.


 “Damn it, Feng Jiu Ge, you actually ran away! Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, I won’t let you off!” Lang Ya land spirit looked at the tattered Lang Ya blessed land as he shouted angrily, roaring.


 Southern Border, inside the immortal battlefield killer move.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply.


 Three lifetimes were over, but Fang Yuan was not reformed.


 “I was wrong!”


 “I thought that this Fang Yuan was a heartless person or was filled with hatred and rage, that was the reason for his evil actions.”


 “But the truth is, he has abundant emotions, he does not lack anything. Even though he pursues strength, he is not obsessed with it.”


 “What drives him to do this is his goal. This goal is deeply ingrained in his heart, not only three lifetimes, even after a hundred lifetimes, it cannot be eradicated.”


 “This person cannot be reformed.”


 “Master...” Ye Fan muttered lightly.


 At this time, not just him, even Shang Xin Ci and the rest, including Tie Mian Shen and the other Gu Immortals had woken up.


 Everyone was in a daze after three lifetimes, they were savoring the mystical feeling behind it.


 Lu Wei Yin looked around as his gaze paused on Shang Xin Ci for a moment.


 Her eyes were red, she almost cried, her sadness was evident. She had been emotionally connected to Fang Yuan during the three lifetimes.


 Lu Wei Yin nodded secretly, saying to everyone: “I failed, this demon cannot be stopped, he is about to break out of the killer move and escape, let’s go.”


 Ye Fan was shocked: “Master, we have the clear advantage.”


 Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly: “I’ve already tried my best, let’s go.”


 The mortal Gu Masters were confused, but Tie Mian Shen and the two Yi clan Gu Immortals had their suspicions.


 Tie Mian Shen asked directly: “Senior’s surname is Lu, and you are skilled in earth path, are you the inheritor of Paradise Earth’s true inheritance?”


 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “That’s me.”


 “So it was like that.” Yi clan’s Gu Immortals sighed, they paid their respects and greeted Lu Wei Yin.


 At the same time, they no longer had any suspicions towards Lu Wei Yin’s words.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not have a single offensive method, his Paradise Earth true inheritance was the same. Lu Wei Yin was skilled at trapping and reforming enemies, this was the specialty of Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 Among the ten venerables, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the kindest and most merciful, he singlehandedly healed the world and stopped the chaos after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s rule.


 But for some reason, this Immortal Venerable did not choose to go to Heavenly Court, he stayed in Southern Border and even left his Paradise Earth true inheritance here.



***
Chapter 1549 - Soul Explosion!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 In the silver sky, amidst countless buildings.


 Jade light shone, Feng Jiu Ge appeared in Zi Wei’s palace.


 “Greetings to Lady Zi Wei.” Feng Jiu Ge instantly regained awareness of his surroundings, he cupped his fists.


 In the grand palace, Fairy Zi Wei sat on her cloud bed as she turned to look at Feng Jiu Ge, slowly opening her eyes.


 At an instant, boundless starlight shot out of her pupils, dazzling light filled the entire hall.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not speak, an information path Gu worm flew out as Fairy Zi Wei received it, she understood what happened after looking into it.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you are indeed the Dao Guardian of Great Dream Immortal Venerable. You did well.” Fairy Zi Wei praised.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “This is Gu Yue Fang Zheng.”


 Saying so, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, taking out the captive.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s eyes were shut, he was affected by Feng Jiu Ge’s method and had fallen asleep. as for the will of Fang Yuan that was in him, Feng Jiu Ge suppressed it.


 Feng Jiu Ge placed Fang Zheng on the ground as he sighed: “I already searched his soul, that Fang Yuan is a demon indeed, he is completely heartless and cruel, he wants to refine his own brother into Blood Deity. But I do not understand, he is only a mortal, even though he is related to Fang Yuan, why do you place so much importance in him?”


 Fairy Zi Wei said slowly: “The way of heaven is to be balanced, yin and yang intertwine, the area around the cave of poisonous animals usually has plants that can act as antidotes to the poison. This Gu Yue Fang Zheng was born together with Fang Yuan, he is an obstacle specially set by heaven against Fang Yuan. If he is nurtured well, he will be useful in dealing with Fang Yuan in the future.”


 “I see.” Feng Jiu Ge nodded.


 “It is a pity.” Fairy Zi Wei said as she searched Fang Zheng’s soul, she sighed: “Fang Yuan actually did not refine Blood Deity and continue his blood path cultivation. Otherwise, I would be able to use the Demon Judgment Board to find his location. In my opinion, Fang Yuan has not noticed that his blood path cultivation in his previous life was a trap by heaven’s will. He did not cultivate blood path now probably due to the protection of his luck.”


 “Fate Gu has not been repaired, the power of luck path is greatly amplified, it is very obvious. You were able to succeed and return this time because of your status as a Dao Guardian, your luck is strong and is not suppressed by Fang Yuan.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “How will we deal with Dang Hun Mountain? What about the wisdom Gu inside Lang Ya blessed land?”


 “Take it out.” Fairy Zi Wei smiled.


 Feng Jiu Ge was dazed, he took out Dang Hun Mountain from his immortal aperture.


 This pink crystal mountain was originally huge, but after entering Zi Wei Palace, it was suppressed into palm-size and was tiny and delicate looking.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable rampaged in the world and slaughtered countless beings, he created soul path. Heavenly Court was the leader of the righteous path, before Spectral Soul became venerable, they sensed his threat and fought against him, they understood each other well.


 After Spectral Soul died, soul path continued developing, even though Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed it, Heavenly Court still had an incredibly profound grasp of soul path methods. In fact, Heavenly Court had many soul path Gu Immortals.


 There were a vast number of soul path dao marks on Dang Hun Mountain, it was the soul path secluded domain of heaven and earth. Since Fairy Zi Wei could give Feng Jiu Ge the method to retrieve it, she naturally had an even more profound method to shrink it entirely.


 Fairy Zi Wei stretched her arm out as Dang Hun Mountain floated towards her lightly.


 “Amazing, amazing.” Fairy Zi Wei looked at it in amazement, she nodded happily: “With this mountain, we will have an endless supply of guts Gu, Jin Huang will benefit from it, her dream realm exploration will go very smoothly.”


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled, he was very happy that he could help his daughter.


 “As for wisdom Gu...” Fairy Zi Wei thought about it: “I must obtain this Gu, Jiu Ge, you can go and rest, I will need to plan this thoroughly.”


 If they attacked Lang Ya blessed land again, the other party would be very alert, they would prepare amply, Fang Yuan might even have returned already, Fairy Zi Wei needed to plan.


 “Yes.” Feng Jiu Ge took his leave, getting out of Zi Wei Palace and out of Heavenly Court, going back to Spirit Affinity House.


 Fairy Zi Wei also left Zi Wei Palace, she held onto Dang Hun Mountain as she moved all the way into a dark hall.


 Three large words were carved on the plaque on the door of this hall — Soul Suppression Hall!


 It was the rank eight Immortal Gu House that imprisoned Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled as she carried Dang Hun Mountain and went in front of Spectral Soul.


 “Oh Demon Venerable, look what this is?” Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly, she asked.


 Spectral Soul was completely silent.


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “Truly stubborn and incorrigible! However... I did not bring this mountain here to stir your determination. I know you have used this mountain before, you had cultivated on it in the past. I have this move that can stir your mind as long as I have something closely related to you, I can draw out all your related memories.”


 Spectral Soul was still silent.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s smile faded, lightning flashed in her eyes.


 All along, she had been troubled by Spectral Soul’s stubbornness, she wanted to excavate his precious memories, but there was little progress.


 Now that she had Dang Hun Mountain, Fairy Zi Wei found a great opportunity, she wanted to use it on Spectral Soul now!


 At the next moment, the immortal killer move activated, the whole of Soul Suppression Hall buzzed as intense lights shone.


 The light shone on Dang Hun Mountain as they also shrouded over Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul resisted but this move was very powerful, his memories related to Dang Hun Mountain were drawn out and shown before Fairy Zi Wei.


 When young Spectral Soul found Dang Hun Mountain by chance, he was shocked and intensely happy...


 After many hurdles, he finally obtained Dang Hun Mountain, he cultivated in secrecy...


 Spectral Soul thought about it hard and finally found a way to move Dang Hun Mountain, after some more hurdles, he stored this mountain for his own use...


 Spectral Soul created soul path and gradually found more use for Dang Hun Mountain, it was no longer used for guts Gu creation solely. He created Dang Hun formation, he could use the vast amount of soul path dao marks on this mountain to give the immortal Gu formation incredible might...


 “Oh? There is a Dang Hun immortal formation, why didn’t Fang Yuan set it up? Did he think it is safe inside Lang Ya blessed land or did this formation require too many Immortal Gu?” Fairy Zi Wei saw this and felt suspicious.


 But soon, her suspicions were answered, it turned out that after using Dang Hun Mountain as part of the formation, it could no longer create guts Gu.


 Fairy Zi Wei continued to watch.


 Scenes concerning Dang Hun Mountain were shown, displaying Spectral Soul’s cultivation journey. Even though most were useless, some contained important cultivation information, even Heavenly Court could gain greatly from them.


 When Spectral Soul became venerable, he placed Dang Hun Mountain inside City Well and used an immortal killer move to modify Dang Hun Mountain.


 This memory made Fairy Zi Wei’s heart shake.


 “This orderly well killer move is amazing! City Well is a rule path secluded domain of heaven and earth, using it, he could actually remove the conflict between Dang Hun Mountain’s soul path dao marks and external time path dao marks. This must be the profundity that led to the origin of sovereign immortal fetus Gu.”


 Fairy Zi Wei had already deduced some special effects of sovereign immortal fetus Gu. After all, Fang Yuan fought many times, he exposed many precious clues.


 She was not wrong!


 The reason why sovereign immortal fetus Gu could have non-conflicting dao marks was because of City Well, and the killer move orderly well.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable paid a huge price to modify Dang Hun Mountain, but it was worth it. After that, he could use time path immortal killer moves to restore the mountain easily.


 The following memories were the immortal killer moves that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable deduced using Dang Hun Mountain.


 These immortal killer moves were very terrifying and powerful, but they would damage the mountain itself. Once in a while, Spectral Soul would use time path methods to restore Dang Hun Mountain back to normal.


 “These methods are truly amazing, someone who was able to become a Demon Venerable truly had heaven-shaking talent!” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes were shining with bright light, she praised continuously.


 These immortal killer moves were precious cultivation information that could greatly help Heavenly Court.


 Especially when they had just obtained Dang Hun Mountain, these immortal killer moves were all usable.


 Among these killer moves, there was one move that Fairy Zi Wei placed great attention on.


 “This move can actually ignite Dang Hun Mountain and create a terrifying soul explosion. Any living being’s soul can be ignited and create a soul explosion. The soul explosion of soul beasts usually have incredible might, but the soul explosion of Dang Hun Mountain would surpass limits, using this mountain’s soul path dao marks to ignite the mountain is truly ingenious. Hmm! Wait...”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s pupils shrunk, she noticed something amiss!


 Boom!!!


 At the next moment, a shocking explosion occurred, the entirety of Dang Hun Mountain was blown to smithereens.


 Be it Fairy Zi Wei or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they were both within range of this terrifying explosion!



***
Chapter 1550 - Discussing Compensation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Myriad dragon!


 Dragon roars reverberated throughout the air, the whole immortal battlefield was destroyed, silver scales shone as Fang Yuan shot out like lightning.


 The moment he escaped, he received large numbers of messages requesting aid.


 “What? Lang Ya blessed land was attacked by Heavenly Court? It was led by Feng Jiu Ge?” Fang Yuan was stunned.


 He was trapped by Lu Wei Yin temporarily, but at the same time, Lang Ya blessed land was suddenly attacked by Heavenly Court; if one said that there was no connection between the two, even ghosts would not believe it!


 “Oh? They have already been defeated? Many Central Continent Gu Immortals died, while only Feng Jiu Ge returned alive?” Fang Yuan looked at the message sent by Lang Ya land spirit, then looked at Sixth Hair’s message.


 Sixth Hair was a spy placed in Lang Ya Sect by Shadow Sect. He was on Fang Yuan’s side and his message was the most trustworthy.


 From Sixth Hair’s message, Fang Yuan quickly understood the whole matter.


 “So Feng Jiu Ge saw the situation not going in his favor and retreated on his own initiative...”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined sharply, but this was not the place for him to ponder about this. Rank eight Gu Immortals of Southern Border’s righteous path forces might even be rushing towards here now.


 Fang Yuan immediately retreated and on the way, he directly activated his prearranged methods and flagrantly detonated Dang Hun Mountain!


 “Hehe, Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, they clearly planned a long time for this. Methods like pulling mountain are not common, but Feng Jiu Ge could directly take away Dang Hun Mountain, this is a scheme to cripple my foundation. But unfortunately... how could my Dang Hun Mountain be seized so easily?”


 Fang Yuan put Dang Hun Mountain in Lang Ya blessed land. On one hand, it was to show his sincerity in their collaboration and make Lang Ya Sect actively manage guts Gu business, saving him time and effort, on the other hand, it was also because Fang Yuan had left behind preventive measures and was not afraid of Lang Ya Sect or any other Gu Immortals taking Dang Hun Mountain.


 While flying rapidly, Fang Yuan put his attention into his immortal aperture.


 Landscape as Before!


 He activated the rank six Immortal Gu on a large piece of mountain rock.


 This mountain rock was a piece of Dang Hun Mountain, it was stored by Fang Yuan long ago.


 Right now, Dang Hun Mountain’s main body had already self-detonated, this mountain rock was the only remaining piece of Dang Hun Mountain in the world.


 As Fang Yuan used Landscape as Before, this mountain rock started to slowly expand, beginning to grow towards the complete Dang Hun Mountain.


 “Secluded domains of heaven and earth are like Immortal Gu, unique in their existence. Dang Hun Mountain was modified by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in the past, now, under the illumination of Landscape as Before, this Dang Hun Mountain rock can definitely restore the complete Dang Hun Mountain.”


 Fang Yuan was extremely confident.


 Dang Hun Mountain might have been seized, but he had not lost it, in time, Dang Hun Mountain will be back in his hands.


 But this process was going to take a long time.


 Landscape as Before was only rank six after all, while Dang Hun Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth that was akin to a rank nine Immortal Gu. And the size of this mountain rock that Fang Yuan had left behind was countless times smaller than the whole of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Heavenly Court had plotted for a long time with Feng Jiu Ge personally leading the attack, Fang Yuan’s overall losses were significant.


 First of all, he was not able to take back the upper extreme heavenly eagle, secondly, Dang Hun Mountain was destroyed for the moment and restoring it would take time and a huge amount of immortal essence, finally, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was captured, which means Fang Yuan’s blood deity cultivation plan was halted.


 Fortunately, wisdom Gu was neither captured nor destroyed.


 The situation was actually dangerous at that time.


 If Feng Jiu Ge was set on destroying wisdom Gu, it had little hope of surviving on its own.


 But Feng Jiu Ge did not strike a fatal move the entire time.


 This made Fang Yuan feel a sense of joy, but at the same time, it also meant Heavenly Court’s following attacks would be incessant. Feng Jiu Ge retreated on his own accord, which also signified Heavenly Court was definitely going to make another attack!


 But when were they going to attack? During the next attack, who would Heavenly Court send? What kind of method would they use?


 These were all issues to think about.


 Fang Yuan landed in an ordinary valley.


 He was already far away from the battlefield, and had been very careful on his way. He should be safe for now.


 Fang Yuan concealed his aura and hid himself, he then set up warning Gu formations before sitting cross-legged and shutting his eyes as he started making deductions.


 After a while, he opened his eyes, he was already aware of the whole matter as if he had personally experienced the battle between Lang Ya Sect and Feng Jiu Ge.


 “It is certain that Fixed Immortal Travel is with Heavenly Court, it seems to have been raised to rank seven. It even has a set of immortal killer moves...”


 Any changes in Lang Ya blessed land could not escape Lang Ya land spirit’s observation. The scene of Feng Jiu Ge’s group suddenly appearing was engraved in Lang Ya land spirit’s mind, this along with similar clues were all sent to Fang Yuan.


 With sufficient clues along with his wisdom path attainment, Fang Yuan immediately understood how Feng Jiu Ge suddenly attacked Lang Ya blessed land.


 “To prevent Fixed Immortal Travel, I had already modified Dang Hun Mountain’s appearance but Feng Jiu Ge’s group appeared above the three continents. This information leak is probably related to the missing hairy man Gu Immortal.”


 “It would take some effort in changing the terrain of the three continents. Even if this is done, it might not obstruct Heavenly Court’s invasions.”


 “If I am not wrong, although the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals did not succeed in setting up an Immortal Gu formation, just seeing how Feng Jiu Ge escaped so easily, they definitely have some measures left behind in Lang Ya blessed land.”


 All kinds of thoughts flashed rapidly in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Heavenly Court was inactive most of the time, but when they made a move, it was earth shattering! If not for Fang Yuan arranging multiple precautionary methods against this, Lang Ya blessed land, which had lost the complete Refinement Cauldron, might have already been subdued by Feng Jiu Ge.


 Fang Yuan had already made many preparations but Heavenly Court’s foundation was too abundant. Like this time, by relying on the method left by space path great expert Liang Liang, Feng Jiu Ge’s group was able to sneak in abruptly.


 An opponent like Heavenly Court was the most difficult to fight against. Because nobody knew how many more trump cards they had!


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, contacting Lang Ya land spirit.


 He informed Lang Ya land spirit of his situation, also mentioning his guess that Lu Wei Yin was very likely Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s inheritor.


 Lang Ya land spirit might still be discontented that Fang Yuan had not shown up to protect Lang Ya blessed land, but what Fang Yuan said were all truths, so Lang Ya land spirit could not easily pursue this matter.


 “Heavenly Court did not succeed this time, but they have discovered wisdom Gu, they will definitely return. Fang Yuan, you are a supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, the sect needs your strength, you should return to guard the sect.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 That was impossible!


 Lang Ya blessed land had indeed helped Fang Yuan a lot, it could also be considered as his base, but it was impossible to bind him because of this.


 The current Heavenly Court was powerful, and as long as they restored fate Immortal Gu, they would become invincible.


 If Fang Yuan stayed to guard Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court’s side would definitely have a good laugh. This was what they wanted.


 Fang Yuan would not be able to advance further if he stayed in Lang Ya blessed land. He had to go out and roam to search for cultivation resources to grow rapidly.


 Once he grew to a certain extent, Fang Yuan could then go take the Red Lotus true inheritances, no matter how much help the true inheritances provided, he had to destroy Heavenly Court’s plan of restoring fate Gu within ten years.


 Only by doing this would he not die, this was also his only way out.


 Otherwise, if he waited for fate Gu to be restored completely, almost all Gu Immortals in the world would be subjected to fate’s arrangements. How many otherworldly demons like Fang Yuan were there? Heavenly Court would once again reach the summit, at that time, Fang Yuan would have no hope of being its opponent.


 “Even if Lang Ya blessed land is breached, even if wisdom Gu is destroyed, they won’t interrupt my cultivation plan.”


 A ruthless light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Naturally, he would not say these words to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Right now, his body was bound by alliance agreements. But he had been keeping the self cleansing immortal formation activated, it was not just for show.


 “We still need to talk about compensation, right?” Fang Yuan continued with some useless banter before saying this to Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Ah!” Lang Ya land spirit’s expression immediately sank, he had made an agreement with Fang Yuan back then. If Dang Hun Mountain or wisdom Gu were lost or destroyed, he would have to compensate ten times the value.


 Wisdom Gu was not destroyed, Lang Ya land spirit let out a sigh of relief at this, but Dang Hun Mountain...


 At least for now, it was really lost!


 “You also know that if Heavenly Court obtains Dang Hun Mountain, they will have an endless supply of guts Gu, this is a huge boost to them.” Fang Yuan added pressure as he saw Lang Ya land spirit keeping silent.


 “You... no need to say this. I will compensate you, don’t worry.” Lang Ya land spirit replied.


 “I believe you, how could first supreme elder possibly go back on his words?” Fang Yuan chuckled.


 “What kind of compensation do you want?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze moved, there was a lot he wanted!



***
Chapter 1551 - Four Thousand Years Lifespan Gu!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dang Hun Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, there was only one in the five regions.


 Guts Gu produced by Dang Hun Mountain was a monopoly, as long as souls were supplied, it was an inexhaustible gold mine.


 As such, its value was enormous, Lang Ya land spirit had to compensate Fang Yuan by ten times this value.


 If this was an ordinary blessed land or even a grotto-heaven, it probably would not be able to pay such compensation even if the entire blessed land was added in. But Lang Ya blessed land had enough ability to pay this!


 Back when Fang Yuan had set this compensation agreement with Lang Ya land spirit, how could he not have considered this point?


 Lang Ya blessed land was the number one blessed land in five regions, especially after Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed. It had an extremely abundant foundation, Fang Yuan had no doubt that it was fully capable of bearing the compensation.


 Putting everything aside, Fang Yuan first mentioned wisdom Gu to Lang Ya land spirit: “I need to move wisdom Gu to my immortal aperture. So I want the method to move wisdom Gu as my first compensation.”


 This method was the core of Lang Ya Sect’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan had all along tried to obtain it, but even when both sides exchanged true inheritances, he was not able to get it.


 Lang Ya land spirit firmly kept this method to himself, he was not an idiot, if he exchanged this method with Fang Yuan, would it not mean Fang Yuan could take away wisdom Gu himself?


 Although wisdom Gu was untamed and did not belong to Lang Ya Sect, Lang Ya blessed land’s hairy man Gu Immortals had been able to take it out from Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression immediately changed.


 Fang Yuan directly mentioned this request, it was like a sharp sword that pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s heart. Lang Ya land spirit had no choice but to agree.


 What Lang Ya land spirit had been plotting all along was to attempt to control wisdom Gu by feeding it continuously with lifespan Gu. So he had been willing to part with lifespan Gu and help Fang Yuan raise wisdom Gu.


 Unfortunately, even until now, Lang Ya land spirit was not able to get his wish. His plan showed no results.


 Fang Yuan mentioning this request was the same as claiming back wisdom Gu. As such, all the investments Lang Ya land spirit made previously were in vain, and it instead seemed like he had slaved away for Fang Yuan.


 He was of course not willing to!


 But he was not able to explicitly retort.


 After all, wisdom Gu might be a wild Immortal Gu, but it was taken out of Fang Yuan’s blessed land by hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Lang Ya land spirit spoke hesitantly: “Is that... okay? Actually, if we can control wisdom Gu, we can use it as the core to construct Immortal Gu House Secluded Residence, not only can we defend ourselves, but also prevent deductions from almost everyone in the world!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “First supreme elder, your plan is good, but it is extremely difficult to materialize, do you have confidence in implementing it as quickly as possible?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was reduced to silence.


 Fang Yuan continued: “The current situation is dangerous, it is not favorable for you to protect wisdom Gu. Feng Jiu Ge has discovered wisdom Gu which means Heavenly Court is also aware of it, they absolutely won’t be willing to let it go and will attack Lang Ya blessed land again. At that time, what do we do if they seize wisdom Gu?”


 Lang Ya land spirit heaved a deep sigh.


 What Fang Yuan said was the truth, Secluded Residence was only a fantasy right now, while Heavenly Court’s attack was right in front of them.


 In fact, Lang Ya land spirit had already hidden wisdom Gu to the best of his abilities, but what could he do when Feng Jiu Ge’s investigative method was so innovative and powerful.


 Wisdom Gu had once been Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s Gu, now that it was discovered, it was clear Heavenly Court would place great importance on this. Their next attack was definitely going to be much more fierce and dangerous.


 Fang Yuan was right, but Lang Ya land spirit was not resigned to give up his plans.


 At this time, Fang Yuan added: “First supreme elder, Secluded Residence is a good idea, but it has its disadvantages. If we truly make Lang Ya blessed land into a place of absolute refuge and peace, would the hairy man Gu Immortals still have motivation to actively cultivate? We want to create the rule of hairy men, but if we make these hairy man Gu Immortals live under the protection of Secluded Residence, wouldn’t they start returning to their previous lifestyle over time?”


 “Hmm?” Lang Ya land spirit was stumped, Fang Yuan’s words made sense.


 Hairy man Gu Immortals lacked a sense of danger.


 The previous Lang Ya land spirit was too protective of the hairy man Gu Immortals, causing these Gu Immortals to have almost no battle strength. When Shadow Sect had invaded, they were almost subdued.


 They could not go back to the previous lifestyle!


 Lang Ya land spirit took a deep breath, nodding heavily: “Fang Yuan, I will agree to your request. I will give you the complete method. Out of the ten Dang Hun Mountain compensation, this method is worth half a Dang Hun Mountain.”


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan did not doubt Lang Ya land spirit’s words.


 Lang Ya land spirit would not lie, it was extremely beneficial for Fang Yuan to transact with him.


 “Next, I need some lifespan Gu.” Fang Yuan mentioned his second request.


 If he took wisdom Gu into his sovereign immortal aperture, he would have to shoulder its feeding issue. Fang Yuan had lifespan Gu on him, but it was not safe to rely on these stocks.


 “Okay.” Lang Ya land spirit agreed happily to this request.


 He was a land spirit, he could live as long as Lang Ya blessed land existed, so he had no use for lifespan Gu.


 Naturally, the hairy man Gu Immortals in Lang Ya Sect would need lifespan Gu to prolong their lives.


 However, hairy men were variant humans, they had much longer lifespan than humans. Secondly, feeding wisdom Gu was clearly much more important than extending the hairy man Gu Immortals’ lives.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan used one and a half Dang Hun Mountain compensation to exchange for a large amount of lifespan Gu.


 Long Hair Ancestor was a person from three hundred thousand years ago, Lang Ya blessed land had an extremely long history of three hundred thousand years, it had plundered an enormous amount of lifespan Gu.


 Although Fang Yuan had taken away most of the stock of lifespan Gu, Lang Ya blessed land still had a lot left!


 Fang Yuan calculated that if he used all the lifespan Gu he had on himself, he could prolong his life by over four thousand years!


 Even Red Lotus Demon Venerable had only lived for over three thousand years.


 This meant, if Fang Yuan used these lifespan Gu, he could live longer than Red Lotus Demon Venerable! Naturally, the precondition was he was not killed by someone in this period of time.


 These lifespan Gu could clearly solve wisdom Gu’s feeding issue for a long period of time.


 Among the venerables, Red Lotus Demon Venerable had the shortest lifespan. Limitless Demon Venerable and Reckless Savage Demon Venerable lived for over six thousand years. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable lived for over seven thousand years, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable for over eight thousand years. The longest lived three had all joined Heavenly Court. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable lived for over twelve thousand years, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for over nineteen thousand years, and Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s age surpassed twenty-five thousand years, he was the first Immortal Venerable in human history, and also was the longest lived venerable.


 “All Immortal and Demon Venerables lived for a long time, but in history, many rank eight and rank seven Gu Immortals have also lived a long life, some even living for thousands of years. There is not a lack of people who have lived longer than some Immortal or Demon Venerables.”


 “But with the five regions chaotic war incoming, the great era is about to open its curtains, lifespan Gu will become increasingly scarce. Especially, when Great Dream Immortal Venerable reaches rank nine, lifespan Gu will be extremely rare, heaven and earth will no longer produce it, until there is no stock of lifespan Gu left.”


 Fang Yuan inwardly pondered. These lifespan Gu had extremely huge value, and this value would continue to increase with the passing of time.


 According to the historical records, many great experts and old monsters would pay any price to extend their life by even a few days.


 Lifespan Gu was only a mortal Gu, but there were many examples in history where lifespan Gu was exchanged with Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s current compensation was calculated by Lang Ya land spirit according to the current value of lifespan Gu. This no doubt allowed Fang Yuan to get a much cheaper deal.


 Of course, if he developed Dang Hun Mountain well, his prospects would also be extremely remarkable.


 After settling the lifespan Gu compensation, Fang Yuan used one Dang Hun Mountain compensation to exchange for a huge amount of Lang Ya Sect’s sect contribution points as well as beast enslavement Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had borrowed beast enslavement Immortal Gu a few times before, it was extremely useful.


 As for Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, it was a no-brainer, Fang Yuan knew Lang Ya land spirit would absolutely not part with this Immortal Gu.


 As such, out of the ten Dang Hun Mountain compensation, seven remained.


 Now, Fang Yuan was going for a big one!


 “I want to use seven Dang Hun Mountain compensation to exchange for something in the sect.” Fang Yuan said to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit was immediately tensed as he quickly asked: “Ah? What do you want to exchange with?”



***
Chapter 1552 - Refinement Path True Meaning


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Exchange with what?” Fang Yuan smiled and continued: “Naturally, I want refinement path true meaning.”


 “Ah! You actually know there is refinement path true meaning in the sect?!” Lang Ya land spirit almost jumped from shock, this was the greatest secret of Lang Ya Sect and also the most valuable treasure in the sect’s storage!


 What was true meaning?


 True meaning was considered a type of will, wisdom path has the three elements of thoughts, wills and emotions.


 True meaning was the most valuable and enchanting thing sought after by everyone whether they were Gu Masters or Gu Venerables!


 Northern Plains’ icy plain was created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, it contained Reckless Savage true meaning. Thus, when a Gu Master underwent immortal ascension in the northern icy plain, they would evoke Reckless Savage true meaning. When a Gu Immortal obtained this true meaning, they could gain a huge boost in their transformation path or strength path attainment levels.


 Dream realms also contained true meaning, Fang Yuan had explored several dream realms and was able to increase his attainment in all kinds of paths because he had absorbed the true meaning contained within them.


 So true meaning usually signified a rise in attainment level.


 Why was the five regions chaotic war an unprecedentedly magnificent era? The fundamental reason was the dream realms appearing everywhere in the world, many who explored these dream realms successfully obtained the true meaning contained inside, raising their attainment levels.


 Accumulating attainment level normally took a long period of time. But true meaning greatly shrunk this process, this caused geniuses and elites to endlessly appear from every corner of the world, fighting and killing each other, giving birth to an unprecedented chaotic era!


 The importance of true meaning went without saying, and the true meaning stored in the depths of Lang Ya Sect had an even greater origin.


 This true meaning originated from Long Hair Ancestor.


 Who was Long Hair Ancestor?


 A refinement path rank eight great expert, known as the number one refinement path immortal of all times!


 The long history of humanity spanned innumerable years, and throughout this time, there existed three most outstanding peak refinement path experts, Old Eccentric Tian Nan, Old Immortal Kong Jue, and Long Hair Ancestor.


 Even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to concede to Long Hair Ancestor in terms of refinement path ability. The two venerables had requested Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu for them.


 In the statistics made by later generations, Long Hair Ancestor had refined at least thirty-eight Immortal Gu in his life, this was only the conclusive summary, it did not account for his many legends and rumors. If the rumors were noted, then this number would surpass one hundred!


 Even more terrifying was that most of these Immortal Gu were not rank six, instead they were of high levels like rank seven and rank eight!


 The refinement path true meaning in Lang Ya Sect was the true meaning of Long Hair Ancestor. It was extremely comprehensive, if Fang Yuan obtained it and absorbed it completely, his refinement path attainment level could immediately soar to quasi-supreme grandmaster!


 This was akin to reaching heaven in one step, an ant instantly becoming an unprecedented giant beast. Or a starving beggar suddenly becoming the richest in the whole country.


 It was exactly this concept!


 The reason why it was ‘quasi’ was because supreme grandmaster required surpassing the foundation of the whole world, creating something out of nothing, achieving a new innovation.


 Fang Yuan could not do this now.


 If he obtained the refinement path true meaning, he was only completely inheriting Long Hair Ancestor’s attainment level, he was not going further from this foundation and surpassing the whole world’s refinement path foundation.


 Fang Yuan did not have any extravagant hope towards supreme grandmaster, as far as he was concerned, this title was just a kind of supreme glory. Quasi-supreme was already enough for him to look down proudly at all refinement path Gu Immortals in the whole five regions. As long as he obtained this true meaning, he would transform from a small dune to the highest peak in one go!


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings. There were no strongest Gu worm in the world, only strongest Gu Immortal.


 And how could a Gu Immortal be the strongest?


 Attainment level was one of the most important judging criteria.


 Having quasi-supreme refinement path attainment was akin to reaching a peak height and having the most abundant foundation, the rest would come along later.


 Using seven Dang Hun Mountain compensation to exchange for a will?


 Would Fang Yuan not suffer a loss?


 Of course not.


 Even if he had several Dang Hun Mountains, they only represented a huge amount of cultivation resources. And, what resource was the most precious?


 Most would definitely answer attainment level!


 “You want the refinement path true meaning left behind by my main body? That is impossible!” Lang Ya land spirit refused.


 Fang Yuan was already mentally prepared for Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude, he smiled: “First supreme elder, our Lang Ya Sect has held on to this will for three hundred thousand years. If it is only preserved indefinitely, how different is it from a rock? Or maybe, do you want to leave this refinement path true meaning to the other hairy man Gu Immortals?”


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “Ever since the establishment of Lang Ya blessed land, the previous land spirit had been considering this issue, but these hairy man Gu Immortals still don’t have enough qualifications.”


 “Then, give it to me.” Fang Yuan immediately said.


 “You? You are even more unqualified!” Lang Ya land spirit said, firmly.


 Fang Yuan gave a soundless laughter.


 The current Lang Ya land spirit had the doctrine of hairy man supremacy, all along firmly believing hairy men were superior to humans, and hairy men should rule the world while humans should depend on them for survival.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not even look upon those hairy man Gu Immortals, he would even more so not consider Fang Yuan, who was a human.


 “Long Hair true meaning is the supreme treasure of my hairy men, even at worst, even if it goes to hairy man Gu Masters, it won’t be for you, a human, to enjoy.” Lang Ya land spirit’s inner thoughts were roughly like this.


 Fang Yuan took a deep breath, his next persuasion was going to be crucial.


 He had already thought properly, at this moment, he said in a serious tone: “First supreme elder, you are also aware of the current situation, it is extremely precarious! Heavenly Court’s first attempt failed, but there will be a second attack, a third attack... they absolutely won’t give up until they completely succeed or completely fail.”


 “I understand this.” Lang Ya land spirit’s tone was solemn.


 “If I have this refinement path true meaning, my strength will soar rapidly and I will have even more assurance in helping Lang Ya Sect resist Heavenly Court. Lang Ya Sect has helped me so much, this is my home, I won’t stand by and watch Heavenly Court destroy it!”


 “If I become a refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster, I can refine Immortal Gu and improve the current super Gu formation of Lang Ya blessed land. You also know I have inherited Shadow Sect’s legacy, it contains a lot of information concerning Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects. Previously, we only exchanged true inheritances, now I am going to share this information with you. I have already deduced that Feng Jiu Ge’s group used a killer move with Fixed Immortal Travel as the core to invade Lang Ya blessed land. After we have resolved the compensation matter, I will use wisdom Gu to think of methods to guard against Fixed Immortal Travel. Besides these, don’t forget I have some subordinates, you also know that they are all elites in fighting.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was silent.


 Fang Yuan’s words were extremely reasonable, it did not matter during the peaceful times, but in this situation, Heavenly Court was gazing at them covetously. They did not even know when the next attack was going to arrive.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not ignorant, he knew a lot about Heavenly Court and so felt even greater pressure.


 Lang Ya Sect might have Heavenly Giant Solor which was comparable to a rank eight Gu Immortal, but in the earlier battle with Feng Jiu Ge, its various flaws had been exposed.


 Lang Ya Sect urgently required even more assistance.


 The snowmen, inkmen, and rockmen could barely mobilize a rank eight battle strength.


 The strongest battle strength was still Fang Yuan.


 Lang Ya land spirit already knew that Fang Yuan, who possessed reverse flow protection seal, was the strongest battle strength among them. Lang Ya land spirit and Lang Ya blessed land would need a source of strength like Fang Yuan in the future.


 “Fang Yuan, if you need to refine Gu, I will personally take the task, don’t forget there are still other supreme elders, everyone will help you.” Lang Ya land spirit remained silent for a while, before saying.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Everyone’s strength cannot be underestimated, I already have a deep impression of this when I requested everyone to refine Gu. But can our refinement path ability be on par with a quasi-supreme grandmaster?”


 Of course it could not!


 “Moreover, there is a huge difference in asking others to refine Gu and personally refining Gu, isn’t that so?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was silent once again.


 These were all genuine reasons, Lang Ya land spirit wanted to refute but could not.


 But reason alone could not persuade Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan knew he needed to use feelings as well.


 “First supreme elder, our interactions have always been heart to heart. Are you still not aware of my current situation? Do you still not understand my current feelings? After I escaped the trap and heard Lang Ya blessed land was attacked, I was really anxious, it was like a fire burned in my heart, I really hate myself for not being able to immediately return.”


 “Lang Ya Sect is my home, in such a huge world, only here can I feel at home. Although I am a human, I want to be a hairy man. But it is a pity that fate toys with people, I was born as a human, and not a noble hairy man.”


 “But I am willing to permanently transform into a hairy man in the future! I am willing to eternally live in Lang Ya blessed land, marry Xue Er, unite the other variant human races, and assist you in your wish of making hairy man dominate the world!”


 Fang Yuan spoke with such emotions that even he himself was filled with goosebumps.


 Lang Ya land spirit heaved a long sigh: “Oh Fang Yuan, I understand your feelings, I already knew it. But... this is a huge matter, I need to think and consider it properly. Right now... I cannot make this decision.”


 A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes, he could not give Lang Ya land spirit time to think. The more he thought, the smaller Fang Yuan’s hope would become.


 As such, Fang Yuan said: “First supreme elder, you are right in wanting to consider it properly. No matter how long you take, I will wait for your reply.”


 “In this period, I will keep an eye on Heavenly Court and try my best to probe information. I will immediately report to you when they make any suspicious movement.”


 These words immediately made Lang Ya land spirit come to a decision.


 He bitterly sighed: “The situation is perilous, if I still persist in preserving the true meaning, even Lang Ya blessed land might not be safe. Fang Yuan, you are one of us, I trust you. Honestly, if you were a hairy man, I might have already entrusted the whole Lang Ya blessed land to you. This refinement path true meaning... I will give it to you!”


 “I will not let down first supreme elder’s expectations!!”



***
Chapter 1553 - Thunder Ghost True Monarch


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court!


 “Huff... huff... huff...” Fairy Zi Wei was panting roughly, her pupils shrunk to pin-size.


 Her expression was still filled with fear, it had yet to dissipate.


 All around her was emptiness. The grand rank eight Immortal Gu House Soul Suppression Hall was already completely gone!


 Dang Hun Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, and with its uncountable number of dao marks, it could rival rank nine Immortal Gu.


 The power of its self-detonation was unimaginably terrifying. Soul Suppression Hall did not even have time to respond and with the explosion occurring from inside, it became a victim of Dang Hun Mountain’s explosion.


 Fairy Zi Wei, however, was completely unharmed!


 Dazzling starlight surrounded her, it was like she was covered in a thin veil made with stardust.


 This was Immortal Gu House Star Constellation Chessboard — the Immortal Gu House personally created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 “If Star Constellation Chessboard did not take the initiative to protect me, even if I didn’t die, I would have been heavily injured!” Fairy Zi Wei barely maintained her calm as her eyes narrowed to slits.


 Her expression was extremely heavy: “Dang Hun Mountain was actually tampered with, I did not find anything even though I inspected it several times earlier. This was probably Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s doing!”


 “To deal with Shadow Sect, I have roughly gone through all the soul path inheritances in Heavenly Court. But I was still played by Fang Yuan.”


 “Heavenly Court’s soul path foundation still cannot compare to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


 “Furthermore, Star Constellation Chessboard also suffered a lot of damage!”


 Fairy Zi Wei was not injured, but she felt like spewing blood when she thought of the danger and the losses she suffered!


 Her gaze moved towards the front.


 Ahead of her was a lump of dense black shadow, it was extremely deep like a dark pool. It stayed there as black light continuously shone around it.


 “Spectral Soul!” Fairy Zi Wei said hatefully while gritting her teeth.


 Dang Hun Mountain’s soul explosion actually did not injure Spectral Soul, instead he benefited from it, hiding and nourishing himself within the countless soul path dao marks.


 Dang Hun Mountain’s soul explosion method was originally created by him. After the soul explosion, Soul Suppression Hall was destroyed, while Spectral Soul obtained temporary freedom.


 He did not try to make a blind escape, instead using this huge opportunity to hide himself within the countless soul path dao marks. Like this, who knew how long it would take before Heavenly Court could soul search him again.


 Soul Suppression Hall had the ability to soul search, but now it was gone, completely destroyed.


 And Spectral Soul was using this temporary territorial advantage to recover.


 “Hmph, keep dragging it out until your end.” Fairy Zi Wei sneered.


 As long as he was in Heavenly Court, Spectral Soul was like a fish in a jar, unable to escape.


 Spectral Soul’s outcome would not change.


 But it was rather troublesome for Heavenly Court to get rid of these soul path dao marks, they would need to spend a long period of time at least.


 The abyss-deep dark whirlpool did not emit any sound, Spectral Soul still maintained silence.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s fury rose even more.


 Right at this time, a thunder-like rumbling sound was heard, then flashes of lightning illuminated Heavenly Court.


 A thunderstorm brewed, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled!


 “There is an abnormal reaction from the immortal graveyard. Back then, when Duke Long woke up, the whole of Heavenly Court shook. I wonder which senior woke up this time?”


 Fairy Zi Wei raised her head and looked at this scene, feeling stunned at first before turning joyous.


 Rumble!


 A huge burst of thunder echoed, tens of lightning bolts flashed in the sky before converging into a lump.


 The dark blue lightning suddenly exploded, and a human figure jumped out of the lightning sphere.


 This figure was extremely fast, appearing in front of Fairy Zi Wei almost in an instant.


 “So I did not sense wrongly... Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, you were truly caught. Hahaha!” This Gu Immortal, who had just woken up, began laughing loudly.


 Fairy Zi Wei carefully observed the person, she had a young girl’s appearance, she was clad in a pitch-black suit of armor, the armor was ferocious and flamboyant, having sharp curved spikes and lightning flashing above it. The chest portion of the armor had a dark-blue opened mouth like that of a giant ghost. And her helmet looked like a monster’s head, forming a stark contrast with the girl’s delicate and cute appearance.


 The immortal graveyard was unfathomable, even Fairy Zi Wei did not know how many great experts were hibernating in there. As for this person, she knew her origin.


 Immediately, Fairy Zi Wei bowed in greeting: “Junior Zi Wei pays respect to Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch!”


 “Eh? What era is this? There is still someone who knows my, Jing Lan’s, honorific title?” The black armored girl gave a slight exclamation of surprise, her gaze moving from the dark whirlpool to Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s spirits rose, this Jing Lan was a great expert selected from Black Heaven Temple. She mainly cultivated two major paths, lightning path and soul path, her two paths did not conflict with each other.


 This non-conflicting method was her own creation, and she could only do this with lightning path and soul path.


 She was an extremely lively Gu Immortal born in Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s time, she was extremely proficient in fighting and had been one of Heavenly Court’s most valuable experts in resisting Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 She had once given huge trouble to Spectral Soul, but after Spectral Soul became a venerable, he slaughtered countless beings and was unstoppable. She had to gloomily give up and hibernate in the immortal graveyard.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had the most murderous nature among the venerables, but Jing Lan was actually able to stay alive, she definitely had powerful methods!


 “Senior is experienced in dealing with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, I, Zi Wei, ask for guidance in dealing with this situation.” After conversing a while, Fairy Zi Wei bowed again and asked.


 Jing Lan narrowed her eyes, snorting: “If I had all my Immortal Gu, I could break this tortoise shell in thirty-three days!”


 When Gu Immortals went to hibernation, almost all would hand over all their Immortal Gu, aside from some exceptions. After all, these Immortal Gu needed to be taken care of and fed.


 Fairy Zi Wei closed her eyes and looked at the information path Gu worms in her phantom aperture, after which she looked embarrassed.


 “What’s wrong?” Jing Lan asked.


 “Some Immortal Gu which senior left behind were destroyed because of various reasons.” Fairy Zi Wei answered.


 “They were of use to Heavenly Court, so be it if they are destroyed, they served their purpose.” Jing Lan smiled, not minding at all as she asked, “How many are left?”


 Fairy Zi Wei gave a detailed account.


 Jing Lan slightly frowned: “Three core Immortal Gu are gone, many methods can’t be used then. If I have to deal with Spectral Soul now, I will need at least three months.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was slightly disappointed.


 With her methods and the help of Star Constellation Chessboard, she would only need over two months to resolve this issue and recapture Spectral Soul.


 “How about this, Spectral Soul is captured but his inheritor has been extremely active. Dang Hun Mountain’s explosion was also his inheritor’s work.” Fairy Zi Wei informed.


 “Hmph! Demonic scoundrels, they should all be killed! So you want me to get rid of Spectral Soul’s inheritor? Tell me, where is this inheritor? I will flay his skin, pull out his tendons, and bring his head in front of Spectral Soul to let him enjoy the spectacle. Hahaha!”


 Jing Lan laughed as her battle intent soared.


 “With senior making a move, that Fang Yuan will have no hope left! As for his location...” Fairy Zi Wei smiled confidently: “As long as senior can wait a while, junior will deduce it for you!”



***
Chapter 1554 - Location Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Connecting heaven Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit connected to treasure yellow heaven and quickly completed the Immortal Gu transaction with Fang Yuan.


 The exchange was extremely fast, in several blinks of an eye, they had both disconnected from treasure yellow heaven.


 “This is perceivable dao Immortal Gu?” Lang Ya land spirit sized up the Immortal Gu in his hands.


 This Immortal Gu had a round head and a black body, it had many segments in its body. When Lang Ya land spirit activated it, it started to shine in starlight.


 After a while, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression turned unsightly.


 “They had made secret arrangements indeed!”


 Using perceivable dao Immortal Gu, Lang Ya land spirit discovered many new dao marks in the blessed land. These dao marks interweaved together to form a mystical effect.


 This was a hidden arrangement done by Feng Jiu Ge’s group when they invaded Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had once been struck by Fairy Zi Wei’s inextinguishable star target, he had learned from this setback. Adding on that Feng Jiu Ge had retreated so straightforwardly, with just a little deduction, Fang Yuan knew they had definitely left behind some secret measures to make the next invasion more convenient.


 “Fang Yuan guessed right, we need to clean these dao marks completely! When he returns, we will immediately relocate Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Lang Ya land spirit mumbled.


 Although Feng Jiu Ge’s group arrived at Lang Ya blessed land with Fixed Immortal Travel’s help, Lang Ya blessed land was now no longer safe in its current location.


 This decision was safe and also wise.


 Prince Feng Xian had yet to leave, if Lang Ya land spirit rashly moved the blessed land, there would definitely be a huge commotion and it would expose its true location.


 Wind blew at his face, Fang Yuan was like a sharp arrow that pierced through the sky, throwing the endless clouds behind him.


 He had wanted to re-capture the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but his plan failed after running into Lu Wei Yin. But it was not that he had no gains, he had to thank Heavenly Court for this, if not for this external pressure, Lang Ya land spirit absolutely would not have agreed to give him the refinement path true meaning.


 Even so, Fang Yuan had to use up all his breath on talking before he was barely able to persuade Lang Ya land spirit.


 After the communication was completed, Fang Yuan immediately set off towards Lang Ya blessed land, preparing to take back wisdom Gu and the refinement path true meaning.


 It was best for wisdom Gu to not be transferred through treasure yellow heaven, this famous rank nine Gu would incite an extremely huge response.


 Although Heavenly Court knew about wisdom Gu currently, them knowing of it and the whole world knowing of it were two completely different concepts.


 As for the refinement path true meaning, although Lang Ya land spirit agreed to give it Fang Yuan, he insisted on handing it to Fang Yuan in Lang Ya blessed land and not through treasure yellow heaven.


 Lang Ya land spirit also knew the danger of rashly moving Lang Ya blessed land, and he was facing Heavenly Court on top of that, so he was facing huge mental pressure.


 Not only did he ask Fang Yuan to return, he also discussed with the rockman tribe to borrow their rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon to guard Lang Ya blessed land.


 “After returning, I am not only taking wisdom Gu and obtaining refinement path true meaning, I will also have to use light of wisdom to decipher the immortal killer move Feng Jiu Ge used to invade Lang Ya blessed land, and also repair the super Gu formation. Furthermore... I was trapped by Lu Wei Yin, but I also gained some insights. Especially at the third illusory dream. Maybe I can use the light of wisdom to completely comprehend these insights.”


 Thinking of Lu Wei Yin, Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered.


 He was almost certain Lu Wei Yin was an inheritor of Paradise Earth. Fang Yuan’s current ability was not enough to deal with him.


 In fact, Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation, and he mostly relied on reverse flow protection seal to deal with rank eight Gu Immortals. His other methods were not up to par for this task.


 “What?” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s expression changed as he sensed ghost official garment shrinking rapidly and shaking like a candlelight in the wind.


 “Not good, someone is deducing my location! And such a powerful wisdom path method, this is definitely the work of a wisdom path rank eight great expert!”


 Fang Yuan quickly activated immortal killer move — Yama.


 At the next moment, his whole body began to transform, ghost official garment and ghostly concealment began to link together.


 Ghost official garment was only a rank seven immortal killer move, but after linking with the rank nine ghostly concealment, it was able to use a slight amount of rank nine’s power.


 “Hmm?” It was Fairy Zi Wei’s turn to be surprised.


 She had been fully confident, but who could have thought her deduction of Fang Yuan’s location to suddenly become countless times more difficult!


 “How could this be?” Fairy Zi Wei frowned.


 “What’s wrong?” Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan, who was at the side, asked.


 “It is a bit complicated. I have Fang Yuan’s dark limit Immortal Gu and also Gu Yue Fang Zheng, these are both crucial clues, but I actually still can’t deduce Fang Yuan’s location.” Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “A pity, if it were before, I could only admit my defeat. But he caused Dang Hun Mountain to explode, although the origin is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he also participated in it and caused damage to Star Constellation Chessboard, I will definitely be able to deduce him.”


 Saying so, Fairy Zi Wei pinched her fingers, a translucent ripple suddenly appeared beside her from which a rank eight Gu Immortal walked out.


 “Lady Zi Wei, what can I do for you?” This person was Chen Yi, he was originally meant to reinforce Feng Jiu Ge’s group, but with Feng Jiu Ge returning, his task also ended and was called back to Heavenly Court by Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Come, use your karma divine tree, I want to use your strength to deduce Fang Yuan’s location.” Fairy Zi Wei commanded.


 Chen Yi bowed and accepted the order, immediately activating karma divine tree.


 With the power of this legendary killer move, along with star constellation chessboard, Fairy Zi Wei finally made a breakthrough and deduced Fang Yuan’s specific location.


 “Damn it!” The moment Fang Yuan’s location was deduced, yama suddenly detonated, exposing his true body.


 The link between ghostly concealment and ghost official garment completely collapsed, ghostly concealment was safe and sound, but ghost official garment was almost destroyed.


 “My location is exposed!”



***
Chapter 1555 - Fang Yuan Versus Jing Lan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Being able to forcibly break my yama killer move, and also after Lang Ya blessed land was invaded, this is most likely Heavenly Court’s doing!”


 At that instant, countless thoughts moved in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Fang Zheng was captured, he is blood related to my rank six time path clone, but my clone is inside my sovereign immortal aperture. They should not be able to use this clue.”


 “My dark limit Immortal Gu is in Heavenly Court’s hands, this is an extremely significant clue, but it is not enough to destroy yama with just this.”


 “So what method did Heavenly Court use? What crucial clues do they have on me?”


 Fang Yuan flew rapidly while thinking.


 His location was exposed, staying at the same spot was definitely a bad decision. The important thing now was to constantly be on the move, while also restoring ghost official garment and thinking of ways to resolve this issue.


 Crack!


 Fang Yuan flew straight for many hours, when suddenly a thunderbolt flashed in the clear sky.


 The thunderbolt directly cleaved towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was already on guard, quickly evading.


 The thunderbolt crashed on the ground, the lightning concentrated into a human figure.


 The human figure was soon revealed, Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan in her pitch-black malevolent armor was half-crouching on the ground.


 Bzz bzz bzz....


 Countless small sparks were tangled around her armor.


 Her crash had formed a deep pit and the bottom of the pit was already scorched black by the heat, with tufts of white smoke rising from it.


 Jing Lan slowly stood up, her petite body was over ten feet tall after wearing the armor, looking tall and bulky.


 Boom!


 Majestic rank eight aura, firm as a mountain, flowed out of her.


 She slowly raised her head to look at Fang Yuan, saying frostily: “You are Fang Yuan? Where are you thinking of running to?”


 “Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal... moreover, looking at her attitude, she is likely from Heavenly Court!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk slightly as he raised his alertness to maximum vigilance.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 A bright light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes as he valiantly made the first move against this unknown enemy.


 In an instant, countless Fang Yuan clones filled the sky. Jing Lan had only blinked when the cloudless clear sky was filled with countless Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms.


 The large army shouted and charged towards Jing Lan like a tsunami.


 Jing Lan closed her eyes then opened it again, her black pupils turned azure and inexhaustible lightning seemed to circulate in them like a whirlpool.


 She looked all around her but did not discover Fang Yuan’s true body.


 “Familiar face... hmph.” Jing Lan gave a displeased grunt, she suddenly opened her mouth.


 “Arrrrrrrrrrr—!”


 With her roar, there were rumbles of thunder.


 With her as the center, the sound wave containing waves of blue lightning spread in all directions. Wherever they went, Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms would be destroyed within a breath of time.


 In just one move, the sky was clear once again. Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms were completely destroyed, only his true body remained.


 “Rank eight lightning path? Why do I still sense soul path aura from her body?” Fang Yuan slightly frowned.


 He was not startled at the destruction of myriad self, myriad self was only a probe. When facing a rank eight Gu Immortal, no matter how many myriad self phantoms there were, they would not do anything.


 Immortal killer move — Ignited Thought Flying Rock.


 Immortal killer move — Purple Thought Perception Starlight.


 Fang Yuan pushed his palms forward, countless meteorites that had long blazing tails, immediately smashed towards Jing Lan.


 After finishing this move, he clenched his right hand and suddenly waved it, instantly, innumerable bright purple starlight specks flew down.


 Jing Lan’s lightning eyes showed disdain when she saw ignited thought flying rock, but when she saw purple thought perception starlight, her pupils slightly shrunk.


 “This is an extraordinary killer move, I must evade it.” Jing Lan immediately turned into lightning, shooting straight towards Fang Yuan.


 Fast!


 She was so fast that even Fang Yuan showed a trace of astonishment.


 Moreover, this lightning was extremely flexible and did not blindly rampage around; when it came across the ignited thought flying rocks, it charged straight through them, but when it encountered specks of purple thought perception starlight, it dodged and detoured around them.


 Fang Yuan’s attacks were endless, but Jing Lan was unstoppable. After turning around several times in the air, she arrived before Fang Yuan.


 “Come.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth as he transformed into ancient sword dragon and ferociously clawed at Jing Lan.


 Jing Lan was covered in a thick and huge armor, but when compared to Fang Yuan’s sword dragon, she looked tiny.


 But she was extremely fierce, with a deep shout, she did not dodge and instead used the horn on her helmet to stab at the dragon’s claws.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, both sides were forced back.


 Fang Yuan’s claws turned weak and numb from the recoil force.


 And as for Jing Lan, the horn on her helmet was completely broken and the whole helmet was filled with cracks. She even felt slight dizziness.


 “This is reverse flow protection seal!” Jing Lan was aware of it, she had set off from Heavenly Court and had obtained detailed information about Fang Yuan from Fairy Zi Wei.


 As such, she was not surprised at this scene, everything was within her expectations.


 She laughed as she once again charged forward, the lightning surrounding her bombarded Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fought her with no fear.


 Both sides exchanged moves, they fought intensely without any rest, even the sky turned colorless from their combat, the world was desolate.


 Fang Yuan relied on reverse flow protection seal to fight evenly with Jing Lan, but he had to constantly retreat while fighting.


 “This person clearly knows about reverse flow protection seal, she is using just enough power that I have to use reverse flow protection seal to block it, but it is not so high for the reverse flow protection seal to reflect it. That’s what makes this person dangerous!”


 Fang Yuan had a bad feeling in his heart.


 Although Jing Lan was unable to deal with Fang Yuan, this was only temporary.


 She definitely had a wisdom path great expert behind her who was closely observing this battle and continuously analyzing Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal.


 Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal was being constantly analyzed and deduced, once this reached a certain degree, they would be able to deduce a killer move that targeted reverse flow protection seal.


 Once this killer move broke reverse flow protection seal, it would be Fang Yuan’s end.


 “This person is constantly changing her methods, probing my reverse flow protection seal from every aspect, her intention is clear!”


 “She dual cultivates lightning path and soul path, her lightning path attacks are incomparably swift and powerful, while her soul path methods are condensed into that armor which has powerful defense and rapid recovery.”


 “Retreat!”


 Fang Yuan activated myriad dragon, disguising himself as one of them with familiar face.


 The myriad dragon did not attack Jing Lan, but scattered in all directions.


 “Where are you running?!” Jing Lan shouted, thunder rumbled in the sky as countless lightning bolts fell down and destroyed the dragons.


 Myriad dragon’s power was much higher than myriad self, but it was nothing when compared to this rank eight killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s true body was quickly discovered.


 Jing Lan gave chase, continuing to send attacks.


 Fang Yuan began to constantly flee, rarely attacking back.


 “This is truly a tortoise shell!” Jing Lan was rather vexed, Fang Yuan clearly had rank seven cultivation, but with reverse flow protection seal, it was like he was covered with reflective thorns that prevented others from using their full power.


 “Still not done?” Jing Lan transmitted her voice to Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei was far away in Heavenly Court but was closely paying attention to the battle here, and was using Heavenly Court’s wisdom path formation to decipher reverse flow protection seal with all her strength.


 As for Star Constellation Chessboard, it had suffered huge damage and would not be of much use for some time.


 “There are some results, please listen, senior.” Fairy Zi Wei taught a killer move to Jing Lan.


 Jing Lan immediately attempted the killer move. After a few failures, she was finally able to activate it which resulted in a mysterious light.


 The grey profound light struck Fang Yuan, his reverse flow protection seal immediately started to ripple and shake.


 “They have already deduced a method?” Fang Yuan’s heart tensed, but fortunately, this killer move was only rank six and was unable to damage reverse flow protection seal.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with starlight, firmly memorizing the effect of the grey profound light. This was both a success and also a further probe against reverse flow protection seal.


 “Hahaha, Fang Yuan, it was not easy for you to create such a killer move. A pity that you are going to die today!” Jing Lan laughed heartily.


 Her speed was terrifyingly fast, way faster than Fang Yuan. If this situation continued to go on, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal would be deciphered sooner or later.


 “Don’t you have the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel? Are you not going to use it?” Jing Lan laughed.


 With a rumbling sound, she threw a lightning bolt at Fang Yuan’s back once again.


 Fang Yuan did not utter a sound, he concentrated fully on escaping.



***
Chapter 1556 - Fang Yuan’s Death?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 Thunder rumbled as a ten feet thick bolt of blue lightning fell down from the sky and cleaved at Fang Yuan’s back like an axe.


 Fang Yuan was transformed into an ancient sword dragon and had reverse flow protection seal.


 When this lightning struck him, an unstoppable force rushed in, knocking him down from the sky.


 The lightning was reflected back at Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan, but Jing Lan just sneered as the whirlpool in her pupils spiraled and actually absorbed the reflected lightning.


 Fang Yuan almost crashed into the ground, but he raised his head with all his might and swung his dragon body, after narrowly brushing past a tall mountain, he soared into the sky again.


 “Little earthworm...” Jing Lan sneered, pouncing towards Fang Yuan once again.


 She was extremely fast, Fang Yuan’s ancient sword dragon transformation, even with sword escape Immortal Gu, could not match her speed.


 Fang Yuan’s speed was actually already extremely fast, it was at the peak level among rank seven Gu Immortals. Only Hui Feng Zi and a few other rank sevens could contest Fang Yuan in this aspect.


 Jing Lan, however, was a genuine rank eight Gu Immortal who was highly proficient in movement. Her speed was at the peak of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Compared to her, Fang Yuan, who had peak rank seven speed, was simply too slow.


 “Try this move.” Jing Lan easily flew to Fang Yuan’s back and aimed her palm at Fang Yuan’s dragon head, a pale mysterious light shooting out of her palm.


 The power of this mysterious light simply could not compare to the earlier lightning axe, but when it struck reverse flow protection seal, it immediately incited a huge change.


 Water splashed out of reverse flow protection seal, reverse flow protection seal’s thickness was reducing at a visible rate.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed intensely, he shook his tail rapidly, fleeing with all his strength.


 Jing Lan laughed loudly while thinking: “This junior Zi Wei is amazing, in just a short while, she has already deduced a rank seven immortal killer move that is specially used to break this Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal! It is a pity that this move can only be used once in a while. There is a time restriction, otherwise I would have already decapitated this little demon!”


 Just as she was thinking this, Jing Lan’s expression suddenly changed.


 Far away in the horizon, an enormous wall, seemingly supporting the sky, was gradually being revealed.


 This enormous wall was actually a regional wall.


 The five regions were all covered with layers of membrane that formed each region’s heaven and earth, while also separating each other.


 These were the regional walls.


 The regional wall before Jing Lan was purple-black, it was misty and chaotic, and gave rise to a feeling of oppression.


 Southern Border’s miasma regional wall.


 “So this little demon wanted to escape into the regional wall!” Jing Lan immediately realized.


 It was extremely difficult for Gu Immortals to cross regional walls, often, the higher their cultivation, the higher the difficulty in crossing the regional wall.


 After entering a regional wall, Gu Immortals would not only be met with rejection force, they would also face backlash when using any method.


 It was already not easy for rank six Gu Immortals to cross a regional wall. It was highly dangerous for rank seven. And for rank eight... the difficulty was extremely great, there were basically no rank eight Gu Immortals who would ask for trouble by walking into a regional wall, they were more willing to take a detour by going through black heaven or white heaven.


 “This little demon is only rank seven, he will have the territorial advantage in the regional wall. I can’t let it happen!”


 At this thought, Jing Lan’s brows stood up, her eyes shone with sharp light as she flew in front of Fang Yuan and blocked him.


 Fang Yuan fell into a bitter battle.


 He had been fleeing all along before to get close to the regional wall. He had a huge advantage in the regional wall, the sovereign immortal body could freely move about in the regional wall.


 That meant he would be safe if he entered the regional wall.


 But Jing Lan simply did not give him this opportunity, her attacks were like waves making Fang Yuan constantly change directions. However, Jing Lan’s speed completely outstripped his and would always obstruct him from ahead.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was not far from the regional wall, but because of Jing Lan, it felt like the regional wall was far away in the horizon.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 With no choice, Fang Yuan could only use these two moves together. He disguised his identity, lunging forward amidst the scattered dragons.


 “This!!” Jing Lan’s eyes opened wide in anger, she had no good way to deal with this.


 She had already tried before, her investigative killer move simply could not detect Fang Yuan’s disguise.


 But she had a huge arsenal of moves, and soon slaughtered all the myriad dragons, forcing Fang Yuan’s true body out.


 However, Fang Yuan’s true body had already taken the chance to move ahead by several li, and was much more closer to the regional wall.


 Jing Lan turned into lightning and flashed by, appearing before Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan gave a bitter sigh, once again activating the two killer moves. Myriad dragon might be powerful, but in front of Jing Lan, it was reduced to a veil to disguise his body. Against the power of the domineering lightning, it looked increasingly fragile.


 Like this, Fang Yuan continued to lunge forward, while Jing Lan continued to obstruct him.


 There was not much distance from the regional wall, but both sides were constantly engaged in fierce battle, Fang Yuan had to use a lot of effort to move forward each time.


 “Found you!” Jing Lan smiled malevolently as she destroyed all the dragons once again, exposing Fang Yuan’s true body.


 She pushed forward her palm from which shot out a pale mysterious light.


 The mysterious light immediately cut off a large portion of reverse flow protection seal, there was only a thin layer of reverse flow protection seal left.


 “Good! There is much more improvement this time.” Jing Lan laughed, transmitting her voice of admiration to Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “We have already been probing reverse flow protection seal long ago. The previous results along with the information from senior’s fight have already become a key to qualitative change. This kind of deduction is always difficult at first but easy later on, now I will deduce a rank eight killer move, making use of senior’s Immortal Gu, to restrain reverse flow protection seal.”


 “Good, I am waiting.” Jing Lan responded to Fairy Zi Wei while looking at Fang Yuan entering the regional wall.


 There was nothing that could be done about it.


 Jing Lan could not detect Fang Yuan’s true body, his two killer moves were also greatly effective, although she obstructed him many times, she could only let him enter the regional wall in the end.


 “But, you think you are safe in the regional wall?”


 “A mere regional wall, how could it block me, Thunder Ghost True Monarch? Hmph!”


 Black qi gushed out of Jing Lan’s nose, the black qi rapidly expanded and spread throughout her whole body, covering her in a thick black cloud ball.


 Countless ghosts of the dead roared inside the black cloud and fought each other, every time they fought, they would produce firm blue lightning.


 Jing Lan controlled the black cloud ball and entered straight into the regional wall, still chasing after Fang Yuan.


 “She actually entered here!” Fang Yuan got a huge shock.


 “Kid, your trick might have been effective against others. But against me, you are simply playing tricks in front of an expert. Back then, I used regional walls to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Other rank eights don’t have methods to enter deep into regional walls, but I have. It is your bad luck to have run into me!”


 Jing Lan shouted non-stop while the black cloud ball let out countless lightning bolts that landed on Fang Yuan’s ancient sword dragon transformation.


 Fang Yuan cried out in pain, reverse flow protection seal was already broken pretty badly and could no longer reflect all the damage.


 But Jing Lan was also not any better off, blood flooded out from the corners of her lips as she felt bouts of dizziness.


 Using killer moves in regional wall would result in backlash, fortunately she had a phantom aperture which only had Immortal Gu and immortal essence, unlike normal immortal apertures containing large amount of resources. If there were other resources, they would have definitely suffered greatly at this moment.


 Boom boom boom!


 Lightning bolts smashed at Fang Yuan’s body, mixed in among them was pale mysterious light that constantly broke down reverse flow protection seal.


 Even in the regional wall, Fang Yuan was unable to escape from Jing Lan and was being chased closely.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries became increasingly severe, his sparkling silver scales had already lost their luster by now, blood stained half of his body, his horn was broken, and his dragon claws were fractured at many areas.


 The black cloud ball around Jing Lan had also mostly dissipated, exposing her armor.


 Her face was pale, but her spirits were lively as she fixed her gaze on Fang Yuan, vowing to kill this demon.


 “Okay, the rank eight killer move to break reverse flow protection seal has finally been deduced.” At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s voice came.


 Jing Lan was joyous.


 Fairy Zi Wei reminded her: “This move is very powerful, I have to ask senior to use it cautiously, the backlash won’t be small if the activation fails.”


 “Don’t worry.” Jing Lan was doing multiple things at once, immediately beginning to attempt activating this killer move.


 She activated it three times, but every time resulted in a failure.


 Fortunately, she had plenty of experience, timely stopping whenever she felt something wrong.


 The backlash was indeed powerful, her armor was mostly destroyed, revealing her body inside.


 At the fourth attempt, she finally succeeded.


 “Fang Yuan, go and die!!!” Jing Lan flew above Fang Yuan’s head, a vast beam of light shot down towards Fang Yuan’s head.


 Fang Yuan simply did not have time to dodge it, he could only watch as this pillar descended!



***
Chapter 1557 - Counterattack


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Die!” Jing Lan gave a loud shout, her eyes shining with joy as she watched the beam of light bombard Fang Yuan.


 She was a rank eight Gu Immortal with extremely high battle strength, but she had to live under Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s shadow her whole life. She had woken up because of Dang Hun Mountain’s self-detonation, and when she saw Spectral Soul captured and resisting futilely, the feelings which she had hidden in the depths of her heart surged out.


 “Shock, anger, pity, joy, and also... fear! Spectral Soul, you were once so tough, but now you have become a prisoner. I am going to kill your inheritor now, I awakened at a really good time. By killing your inheritor, I shall eliminate the fear towards you that is rooted in the depths of my heart!”


 “Then, I will bring Fang Yuan’s head before you, and you will also be killed by me. Hahaha, there will be a day when you will die by my hands. This is unbelievable, it is like a dream, hahaha!”


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan was laughing madly inside her mind.


 “Something is wrong, quickly stop now!” Right at this time, Jing Lan suddenly heard a voice.


 “It is too late!” Jing Lan’s eyes were filled with blood-thirst and killing intent, but soon she was slightly stunned.


 “This voice is somewhat familiar... right, it is that junior Zi Wei! So it was not Fang Yuan’s backup, wait a moment, what did she mean?” This thought crossed Jing Lan’s mind.


 The blood-thirsty intent in Jing Lan’s eyes immediately dissipated by a large degree, revealing clarity.


 She quickly retreated.


 “Too late!” Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed, his previously panicking and fearful look instantly disappeared, replaced by certainty of success and fighting spirit that soared to the skies!


 He shook his dragon body, instead of dodging, he moved towards the sky, directly crashing towards Jing Lan’s fatal killer move!


 The beam violently struck Fang Yuan’s body, but Fang Yuan’s dragon body was covered in a layer of reverse flow protection seal which had a completely different appearance at this moment, it had not only recovered its original state, it was also flowing with traces of mysterious light.


 Reverse flow protection seal had a completely new transformation at this crucial moment!


 Variation move!


 The beam of light could not break this reverse flow protection seal and was reflected back smoothly.


 “What?!” Jing Lan’s pupils shrunk, even though she had a lot of battle experience, her expression revealed a frightened look at this moment.


 Earlier in the battle, she had fought Fang Yuan while holding back. Even if the abilities bounced back, she could absorb them or endure the damage.


 But this attack was completely different!


 She had used this move with all her strength, and this move by itself was a rank eight immortal killer move.


 If she had succeeded in this move, it was certain to not only break reverse flow protection seal, but also kill Fang Yuan.


 But now, her full-strength killer move was actually completely reflected.


 Jing Lan wanted to give Fang Yuan no time to dodge, so the distance between the two were extremely close. Right now, Jing Lan wanted to dodge but did not have enough time, her mood was also intensely fluctuating because of the shadow of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable rooted deep in her heart, and there was also another important reason, her state was far from perfect!


 She had rank eight cultivation, although she had the ability to enter deep into the regional wall, her body was not the sovereign immortal body after all, she would suffer damage from the backlash.


 While chasing Fang Yuan and gaining the upper hand, she was filled with satisfaction and hatred, so she did not sense it. But now that she was trying to dodge, she shockingly discovered — her state was poor!


 With all these reasons piled up, Jing Lan had no time to dodge and could only face the beam of light head-on.


 Boom—!


 The light bombarded Jing Lan’s body, erupting with glaring radiance like the sun had descended on the battlefield. Even Fang Yuan, who had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, had to firmly close his eyes.


 But at the next moment, the radiance dimmed a little, Fang Yuan endured the pain to forcibly open his eyes.


 Kill!


 He barely managed to distinguish Jing Lan’s extremely tiny and fragile body within the endless white radiance.


 Her ferocious and thick whole-body armor had completely disintegrated, revealing her physical immortal body.


 Being hit by her own full strength attack, Jing Lan’s eyes rolled back into her head as she fell unconscious, blood flowing out from all the pores in her body.


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth revealing sharp fangs, as he moved his dragon body and charged at Jing Lan.


 With his limbs expanding to an exaggerated degree, Fang Yuan slashed down with his claws!


 “Damn it! Damn it! I actually fell for his scheme.” In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes were wide open in anger and self-blame: “He had actually modified reverse flow protection seal to this degree, creating a new variation move. The previous reverse flow protection seal was a trap to deal with me. Once I deduced it, he would use the variation move to form a completely different reverse flow protection seal. Fang Yuan... inconceivable... how could his wisdom path attainment be so deep?!”


 Fairy Zi Wei had all along thought of Fang Yuan highly, but this fact in front of her was a huge slap to her face.


 She had thought she held the upper hand. Since the battle of Reverse Flow River, she had begun gathering information and put great efforts in deducing reverse flow protection seal. In the later event when Feng Jiu Ge chased after and fought Fang Yuan, she had been deducing with all her strength from behind the scenes, until Thunder Ghost True Monarch set off this time.


 She felt she had accumulated enough and it was finally time to reap the gains, but she had never expected it all to be Fang Yuan’s trap and scheme.


 The wisdom path attainment Fang Yuan showed far surpassed Fairy Zi Wei’s expectations!


 “But how is this possible? Wait, did he borrow the power of wisdom Gu? But wisdom Gu is clearly wild. Only rank nine venerables can refine this Gu and use it. Fang Yuan is only rank seven, and there is also no one with such capability in the whole of Lang Ya Sect. Even if they had rank nine immortal essence, it would require a venerable’s will to battle wisdom Gu’s will. In the records in Heavenly Court, after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable became rank nine, she had spent close to one hundred years to subdue and refine rank nine wisdom Gu!”


 Fairy Zi Wei was baffled.


 Thin beads of sweat covered her forehead, and in just a few moments, she was actually perspiring.


 “Senior Jing Lan definitely suffered severe damage from this attack, she must hold on!” Fairy Zi Wei had deduced this rank eight killer move and was of course aware of its power. The investigative killer move she had put on Jing Lan was also destroyed by this attack, Fairy Zi Wei had already lost her surveillance of the battle situation.


 She immediately sent Chen Yi and others to the regional wall battlefield to reinforce Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 She herself, however, stayed in Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long was completely focused on nurturing Feng Jin Huang, he was not here. Spectral Soul was putting up stiff resistance and needed to be monitored at all times. Heavenly Court also needed Fairy Zi Wei to oversee the whole situation.


 Crack crack!


 A series of crisp sounds resounded from Jing Lan’s body.


 Fang Yuan’s sharp dragon claws fiercely stabbed Jing Lan’s chest.


 But at the crucial moment, armor interwoven with dense amounts of lightning appeared in front of Jing Lan’s chest.


 When the dragon claws landed on this armor, it was like striking the hardest steel.


 This was a rank eight passive defensive killer move, even if the Gu Immortal was unconscious, it could activate by itself if there was an attack.


 If it were before, Fang Yuan would be like a rat fighting a bull. But now, this lightning armor already looked badly damaged from one attack, it was not in its complete form.


 Thus, Fang Yuan used all his strength and tore down at it!


 The dragon claws steadily slashed down, cutting down Jing Lan’s flesh from her left shoulder to the right side of her waist. Wherever the claws passed by, lightning flashed as the lightning armor was torn apart. Three of Jing Lan’s hard rib bones were also severed by Fang Yuan’s claws.


 The dragon claws were completely intact!


 Immortal essence was rapidly expended to maintain the reverse flow protection seal that steadfastly protected Fang Yuan.


 Without this layer of protection, the dragon claws might have fractured into countless pieces just from cutting down half the way.


 The intense pain woke up Jing Lan, she was indeed a highly experienced fighter, a rank eight great expert who had resisted Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, in that instant, she realized her situation and let out a shrill scream.


 This scream was not a random scream, but an immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan only frowned, he was completely safe.


 On the contrary, this attack was completely reflected back to Jing Lan by reverse flow protection seal.


 Jing Lan’s eardrums immediately burst, her mind fell into chaos as a huge amount of blood surged internally in her head. Blood surged out of even her eyeballs, dyeing her vision red.


 Jing Lan had extraordinary battle accomplishments but maybe because she had immediately set off to fight Fang Yuan after waking up from her hibernation without loosening up and retraining her skills. Or maybe because she was startled awake from the pain and after seeing her severe injuries, she subconsciously reacted to protect herself too quickly, forgetting Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal had already underwent a complete change, which led to her making this mistake and inflicting severe damage on herself!


 Taking advantage of her situation to kill her!


 Fang Yuan’s dragon eyes shone with a cruel and sinister light.


 He swung his tail, ruthlessly knocking down Jing Lan from the air.


 Boom, the ground shook, Jing Lan was smashed to the ground like a flesh ball, creating a ten feet wide deep crater.


 “Damn it!” Jing Lan gritted her teeth, struggling to get up.


 Her injuries were extremely severe, her armor was gone and three of her rib bones were split, her beating heart and the constantly expanding and shrinking lungs could be seen from outside.


 Roar—!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan opened his mouth as wide as possible and let out his dragon breath.


 Sword light dragon breath!


 Dragon breath with unparalleled sharpness gushed out!


 The silver-white dragon breath fell down heavily upon Jing Lan’s body like a waterfall.


 Jing Lan had just stood up and the thoughts in her mind had mostly settled when the dragon breath bombarded her. With a plop, she was forced to kneel down on one knee.


 “I was actually forced to kneel down by a rank seven Gu Immortal?!” A strong sensation of humiliation filled Jing Lan’s heart, anger and hatred surging within her mind.


 “Ahhhhhhh!” Jing Lan roared towards the sky, and along with her furious roar, blue lightning erupted out of her countless pores.


 Lightning interwove together before fiercely expanding.


 Rumble...!!


 Endless lightning formed into a hemispherical light barrier that repelled everything in the surroundings.


 Within its area, be it Fang Yuan’s dragon breath or the surrounding miasma, they were all burnt to a crisp by the lightning.


 “Rank eight might is indeed not ordinary. But this attack should be your last burst of strength, right? You are already a spent force! Myriad dragon!” Fang Yuan roared.



***
Chapter 1558 - Retreat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan activated his strongest offensive method!


 Dragons roared and countless silver scales filled the sky. Myriad dragons flew and besieged Jing Lan who was at the center of the deep crater.


 “Damn, damn it...” Jing Lan clenched her teeth, fury burning in her eyes.


 After the attack just now, her aura fell to the bottom. Myriad dragons pounced at her, but she easily killed them.


 “These little worms can’t do anything! Fang Yuan, you coward, come, let’s have a real fight!” Jing Lan roared.


 Fang Yuan sneered, his true body deeply concealed in a corner.


 Myriad dragon!


 Myriad dragon!


 Myriad dragon!


 Myriad dragon....


 Disregarding the expenditure of immortal essence, Fang Yuan activated myriad dragon killer move in a frenzy.


 Jing Lan’s aura weakened rapidly, she kept on roaring and provoking Fang Yuan, but he did not move his true body.


 Myriad dragon was a peak rank seven killer move, but it was indeed not much for Jing Lan.


 Because Jing Lan still had abundant immortal essence and her Immortal Gu were also intact. But every time Jing Lan used a killer move, she would suffer backlash from the regional wall.


 She had methods to weaken this backlash, but with her current severe injuries, any backlash could be fatal.


 And also, she still had to use her healing methods, but how could her injuries be so easy to heal?


 A Gu Immortal’s injuries were difficult to treat. Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was the only exception in the world.


 After failing to lure out Fang Yuan’s true body, Jing Lan could only choose to break through.


 Myriad dragons could not stop her even when she was heavily injured. This was the Thunder Ghost True Monarch who had such astonishing battle strength that she had once stood up to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan sighed, knowing that he was stronger in defense. Although his battle strength had barely reached into rank eight level, it was not enough to take the life of an expert like Jing Lan.


 Gu Immortals of this level could not die so easily. Unless they were ambushed and trapped in immortal battlefield killer move, moreover, they had to be killed before the battlefield killer move was broken.


 Naturally, from another angle, Fang Yuan was unable to kill Jing Lan, but Jing Lan was also unable to kill Fang Yuan. Even if she was faster, she could not stop Fang Yuan from entering the regional wall.


 But even so, Fang Yuan was clearly aware that even if he could not kill Jing Lan, he still had to hunt her down.


 “I must weaken this person’s battle strength as much as possible so that I can gain as much time as possible later.” At this thought, Fang Yuan pointed his finger.


 Immortal killer move — Directional Confusion Fog!


 Originally, the fog was purple and was not big, although it could confuse even rank eight Gu Immortals.


 After Fang Yuan modified it, this move had no effect on rank eight Gu Immortals, but it had an amplified effect on rank seven and below Gu Immortals. Not only did the color change, the range was greatly expanded, but the duration shortened drastically.


 After the battle in green ghost desert, Fang Yuan had once again modified this move with his high theft path attainment level, adding in many theft path mortal Gu and even adding great thief Immortal Gu as its core to steal the enemy’s perception ability. Thus, its might had soared and could affect rank eight Gu Immortals once again!


 In an instant, large amounts of fog spread around Jing Lan, messing up her sense of direction.


 Fang Yuan took this chance to send out the myriad dragons once again to surround and attack her.


 “Oh no! I lack many of my Immortal Gu, I cannot even break a killer move of this level now?” Jing Lan tried many methods, but shockingly found she could not deal with this killer move properly.


 “‘Hm? What’s going on?” Fang Yuan was observing the whole situation, and was surprised when he saw Jing Lan unable to break through.


 After this killer move was modified by Fang Yuan, its activation was slightly more convenient, but it was still only a rank seven move.


 Fang Yuan did not even have the thought of obstructing Jing Lan with this move, his real thought had been to delay Jing Lan for some time.


 But he was surprised to see that Jing Lan actually could not break out of the fog.


 From outside the fog, Fang Yuan could clearly sense waves of Immortal Gu aura, this was Jing Lan constantly trying various methods to break the fog.


 Her moves were not completely ineffective, but they had little effect, only thinning the directional confusion fog by a small degree.


 Sharp light erupted in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he immediately continued to activate directional confusion fog!


 The fog continued to pile up layer upon layers, firmly trapping Jing Lan inside.


 “She really can’t break out.” Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile, if he had known this before, he would have already used this move and did not need to flee so miserably.


 However, any killer move’s effect would decrease if they were used multiple times. Not only would it make others be on guard, it would also reveal traces that could be deduced and deciphered.


 So Fang Yuan leaving this killer move until now was a wise choice. It was just that he had not expected it to actually be able to trap Jing Lan!


 This was a pleasant surprise.


 “This is problematic!” Jing Lan also realized this as she truly started to feel the aura of death approaching.


 Kill!


 Countless sword dragons pierced into directional confusion fog and attacked Jing Lan from all directions.


 Jing Lan could not break out the fog, instantly falling in a bitter fight.


 The regional wall was still rejecting her, every time she used a killer move, she would suffer a backlash.


 “Am I, Jing Lan, the grand Thunder Ghost True Monarch, going to die here?” As time passed, Jing Lan’s heart started to sink as the situation turned increasingly unfavorable for her.


 “No, I need to hold on, I can still fight! Even if I die, I will bring down Fang Yuan with me!” Jing Lan looked at her chest, her chest wounds were the largest and exposed her heart.


 Her heart was extremely unusual, every time it beat, it let out threads of purple lightning.


 This was her final trump card.


 “Such valiant battle strength! Even after being so heavily injured, she can still persevere and it even looks like she has enough strength left. Moreover, her will is unbreakable, even though I secretly used so many wisdom path methods...”


 After attacking for a good while, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh and gave up.


 Time was extremely important now, Fang Yuan needed to deduce and modify ghost official garment as soon as possible.


 Although the situation was completely advantageous to Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court would not just watch by. Once their reinforcements arrived, it would be Fang Yuan’s calamity then.


 There was even the possibility that Thunder Ghost True Monarch came with other Gu Immortals, but that her speed was too fast and left her companions far behind!


 Immediately making the decision, Fang Yuan left, but he did not forget to add in many uses of myriad dragon and directional confusion fog before leaving.


 Retreat!


 Fang Yuan immediately moved deeper into the regional wall.


 The five regions’ regional walls were rather safe areas for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan moved while deducing the modifications of ghost official garment.


 But soon, he found that no matter how he modified ghost official garment, its limit was still rank seven. Instead, it was better to deepen the connection between it and ghostly concealment.


 “Ghostly concealment is a rank nine killer move, although it belongs to theft path, it has ‘ghost’ in its name and is closely related to soul path as well since it blocks the perception of souls. Yama is the correct way to go, I can raise ghost official garment to a much higher level by borrowing the strength from ghostly concealment!”


 After finding the correct direction, Fang Yuan immediately began to deduce.


 He had plenty of wisdom path methods and his attainment level was also high enough, and his theft path attainment level was the one which gave him the most crucial support!


 Like this, after several days and several nights, Fang Yuan finally finished his deductions, activating yama once again.


 This completely new yama killer move made the connection between ghostly concealment and ghost official garment much more close.


 Previously, these two killer moves rejected each other, but now, they were beginning to merge together, and the rejection between them was completely gone.


 “Success!” Fang Yuan carefully felt the effects, and clenched his fists in joy.


 He was once again shielded from Heavenly Court’s deductions, making his situation turn from dangerous to safe.


 But if he canceled yama, he would once again be exposed to Heavenly Court’s deductions.


 Fang Yuan quickly moved towards Northern Plains.


 Maintaining the new yama took a lot of immortal essence. And he had already spent an enormous amount of immortal essence in the fight with Thunder Ghost True Monarch, his immortal essence reserves were almost empty now.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan had activated myriad dragon multiple times and also used directional confusion fog an unprecedentedly high amount of times.


 These immortal killer moves expended immortal essence.


 Furthermore, he had also spent a lot of immortal essence to deduce the new yama.


 All together, Fang Yuan had suffered huge losses in this battle, but it was not that he had no gains. Preserving his life was the greatest gain, besides this, there was the new yama and three rib bones of Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 “These three rib bones were cut off by my dragon claws. Every one of them is a rare immortal material. But they originate from Thunder Ghost True Monarch, I don’t dare to use them. It is better to put them in treasure yellow heaven!”



***
Chapter 1559 - Number One Rank Seven Expert!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court.


 In a vast hall, Fairy Zi Wei slowly opened her eyes, stopping her deductions as she heaved a sigh: “Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment is remarkable. He is protected from my methods once again.”


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Chen Yi was standing to the side, maintaining the killer move karma divine tree to help Fairy Zi Wei in her deductions.


 At this time, he had a complex expression as he said: “Lady Zi Wei, there is something I need to report to you.”


 “What is it?”


 Chen Yi was only helping from the side, while Fairy Zi Wei was fully focused in deducing Fang Yuan, so Chen Yi was the first to discover Fang Yuan’s action.


 He immediately reported: “Three rib bones of Thunder Ghost True Monarch are being put for sale in treasure yellow heaven.”


 “What?” Fairy Zi Wei’s expression immediately changed.


 She immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven and sure enough, saw the three rib bones being put for sale, it had already gathered the attention of many Gu Immortal wills.


 “Unimaginable, this demon Fang Yuan already has such battle strength!”


 “Sigh, his growth is too fast, he is already a demonic path overlord of this generation.”


 “Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, and has used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he naturally has an enormous advantage in cultivation.”


 “I recognize her, this is Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Thunder Ghost True Monarch, who could have thought she would actually be suppressed by Fang Yuan!”


 “Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan, this is an old senior, she is still alive?”


 “So much for Central Continent’s Heavenly Court being regarded as the number one human force. They have all along been trying to capture Fang Yuan, and even sent a rank eight Gu Immortal, but look at this, Fang Yuan actually beat her so miserably.”


 Gu Immortal wills were endlessly conversing with each other.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s body began to tremble from anger!


 Fang Yuan had not only put the rib bones for sale, he had also used some methods to continuously display his battle with Jing Lan on loop.


 Naturally, he only chose to play the part where he had successfully counterattacked and pummeled Jing Lan.


 “Do we report this to Thunder Ghost True Monarch?” Chen Yi inquired.


 Jing Lan had beaten back the myriad dragons and got rid of the directional confusion fog with much difficulty, but when she came out, Fang Yuan had already long since left without even leaving behind a trace.


 Although Fairy Zi Wei could still deduce Fang Yuan’s location at that time, Jing Lan’s battle strength had weakened extremely, her state was not optimal and she needed to recuperate urgently.


 When the reinforcements arrived later and joined with her, she once again began to chase after Fang Yuan.


 Unfortunately, the distance between her and Fang Yuan was already greatly enlarged. Fang Yuan was deep within the depths of the regional wall, Jing Lan continued to give chase but her reinforcements did not have methods to enter deep into the regional wall and could only stay at the boundary.


 Jing Lan was not resigned to this defeat, filled with anger and humiliation, she continued to chase without rest. But right at that time, Fairy Zi Wei was unable to deduce Fang Yuan any more, Jing Lan also thus lost her target.


 “Zi Wei! Where the hell is that demon Fang Yuan?” Jing Lan transmitted her voice, she was burning with rage so her tone was very blunt.


 What should have been easy prey actually caused her to land in such an extremely miserable situation with serious injuries, how could the proud Jing Lan accept this fact?


 She gritted her teeth, desperately wanting to kill Fang Yuan and erase her shame!


 Fairy Zi Wei was silent for a moment before slowly informing Jing Lan.


 “What? Even you lost him?!” Jing Lan was furious and discontented.


 “Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment is already no longer the same as before. But he will go to Lang Ya blessed land no matter what. We have already made some arrangements there. Although we failed to capture this scoundrel, we have also made huge gains, not only did we waste a large amount of his immortal essence, we also forced him to reveal many trump cards. How could a Gu Immortal like him be dealt with in one battle?” Fairy Zi Wei gently persuaded Jing Lan.


 Jing Lan was silent, standing on the spot.


 After a while, she heaved a long sigh, her anger already gone.


 “I underestimated him, this person is astonishingly talented, he is indeed worthy of being the person chosen by heaven’s will and Shadow Sect. Next time we fight, I won’t make the same mistake.”


 Jing Lan was not a reckless person, after being reminded by Fairy Zi Wei, she immediately regained her calm and the demeanor of a Heavenly Court expert, frankly admitting her mistake.


 “Compared to Fang Yuan, there is an even more troublesome matter...” Fairy Zi Wei tactfully informed Jing Lan of the matter in treasure yellow heaven.


 The calm mind that Jing Lan just regained immediately surged with waves of anger.


 “What? This guy actually dared to sell my rib bones? Outrageous, simply outrageous!”


 Jing Lan immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven, and sure enough, saw her own rib bones being put for sale. Anger surged to her head, and her eyes turned bloodshot.


 Soon after, when Jing Lan saw the projection of the scenes where Fang Yuan pummeled her, she almost crushed her teeth: “Damn that guy... when he ends up in my hands later, I will tear off his skin, pull out his tendons, and grind his bones till they turn to dust!”


 “But... this kid Fang Yuan actually put them for sale, he is indeed very cautious. Also displaying only that small portion of the battle, this guy has no shame.”


 Jing Lan breathed roughly, and with some effort, calmed down and began to think: “He definitely expended a lot of resources in this battle, did his foundation get damaged so he is selling these three bones to replenish it? Then let me fulfill your wish and buy them!”


 On one hand, Jing Lan wanted to buy the rib bones to connect them back, they would have an extremely remarkable effect on the healing.


 On the other hand, letting this scene and the rib bones stay in treasure yellow heaven for even a day would have a deep impact on Heavenly Court.


 Since ancient times, Heavenly Court had all along been publicly acknowledged as the number one force. Now, Fang Yuan selling Jing Lan’s three rib bones was like a huge slap to Heavenly Court’s face!


 It was not good for Fairy Zi Wei to make a move since Jing Lan was the one involved.


 Jing Lan also realized Fairy Zi Wei’s intent, she swallowed this humiliation as she activated a will and concealed her identity before inquiring Fang Yuan’s will: “What are you selling these rib bones for?”


 “Who might you be?”


 “I am from Eastern Sea.” Jing Lan clenched her teeth, never having thought the grand Thunder Ghost True Monarch would have to be secretive like this: “I am very interested in these three rib bones.”


 Fang Yuan’s will laughed: “There are many interested parties.”


 Jing Lan’s will clenched her teeth: “But there are few who will be bidding a high price like me.”


 Fang Yuan’s will did not act according to her expectations and inquire about the bid, instead shaking his head: “No matter how high a price you bid, I am not selling!”


 “Not selling? If you are not selling, what are you putting these here for?” Jing Lan immediately had a bad feeling.


 Fang Yuan’s will sneered: “For fun! You have a problem?”


 Guh.


 Jing Lan could not endure it, immediately spitting out blood: “Fang Yuan! I, Jing Lan, will do whatever it takes to kill you!!”


 More than ten days later, Lang Ya blessed land’s immortal formation shone with radiance that soared to the skies.


 The radiance gradually dissipated, Fang Yuan leisurely walked out of the immortal formation.


 After defeating Jing Lan, Fang Yuan had maintained the immortal killer move yama throughout the way, moving without resting towards Lang Ya blessed land.


 Because Fang Yuan still did not know Lang Ya blessed land’s true location, he had to rely on the immortal formation to directly teleport inside.


 “Finally, I don’t need to maintain yama.” Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief, as he canceled the killer move yama.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, you have finally returned!” Lang Ya land spirit was already standing outside of the immortal formation. As Fang Yuan canceled yama and showed his true appearance, Lang Ya land spirit immediately came to welcome him with a smile.


 Lang Ya land spirit was invaded and Fang Yuan had not contributed anything, why was Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude so cordial then?


 Fang Yuan was clear of it, it was completely because he had put the three rib bones of Thunder Ghost True Monarch on display in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan did not sell them, on one hand it was to strike Heavenly Court’s prestige, on the other hand, it was for Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land was invaded by Feng Jiu Ge’s group and was beaten miserably, as well as provoking Heavenly Court. Over these last days, the higher ups of the Northern Plains variant human alliance higher ups were in a constant state of anxiety and pressure.


 After all, these variant humans had once dominated the world and suppressed humans. It was Heavenly Court who led the human race to defeat these variant human races, creating the current human dominance.


 So these four variant human races were afraid of the human race, they survived by hiding in some corners of the world. Now that they had provoked Heavenly Court, it could be imagined how much pressure they were facing.


 In such a situation, Fang Yuan had pummeled Thunder Ghost True Monarch mercilessly and put the battle scene on display in treasure yellow heaven for everyone to see. Jing Lan was a famous rank eight expert in the history, such a person was also beaten back by Fang Yuan, to variant human Gu Immortals, this was tremendously good news! As the news spread, it was like sunlight shone on them, removing the gloominess in their hearts!


 “Elder Fang Yuan, you did a good job this time! Previously, I had been trying to borrow the immemorial rock dragon from the rockman race, but they had been acting ambiguous. But when the news of your battle spread, their attitude clearly changed.” Lang Ya land spirit gave an eye signal to Fang Yuan, transmitting his voice: “Now that you are back, we can intimidate the rockman race to lend their immemorial rock dragon. At that time, we will have three great rank eight battle strengths, and moving Lang Ya blessed land would not be an issue!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was in high spirits.


 Fang Yuan glanced at land spirit, he was not as optimistic as the latter. Heavenly Court definitely had made a lot of arrangements, it wouldn’t be an easy matter to relocate Lang Ya blessed land.


 However, it was not urgent right now to explain this to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan then looked at a group of variant humans behind Lang Ya land spirit.


 These people were Gu Immortals of the four races. To promote Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan returned grandly, they came to welcome him, they all had smiles on their faces at this moment.


 Snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan praised: “Elder Fang Yuan is indeed a heavenly genius, even that grand Thunder Ghost True Monarch is not your match. This battle has already set your throne as the number one rank seven!”


 Bing Yuan was all smiles, Fang Yuan was engaged to a woman of the snowman race, he was considered half a snowman. She was the one who had initiated this, the stronger Fang Yuan was, the more happy she would be.


 Previously, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge held this throne collectively, after all both had rank seven cultivation but were able to fight rank eights.


 But now, after Fang Yuan displayed the battle scene where he beat Thunder Ghost True Monarch so miserably, the whole world was shocked and in a clamor.


 Feng Jiu Ge had invaded Lang Ya blessed land, but he naturally could not publicize it. As such, Fang Yuan’s reputation suppressed Feng Jiu Ge, officially recognized as currently the number one rank seven expert in the world!



***
Chapter 1560 - Refinement Path Quasi-Supreme!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The fight depended on who the opponent was.


 If Fang Yuan had won against rank six or rank seven Gu Immortals, no one would be so surprised.


 But when the opponent was the famous rank eight expert Thunder Ghost True Monarch, it became a completely different thing.


 Truthfully, Fang Yuan did not have an easy time in this battle, but it was sufficient to establish his reputation as the number one rank seven in the world, bringing down Feng Jiu Ge.


 After this battle, Fang Yuan’s name became truly renowned in the world!


 After this battle, even those rank eight Gu Immortals would start paying heavy attention to this rank seven monster, Fang Yuan.


 Naturally, this was all Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 Although it was Fang Yuan’s defeat, as he took the initiative to retreat, he was not without any gains.


 Victory and loss in a battle was not too important, only the losses and benefits derived from the battle mattered.


 Although Fang Yuan was defeated in this battle, he had made a lot of gains. The three rib bones’ value did not lie in themselves, but in their significance.


 Fang Yuan used this battle spoil to the limit, shaking the entire Gu Immortal world. This included Chu Du’s complicated feelings, Wu Yong’s displeased expression, and Lu Wei Yin’s sigh.


 And when Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land, he immediately felt a huge difference.


 These variant human Gu Immortals, including Lang Ya land spirit, had a completely different attitude towards him, they held him in genuine awe.


 Especially in this situation when Heavenly Court was waiting to attack them, Fang Yuan had become their pillar of support.


 After all, the immemorial rock dragon was only an immemorial desolate beast, even though ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor had rank eight battle strength, it still could not compare to a genuine rank eight Gu Immortal.


 And now, Fang Yuan had pummeled a rank eight Gu Immortal, and this rank eight Gu Immortal was Thunder Ghost True Monarch who was an expert even among rank eights!


 Right now, who would even care about Fang Yuan’s rank seven cultivation?


 His battle accomplishment was displayed right in front of everyone!


 Because of this, when Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land, these people eagerly came to welcome him.


 Fang Yuan’s attitude, however, was slightly cold, he only talked a little with Lang Ya land spirit, Bing Yuan and others, while nodding towards Xue Er. Xue Er immediately lowered her head bashfully, the other snowman Gu Immortals beamed with pleasure at this.


 The variant human Gu Immortals proposed holding a feast to welcome Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan declined without hesitation.


 “The current situation is quite dangerous, the important thing right now is to make the best use of time to get through this danger.” Fang Yuan said this indifferently, but the variant human Gu Immortals nodded and exclaimed in agreement.


 Fang Yuan’s status had truly changed.


 These variant human Gu Immortals truly treated him as a rank eight Gu Immortal. Compared to their similar status with Fang Yuan before, they were now slightly lowering their heads and had a humble attitude.


 On one hand, it was because of Fang Yuan’s powerful battle strength that could pummel Thunder Ghost True Monarch; on the other hand, a great enemy was in front of them, they needed Fang Yuan’s help.


 “Everyone can leave now, I need to talk with first supreme elder in private.” Fang Yuan waved the immortals to leave without any politeness.


 Fang Yuan then transmitted his voice to Lang Ya land spirit: “I am first a supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, only after that am I a member of the alliance.”


 These words were spoken with sincerity which immediately made Lang Ya land spirit feel good, thinking Fang Yuan had not forgotten his origin and was still their member. The gloominess he felt from Fang Yuan persuading him to hand over refinement path true meaning had also decreased by a lot.


 The group of immortals was tactful, taking their leave.


 Lang Ya land spirit grabbed Fang Yuan’s arm, vanishing from the spot and appearing in the first cloud city.


 “With your perceivable dao Immortal Gu, we found that they had really made some arrangements in the blessed land. We need to get rid of these harmful dao marks first if we want to move Lang Ya blessed land.” Lang Ya land spirit was worried.


 Fang Yuan felt slightly strange: “First supreme elder, with your refinement path attainment, isn’t refining these dao marks your specialty?”


 Lang Ya land spirit said in a distressed tone: “Heavenly Court is indeed Heavenly Court, their methods are extremely unusual. I have used almost all methods, but am unable to do anything to these dao marks.”


 A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Heavenly Court had indeed made ample preparations with their extremely profound foundation. Since they made arrangements, they were not worried of it being discovered, and even more unafraid of it being broken. Perhaps Fairy Zi Wei had already taken Lang Ya land spirit’s skills into her consideration.


 “I wonder if my self cleansing killer move will have any effect?” Fang Yuan was rather confident in this method, after all he had gotten rid of inextinguishable star target by using this move.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan did not want to immediately make an attempt.


 He said to Lang Ya land spirit: “Since that is the case, then let me be direct. First supreme elder, please take out the refinement path true meaning, after I become a refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster, I will surely be able to resolve this problem.”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression immediately changed, this refinement path true meaning was his ultimate treasure, he was going to take it out now and give to Fang Yuan, a human Gu Immortal. He naturally did not feel well, and was reluctant to part with it.


 However, since he had already agreed to Fang Yuan before, and with the grave situation in front of them, even if he was reluctant, he could only nod at this moment.


 After a while, Fang Yuan finally saw the refinement path true meaning of Long Hair Ancestor.


 True meaning was an extremely special form of will.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan was personally seeing a lump of true meaning. This true meaning had the appearance of Long Hair Ancestor sitting cross-legged, its whole body was shining and crystal-clear, it did not have a physical body and looked like it was purely made from diamonds.


 The absolute majority of wills could move about themselves, continuously expending themselves to think and move. But the true meaning was completely still, like a statue.


 However, it was because of this characteristic that this true meaning could exist for so long. If it was able to move around and think, it would have already been expended completely.


 “You... take it.” Lang Ya land spirit had an extremely complicated expression as he looked at the Long Hair true meaning for a good while before sighing and saying to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded and stepped forward, his eyes widened as an attractive force appeared that absorbed this Long Hair true meaning into his mind.


 Long Hair true meaning entered Fang Yuan’s mind, immediately letting out brilliant radiance.


 The diamond-like radiance shone upon Fang Yuan’s mind, forming an area of imposing light.


 Fang Yuan immediately sat cross-legged and closed his eyes, his expression firm.


 He began to use many wisdom path methods, immediately, shocking waves rose in his mind as countless thoughts and all kinds of wills charged at the Long Hair true meaning, constantly colliding, constantly absorbing, learning and comprehending.


 Everything progressed smoothly, Fang Yuan completely absorbed this Long Hair true meaning in several hours, turning it into his own foundation.


 This was the complete understanding of Long Hair Ancestor towards refinement path, now it completely turned into Fang Yuan’s cultivation resource.


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level, which had been relatively unspectacular the entire time, now soared to quasi-supreme grandmaster in one step!


 “This is truly ascending to heaven in one step! Even if it were the time of five regions chaotic war where dream realms manifested, I would not have such an accomplishment from exploring dream realms!” Even Fang Yuan felt extremely moved, his gain was truly enormous!


 Although he had completely absorbed the refinement path true meaning, Fang Yuan still remained seated without budging, whole-heartedly savoring his advancement.


 Refinement path!


 This was a very special path.


 Gu Immortals who cultivated this path were most proficient in refining Gu.


 The way of Gu cultivation had three elements: nurture, use, and refinement.


 Now, in terms of refining Gu, Fang Yuan had become extraordinarily skilled, among all the Gu Immortals in the entire five regions, there was almost no one who could match the current Fang Yuan in his understanding towards refinement path.


 “But, just attainment level is still not enough. What I currently lack are experiences of refining Gu, refinement path Immortal Gu, and refinement path killer moves.” Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of himself.


 “But as long as I practice these things, my progress will be extremely rapid, to the point of simply skyrocketing. After all, I am now a quasi-supreme grandmaster!”


 “Who could have thought that after raising my theft path attainment level to great grandmaster, my refinement path would become quasi-supreme grandmaster in just a short time!”


 Fang Yuan pondered with closed eyes, carefully comprehending the changes brought by refinement path attainment level.


 He casually flipped through a Gu recipe, with just one glance, the mortal Gu recipe completely revealed its profundities to Fang Yuan, and with another thought, Fang Yuan could raise this Gu recipe to its most optimal level.


 He looked at an Immortal Gu recipe, it naturally had much more contents than the mortal Gu recipe, and its difficulty also rose sharply. But this did not beat Fang Yuan, he discovered he only needed to concentrate on the contents and some problems would immediately become clear with just some thinking.


 For some more complex rank eight Immortal Gu recipes, Fang Yuan needed to use wisdom path methods to constantly ponder. But because of quasi-supreme refinement path attainment, his thoughts would not have errors.


 Sometimes, he did not even need to deduce, he could just refine an Immortal Gu based on intuition or determine if an Immortal Gu recipe was usable.


 Looking at an Immortal Gu recipe which he understood completely before, he was now able to instantly think of a large number of improvements, the more he thought, the more modification plans he discovered.


 And regarding incomplete recipes, unlike before when he had to deduce with the help of the light of wisdom, the difficulty had decreased by countless times now. Naturally, he was not all-knowing, and would still need the respective path’s attainment level to deduce many incomplete recipes.


 “In the history of refinement path, there were only three supreme grandmasters. I now have quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, not just in the current era, even throughout history, based on refinement path attainment level, I should be in the top ten.”


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength might not have changed, but his view was no longer the same, it had almost been elevated to the highest point of Gu cultivation.


 Standing at this height, Fang Yuan could simply look down upon the entire Gu cultivation process.


 Countless insights emerged in his mind.


 “The way of Gu contains nurturing, using, and refinement, they are actually one to begin with!”


 “The nurturing of Gu worms has the element of refinement, the element of refinement contains the element of use, and the element of use also contains both nurturing and refinement.”


 The current Fang Yuan could look at a complete Gu recipe and tell how this Gu worm should be nurtured and what its effects were.


 With his comprehension, he could also reverse-deduce how the Gu worm should be refined from the way it was nurtured and used.


 “Wait a moment, I understand now! Actually, any killer move, be it mortal or immortal killer move, can be considered as an incomplete Gu recipe.”


 Fang Yuan’s body suddenly shook as he comprehended this maxim of refinement path!



***
Chapter 1561 - View At The Peak


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was one of the greatest pursuits of refinement path — combining all kinds of killer moves into one Gu worm!


 For instance, mortal killer move self strength.


 This move was a strength path killer move which Northern Plains Gu Immortal Su Xian Er had created for her daughter Hei Lou Lan. Its core was strength path, but it treaded on soul path and qi path, once it was activated, it could produce a human phantom, the phantom’s appearance was lifelike and was a portrayal of the Gu Master’s inner consciousness.


 Moreover, this strength path phantom could act on its own and chase its enemies.


 There were altogether fifty Gu worms used in forming this killer move.


 According to Fang Yuan’s current comprehension of the refinement path maxim: any killer move, be it of mortal or immortal level, could be considered as an incomplete recipe.


 That was to say, self strength killer move’s contents could be altered by taking out and adding in various kinds of Gu materials, continuously improving it until it becomes a Gu recipe for self strength Gu.


 When the Gu recipe is perfected and self strength Gu is refined, activating just this Gu worm could produce a strength path phantom!


 The benefits of this were clear as day.


 A killer move condensed into a Gu worm reduced the amount of Gu worms used to only one. When the Gu Master activates it, not only would it be extremely convenient and fast, the primeval essence expended would also be much less than activating the killer move.


 Another example was immortal killer move myriad self.


 This move was Fang Yuan’s unique creation, it combined enslavement and strength path, made from the merging of killer moves like dragon horse spirit, three heads six arms, rat epidemic, thunder explosion. leopard rush, horse barrage, three hearts combination soul, beast phantoms, six arm heavenly zombie king, and so on.


 The core Immortal Gu were Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, and Cleanse Soul. The supplementary Gu worms were all-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu, borrow strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, refine essence spirit Gu, earth strength Gu, water strength Gu, wind strength Gu, lightning strength Gu, fire strength Gu, heavenly essence treasure king lotus Gu, lurking soul coat Gu, breath concealment Gu, group strength Gu, as well as all kinds of soul path mortal Gu.


 This killer move clearly had lots of contents, it was extremely troublesome to activate.


 It was because Fang Yuan had practised it frequently to the point where it had become a kind of instinct that he was able to use it freely in battle.


 But in fact, it contained countless extremely complex steps.


 What if this killer move was elevated and refined into a Gu?


 Myriad self Immortal Gu!


 It would clearly be extremely convenient and usable!


 Fang Yuan would only need to transfer immortal essence and activate this Gu worm to produce tens of thousands of strength path phantoms, quickly and conveniently.


 Fang Yuan did not have qualifications to do this before, but now with his quasi-supreme refinement path attainment, he had the ability to reach this level!


 All kinds of killer moves refined into Gu worms!


 Fang Yuan’s heart thumped with excitement, but he did not lose his calm as he continued to ponder.


 “I now have the ability to elevate killer moves into Gu worms.”


 “However, even though there are killer moves that can be refined into a Gu worm like myriad self, some killer moves cannot, like purple blood river formation or ignited thought flying rock. If these killer moves are condensed to their limit, they will comprise multiple Immortal Gu. Later on, I will need to coordinate and activate these multiple Immortal Gu to use the killer move.”


 “This method has benefits and demerits as well.”


 “The benefits are that it will be much more convenient and quick, the exhaustion of mind is also sharply reduced. But there are disadvantages, first, when myriad self killer move is condensed into a myriad self Immortal Gu, other Immortal Gu might be required to be used as Gu materials to refine it. Moreover, the power of just myriad self Immortal Gu might not be as strong as myriad self killer move.”


 Myriad self killer move used so many Immortal Gu and supplementary mortal Gu, while myriad self Gu would only be one Gu, if its rank was just rank six or rank seven, it would have limited dao marks, thus not enough power.


 “Another thing is that when only a Gu worm is used, it will be easy to counter. Killer moves are complicated but they are also much more difficult for others to deduce and decipher.”


 Killer moves could also be continuously adjusted and elevated. For instance, myriad self killer move had the variation moves strength path giant hand and reverse flow protection seal.


 But myriad self Gu itself would not have the potential to be elevated further.


 “Of course, the overall benefits in elevating killer moves to a Gu worm is still much higher. Simply because the Gu could be used as the core of the original killer move anyway, raising its power and also preventing it from being deduced easily.”


 “Even if some Immortal Gu have to be used as Gu materials during the refinement process, I can refine them again!”


 This ability would be extremely helpful to Fang Yuan.


 Look at myriad self first, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal was a variation move of this killer move. Since the start, it was extremely troublesome for Fang Yuan to activate reverse flow protection seal, he needed time to prepare for it because of the complicated procedures, and if there was even a slight mistake, the killer move would fail and inflict backlash to himself.


 But if he had myriad self Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could modify reverse flow protection seal, greatly simplifying its steps and activating it much faster.


 With this, his battle strength would rise by another level!


 Fang Yuan possessed a lot of killer moves, but the ones he used frequently were few.


 Myriad self could be condensed and elevated, purple thought perception starlight could be condensed into multiple Immortal Gu, ancient sword dragon transformation could also be condensed into one Gu worm. By then, with myriad self Immortal Gu and ancient sword dragon Immortal Gu, he could use just two Immortal Gu to unleash the killer move myriad dragon!


 Divination tortoise transformation, self cleansing killer move, hundred and eighty slaves, enslavement after victorious fight, and so on could also be condensed and elevated.


 As Fang Yuan continued to ponder deep into this subject, he suddenly had another insight.


 “Wait, be it killer moves or refining Gu, they are both basically the utilization of Dao.”


 “Isn’t my reverse flow protection seal using Reverse Flow River? And didn’t Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s orderly well use City Well?”


 “City Well and Reverse Flow River are not Gu worms, why could they be used? Isn’t it because they are secluded domains of heaven and earth, containing a huge amount of dao marks which are then used by us?”


 Fang Yuan thought about it again, the nurture, use, and refinement of Gu worms were in essence, Dao.


 There were too many Gu cultivation paths1, fire path, water path, metal path, wood path, strength path, wisdom path, soul path, rule path, poison path, theft path...


 “These paths all involve the nurture, use, and refinement of Gu, all involving Dao, this is in fact a kind of Dao that connects us to heaven and earth!”


 Suddenly, the most classic phrase of the Gu cultivation world appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth!


 Never had Fang Yuan’s understanding of this phrase been as profound as this moment.


 “I want to condense and elevate killer moves into Gu worms, I need to take out Gu worms, add in Gu materials, and merge them into one.”


 “Immortal Gu are the fragments of the Great Dao, Gu materials are the accumulation of dao marks, as long as the path is the same, they can be substituted with each other.”


 “The reason why killer moves like reverse flow protection seal and orderly well can be activated is because Reverse Flow River and City Well have an abundant amount of dao marks that can take the place of Gu worms. From this point of view, these two killer moves have actually progressed from killer moves to Gu recipes!”


 As Fang Yuan continued to ponder, many of his questions from before were being clearly solved.


 Refinement path was actually rather special, although it was one path, it was related to every path. The comprehension gained from becoming a quasi-supreme grandmaster was much broader and deeper than any of Fang Yuan’s accomplishments in other paths.


 “Thinking about it, I am using landscape as before Immortal Gu to restore Dang Hun Mountain, it looks like I am using a Gu worm on the surface, but it can also be seen as using the killer move landscape as before. Any killer moves can be seen as an incomplete Gu recipe, thus from another angle, this is also Gu refinement.”


 “Only that what I am trying to refine is not a Gu worm, but a rank nine immortal material — Dang Hun Mountain!”


 Fang Yuan was only rank seven, but he could refine rank nine immortal material?


 The important thing here was the orderly well killer move, which was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s method. And back then, the orderly well killer move that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable used on Dang Hun Mountain was of rank nine level.


 Realizing this point, Fang Yuan immediately got many new ideas for the restoration of Dang Hun Mountain.


 “Dang Hun Mountain can be restored, it can also be used as a core like Reverse Flow River and form an immortal killer move!”


 “Oh! I understand! The peak of soul cultivation recorded in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance —the Three Headed Thousand Arms Demon Soul, isn’t it an artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth?”


 “Also, the rank nine killer move ghostly concealment of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable has countless dao marks working together and can function endlessly without adding any immortal essence, this is also an artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth!”


 All along, Fang Yuan did not understand why ghostly concealment did not need immortal essence and could continue working all the time.


 But now, he came to a realization.


 Did Dang Hun Mountain require immortal essence? No.


 Did Luo Po Valley require immortal essence? Also no.


 Spectral Soul forcibly resisted the calamities and tribulations, although he used immortal essence to activate killer moves, in essence, he did not require immortal essence to possess his extremely powerful battle strength.


 But this did not mean all kinds of dao marks could be casually piled together with enough quantity to form a secluded domain of heaven and earth, or form a killer move like ghostly concealment.


 Dao marks needed to coordinate together.


 Wasn’t this coordination just Gu refinement? The required Gu materials needed to be selectively chosen.


 Wasn’t it nurturing Gu? The required food materials needed to be of a certain standard.


 Wasn’t it using Gu? The coordination between Gu worms was the coordination between dao marks.


 Fang Yuan continued to ponder deeply for a long time before slowly opening his eyes.


 Three days and three nights had passed.


 He had absorbed the refinement path true meaning in a few hours, but his comprehension used up three days and three nights!


 Fang Yuan’s black eyes shone brightly, he looked even more unfathomable now.


 “You...” Looking at Fang Yuan’s eyes, Lang Ya land spirit became uncertain with shock.


 “What’s wrong?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed: “The air you gave off a moment ago made me feel like I was looking at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable... any Gu Venerable was publicly recognized as a supreme grandmaster of their own path.


 Fang Yuan was already able to reach their boundary with his refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment.


 He was no longer looking up at the towering mountains, from the level below, he was able to observe the scenery!


 This was the view at the peak of Gu cultivation!



***
Chapter 1562 - Emperor Yama!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Slumbering lightning python!” Lang Ya land spirit gave a loud shout.


 At the next moment, lightning bolts flashed and interwove together, forming a huge dragon-like lightning python.


 Lightning was yang, python was yin. The lightning python contained yin and yang, not only was the wild nature of the lightning curbed, it even showed some gentleness.


 As a result, the lightning python was not ferocious, but graceful and lovely.


 It moved in a zigzag pattern, slowly coiling around a mountain-like elephant shaped rock. The python constantly crushed the rocks into the finest powder.


 Refinement path had four publicly recognized strongest immortal killer moves to deal with immortal materials. One of them was slumbering lightning python.


 Lang Ya land spirit originated from Long Hair Ancestor, he naturally had extreme proficiency in them.


 This killer move was elevated to rank eight by using rank eight refinement path Immortal Gu.


 They could not process this rank eight immortal material elephant armor mountain without the rank eight slumbering lightning python.


 This was an immemorial immortal material of information path.


 Lang Ya land spirit had already been processing immortal materials for several hours now, over ten rank eight immortal materials had already been processed, these immortal materials were divided into various categories and were all of information path.


 Slumbering lightning python gradually dissipated, elephant armor mountain had completely been turned into fine powder. The powder gathered with other immortal materials, and under Lang Ya land spirit’s methods, they all formed a constantly rotating multicolored whirlpool.


 “It is done, you can stop the immortal formation.” Lang Ya land spirit let out a breath of relief, extremely exhausted.


 Immediately, a hairy man Gu Immortal removed the refinement path immortal formation.


 With the immortal formation gone, the aura of the multicolored whirlpool immediately started to spread, the distant wisdom Gu was like a kitten that had smelled fish as it flew over and jumped right into the whirlpool, looking drunk.


 “So wisdom Gu had such a trait.” Fang Yuan said with a moved expression.


 “According to legends, wisdom Gu’s recipe contains a large amount of information path immortal materials. In nature, a wild wisdom Gu can only complete its advancement in areas that are full of information path dao marks.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood.


 Wisdom Gu’s Gu recipe was not recorded in both Spectral Soul’s true inheritance and Lang Ya true inheritance. Only Heavenly Court had some records.


 Fang Yuan could not control wisdom Gu, but he could move this lump of multicolored whirlpool from afar.


 As for those over four thousand years of lifespan Gu, he had already collected them after refinement path true meaning.


 “I had to trouble first supreme elder to personally act, I will gradually repay this debt.” Fang Yuan spoke in a sincere way to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Although the method of moving wisdom Gu was simple, the cost was not anything small.


 Various rank eight immortal materials had to be merged to create this temporary multicolored whirlpool. And this whirlpool would gradually dissipate not long after, it had no use besides deceiving wisdom Gu to change location.


 This cost was naturally borne by Fang Yuan.


 After discussing with Lang Ya land spirit, both sides came to an agreement to let Fang Yuan owe the cost for the time being and not immediately pay. After all, Fang Yuan had just been through an intense battle, he urgently needed to fill his immortal essence reserves.


 This was also because of the rise in Fang Yuan’s status. Before this, he would not have been able to enjoy such great benefits.


 But now, after he had pummeled Thunder Ghost True Monarch, he had the dominant status when communicating and negotiating with Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Time is tight, I will immediately go into closed cultivation and use all my strength to deduce a way as fast as possible to get out of this predicament.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Good, good, then I won’t disturb you.” Joy flashed by Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes, his exhausted look easing by a lot.


 Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s group had invaded Lang Ya blessed land and taken several cloud cities. But by some luck, Fang Yuan’s cloud city had evaded this calamity and was still safe.


 This might also be related to Fang Yuan’s powerful luck.


 Fang Yuan entered closed cultivation, the other variant human Gu Immortals wanted to get close to him, but Fang Yuan did not meet any of them including those of the snowman race.


 Inside sovereign immortal aperture.


 Immortal killer move — Strength Reversing Life and Death!


 “This move is a strength path killer move, it is not too suitable for my time path clone, I need to modify it into time path in the future.”


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone immediately turned back into an immortal zombie and arrived in front of wisdom Gu.


 After a while, wisdom Gu erupted with the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan’s time path clone sat cross-legged and began to think rapidly in the light of wisdom.


 The issue of the dao marks left by Feng Jiu Ge’s group in Lang Ya blessed land was shelved aside by Fang Yuan.


 Comparing Lang Ya blessed land’s safety and his own, his was of course more important.


 “Right now, the most crucial thing is to elevate yama. Otherwise, once I come out of the blessed land, the immortal essence to maintain yama is really too high.”


 If yama was not elevated, Fang Yuan would be in an extremely passive situation.


 If his location was exposed and Heavenly Court continued to make deductions, they would learn of even more secrets which Fang Yuan absolutely did not want to see.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had thought it was much better to use ghost official garment along with ghostly concealment’s power to block Heavenly Court’s deductions.


 The killer move yama was a successful result of his attempts.


 But now, Heavenly Court had a lot of clues on Fang Yuan, the current yama was not enough to protect him.


 This deduction continued for over a month.


 Of course, the light of wisdom was not used the whole time.


 The whole process went smoothly for the most part, because Fang Yuan had great grandmaster attainment in theft path, quasi-supreme in refinement path, and also had good grasp over ghostly concealment, ghost official garment and other killer moves. The process slowed slightly because of his slightly lacking soul path attainment.


 The biggest difficulty was during the mid-late stage. But it was also resolved after Fang Yuan added rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.


 The killer move yama had a huge transformation, Fang Yuan renamed it to emperor yama!


 Emperor yama had four main components. Ghostly concealment, ghost official garment, Soul Beast Token and myriad self.


 “Although I have deduced emperor yama, it can only be considered an initial version, I will need to activate it and constantly adjust it.”


 “My main body will be in charge of this. As for the clone, it will continue to deduce the way to deal with the dao marks left by Feng Jiu Ge.”


 Just like this, Fang Yuan stayed in Lang Ya blessed land for about half a month.


 Fang Yuan finally came out of his closed cultivation.


 His clone had already completed its deduction task, Fang Yuan found the method to resolve the problem of the dao marks left by Feng Jiu Ge.


 He gave this method to Lang Ya land spirit. The latter’s expression immediately changed at this, cursing Heavenly Court’s sinister craftiness.


 It turned out that if refinement path methods were used to get rid of these dao marks, it would instead help these dao marks. The killer move self cleansing was also ineffective. Heavenly Court was not a match for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in soul path, but their refinement path foundation was not any weaker than Lang Ya Sect. After all, among the three supreme grandmasters of refinement path, only Long Hair Ancestor was a hairy man, while the other two were humans, and most of their inheritances were gathered by Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan was a quasi-supreme grandmaster, he saw through this scheme and even provided the simplest way to deal with it.


 Fang Yuan could quickly deal with these dao marks when Lang Ya blessed land was relocated. Other methods would require more than ten years.


 So the question returned back to the starting point – Lang Ya blessed land’s relocation.


 “What do we do? Maybe Heavenly Court intentionally made this arrangement to force us to relocate the blessed land.” Lang Ya land spirit was very worried.


 Fang Yuan also had the same worry.


 Heavenly Court had not made any movement in this period of time, but it did not mean they had given up. It was more likely that they had already made preparations and were waiting for Lang Ya blessed land to expose its location.


 But if they didn’t relocate, Heavenly Court would find this location sooner or later.


 “Looks like we can only prepare to relocate. This is the recipe for myriad self Immortal Gu, if it is refined, it will be a huge boost to my battle strength.” Fang Yuan said as he gave a Gu recipe to Lang Ya land spirit.


 This was the result of his recent deduction.


 Using his refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment, Fang Yuan was confident this was already the most outstanding recipe possible.


 “Myriad self Immortal Gu?” Lang Ya land spirit’s attention was immediately attracted. Although his obsession was different from the previous land spirit, he had originated from Long Hair Ancestor after all.


 “If your Immortal Gu recipe is refined, it will be at least a rank seven. But, several of the immortal materials are in scarce amounts in the sect’s storage. It will be difficult to purchase them in a short time period even from treasure yellow heaven.” Lang Ya land spirit gave a bitter smile.


 “No worries, I will gather these immortal materials myself.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, giving a slight smile, his gaze deep and eerie.


 With the new emperor yama killer move in his hands, he intended to use this chance to test out this move’s power in a real battle!



***
Chapter 1563 - Meng Tu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southeast of the northern icy plain, north of Inkman City, northwest of poison grassland, and at the extreme south of Meng tribe, there was a place called autumn blade plain.


 This was a special land created naturally, it was flat with no grass growing on it.


 Meng Tu walked step by step in autumn blade plain.


 He was tall and well-built, and had a bronze luster to his skin. He was wearing an armored vest that revealed his shoulders. His pants were rolled up, revealing his calves.


 He was walking barefoot.


 The plain and natural ground was as sharp as knives, as Meng Tu walked on this silver soil, it was like walking on a mountain of blades, as his every step left behind a trail of blood.


 But his expression was without a change. He was silent, his eyes closed, and his brows slightly knitted as he pondered over a doubt in his mind.


 “Autumn blade plain is full of blade path dao marks, forming countless edge Gu naturally. I have been walking back and forth barefooted for several years now, but what is it that I am lacking for which I am still unable to make a breakthrough in my blade path attainment level?”


 Blade path was an extremely small path, it could not be compared to paths like metal path, fire path, earth path and so on.


 Sword path could not be left out when mentioning blade path.


 These two paths were deeply interconnected and yet conflicting with each other. Because the origin of these two paths was the same, that was edge Gu.


 Regarding edge Gu, it was recorded in >. Ren Zu was walking in Ordinary Abyss where some places were swampy, it was easy to get stuck in the mud, and the stench was foul. Some places were full of thorns, sharp pointy tips were everywhere, Ren Zu suffered a lot of injuries. In some parts of the ground, there were also edge Gu. When Ren Zu stepped on the ground, his soles were injured by the sharp edges, his injuries became larger as blood flowed, when he walked, the pain could be felt striking deep within himself.


 Edge Gu was the origin of both blade path and sword path.


 Many wild edge Gu were produced in nature, autumn blade plain was one of the few edge Gu production areas in five regions, and was controlled by the super force Meng tribe.


 Meng Tu was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated blade path and had peak rank seven battle strength. He was a genius when he was young, and grew rapidly, becoming a famous expert of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, and was one of the pillars of Meng tribe.


 Several years ago, he gave a request to the tribe’s Gu Immortals, wanting to stay in this autumn blade plain. On one hand, he could look after this important resource point of the tribe, while on the other hand, he was doing this in consideration of his own cultivation.


 His blade path had been stuck at quasi-great grandmaster level, he wanted to use this autumn blade plain, by imitating Ren Zu’s actions, to truly step into great grandmaster level!


 But over these years, although he made some gains, he was always obstructed by a thin veil from stepping into great grandmaster.


 Meng Tu had a determined personality, he refused to give up even after not seeing results for several years.


 “Sigh, breaking through to great grandmaster realm is truly difficult! The tribe’s supreme elders all praised me as a blade path genius rarely seen once in a thousand years, but I am still only at quasi-great grandmaster level even after hundreds of years.”


 “Although I have already sensed the thin veil obstructing me which seems to be so near to me, it feels like it is far away in the horizon and is as difficult as stepping into heaven!”


 “But I need to continue walking, this method still has some effect. Some day, I will definitely be able to become a blade path great grandmaster!”


 “Huh? Who is it?”


 Right at this time, the Gu formation that covered the whole of autumn blade plain was destroyed abruptly, revealing the clear blue sky.


 A figure descended with overwhelming aura, directly charging at Meng Tu without even saying a word!


 “Such guts!” Meng Tu shouted in fury, he did not dodge, instead counterattacking with a knife-hand stance.


 A loud sound resulted from the collision, the attacker was stable like a mountain, while Meng Tu was sent flying from the force


 “My immortal killer move might look like it has no momentum, but all its power is contained within, I can easily break the ordinary defenses of rank seven Gu Immortals. But this person is uninjured after taking my attack head-on! This is a powerful enemy!”


 Meng Tu was surprised, he quickly stabilized his footing and shouted at the attacker: “State your name. You dare to intrude on my Meng tribe’s territory!”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed madly, saying in a completely altered voice: “Meng Tu, of course you don’t recognize me, but that is not an issue, because the dead do not need to know too much.”


 Myriad self Immortal Gu’s recipe required an enormous amount of edge Gu, more importantly, it required a kind of special rank seven immortal material that was deep under autumn blade plain – drinking blade wine.


 This wine was not produced naturally; it was an unusual product formed from the bloodstains left by Meng Tu, which had seeped deep into the ground and merged with this place’s blade path dao marks.


 Fang Yuan knew from his first life’s memories that Meng Tu bitterly cultivated here to breakthrough to blade path great grandmaster, but was never able to meet with that opportunity.


 Meng Tu failed to breakthrough, he imitated Ren Zu by inserting edge Gu in his heart to deepen his understanding of blade path. The killer move he created was incomplete and had serious hidden side-effects, Meng Tu’s mind gradually started to be affected and he would often fall into a mad demonic state.


 Meng Tu also knew that this was not the ideal method, but he kept on insisting on cultivating relentlessly, hiding it from others.


 When the five regions chaotic war started, Meng Tu took part in battles, however, the side-effect started up during a battle, he fell into a crazed demonic state, killing his own tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 After Meng Tu regained his senses, he concealed all traces while also fabricating false reasons, concealing this from the tribe.


 However, as this happened suddenly, Meng Tu was not able to deal with the traces completely, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals slowly noticed some clues and found the truth.


 Meng Tu faced huge pressure, Heavenly Court came and secretly instigated him.


 Meng Tu had initially felt fortunate and wanted to use Heavenly Court to make contributions and make up for his mistakes, but how could Heavenly Court be schemed against by him, a blade path Gu Immortal?


 Meng Tu was instead schemed against by Heavenly Court, he made mistakes again and again until he had no way out other than to side with Heavenly Court.


 To support this chess piece, Heavenly Court deduced the opportunity to advance to great grandmaster, which was the drinking blade wine deep underground in this place.


 Meng Tu followed Heavenly Court’s guidance and came to autumn blade plain, he dug the ground and extracted a large amount of drinking blade wine.


 When he took a small sip, his organs felt like they were being cut by blades, when he took a large sip, he felt so much pain that he wished for death, by the time he took the third sip, he had advanced to blade path great grandmaster.


 From then onwards, he completely devoted himself to Heavenly Court and became the spy with second highest status in Northern Plains after Prince Feng Xian.


 Later on, due to a lucky coincidence, his identity was exposed by Ma Hong Yun, but that was another story altogether.


 Fang Yuan had deduced and confirmed that this place contained drinking blade wine, although the quantity was not much, he only needed a small amount. As for this Meng Tu, Fang Yuan had carefully picked him to test his emperor yama killer move.


 Fang Yuan could not find a rank eight Gu Immortal to test the might of his emperor yama, that would be looking for trouble. As for ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan had no use for them. However, Meng Tu, who had peak rank seven battle strength, and was already renowned as a blade path quasi-great grandmaster, was an extremely good choice.


 So Fang Yuan made a long trip to autumn blade plain, directly looking for trouble with Meng Tu.


 “The attack just now was Meng Tu’s hidden killer move, its power is beyond ordinary, but I could block it with just emperor yama. This defensive method is pretty good.”


 Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 He had already activated emperor yama.


 He was covered in a yellowish-brown robe of an emperor, turning into a ten feet giant.


 The giant had a crown on its head which had strings of pearls in front and back. Its face was deep and dark, as if it was shrouded by a layer of fog, or was a dark whirlpool. Its sleeves were long and wide, it had a jade belt on his waist, and a bronze armor was covering his chest and back. The surface of the robe was adorned with golden threads that had weaved into thousands of ghostly monsters who stood orderly and without moving, giving a dignified aura.


 Meng Tu’s attack was not without any effect, the thin bronze armor on emperor yama’s chest had a dent.


 But with a little consumption of Fang Yuan’s soul foundation, this dent immediately bulged up, restoring itself.


 This was the specialty of emperor yama!


 Rank nine ghostly concealment did not expend anything and also functioned on its own, while ghost official garment relied on soul foundation.


 Emperor yama, which was a combination of the these two moves, did not require immortal essence, but spent Fang Yuan’s soul foundation!


 “Meng Tu, you are nothing much. You have cultivated here for several years, what new killer moves have you created? It will be a real pity if you don’t use them before your death.” Fang Yuan provoked.


 Meng Tu laughed from anger, then looked at Fang Yuan with pity: “No matter who you are, you are seeking your own death by challenging me here! There used to be a defensive immortal formation here, but do you know why I persuaded the tribe to take it back?”


 “Because as long as I am here, there is no need for an immortal formation to guard this place!”


 Meng Tu fiercely stomped on the ground with his right foot.


 At the next moment, the ground shook as endless blade lights surged up, countless blade path phantoms gathered into a huge army, surrounding Fang Yuan tightly.



***
Chapter 1564 - Decent, I Suppose


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In a blink of an eye, Fang Yuan was already surrounded tightly by countless blade path phantoms. Not only this, the endless blade lights filled the whole sky, isolating inside from outside.


 “Whoever you may be, your defensive killer move is indeed amazing!” Meng Tu was protected by many layers of blade path phantoms, he gazed at Fang Yuan deeply before smiling and rubbing his hands to ease the numbness from the previous force.


 “But!” Meng Tu raised his head slightly at the tall emperor yama, his gaze filled with pity: “You should never have come to find trouble for me here in autumn blade plain.”


 “Hehe, actually, it was not wrong to find trouble for me here, but your timing is really bad, if it were when I had just come here, you might still have some chance at survival. But now, hehehe...”


 Meng Tu laughed, holding his hands behind his back as he shook his head.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan continued after Meng Tu’s words: “But now, this place is already filled with your traces. Since years back, you have been comprehending blade path here, trying to breakthrough to blade path great grandmaster realm. Thus, you can greatly influence the dao marks of this place to form an environment that is close to an immortal battlefield killer move1, like this scene in front of me.”


 “You...” Meng Tu’s expression immediately changed. He had believed no one knew of his trump card, and thus had never expected Fang Yuan to not only be unsurprised, but also speak of his trump card in such a familiar way.


 Fang Yuan’s low and deep voice continued: “Do you know why I am looking for trouble with you? It is precisely because you have this method which can form such a battlefield environment. This is close to an immortal battlefield, but it is still not a true immortal battlefield, with an essential difference that your influence is already at its maximum, you are unable to control it at will, so it might have trapped me, but aren’t you also trapped?”


 Meng Tu’s pupils shrunk rapidly, his pleased mood had completely disappeared.


 “Who exactly are you?” He asked Fang Yuan nervously.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, looking at his surroundings: “Although your blade path phantoms are in high numbers, their quality is not up to par. It happens that I also have a similar method, why don’t we spar a little.”


 Fang Yuan’s yellowish-brown emperor robe suddenly emitted countless howls and shrieks. Next, those ghostly monsters weaved on the surface of the robe came alive, and started to move, then jumped out of Fang Yuan’s emperor yama robe one by one, turning from small to large!


 These ghostly monsters had human shapes, but they all had malevolent and terrifying faces, knife-like claws, and bloodshot eyes, looking quite horrifying.


 “Kill!” Meng Tu narrowed his eyes, as he mobilized his blade path phantoms to charge towards these ghostly monsters.


 These blade path phantoms all had his appearance, but their faces were vague, and compared to the size of the ghostly monsters, they were like rats against carriage wheels.


 The ghostly monsters howled and spread their huge arms like a tall tree waving its branches.


 Bang bang bang, all the blade path phantoms on their way were destroyed.


 The monsters ran amok while letting out crazed screams and howls, easily crushing all the blade path phantoms on their way.


 “These ghostly monsters are really powerful, each having rank seven battle strength!” Meng Tu had rich battle experience, as he noticed this with just a short observation. His heart immediately felt as heavy as a mountain, his eyelids twitched violently.


 “But it doesn’t matter, my blade path phantoms are created from the natural dao marks in autumn blade plain which are almost endless. Although the quality is not good, it can be made up with the quantity!”


 Meng Tu quickly calmed down.


 “Hmm, these yama children have quite the battle strength.” Fang Yuan assessed inwardly and was pleased.


 These ghostly monsters originated from the ancient soul beasts that Fang Yuan had gathered in green ghost desert.


 After Fang Yuan deduced the killer move emperor yama, he modified these ancient soul beasts, changing them into human shapes and turning them into yama children.


 This inspiration came from blood deity Immortal Gu’s recipe.


 Fang Yuan was a grandmaster in blood path, with the light of wisdom’s help, he had already completed the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe.


 The current Fang Yuan, with his refinement path quasi-supreme attainment, could change any Immortal Gu recipe into an immortal killer move.


 So Fang Yuan was able to grasp the immortal killer move blood deity.


 The killer move Yama child was deduced from consulting not only blood deity, but also some main contents of Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 For example, soul beast modification.


 Spectral Soul modified the soul beasts in the Door of Life and Death, causing them to become loyal to him, they even faced Duke Long without fearing death.


 There was also another soul path immortal killer move — Life and Death Retrieval.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had created this immortal killer move by comprehending the secluded domain of heaven and earth, the Door of Life and Death.


 What kind of place was the Door of Life and Death?


 When any living being die, their soul would return to the Door of Life and Death. It was only when Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu that the Door of Life and Death’s power weakened greatly, allowing countless souls to linger behind in the living world to gradually turn into soul beasts.


 Life and death retrieval had the power to let the Gu Immortal retrieve souls from the Door of Life and Death.


 Fang Yuan completely merged this move into emperor yama, giving his yama children the ability to instantly return.


 Soon, a yama child gave a miserable shriek, its thigh was broken and it was knocked down onto the ground, countless blade path phantoms immediately flocked towards it.


 But Fang Yuan willed: “Return.”


 At the next moment, this yama child immediately turned into fog which flew back into Fang Yuan’s emperor robe, turning back into a monster image that was motionless, but was filled with injuries and a broken thigh.


 “It can do this?” Meng Tu was astonished once again, his hands, which had been held behind his back, were loosened as his gaze towards Fang Yuan turned somewhat stunned.


 This was too outrageous!


 Meng Tu had been intending to rely on quantity to kill every yama child, but had not expected them to be able to return like this.


 Theoretically, any killer moves could be deciphered, but Meng Tu was a blade path Gu Immortal and not a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Even if he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, against a rank eight killer move like emperor yama, unless he was a wisdom path great expert, how could he decipher it on the spot?


 Even Fairy Zi Wei could not decipher it on the spot.


 When deducing reverse flow protection seal, she had to repeatedly gather clues from battles, continuously accumulating them before she was able to gain some results.


 Fang Yuan’s emperor yama used ghostly concealment as its base. This rank nine killer move was an artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth at the same level as Reverse Flow River, how could Meng Tu break it?


 Meng Tu simply could not deduce it, he could only summon his courage to continue fighting with Fang Yuan.


 However, the yama children’s quantity was limited, although they killed a large amount of blade path phantoms, the injuries accumulated to a serious degree and they were recalled by Fang Yuan.


 On the battlefield, there were fewer and fewer yama children, while blade path phantoms seemed to be unlimited. After all, Fang Yuan had limited time, he was not able to modify enough soul beasts.


 “This battle has likely weakened autumn blade plain’s foundation by more than half.” Meng Tu’s expression was gloomy.


 The price he had to pay was high as he was using the whole of autumn blade plain, the future benefits of Meng tribe, to engage in a battle of attrition with Fang Yuan.


 But regardless of how much he had to sacrifice, Meng Tu still persisted with this tactic.


 Fang Yuan’s previous words had truly scared him, he had already regarded Fang Yuan as the strongest enemy in his life, so he was cautiously using any available methods to deal with Fang Yuan.


 But, this was also what Fang Yuan intended to attain with his words.


 Only this Meng Tu could be the best whetstone to test his emperor yama killer move.


 There were less than ten yama children left and they stood on guard beside Fang Yuan, while the unlimited number of blade path phantoms surged towards them like a tidal wave.


 “The speed of recovery is passable.” Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he had been standing on the same spot from the start, unmoving like a millennium old tree.


 By now, the first yama child he had recalled to his emperor robe had already recovered completely.


 When these yama children modified from soul beasts returned to the robe, they would start recovering from their injuries. Naturally, it expended Fang Yuan’s soul foundation.


 This involved a profundity of Gu refinement.


 The yama child was still a soul beast and the healing, from another angle, was like a Gu refinement process.


 “If I bring out these recovered yama children, I wonder what expression Meng Tu will have.” Fang Yuan smiled inwardly, but did not do this, instead using another method.


 “Let me see emperor yama’s offensive prowess.” At the next moment, Fang Yuan inwardly called out: “Soul explosion!”


 The emperor yama suddenly spread its arms, its whole body shook as vast waves of darkness erupted out from it.


 The yama children were completely safe in the dark waves, only shaking like they were being blown at by a fierce wind.


 But those blade path phantoms were like weak candle-flames under a storm, instantly extinguishing!


 In an instant, the whole battlefield was cleared, the unlimited blade lights were instantly destroyed.


 Meng Tu was sent back hundreds of steps from the soul explosion and was half-kneeling on the ground, a glaring radiance was being emitted by his whole body as he pushed his defensive killer moves to their limits.


 “Such power!” Meng Tu quickly stood up and looked up at Fang Yuan with a shaken expression: “This killer move is truly amazing, it should be a combination move containing both offense and defense! Its defense is so strong, and there is also the powerful method of sending out troops, but its strongest point is its offensive power! I have never seen or heard of this killer move, was it created by this person? If so, then who in the world is this person who can create such a killer move?”


 “This soul explosion effect is decent, I suppose.” Fang Yuan gave a nod of approval.


 One yama child was completely used to create the power of a peak rank seven killer move, but it still did not reach rank eight.


 “Defense, yama child, recovery, soul explosion... these aspects are all at the peak of rank seven. But emperor yama’s true power lies in two other aspects. Let’s try this.”


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking, Meng Tu had already charged over, shouting: “Come, try my killer move, heaven and earth blade!”


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 In an instant, a ghost hand, as if from the netherworld, that was as large as a handheld fan appeared behind Meng Tu and directly entered his body. It then came out, disappearing from sight once again.


 Puff!


 Meng Tu suddenly coughed out a mouthful of blood, the core Immortal Gu of heaven and earth blade was robbed, the killer move failed and the backlash immediately inflicted serious injuries on him.


 “What’s going on? Where is my Immortal Gu?!” Meng Tu’s heart shook in unprecedented fright!



***
Chapter 1565 - Forced To Die


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Previously, in green ghost desert, Fang Yuan had used great thief ghost hand to steal rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.


 Great thief ghost hand was only a rank seven move, and its core was rank seven great thief Immortal Gu. But with the help of the killer move yama, its power rose to the point where it could steal a rank eight Immortal Gu from the legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou’s body.


 Back then, great thief ghost hand’s effective range was extremely short, which required Fang Yuan to get near the target.


 After returning, Fang Yuan modified yama, adding in great thief ghost hand to form the completely new emperor yama killer move. Right now, great thief ghost hand not only had a long range of effectiveness, it also had the ability to conceal itself.


 It was not strange for Meng Tu to be struck by it, instead it would be unusual if he was not struck.


 “This is your blade path Immortal Gu? Oh, a white butterfly’s appearance and the size of a fist, is it bladewing Immortal Gu?” Fang Yuan recalled the great thief ghost hand, he was holding a rank seven Immortal Gu in his hand, which looked like a butterfly with layers of exquisite cloud patterns on its wings.


 Cold sweat dripped from Meng Tu’s forehead, he was lying weakly on the ground, he looked at Fang Yuan with narrowed eyes and spoke in a hoarse voice: “You... you actually seized an Immortal Gu from my immortal aperture? Did you obtain a true inheritance of Thieving Heaven?”


 “True inheritance of Thieving Heaven... hehe, your guess is correct, I obtained one indeed.” Fang Yuan sneered as he stored bladewing Immortal Gu into his immortal aperture right in front of Meng Tu, sealing it in Heaven Sealing Mountain.


 Meng Tu’s eyelids twitched violently.


 Bladewing Immortal Gu was not his vital Gu, but he had raised it from its rank five mortal Gu stage. He had failed dozens of times and expended a huge amount of resources, as well as time and energy to raise it. He had never expected there would be a day where it would be forcibly seized.


 Anger surged in Meng Tu’s heart. But even more than anger was fear.


 Why did Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable become a calamity of the world in the past? Wasn’t it because of his Immortal Gu stealing methods? Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could even steal things that were hidden in immortal apertures. And now, Fang Yuan had reproduced Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s method, the nightmare that he had casted upon an entire era was like a thick layer of dark clouds that shrouded Meng Tu’s heart.


 Meng Tu healed his injuries to the best of his abilities while speaking with a tensed expression: “Since you are a theft path Gu Immortal and have also inherited Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, then you should be aware of the rule set by your ancestor Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable back then. Thieves have their own honor, always leave room for appeasement and never act too overbearingly! Since you have taken my bladewing Immortal Gu, what else do you want? If you want anything else, I can lend them to you.”


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had rampaged throughout the world, with no one able to stop him.


 But Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was not evil by nature, he was good natured at his core, he advocated honor and glory. All he wanted was to return home, his cultivation journey and resources stolen were meant for this purpose.


 After the five regions’ Gu Immortals knew of his goal, as well as being aware that they could not defend against Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s methods, whenever they ran into Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, they would lend anything Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable wanted as long as it did not endanger their lives.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not have insatiable greed, after he obtained the things he wanted, he spared the lives of the Gu Immortals and let them off. In most cases, he only took what he wanted, he did not care about other Immortal Gu or immortal materials no matter how high their value was.


 Since Fang Yuan inherited Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true inheritance and was Thieving Heaven’s inheritor, Meng Tu knew he could not win, and since the situation was extremely bad, he directly asked for mercy.


 Fang Yuan frowned, mumbling: “If you truly want to do this, it is also not impossible...”


 Just as he was speaking, Fang Yuan’s eyes suddenly glinted, pushing his hands forward as he activated immortal killer move soul explosion!


 A vast wave of darkness immediately surged towards Meng Tu.


 Meng Tu did not dodge, instead laughing: “You really thought that I, Meng Tu, am a person who begs for mercy?!”


 Just as he ended his words, he was submerged by the soul explosion’s dark waves. But shortly afterwards, his body let out bright blade lights as he boldly self-detonated!


 Boom!!


 A loud explosion with terrifying might threw chaos into the whole of autumn blade plain!


 After the explosion, not even the corpse of Meng Tu remained, while Fang Yuan’s emperor yama was mostly destroyed.


 The quasi-immortal battlefield that covered the entirety of autumn blade plain also completely disintegrated, and autumn blade plain’s surface sank by five to six feet.


 Fang Yuan quickly used his investigative methods to scan the battlefield, and after several scans, he finally confirmed Meng Tu was truly dead.


 “Meng Tu actually self-detonated!” Fang Yuan was surprised and had a strange expression, he had not expected Meng Tu would be so bold and direct.


 This was clearly somewhat different from the memories in Fang Yuan’s first life.


 If Meng Tu was someone who disregarded life and death, why would he have sided with Heavenly Court?


 It was because of this, Fang Yuan had felt Meng Tu was not strong-willed, so when Meng Tu asked for mercy, Fang Yuan subconsciously chose to believe him.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan never intended to let go of Meng Tu, but when he was about to make a move, Meng Tu had self-detonated one step ahead of him!


 Such determination and will was truly too straightforward.


 “Maybe Meng Tu’s nature was gradually changed by all kinds of events. After all, humans do change. Also, in my first life, it was Heavenly Court who made a move, they definitely used some exquisite methods and plans to instigate Meng Tu.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head as he gave one final glance at autumn blade plain before flying away quickly.


 Almost all the edge Gu in autumn blade plain were destroyed after this battle. But their growth potential had become bigger, because with Meng Tu’s self-detonation, all his blade path dao marks were engraved in this land.


 Fang Yuan had obtained little benefit in this battle.


 Besides testing out emperor yama and obtaining the rank seven bladewing Immortal Gu, he did not achieve his original intention, which was Meng Tu’s soul and immortal aperture.


 Meng Tu’s firm resolution had decreased Fang Yuan’s benefits, his goal was achieved — even in death, he did not let the enemy obtain the maximum benefits.


 After Fang Yuan displayed great thief ghost hand, Meng Tu knew that his Immortal Gu could be stolen one after the other by Fang Yuan, with his serious injuries and the fact he was trapped at this place, he had no hope of escaping so he resolutely chose to self-detonate. From his point of view, it was a rather sensible action.


 “It has always been difficult to prepare oneself for death, this Meng Tu has true courage! In my first life, he sided with Heavenly Court, he was cast aside by his tribe and Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, sullying his reputation as a shameless person. This life, although he died, he will definitely have the glory of a fallen hero.” Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 Regardless, his goal was still achieved after the battle.


 Before stealing bladewing Immortal Gu, he had secretly taken out the drinking blade wine from deep underground. In the process, he had casually stolen hundreds of edge Gu which was better than nothing.


 Fang Yuan retreated extremely quickly.


 Autumn blade plain was in the territory of Meng tribe, when Meng Tu saw Fang Yuan intruding, he would have definitely sent a message to the tribe.


 So not long later, Meng tribe will sense Meng Tu’s death and many Gu Immortals would come to inspect autumn blade plain.


 The items were already obtained, Fang Yuan was looking towards the future when Northern Plains obstructed Heavenly Court’s expansion, so it was not worthwhile to kill these Northern Plains Gu Immortals, as it would weaken Northern Plains and be basically helping Heavenly Court.


 As he was not in a fight, emperor yama’s robe gradually shrunk to a silk-like clothing, while the thin bronze armor on Fang Yuan’s chest and back stuck to his muscles.


 “Oh? Someone is deducing me.” After a while of flying, Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed.


 Meng tribe was a super force and had specially nurtured a wisdom path Gu Immortal. They were definitely shaken by Meng Tu’s death and were sure to look for the culprit.


 Fang Yuan held his breath, carefully looking at his emperor yama killer move.


 Emperor yama’s robe gradually expanded and continued to expand along with the increase in intensity of the deduction of Meng tribe’s wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan was defending against the other side’s deduction while also calculating his soul foundation expenditure.


 Meng tribe’s wisdom path Gu Immortal deduced for a while before stopping, gaining no results.


 Fang Yuan nodded, greatly pleased: “Emperor yama’s defense against wisdom path deductions has become stronger and is at rank eight level. Even if Fairy Zi Wei deduces about me, I can block her!”


 The conclusion was, emperor yama’s defense and offense were at peak rank seven level. The yama children were extremely difficult to deal with, not only could they act flexibly, they could also rapidly recover, and even if there were losses, they could easily be replenished with soul beast modification.


 Even more amazing was great thief ghost hand, this method could steal rank eight Immortal Gu. In this battle, with just one attack, it had determined his victory, forcing Meng Tu, a peak rank seven expert, to self-detonate.


 At a similar level to great thief ghost hand was emperor yama’s defense against wisdom path deductions. This was also what Fang Yuan needed the most.


 “However, emperor yama still has room for improvement.”


 “I should design an immortal battlefield killer move with emperor yama as the core.”


 “This time, Meng Tu sealed the area, isolating himself from the outside world. If he had not shot himself in the foot, he could have freely escaped, and it would have been much more difficult for me to kill him.”


 “Also, if I had an immortal battlefield killer move, when Meng Tu wanted to self-detonate, I would have sensed it one step earlier.”


 Fang Yuan was always striving for improvements, he believed emperor yama could still be elevated further.



***
Chapter 1566 - Meng Tribe’s Pursuit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Two Gu Immortals were flying rapidly in the sky, they had rough appearances and were tall and well-built. They were Meng tribe Gu Immortals Meng Zi Zai and Meng Zhao.


 Like Fang Yuan had expected, the moment he showed himself, Meng Tu sent the message of an attack to the tribe.


 But later, Meng Tu had used the blade path dao marks to cover autumn blade plain with an environment similar to an immortal battlefield, he was no longer able to send messages.


 With such an important message like an invading enemy, Meng tribe naturally would not ignore it. They immediately sent a rank seven Gu Immortal, Meng Zi Zai, and a young rank six Gu Immortal, Meng Zhao, to deal with the enemy.


 “Uncle, who do you think this ignorant guy who dared to intrude on our Meng tribe is? Hehe, I think it is probably a demonic Gu Immortal who cultivates alone without any contact with the outside world.” Meng Zhao said with a smile towards Meng Zi Zai.


 Meng Zi Zai was stone-faced, but his eyes revealed a relaxed gaze as he agreed: “Your guess is logical, but you need to plan for the worst in everything. Currently, Longevity Heaven has appeared in front of everyone to unite every Huang Jin tribe, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has disappeared somewhere, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu has turned to the righteous path, the righteous path is at its peak. But there is actually someone who dared to go against the general trend and came to find trouble with my Huang Jin tribe, this fellow is either a lunatic or has some background. This is why the tribe sent us as reinforcements to prevent against any accident.”


 “Uncle, you are right. But...” Meng Zhao paused before laughing: “That person is truly unlucky, they went into autumn blade plain which is guarded by Lord Meng Tu. Lord Meng Tu cultivates blade path and has quasi-great grandmaster blade path attainment, he is ranked among the top three rank seven experts in the tribe!”


 “He might not just be a quasi-great grandmaster anymore.” Meng Zi Zai sighed.


 Meng Zhao’s eyes brightened: “Uncle, you mean that...?”


 Meng Zi Zai smiled: “He is the senior brother whom I admire the most in my life, no one in the tribe can match his talent in blade path. He has been cultivating in autumn blade plain for the past years, with his talent, he should have reached great grandmaster realm.”


 “Blade path great grandmaster! He is indeed worthy of being Lord Meng Tu!” Meng Zhao said excitedly.


 “Hahaha, that’s right.” Meng Zi Zai laughed, he had received a lot of care from Meng Tu in his cultivation, he held Meng Tu in the highest regard. So when Meng Tu messaged the tribe about the enemy, Meng Zi Zai requested to be sent to aid Meng Tu. In fact, he had utmost confidence in Meng Tu, and he only came to catch up on old times with Meng Tu and introduce Meng Zhao to him.


 Meng Zhao had been carefully picked by Meng Zi Zai as a Gu Immortal junior to be nurtured by the tribe. Meng tribe also had various factions representing their respective political benefits.


 Meng Tu and Meng Zi Zai were of the same faction, Meng Zhao was selected by Meng Zi Zai to draw in new blood to this faction.


 Meng Zhao also knew the significance of this trip, so he was very excited.


 “Autumn blade plain is not far away from here, we can see senior brother after a short while. Sigh, I have not seen him for a few years, if he could become a blade path great grandmaster, it will be a huge help to our faction.” Meng Zi Zai inwardly thought.


 But right at this time, his body suddenly shook violently, then his expression paled, and his eyes widened in extreme shock.


 “Uncle? What’s wrong?” Meng Zhao noticed the change in Meng Zi Zai’s expression and was doubtful. Since meeting Meng Zi Zai, he had never seen this calm uncle show such an appearance.


 But Meng Zhao saw Meng Zi Zai becoming even more abnormal.


 Meng Zi Zai had unknowingly lowered his speed, before finally floating in the air without moving like a statue.


 His expression was deathly pale, his eyes were red and tears actually dripped down.


 Meng Zhao’s heart shook even more, something huge had definitely happened, but he did not dare to continue asking. He could only accompany Meng Zi Zai as they faced the chilling wind.


 Meng Zi Zai was dazed for a good while before his expression changed once again. He looked terrifying, his eyes filled with raging fury.


 Meng Zi Zai gave a loud shout, the shout was like thunder, resonating over all the surroundings. He then shot forward at an extremely fast speed.


 Meng Zhao was caught off-guard, but quickly followed after coming back to his senses.


 But how could his speed compare to the rank seven Gu Immortal Meng Zi Zai?


 Soon, he was thrown far behind.


 Meng Zhao was very puzzled: “What’s going on?”


 He had a bad feeling in his heart: “Wait a moment! Uncle’s direction is towards autumn blade plain. Has Lord Meng Tu met with danger?”


 Meng Zhao’s whole body shivered at this thought.


 If it were really like this, then this was no doubt like a nightmare to him, and was very bad news for Meng tribe as well.


 If Meng Tu, who had peak rank seven battle strength, died, then it was an extremely great loss for Meng tribe!


 Meng Zhao hurried to autumn blade plain with all his strength.


 “This... what happened here?!” Meng Zhao was shocked, before even reaching autumn blade plain, he could sense the surging blade path dao marks in the air.


 Autumn blade plain’s original layout was already completely destroyed, replaced by countless blade marks which crazily cut across the land, forming pits and trenches all over the area.


 Meng Zhao soon saw Meng Zi Zai kneeling on the ground, still like a statue.


 He carefully descended to the ground, the dense blade path dao marks here stabbed into his skin, causing him to feel bursts of pain.


 He walked to Meng Zi Zai’s side and shockingly discovered streams of tears on the latter’s cheeks!


 Meng Zhao only saw Meng Zi Zai in autumn blade plain, he did not see Meng Tu. That guess in his mind immediately became more distinct by countless times, causing his expression to involuntarily turn into that of fright.


 Meng Zi Zai slowly opened his eyes and looked at Meng Zhao, saying in a deep and hoarse voice that let anyone that heard it know the intense pain and anger he was restraining in his heart.


 “Brother Meng Tu... has died in battle!”


 Meng Zhao’s whole body shivered, despite already guessing it, when he heard Meng Zi Zai verifying it, he still could not endure the extreme shock.


 Meng Tu had actually died in battle?!


 With his battle strength, who could kill him?


 Meng Zhao opened his mouth, and after a long while, said: “Uncle, Lord Meng Tu is so powerful, how could he be so easily killed? Maybe he is still alive and has only shifted the battle elsewhere.”


 But Meng Zi Zai slowly shook his head: “When we were on the way just before, the tribe sent me a message saying Meng Tu’s soul lantern was extinguished. But I still held hope... until I arrived here...”


 His voice choked as tears flowed out of his eyes once again.


 A man does not easily shed tears, unless it is truly a heart wrenching matter!


 Meng Zi Zai continued in a weak voice: “I know he has a killer move called blade sacrifice which is a self-destruction method, it destroys his immortal aperture, Immortal Gu and other resources to let out an unprecedentedly terrifying might. Using this move means he is definitely dead.”


 “If so...” Meng Zhao quickly looked at the whole battlefield, feeling even more shocked.


 Meng Tu was dead!


 Such a powerful Gu Immortal had actually died, forced to self-detonate within such a short period of time.


 Who in the world was the enemy?!


 All kinds of past events and memories surfaced in Meng Zi Zai’s mind.


 He had never expected a situation where Meng Tu died.


 Meng Zi Zai cried for a while before slowly standing up.


 His face turned expressionless as he said to Meng Zhao: “You should return, our Meng tribe definitely won’t let the matter of Meng Tu’s death go. But this enemy is unimaginably powerful! Meng Tu had immediately sent a message when the enemy appeared, we also moved out at once, moving here without resting the whole journey. But in such a short period of time, Meng Tu was unable to protect himself and was forced to self-detonate by the enemy.”


 “I know his temperament, he probably wanted to use this move to drag the enemy with him. But from the looks of it, there is no traces of the enemy’s death. This is a powerful enemy which even blade sacrifice could not kill!”


 “I must give chase, I will catch the culprit even if I have to spend my whole life! This is beyond your ability, you should return to the tribe and cultivate, don’t let this news be exposed.”


 Meng Zhao nodded with a heavy heart: “I understand, you must be careful, uncle.”


 With Meng Tu’s death, Meng tribe had lost a capable expert and this was not a light loss to them. At the same time, they had got in trouble with a powerful enemy with a mysterious origin and unknown goal, Meng tribe would seal this news for the moment to maintain stability.


 As for Meng Zhao, his cultivation was too low and his status was not high, which could be seen from how the tribe had still not informed him of Meng Tu’s death.


 “Don’t worry. Second supreme elder is personally coming with the Immortal Gu House Investigation Courtyard.” Meng Zi Zai patted Meng Zhao’s shoulder.


 Meng Zhao nodded his head, putting his heart at rest as he left.


 With Immortal Gu House Investigation Courtyard, they did not have to fear even if they encountered a rank eight existence.


 Meng Zhao did not have to wait for long as he saw Investigation Courtyard appear in the horizon.


 Not long later, Investigation Courtyard came to a stop, Meng tribe’s second supreme elder walked out of the courtyard, nodding at Meng Zi Zai solemnly before immediately starting to inspect the battlefield.


 But why would Fang Yuan leave behind any clues?


 After Meng tribe’s second supreme elder finished inspecting, his expression turned even heavier.


 Meng Zi Zai said: “This mysterious enemy is very clean with their methods, I have already inspected the battlefield earlier, they have dealt with the traces with extreme proficiency.”


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder nodded his head: “No worries, we have Investigation Courtyard here!”


 Investigation Courtyard was an information path Immortal Gu House, its specialty was to gather information. Meng tribe’s second supreme elder immediately activated one of its killer moves.


 They actually managed to find some clues.


 “He went in that direction, chase!” Meng tribe’s two Gu Immortals entered the Immortal Gu House and chased after Fang Yuan with fury and hatred.



***
Chapter 1567 - Front-back Divine Obstruction Needles


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The clues end here!” Meng tribe’s Immortal Gu House Investigation Courtyard slowly stopped in the air.


 Meng tribe’s two Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 Meng Zi Zai looked ahead at a lush valley that was starkly different from the surrounding grassland.


 Such a valley would not form naturally, but the two Meng tribe immortals were not surprised. Meng tribe’s second supreme elder said in a heavy voice: “This is Sleeping Lady’s Divine Needle Valley.”


 Meng Zi Zai frowned: “Is it her?”


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder was silent.


 Sleeping Lady was a rank seven lone immortal who cultivated sound path, she did not have outstanding battle strength but she controlled an immemorial desolate beast divine hedgehog. This divine hedgehog was a sword path immemorial desolate beast, and had an ability to shoot out all the spines on its body, which was extremely fast and had terrifying power.


 Sleeping Lady created Divine Needle Valley, being in control of the area between Meng tribe and Murong tribe.


 She not only had the powerful method to control an immemorial desolate beast, her political wisdom was also excellent. She lived right between the two super forces, so no side dared to truly go against her. Because if one side did that, Sleeping Lady could easily side with the other super force.


 The two Meng tribe Gu Immortals were silent.


 The situation could become messy.


 They followed the clues here, but they had not actually obtained any specific information regarding Fang Yuan.


 Sleeping Lady’s own strength was not Meng Tu’s match, but if she sent the divine hedgehog, she might be able to kill Meng Tu.


 This indeed made her a suspect. But...


 This matter was troublesome to handle.


 Meng tribe and Murong tribe had quite a good relationship with Sleeping Lady, they had expressed goodwill to her since long ago, trying to win her over and preventing her from siding with the other party.


 The relationship between Meng tribe and Murong tribe was obviously not good.


 Every super force had an instinct to expand their territories. Meng tribe and Murong tribe were so close to each other, how could their relationship be good?


 If Sleeping Lady was the culprit, how could she have such guts by herself? So it was very likely she had already sided with Murong tribe. As a super force and a righteous Huang Jin tribe, Murong tribe could not attack another righteous path super force for no reason, so it was entirely possible for them to have used Sleeping Lady as the front.


 If Sleeping Lady was not the culprit, then how should the two Meng tribe Gu Immortals investigate? Slight carelessness might make Sleeping Lady develop thoughts of siding with Murong tribe, then Meng tribe’s losses would undoubtedly be even bigger.


 The two Gu Immortals pondered for a long while before second supreme elder finally said: “Let’s go, we will make a visit to Sleeping Lady and inform her of Meng Tu’s death. Only by being open and direct will Sleeping Lady realize our Meng tribe’s intention. After all, the clues stop at her Divine Needle Valley.”


 Meng Tu nodded his head.


 Investigation Courtyard had not concealed its traces, so the two Meng tribe Gu Immortals’ arrival had already startled Sleeping Lady.


 However, Sleeping Lady maintained her composure, she had the qualifications and the confidence to cope with all situations, patiently waiting for the two Meng tribe Gu Immortals to come to her.


 When Meng tribe’s two immortals reached her residence, they immediately narrated the situation to her. She then understood the situation and also realized how serious this matter was!


 First, she declared her innocence which was immediately verified by the Meng tribe Gu Immortals. Secondly, she herself was worried when she heard that the clues disappeared in Divine Needle Valley.


 “This mysterious culprit could kill Meng Tu, he definitely has powerful methods and terrifying battle strength. Friends, please do me a favor by coming with me to inspect the whole Divine Needle Valley.”


 Sleeping Lady took the initiative to ask for help.


 Meng tribe’s two immortals were joyous, this was what they wanted so they immediately agreed.


 The three immortals moved in a group, carefully searching Divine Needle Valley.


 Sleeping Lady was afraid too.


 She had some knowledge of Investigation Courtyard’s power, since the clues disappeared in Divine Needle Valley, it was very likely the culprit was still hiding in her valley. Since this mysterious culprit could so viciously kill Meng Tu, why would he not be able to deal with her?


 The three immortals searched for a long while but gained no results.


 Meng tribe’s two immortals glanced at each other, the second supreme elder intentionally saying: “We have searched almost the whole Divine Needle Valley, is the killer really not here?”


 Meng Zi Zai pretended to unintentionally reply: “Isn’t there still an area which we have not searched?”


 Sleeping Lady knew these two were putting on a show, but she was not the culprit and sincerely wanted to search this place, so she nodded: “I specially designed this Divine Needle Valley for the divine hedgehog, only the deepest area of the valley is left now, please follow me.”


 Meng tribe’s Gu Immortals followed Sleeping Lady to the depths of the valley.


 An enormous pure-white hedgehog was resting at the dark valley floor. It was sleeping in a curled up position, its breaths were long and slow. It was covered with extremely sharp spines which were full of sword path dao marks.


 The divine hedgehog was as large as a hill, Meng tribe’s two Gu Immortals slowly flew to its side, they were like ants in front of a carriage wheel.


 “Such an amazing immemorial desolate beast!” Meng tribe’s second supreme elder softly praised.


 Sleeping Lady’s expression somewhat softened, this was her most important capital that allowed her to survive in between two super forces.


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder carefully inspected before saying: “This batch of front-back divine obstruction needles seems to have very high quality. Sleeping Lady, when are you picking them?”


 The sharp spines on the divine hedgehog’s body were rank eight immortal materials that could be plucked. Every sharp spine was a front-back divine obstruction needle.


 Every time the divine hedgehog encounters a dangerous situation, it would shoot out all its sharp spines to kill the enemy. These released spines naturally could not be put back. When the divine hedgehog goes to sleep, new spines would once again grow on its body.


 Sleeping Lady had unique methods which could make the divine hedgehog fall into deep sleep constantly. Doing that after feeding it till its full, Sleeping Lady gained an economic pillar which was the business of front-back divine obstruction needles.


 These front-back divine obstruction needles were mostly sold to Meng tribe and Murong tribe, while the remaining small portion was put on sale in treasure yellow heaven.


 Sleeping Lady thus was quite well off. Northern Plains was poor in resources, but Sleeping Lady relied on this divine hedgehog to live a far better life than most of the Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals.


 “I will pick them up soon, there will be four hundred and thirty-six needles this time.” Sleeping Lady replied seriously.


 There were over a thousand spines on the divine hedgehog, but Sleeping Lady needed to leave behind those short spines to continue growing. What she plucked were the longest spines. Also, she could not sell all the spines, because without these spines, the divine hedgehog’s battle strength would fall severely.


 “Let’s start.” Meng Zi Zai suggested.


 “Please examine carefully, I will make the divine hedgehog remain asleep.” Sleeping Lady said.


 Meng tribe’s two Gu Immortals began to search for clues with Investigation Courtyard, the commotion was huge but Sleeping Lady’s sound path killer move made the divine hedgehog remain deep asleep.


 If the divine hedgehog was startled awake, it would definitely become furious and vent its anger on them, attacking randomly. Sleeping Lady had not completely subdued this beast, after all, she was not an enslavement path Gu Immortal.


 “We have a new clue!” After a long while of searching, Meng Zi Zai suddenly said with a spirited expression.


 Sleeping Lady was terrified: “This person actually infiltrated this deep into the valley and I did not sense it?”


 The three immortals followed the trails found that it continued deeper down.


 The three immortals followed the trail all the way, unknowingly reaching deep underground where the clues increased further.


 Not long later, the trail changed direction, winding up towards the surface.


 The three immortals followed the trail cautiously, arriving at the surface after a while.


 “This is the territory of Murong tribe, it is hundreds of li away from Divine Needle Valley.” Meng tribe’s second supreme elder frowned.


 The clues completely disappeared here.


 Meng Zi Zai’s gaze flickered, Sleeping Lady fell silent, she would not make any statements in such a delicate juncture.


 The three immortals inspected the surroundings for a long while, but did not find any other clues.


 Sleeping Lady proposed to return to her valley to rest, Meng tribe’s two immortals had not found any clues, so after thinking for a moment, they agreed.


 But how could they have known when they returned to the valley, there was a shocking discovery waiting for them.


 The extraordinary divine hedgehog was still in a deep sleep, but its whole body was bare, all the front-back divine obstruction needles were gone!


 “What’s going on? My divine obstruction needles! I had stayed guard in Divine Needle Valley without going out for a hundred years, spending a large amount of food to feed the divine hedgehog and not stinting on repeatedly using my killer move to make it sleep before I was able to get it to this scale!” Sleeping Lady was pale with shock as she shouted in an anguished voice.


 Meng tribe’s two immortals looked at each other, cold sweat dripping from their forehead, because they suddenly realized they were used by someone!



***
Chapter 1568 - Sleeping Lady Spits Blood


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I want Meng tribe to give me an explanation, now! Otherwise, although I might be a lone cultivator, I won’t let this matter drop!” Sleeping Lady fiercely stared at the two Meng tribe immortals.


 Her losses were truly disastrous. This caused her to be so anxious and furious that she directly demanded for an explanation even though the other side was Meng tribe.


 She was not like Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan lost his guts Gu business but still had many income sources like dragonfish business, spirit snake transactions, regretful spiders, eerie fire dragon python and so on.


 To Sleeping Lady, losing these front-back divine obstruction needles was the same as losing her main financial pillar. Although she still had the divine hedgehog, to regrow the front-back divine obstruction needles would require time as well as an enormous investment!


 Sleeping Lady had a long-term plan, every time she harvested some front-back divine obstruction needles, she did not pick all of them, instead leaving behind most of them to continue growing.


 But the person who stole the front-back divine obstruction needles was too vicious, they did not leave behind even one tiny spine for Sleeping Lady.


 Sleeping Lady’s losses were not only those spines which had grown to the limit, her future prospects were also affected.


 “A pity that I don’t have methods to move this immemorial desolate beast into my immortal aperture! Putting it outside is truly not safe!” Sleeping Lady’s fists trembled, she even had a passing thought of suiciding.


 But actually, even if she could move it, it would be troublesome.


 First of all, she did not have full control over the divine hedgehog, if this immemorial desolate beast acted up inside her immortal aperture, she would suffer severe losses.


 Secondly, if Sleeping Lady was about to undergo tribulation, heaven’s will would send much more powerful calamities and tribulations that would specifically target the divine hedgehog.


 Finally, the divine hedgehog was Sleeping Lady’s trump card to survive between Meng tribe and Murong tribe. If she placed it in her immortal aperture, and there was a fight in the future, she might not be able to release it in time to face the enemies.


 “Sleeping Lady, calm down, please calm down for a second.” Meng tribe’s second supreme elder repeatedly persuaded.


 “Calm down? How can I calm down? You said a murder happened, Meng Tu died in battle, alright, I believed your Meng tribe and without verifying the truth, I let you guys in and even warmly welcomed you. You said you found evidence, but I did not find anything and only relied on your Investigation Courtyard. Later, there were indeed obvious clues, but were they truly left behind by the culprit? Does Investigation Courtyard not have an ability to tamper with clues?”


 As she said this, cold sweat dripped down Sleeping Lady’s forehead.


 She calmed down and looked vigilantly at the two Meng tribe immortals, a large amount of Gu worm auras started spreading from her body.


 Sleeping Lady fixed her gaze at the two Meng tribe immortals while slowly retreating.


 Meng tribe’s two immortals could only smile bitterly, but also understood Sleeping Lady’s mentality.


 Right now, the divine hedgehog had lost all its spines, its battle strength had fallen to an all-time low, which was like Sleeping Lady’s own battle strength falling down sharply. The trump card which she had used to have dealings with the two super forces was now mostly gone, how could Sleeping Lady not be vigilant?


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder sighed bitterly: “Sleeping Lady, if this was really planned out by my tribe to plot against you to secretly steal this divine hedgehog’s spines, why would we bother returning with you? If we were plotting against you, we should have already deceived you into a trap like an immortal battlefield using the excuse of finding the trails of the culprit, don’t you think so?”


 Sleeping Lady was silent for a moment before moving her eyes upward: “That is probably because your Meng tribe belongs to the righteous path and has to abide by rules, so you can’t directly make a move against me. On the other hand, I have already set an agreement with your Meng tribe, so you made this plan of lowering my battle strength first and then using eloquent speech to deceive me!”


 Meng tribe’s two immortals could not help but glance at each other.


 Sleeping Lady’s words were not unreasonable, her quick thinking made Meng tribe’s two immortals not know of what to say.


 “Hmph!” Sleeping Lady continued, “You thought I am not aware of your righteous path’s tricks? You started this, if your Meng tribe won’t give me an explanation... then alright, I will let the world be the judge of it!”


 “Stop!” Meng tribe’s second supreme elder quickly shouted, his and Meng Zi Zai’s expressions were ashen.


 But it was too late!


 Sleeping Lady directly revealed this matter in treasure yellow heaven, she quickly informed Murong tribe through her contacts.


 In an instant, the matter Meng tribe had tried hard to hide about Meng Tu being killed, them being unable to find the culprit, and even implicating Sleeping Lady in losing her front-back divine obstruction needles, were completely revealed.


 “You, you, you!” Meng Zi Zai pointed towards Sleeping Lady, his eyes were almost spouting fire of anger.


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder was also ashen-faced as he gazed at Sleeping Lady with narrowed eyes and killing intent.


 Sleeping Lady’s expression was impassive, but was inwardly smiling bitterly.


 She of course knew her action had greatly harmed her and Meng tribe’s relationship. But she had no other options!


 She had to do this.


 Any alliance agreement had the chance of being broken by one side. Today’s matter was also too severe, Sleeping Lady had to protect herself.


 How could she, whose battle strength had fallen to rock bottom, protect herself?


 Even if Meng Tu died, the super force Meng tribe was still not something a rank seven lone immortal like Sleeping Lady could go against.


 Sleeping Lady believed the best method was to borrow the strength of others, to attract the attention of other Gu Immortals and Meng tribe’s competitor, Murong tribe, to this matter and support her to some extent. Even if Meng tribe had some harmful intentions, they would have to restrain themselves, after all, they were a righteous path force!


 “Sleeping Lady, at this point, any more words have no meaning. But I will tell you not to be so suspecting, we were likely used by that person!” Meng tribe’s second supreme elder said in a deep voice.


 The situation was obvious now.


 Even if the two Meng tribe immortals did not cultivate wisdom path, they could deduce that the culprit was extremely vicious, not to mention how they had inexplicably forced Meng Tu to self-detonate, they intentionally left behind clues to lead Meng tribe’s pursuers to Divine Needle Valley. They then used them to lead Sleeping Lady away, which allowed them to conveniently take away all the spines of the divine hedgehog!


 “Our Meng tribe will give you an explanation!” Before leaving, Meng tribe’s second supreme elder left behind this sentence.


 Meng tribe’s two immortals left, Sleeping Lady immediately began to arrange a Gu formation around the immemorial desolate beast divine hedgehog.


 Meng tribe had lost their clues so they could only head back.


 Even if they obtained any clues now, they would be doubtful if this was another trap by the enemy.


 Inside Investigation Courtyard, Meng Zi Zai suddenly said with a fierce glint in his eyes: “This culprit is really crafty, the matter has been exposed now and the whole world knows of it, how about we just sentence Sleeping Lady as the culprit?”


 Whether Sleeping Lady was the culprit or not, if Meng tribe attacked and killed her, they could regain their prestige, resolving this crisis to their reputation. And who is to say they won’t be able to get the immemorial desolate beast divine hedgehog.


 Meng tribe’s second supreme elder sighed: “I also thought of this. But, firstly, Investigation Courtyard is not able to deal with Sleeping Lady and the divine hedgehog in a short period of time. This place is also close to Murong tribe, there is no guarantee of them not interfering. Secondly, we have an alliance agreement with her, and will suffer a heavy backlash if we rashly attack her. Finally, the current Northern Plains’ situation is not the same as before.”


 At present, Longevity Heaven had appeared in front of the world, Yao Huang had taken the position of South Desolation Immortal, and Longevity Heaven was uniting all the Huang Jin tribes. In this period of time, they were dedicating themselves to integrate the strength of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Righteous path forces were basically all Huang Jin tribes, there was almost no need to integrate them. Longevity Heaven’s first plan was thus to merge lone cultivators with the righteous path.


 This plan was, however, slightly obstructed when Heavenly Court sent someone disguised as Fang Yuan.


 But Longevity Heaven still had not given up, they continued to make effort in this plan.


 Thus, as a Huang Jin tribe, if Meng tribe rashly attacked the lone immortal Sleeping Lady and did not handle it properly, they would be investigated and blamed by Longevity Heaven.


 This was what Meng tribe’s second supreme elder had the most worries about.


 As the two Meng tribe immortals were heading back, Fang Yuan was also rushing back.


 A pile of front-back divine obstruction needles was quietly lying inside his sovereign immortal aperture. Indeed, he was the culprit behind the entire matter.


 Fang Yuan knew a lot about Meng tribe, and with his wisdom path attainment, he arranged a simple but effective trap.


 And with his powerful luck, Sleeping Lady was indeed drawn away, letting him immediately succeed in this plan.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals might not be able to get near the divine hedgehog, after all, their auras were distinct.


 But Fang Yuan had familiar face and could completely disguise as Sleeping Lady. Even when the divine hedgehog slowly opened its eyes, he did not panic.


 The divine hedgehog went to sleep once again, Fang Yuan was able to pluck all its spines. After obtaining them, Fang Yuan did not do anything to the sleeping divine hedgehog, he directly left.


 In his first life’s memories, Sleeping Lady was also one of the experts who resisted Heavenly Court. As for the divine hedgehog, why would he take it?


 It was of little value to Fang Yuan, instead it was better to let it continue to remain in Sleeping Lady’s hands. When Sleeping Lady nurtures a new batch of spines again, Fang Yuan could then come again to steal it!


 Fang Yuan had no guilt even when killing others, let alone just stealing things.


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was indeed amazing to be able to create a path like theft path.” Fang Yuan had tasted its sweet benefits and now had a whole new view of theft path.


 In the battle with Meng Tu, it was great thief ghost hand which determined the victory at once. If it had gone normally, Fang Yuan could not have so easily taken Meng Tu’s life.


 “Before theft path’s appearance, Gu Immortals could fight each other to death but still might not be able to obtain much battle spoils. But with theft path’s appearance, they could obtain resources without the need to fight a life or death battle. The costs are reduced while the efficiency is raised, this is simply too amazing!”


 “Unfortunately, right now is not a good time for me to go around stealing. On one hand, I lack theft path Immortal Gu, and only have the rank seven Immortal Gu Great Thief to support my theft path moves. On the other hand, I have already exposed great thief ghost hand back in Western Desert, if I go around robbing all over the place, someone will probably connect the clues and deduce my true identity.”


 “There is still a crucial immortal material lacking from the myriad self Immortal Gu recipe. After this, I will hurry back to Lang Ya blessed land and refine myriad self Immortal Gu.”


 Although Fang Yuan had some theft path methods, he could not overdo it.


 Because his soul cultivation was the more urgent matter.


 Increasing his soul foundation meant he could make more use of emperor yama, his battle strength as well as plans would be guaranteed. But cultivating soul required guts Gu, required soul cores, and also required the goods from green ghost desert, Suan Bu Jin’s identity needed to be kept a secret. This was a chain of requirements.


 “Oh right, I also cannot let this matter be easily revealed.” Fang Yuan snickered, immediately spreading rumors in treasure yellow heaven, saying Sleeping Lady was lying and scheming against Meng tribe, the front-back divine obstruction needles were kept by herself in preparation to undergo tribulation and advance to a higher level!


 The truth was even more obscured now, which was even more helpful in concealing Fang Yuan.


 As for Sleeping Lady, when she learned of these rumors, she immediately spat out blood from anxiety and anger!


 Naturally, this was of no concern to Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1569 - Fifty Percent!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Treasure yellow heaven.


 A large lump of transparent fire was silently burning while letting out vast treasure light.


 The fire immediately attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals the moment it appeared.


 Many wills and a few divine senses were attracted towards the scene.


 Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortal Zhang Ji smiled, he was the owner of this transparent fire.


 “I never expected this expedition to give me a batch of a rare rank seven immortal material. Its profits should be enough to replenish my immortal essence reserves.”


 While thinking, he responded to everyone’s questions about the price.


 His price was only a slight bit higher than the norm, so many had the thoughts of purchasing.


 “I want all of this.” One divine sense directly contacted Zhang Ji, offering a high price.


 Zhang Ji’s heart thumped in excitement, somewhat disbelieving: “You want all of this? The price...”


 “Make the deal.” The other side was extremely straightforward, directly giving a large amount of immortal essence stones.


 “Okay!” Seeing such a huge amount of immortal essence stones, Zhang Ji’s eyes immediately brightened, agreeing immediately.


 The transaction was completed quickly, the Gu Immortals who were observing the fire were somewhat caught off-guard.


 “No need to worry, I still have stock left!” Zhang Ji’s divine sense was constantly fluctuating, he quickly proclaimed and took out another lump of transparent fire.


 It was just that this transparent fire’s amount was much smaller than the previously sold lump.


 The first transaction had stimulated other Gu Immortals’ desire to purchase, after all, this transparent fire was indeed rare in the market. Usually, they could only accumulate it over continuous purchase, and every purchase was normally only a fist sized or a basin sized lump of fire. They were different from now where the transparent fire was the size of a carriage! They could not lose this rare opportunity.


 “But this time, I am going to raise the price.” Zhang Ji’s smile became brighter. He did not have much knowledge of the transparent fire. This was also his first time selling it and he did not have a proper understanding of the market situation, so the enthusiasm of other Gu Immortals was beyond his expectations.


 He continued to raise the price, but few buyers gave up, so the starting price continued to become higher.


 “Darn it, looks like I made a mistake in selling earlier!” Zhang Ji looked at this scene with some regret, while also admiring that buyer’s decisiveness.


 Zhang Ji was not foolish, he had divided his stock of transparent fire into three portions. The first portion was to test the waters, while the one he was selling now was the second portion.


 As the transactions continued to increase, he got a clearer grasp over the market situation.


 “Floating life fire!” Fang Yuan looked at this lump of transparent fire in his sovereign immortal aperture with a delighted expression.


 It was him who took the lead and purchased Zhang Ji’s goods.


 This floating life fire was transparent and burned silently without any heat. But when it burns a living being, all kinds of past scenes of this living being would turn into images that would constantly replay in the floating life fire. At that time, the floating life fire would emit a multi-colored radiance, and would no longer be transparent.


 Floating life fire needed to be preserved with special methods.


 Zhang Ji had coincidentally obtained a large amount of floating life fire, he did not have such methods.


 After Fang Yuan obtained it, he immediately used a method to preserve the floating life fire. This method was not from Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, but was obtained from Lang Ya true inheritance which he had exchanged Spectral Soul’s true inheritance for.


 “I had thought I needed to travel far and find trouble with other people to seize this floating life fire. Who would have thought that someone was selling it in treasure yellow heaven in such a large quantity now. This luck is truly amazing!”


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 There were bound to be many Gu Immortals who wanted to purchase floating life fire.


 But Gu Immortal wills were usually unable to make the decision, they could only follow the commands left by the Gu Immortal.


 And to be able to take out so many immortal essence stones at once was also not something ordinary Gu Immortals could do.


 Even if they had the capital, those observing Gu Immortals would want to bargain as the amount they required was usually not that big.


 Because of many reasons, Fang Yuan was able to make the first move and gain it for a cheap price!


 As for the risk?


 This Zhang Ji was a Gu Immortal of Black Heaven Temple, a person of Heavenly Court, but he did not know the buyer was Fang Yuan, neither did Fang Yuan know of his identity.


 Transactions in treasure yellow heaven were very secure. If Heavenly Court was able to use this to scheme against Fang Yuan, to have a such a deep influence even in treasure yellow heaven, then it was better for Fang Yuan to just surrender.


 All in all, the chance of this was rather low.


 Drinking blade wine, edge Gu, front-back divine obstruction needles, and floating life fire, these four main immortal materials were all gathered. Fang Yuan still had to purchase some more edge Gu, which could be completely satisfied by treasure yellow heaven, if not, he still had a channel left in Western Desert’s Xiao clan.


 Since there was no meaning in staying outside, Fang Yuan hurried back to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Passing through the immortal formation, Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land. The process was smooth with no danger.


 Fang Yuan’s return was much earlier than expected, this made Lang Ya land spirit extremely happy.


 “Since you have returned, I will prepare for the refinement.” Lang Ya land spirit was extremely active, the pressure from Heavenly Court was really too huge.


 “I still need to thank first supreme elder and the Gu Immortals of the other three races for lending me so many immortal essence stones.” Fang Yuan thanked.


 Without their assistance, how could Fang Yuan take out such a huge sum?


 “Don’t stand on ceremony. We are all on the same side, you getting stronger means Lang Ya blessed land will be even more safe. If Lang Ya blessed land is in danger, they also won’t be able to escape due to the alliance agreement!” Lang Ya land spirit’s reply was direct and frank.


 Indeed, the present situation made it such that Lang Ya Sect as well as the snowmen, rockmen, and inkmen were in the same boat. If anyone encountered danger, the rest would not be able to escape.


 Fang Yuan handed the four immortal materials to Lang Ya Sect to process.


 These immortal materials required at least fifteen days of processing, the steps were extremely tedious, repetitive and complicated. This was the case when all the hairy man Gu Immortals of Lang Ya Sect put in their full effort.


 The superiority of myriad self Immortal Gu’s recipe could be seen from this!


 With his refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment, Fang Yuan’s myriad self Immortal Gu recipe was so outstanding that it could be said to have reached the limits of the world with no room left for improvements.


 The crucial procedures of the Gu refinement were shortened to the limit, there were three in total. While the other procedures had over ten thousand steps, most of them were the processing of the immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan processed the immortal materials to their best state, spending most of his effort in this. Even if the expenditure of the immortal materials increased because of this, he did not hesitate.


 Because these procedures were the ones which Gu Immortals could control. While those crucial steps of the Gu refinement could only rely on the collision and interweaving of the dao marks, Gu Immortals could not control these changes.


 Through this method and with the help of Lang Ya Sect’s Gu refinement abilities, the success rate of Fang Yuan’s myriad self Immortal Gu recipe was at an incredibly high fifty percent!


 That meant Fang Yuan had an equal chance to succeed or fail in refining it.


 Fifty percent success rate was truly too terrifying.


 The absolute majority of Gu Immortals would be happy if they had even one percent success rate when refining Gu.


 However, this was also mainly because Fang Yuan was a refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster!


 How many refinement path quasi-supreme grandmasters were there in the world? Since ancient times until now, an expert at Fang Yuan’s level could be counted with one’s fingers. Those who surpassed his level only amounted to three people in the whole of history.


 Moreover, there were extremely few Gu Immortals who cultivated multiple paths, and how many of them would cultivate refinement path?


 From another angle, most Gu Immortals were actually amateurs in refining Immortal Gu. It would be preposterous if they could raise the success rate of the Gu refinement!


 In fact, even Fang Yuan, who had deduced it, was in slight disbelief over the fifty percent success rate.


 But then he thought of Long Hair Ancestor.


 Long Hair Ancestor had refined many Immortal Gu in his life, including rank seven and rank eight Immortal Gu. He was a refinement path supreme grandmaster, if he did not have such a success rate, would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable find him for help?


 “Furthermore, I am making use of the whole of Lang Ya Sect’s strength to refine this Gu. In the present age, when comparing refinement path attainment, Lang Ya Sect should no doubt be the number one force.”


 “Besides these, the third main reason is my powerful luck.”


 First was his refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, second was the number one refinement force’s all-out help, and third was the powerful luck obtained from Giant Sun’s true inheritance.


 Three big reasons combined to form this fifty percent success rate of myriad self Immortal Gu’s refinement!


 “I am finally free from the curse of refining Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan was extremely moved to the point of having the urge to tear up.


 He knew the most important reason was him becoming a refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster!


 The other two reasons were helpful, but they were more or less present in all the previous Gu refinements. His fifty percent success rate was mainly still brought by the refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment.


 “And this is when I am only deducing and modifying the Immortal Gu recipe. In the future, when I make up for my lack of foundational skills in Gu refinement, I can personally take charge of the refinement process, the success rate will increase even more!”


 “It is a pity that I don’t have enough time...”



***
Chapter 1570 - Myriad Self Immortal Gu!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, Cloud Cover Continent.


 Lang Ya land spirit breathed in deeply, shouting: “Formation, activate—!”


 Like millions of bees dancing and buzzing, the refinement path super formation activated. Soon, a huge stream of white-gold light burst out and filled the surroundings.


 “Enter the formation!” Lang Ya land spirit ordered as he entered the immortal formation at the same time.


 Next, Sixth Hair, Third Hair, Fourth Hair, Seventh Hair, and the other hairy man Gu Immortals entered the formation.


 Fang Yuan stood at the periphery of the immortal formation as an observer.


 He was not personally involved in this Gu refinement, he had handed it to Lang Ya land spirit and the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Even though Fang Yuan had quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level, he could not compare to Lang Ya Sect’s Gu Immortals in terms of practice of refinement fundamentals.


 “During normal times, I can still participate in the Gu refinement. But this time, Lang Ya land spirit is using the refinement path immortal formation that Long Hair Ancestor had created personally back then, this immortal formation can only be used by hairy man Gu Immortals. As a human Gu Immortal, if I enter, I will be killed by the immortal Gu formation.”


 Lang Ya blessed land had deep foundations, this time, they took out one of Long Hair’s refinement path formations.


 Of course, with Fang Yuan’s methods, he could use his transformation path attainment to turn into a hairy man Gu Immortal. But most likely, Lang Ya Sect wanted to keep this formation a secret and did not want to expose it to Fang Yuan.


 “I used Spectral Soul’s true inheritance to exchange for Lang Ya true inheritance back then. Evidently, this Long Hair refinement path formation is something Lang Ya land spirit is keeping as a trump card, he will not trade it away. Like the lead soul into dream killer move within Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, I am also keeping it for myself.”


 Fang Yuan watched from the side as bright light shone in his eyes.


 Even though Lang Ya Sect pushed Fang Yuan to the side, he was quite satisfied with it.


 Facing the huge pressure from Heavenly Court, Lang Ya Sect was very anxious, they even activated this Long Hair refinement path formation to quickly refine myriad self Immortal Gu for Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was one of them after joining Lang Ya Sect, increasing his battle strength was very beneficial for relocating Lang Ya blessed land!


 The Long Hair refinement path formation activated slowly, the light continued to change colors, it was originally white-gold, before turning orange-gold, and dark-gold.


 The dark-gold light started to flicker with starlight specks, it was very bright.


 The immortal formation’s buzzing got softer, after a few breaths of time, it became completely silent without any sound.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals and Lang Ya land spirit were all standing in a big circle.


 Lang Ya land spirit first acted as he activated an immortal formation, opening it and taking out a bunch of already prepared immortal materials.


 This immortal material resembled chilled and dried sunflowers, the moment it appeared in the immortal formation, it turned into smoke and fused into the dark-gold light.


 Fang Yuan watched solemnly, this was the first crucial step, after the smoke completely fuses into the dark-gold light, they would be able to continue.


 Fang Yuan did not feel much pressure.


 If this step failed, his losses would not be big, he could restart again.


 But an hour later, the immortal material completely turned into smoke and fused into the dark-gold light perfectly.


 Within the immortal formation, the dark-gold light continued to condense and shrink, it was everywhere earlier, but now it was the size of a house, trapped within the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 When the starlight specks within the dark-gold light turned into ice stars, Lang Ya land spirit activated the immortal formation and started the second step.


 As time passed, immortal materials were sent into the immortal formation by the hairy man Gu Immortals one by one, they were all fusing together.


 Three days and nights later, Third Hair started tossing Gu worms into the immortal formation.


 He first threw in self reliance Gu.


 This Gu worm was only rank three, it was shaped like a cockroach, a dark brown colored flat body. There were feelers on its head, and wings on its back.


 Self reliance Gu was a strength path Gu worm that had healing effects. The greater the Gu Master’s strength, the greater the healing effect.


 This was a rare Gu worm, mortals could not find one even if they tried, but Sixth Hair tossed in several hundreds of them.


 The quantity of self reliance Gu was strictly calculated.


 Because this involved the quantity of dao marks, when refining Immortal Gu, the numbers had to be precise!


 When all of the self reliance Gu were tossed in, Lang Ya land spirit shouted as he activated Long Hair refinement path formation fully.


 At once, within the formation, fire pillars rose, hundreds or thousands of them that were meters tall blazed within the dark-gold light.


 Strong air currents were blowing outwards, but the refinement path immortal formation perfectly trapped them. The hairy man Gu Immortals who were standing around the immortal Gu formation could not feel the temperature rising at all.


 The Long Hair refinement formation was very exceptional!


 The orange-red fire pillar continued burning for forty-eight hours before weakening. The dark-gold light was completely burned up, even the self reliance Gu were burned into an odd rock that was the size of a horse carriage.


 After waiting for a while, the rock solidified completely, Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief. The second step of refining myriad self Immortal Gu was finally over.


 Next, Lang Ya land spirit and the rest started to rest and recuperate while Fourth Hair and Sixth Hair worked to sustain the immortal formation, carving this rock.


 After some time, the rock was completely ground up and turned into a pile of rock fragments scattered on the ground.


 Third Hair stopped resting and took out the drinking blade wine, pouring it over these rock fragments.


 This drinking blade wine was obtained by Fang Yuan not long ago when he killed Meng Tu. It had great use now, turning the rock fragments into traces of grey smoke.


 The grey smoke floated up and condensed into balls of smoke, resembling miniature lanterns that floated in the air.


 Fourth Hair and Sixth Hair started to rest, while Third Hair took out a number of all-out effort Gu.


 This Gu worm was shaped like a rhinoceros beetle, it was a mortal Gu. It had the size of an adult’s palm, and was very heavy. It was oval in shape, and had a strong armor exoskeleton. There was a strong horn on its head, looking heavy and powerful. It had several pairs of legs, all strong and thick. Its body was dark brown, and glistened with a metallic surface. People only needed one glance to know it was not ordinary.


 Fang Yuan had not refined all-out effort Immortal Gu yet for now, these were all mortal Gu, from rank one to five.


 The Gu worm entered the smoke and did not mix with it.


 At this time, Lang Ya land spirit started to act, opening the inventory and taking out the floating life fire that had already been prepared.


 Within the transparent fire, large numbers of all-out effort Gu and grey smoke started to fuse.


 This was a long step.


 Half a month later, the fusing was completed, be it the floating life fire, all-out effort Gu, or grey smoke, they all vanished, a drizzle was left.


 This drizzle was restricted by the refinement path immortal formation, it was trapped at the center of the formation, raining down endlessly.


 By now, the third crucial step was completed too.


 Time was pressing now, the drizzle was not stable, it was becoming smaller rapidly.


 All the hairy man Gu Immortals and Lang Ya land spirit started to act, they all had different methods, they were in charge of different segments of the Gu refinement.


 Front-back divine obstruction needles and other immortal materials were all tossed in, as well as large numbers of mortal Gu.


 The myriad self Immortal Gu recipe that Fang Yuan deduced did not expend any Immortal Gu, instead, a large number of immortal materials and mortal Gu were used.


 This way, he would not lose Immortal Gu, but his immortal materials and mortal Gu expenditure would increase by tens of times, the amount of work needed for the refinement also increased drastically. This was also why Lang Ya Sect was using the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 As time passed, all the crucial steps were passed without much danger or accidents.


 After two months in Lang Ya blessed land’s time, the refinement of myriad self Immortal Gu reached the final crucial step.


 Fang Yuan had time path methods of course, but he could not reduce the time needed. The shrinking of time by time path was essentially carving time path dao marks to influence it. During the refinement process, the addition of time path dao marks would disrupt the refinement itself.


 Two months was Fang Yuan’s current limit already. He had used all of his time path methods that could be used to perfectly refine the Immortal Gu without additional disruption, by turning the dao marks into materials for the refinement.


 The immortal formation resonated and shook, bright light burst into the sky.


 Lang Ya land spirit let out a deep sigh, the rest of the hairy man Gu Immortals had tired expressions, but joy was on their faces.


 The final step succeeded.


 The light faded as a rank seven Immortal Gu appeared.


 This Gu worm was more than ten meters long, it was like a centipede that shined in a metallic luster, the mouthpiece on its head looked dangerous while there was a pair of long antennas on its forehead, it had five thousand legs on either side of its body, having a total of ten thousand legs.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Myriad Self!


 “To think that the first refinement succeeded!”


 “Haha, we finally refined it.”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals cheered, they were extremely happy.


 Myriad self Immortal Gu was trapped at the center of the refinement path immortal formation, because Fang Yuan was not the person who refined it, it was currently still ownerless.


 But soon, Fang Yuan refined it rapidly using the help of the refinement path immortal formation.


 “Using one attempt to refine this rank seven Immortal Gu, haha.” Fang Yuan was also very happy, he had never even dared to dream of such a thing happening in the past!


 Fifty percent success rate was too high.


 Fang Yuan tried to inject immortal essence into myriad self Immortal Gu, it started to shine as countless Fang Yuan strength path phantoms appeared from within the light, it was like using the killer move myriad self.


 “The effect is only slightly weaker, after all, the killer move myriad self uses too many Gu worms.” Fang Yuan could feel the difference: “The immortal essence expenditure has fallen greatly, the activation is also much easier now, it only needs one thought. The killer move back then needed time to prepare no matter how familiar I was with it, it also used a lot of mental energy!”


 Fang Yuan tested it and was extremely satisfied with myriad self Immortal Gu!



***
Chapter 1571 - Luo Po Seal?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, Cloud Cover Continent.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self Giant Hand!


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, his aura exploded with a loud sound as a giant hand appeared out of nowhere, slamming towards the ground.


 Instantly, air currents pushed out as the huge palm descended like a toppling mountain, slamming fiercely on the cloud soil ground.


 Cloud Cover Continent was designed by Lang Ya land spirit personally, it was made of cloud soil, able to float in the air without ever landing.


 The cloud soil was not tough, Fang Yuan’s myriad self giant hand had rank seven attacking power, this hand shattered the cloud soil of all the surroundings, falling down towards the vast sea below.


 Fang Yuan was testing his killer move, he was not trying to destroy Cloud Cover Continent, thus when his hand landed on Cloud Cover Continent, Lang Ya blessed land’s super immortal formation activated, a silver light resembling flowing water appeared on Cloud Cover Continent.


 After myriad self giant hand landed on the cloud soil, the silver light was destroyed as cloud soil scattered around, the surrounding terrain was completely altered, there was a huge handprint on the ground that was several meters deep.


 Fang Yuan willed as the giant hand quickly vanished.


 Seeing the effect, he nodded in satisfaction.


 “With myriad self Immortal Gu, giant hand is much easier to use now!”


 In the past, in order to use myriad self giant hand, Fang Yuan had to first activate the killer move myriad self and store countless strength path phantoms in his immortal aperture. Next, using these strength path phantoms, he had to use group strength Gu to unleash strength path giant hand.


 The process was very tedious, if he did not store strength path phantoms in his immortal aperture, he could not use giant hand in a life-and-death battle. But strength path phantoms could not be stored for a long time, they would disappear after some time and disintegrate on their own.


 It was usable for battles he was prepared for, but in unexpected situations, or when he was ambushed, myriad self giant hand could not be used.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had deep wisdom and a cautious mind, he had always been keeping an eye out for such situations, he did not end up in an awkward spot.


 “In the past, using myriad self killer move already needed self strength Immortal Gu, bitter strength Gu, borrow strength Gu, self reliance Gu, refine essence spirit Gu, amplify effect Gu, earth strength Gu, fire, water, wind, lightning strength Gu and countless other mortal Gu, but now I just need to use myriad self Immortal Gu.”


 “But now, my myriad self giant hand only needs myriad self Immortal Gu as the core with some group strength Gu as the supplementary mortal Gu, it requires less than thirty Gu worms in total, and is very simple compared to the past.”


 The former myriad self giant hand was evidently unusable now.


 After refining myriad self Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan modified myriad self giant hand into a new version using myriad self Immortal Gu as the core, the core self strength Immortal Gu was no longer used.


 This meant that self strength Immortal Gu could be used in other aspects.


 Of course, he could also add it into the myriad self giant hand killer move to increase its strength.


 That would depend on Fang Yuan’s further modification.


 “Actually, myriad self giant hand has room for improvement. For example, if the speed is insufficient, I can add mortal Gu to fix that flaw. I can also add soul path Immortal Gu to allow giant hand to capture souls as well. Furthermore, the power of giant hand is merely limited by my strength path dao marks, I can continue to strengthen it. The current giant hand has rank seven power, but is not at the peak, it is because my sovereign immortal body’s strength path dao marks cannot sustain greater power.”


 Fang Yuan had only started modifying myriad self giant hand, after changing the core Immortal Gu, there was still huge room for improvement.


 In the past, the killer move was too complicated and expended too much thinking and time, adding more Gu worms would lower its usability.


 But now, myriad self killer move was condensed into one Gu worm, the process was very simple, he could add more mortal Gu and Immortal Gu to make an even stronger giant hand.


 Fang Yuan’s practice this time was not just on the strength path giant hand, he was also testing Lang Ya Sect’s defensive super immortal formation.


 When Feng Jiu Ge invaded earlier, this immortal formation had been very useful, it preserved the lives of many variant human Gu Immortals and also helped Lang Ya Sect get through that tough situation.


 Feng Jiu Ge used separation song on the immortal formation multiple times, but Fang Yuan had expected it and split the immortal formation into many layers, Feng Jiu Ge separated many layers but did not get to the core after all.


 This time, Fang Yuan did not just modify myriad self giant hand, he also modified the immortal formation and allowed its range to extend throughout Lang Ya Sect.


 Earlier, when the strength path giant hand landed on Cloud Cover Continent, this immortal formation was the reason why the destructive effect was reduced.


 After testing strength path giant hand, he moved on to the more important matter.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 This killer move determined Fang Yuan’s upper limit, it was only through this he could contest rank eights.


 Right now, the core of the killer move was the secluded domain of heaven and earth Reverse Flow River, myriad self Immortal Gu, perseverance Immortal Gu, pulling water Immortal Gu, and over a hundred mortal Gu. Even though it was more complex than myriad self giant hand, this was way simpler than the previous reverse flow protection seal!


 After simplifying the killer move, the success rate of activation rose sharply, it was more usable in battle now.


 “During the battle in green ghost desert, I was sneak attacked and could not use reverse flow protection seal in time. Now, the activation time has shrunk greatly, I should be able to deal with most assaults.”


 “However... I can no longer conceal reverse flow protection seal’s modifications and set a trap. The trick I used on Thunder Ghost True Monarch only works once.”


 Fang Yuan felt it was a pity.


 Reverse flow protection seal killer move had become much easier to use now due to myriad self Immortal Gu, but this was Fang Yuan’s current limit. Adding more Immortal Gu would be difficult.


 He could no longer set a trap like earlier and reveal a brand new reverse flow protection seal within a short period of time.


 After some deductions, Fang Yuan went into seclusion again, deducing other killer moves.


 Even though Fang Yuan was calm, he was filled with pressure.


 Against a huge force like Heavenly Court, who would have no pressure?


 The refinement of myriad self Immortal Gu, was not only to elevate several killer moves. Fang Yuan’s true motive was to create a third variation move — Luo Po Seal!


 “I was affected by Lu Wei Yin’s immortal killer move and lived through three lifetimes. These dreams were very mystical, especially the third life, it was a huge inspiration for my Luo Po seal.”


 “But I had a lot of obstructions earlier when deducing Luo Po seal, there was a huge hurdle to cross. This myriad self Immortal Gu is like a bridge that might allow me to cross this hurdle and attain success!”


 Fang Yuan felt excitement and anticipation.


 Even though he raised his reputation using the battle against Thunder Ghost True Monarch and suppressed Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan knew that he was inferior to Feng Jiu Ge in many aspects.


 Feng Jiu Ge could fight rank eight because he had a deep accumulation of sound path dao marks, evenly matching rank eight. Even without rank eight sound path Immortal Gu on him, his killer moves could reach quasi-rank eight because of the amplification of his dao marks.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan could fight rank eight because he was using the vast number of dao marks inside Reverse Flow River. His own dao marks in several paths reached rank seven, but he was still far from rank eight.


 Even if he annexed the blessed lands inside City Well, he would still be far from rank eight.


 Fang Yuan was not inferior to Feng Jiu Ge in talent.


 Feng Jiu Ge was unprecedented in creating assimilation wind song, he was the first Gu Immortal able to summon the winds of assimilation. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan created myriad self and combined strength and enslavement path, it was also a revolutionary creation. The two of them were equally matched.


 Now that Fang Yuan condensed the killer move into myriad self Immortal Gu, his status had risen again. Because he could create an entirely new path along this route of development! Compared to just a killer move, there was much more room for development.


 Gu cultivation paths were created like this, some were the fusion of two paths, while others were sub-classification of existing paths.


 Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge were only different in terms of age.


 How many years had Fang Yuan cultivated since rebirth? Feng Jiu Ge had already lived for hundreds of years.


 Fang Yuan made such achievements before the age of fifty, it was very rare that he could match Feng Jiu Ge. Compared to normal people, he was simply a monster, his cultivation level rose at an unbelievable rate, it could not be assessed normally. After all, Fang Yuan’s rebirth had huge advantages.


 And the truth was, Fang Yuan’s own dao mark accumulation was quite high.


 But now, heaven’s will was against him and made his tribulations weak so he could not get dao marks. Annexing immortal apertures was a way, but the upper extreme heavenly eagle had not returned to him yet, while other methods needed specific Immortal Gu and were troublesome to refine. Food path methods like snack Immortal Gu could be used for the killer move eat strength, but the efficiency of this increase in dao marks was too low.


 While the grass grows the horse starves, Fang Yuan naturally placed his attention on the secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 Fang Yuan had quite a few secluded domains of heaven and earth!


 Luo Po Valley, Dang Hun Mountain, Reverse Flow River, City Well, a total of four secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 Among them, Reverse Flow River had already been used for reverse flow protection seal, it allowed Fang Yuan to fight rank eight existences. Dang Hun Mountain had already been destroyed and was still in the middle of reparation. City Well was needed to raise variant humans, and in terms of rule path, Fang Yuan was lacking.


 The most suitable target was Luo Po Valley.


 Fang Yuan’s soul path attainment level was ordinary, but he had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, the number one soul path inheritance in this world, nobody could deny that.


 On that foundation, along with the inspiration that Fang Yuan obtained from the trials of the three lifetimes, and also with myriad self Immortal Gu...


 “If I add in the light of wisdom, I should succeed in deducing Luo Po seal, right?” Fang Yuan pondered.



***
Chapter 1572 - Too Late


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time passed quickly, half a month went by.


 On this day, Fang Yuan flew out of cloud city, the immortal formation around Lang Ya blessed land activated and burst out with golden light, enveloping Fang Yuan.


 The golden light flashed as Fang Yuan vanished on the spot, when he reappeared, he was in a desolate place a thousand li away.


 These days, Fang Yuan modified the super immortal formation again, it had the power to teleport other people.


 Because earlier, when Feng Jiu Ge attacked the hairy men and killed them, Lang Ya land spirit was aggrieved but helpless.


 Lang Ya land spirit remembered this painful lesson, after refining myriad self Immortal Gu, he suggested this modification to Fang Yuan.


 Lang Ya Sect helped Fang Yuan to refine myriad self Immortal Gu, using the Long Hair Gu refinement immortal formation in the process, Fang Yuan naturally had to return the favor and modify the immortal formation as they wished.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was extraordinary, with the help of the light of wisdom, he had already finished the modification of the immortal formation long ago.


 Arriving at an empty place, Fang Yuan breathed in deeply as he started to practice his killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Emperor Yama!


 Instantly, his appearance changed, he was tall and majestic, he wore a crown and his face was blurred, he became inscrutable. His imperial robe had ghost and monster embroideries, the numbers were no longer like before, there were over a thousand of them.


 This was the result of Fang Yuan’s recent cultivation.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Explosion!


 Fang Yuan moved his finger as black smoke shot out, destroying everything in its path. But due to the immortal formation’s protection, Cloud Cover Continent shone in silver light, it defended against the power of the soul explosion to a great extent.


 But even so, a killer move at the peak of rank seven could not be defended against by the silver light.


 After a chain of explosions, the area around Fang Yuan was decimated, cloud soil scattered as a large number of crevices appeared in the area of several li.


 Black smoke dissipated, the soul explosion ended as one yama child monster vanished on Fang Yuan’s imperial robe, after a few breaths of time, it faded as if it had never existed before.


 This was the price of using soul explosion.


 Fang Yuan did not mind the expenditure, after pondering through this, his eyes shone with brilliance.


 Immortal killer move — Yama Battlefield!


 Whoosh.


 Intense wind blew as the world changed colors.


 In three blinks of time, a huge surrounding area was enveloped by Fang Yuan’s immortal battlefield, the place was completely isolated from the outside!


 Within this battlefield killer move, the surroundings were pale green and yellow, vision was blur like there was fog. Dark winds blew, creating wailing sounds, it was scary and chilly.


 Fang Yuan let out the yama children, these monsters cackled and flew freely in yama battlefield, their power was amplified, they were like fish in water.


 After some testing, Fang Yuan stored all of the yama children and stopped using yama battlefield, the sky turned clear again as he returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Yama battlefield was the greatest achievement that Fang Yuan had made in this secluded cultivation!


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had deduced the immortal battlefield killer move purple star broken life, it was set up using the wisdom path Immortal Gu that Purple Mountain True Monarch left behind, Fang Yuan used it to kill You Chan and Qin Bai He.


 But the advantage of purple star broken life immortal battlefield was the effect of concealing itself and isolating from the outside world. The weakness was that it needed time to set up, prior preparation was often required. And Gu Immortals were not stupid, if one tried to use it in battle, they would run away before it was set up.


 Yama battlefield was created by Fang Yuan after considering his own situation, using the many battlefield killer moves that were recorded within Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 Yama battlefield was inferior to purple star broken life in terms of concealment and isolating from the outside world. Its advantage was that it only needed three blinks of time to activate.


 Even though during that period of time, Fang Yuan could not move as well, it could quickly be used in battle.


 In this three blinks of time, as long as Fang Yuan could grab the opportunity and catch his enemies off guard, they would not be able to run away.


 After being enveloped by yama battlefield, Fang Yuan’s advantage would be huge.


 “Currently, I can force the enemies to stay and lose their lives if they are rank six or seven!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Gu Immortals were easy to defeat, but capturing or killing would be hard.


 Firstly, there were countless ways to escape, Gu Immortals could not deal with all possibilities, some escaping methods were bound to be effective. Secondly, Fang Yuan was fighting alone and was wanted by Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, he had to defeat his enemies in a short amount of time.


 Thus earlier, Fang Yuan was very vigilant when choosing opponents. If Meng Tu did not have an immortal battlefield that could trap both him and his enemies inside autumn blade plain, Fang Yuan would not want to fight such a person.


 Once yama battlefield was completed, Fang Yuan thought of his other method — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 His theft path attainment level was at great grandmaster, using great thief Immortal Gu and ghostly concealment as the cores of the killer move, he could deduce great thief ghost hand which could steal rank eight Immortal Gu.


 This move was modified by Fang Yuan and became even more effective. It was used twice but managed to steal rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, as well as rank seven Immortal Gu Bladewing, the situation quickly turned around when Meng Tu lost this Gu, resulting in his loss.


 “In the past, I could not use great thief ghost hand too often to prevent my identity from leaking. If information gets out, others would be more alert and they would try to deduce my great thief ghost hand, my arrangements inside green ghost desert would also be found out.”


 “With yama battlefield now, I can trap my enemies and continue to use great thief ghost hand to steal Immortal Gu. There is little chance of the enemies running away, I can kill and plunder them, to accumulate my cultivation resources!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a ruthless light, deep killing intent was accumulating in him.


 With yama battlefield, he could start walking on the bloody road of ‘killing enemies and stealing Gu while annexing their apertures to gain dao marks’.


 Fang Yuan had no misgivings when it came to slaughtering innocent people, he did not feel any guilt or self-blame.


 Fang Yuan licked his lips as he shook his head: “It is a pity... now is not the time yet.”


 If Lang Ya blessed land did not get exposed, if there was no pressure from Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan would leave and go around killing people! But the crucial thing now was to protect Lang Ya blessed land.


 At the current moment, the preservation of Lang Ya Sect was more important to Fang Yuan than stealing Immortal Gu!


 There was no doubt about it.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan’s mental pressure got larger.


 Heavenly Court would not let this go, once they attacked Lang Ya blessed land again, even if Lang Ya blessed land prepared fully, it might not be able to resist.


 This was because Lang Ya Sect’s trump cards and secrets were exposed in the previous battle. Meanwhile, Heavenly Court still had unfathomable foundations, it could use some trump cards that targeted Lang Ya Sect or come up with some brilliant schemes to endanger the whole of Lang Ya blessed land!


 The best situation was to relocate Lang Ya blessed land before the second invasion of Heavenly Court.


 But the relocation would definitely be ambushed by Heavenly Court, it might even be Prince Feng Xian most likely! Fang Yuan had already deduced this clearly.


 Against a rank eight, Fang Yuan could defend himself but he lacked offense, that was quite awkward.


 He had two ways now.


 One was to use a secluded domain of heaven and earth to form a rank eight offensive killer move. The other was to use a rank eight Immortal Gu to create an attacking method as well.


 Among the secluded domains of heaven and earth, Luo Po Valley was the best choice, and also his only choice.


 Fang Yuan had the inspiration to deduce Luo Po seal, but unfortunately, his progress was quite slow, even after the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan was quite vexed.


 In terms of rank eight Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had four, Attitude, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, and Soul Beast Token.


 Attitude Gu was the core Immortal Gu of familiar face, Years Flow Like Water produced year Gu, it was not for fighting. Soul Beast Token was needed in emperor yama killer move, it could not be taken out.


 Looking at it, he only had wisdom sword Immortal Gu left.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan had obtained this rank eight Immortal Gu long ago, in order to feed it, he had spent a lot of resources. But he had never been able to use it.


 Activating wisdom sword Immortal Gu needed rank eight immortal essence of the user. This was what Purple Mountain True Monarch had designed for Bo Qing back then, but Fang Yuan only had rank seven red date immortal essence now.


 This was a fixed rule that could not be changed.


 And in fact, most rank eight Immortal Gu used rank eight immortal essence, Fang Yuan’s three other Gu were exceptions.


 Attitude Gu used mental energy, Years Flow Like Water could use any rank of immortal essence, but its strength depended on the essence used, Soul Beast Token expended the soul foundation of the user, and just looking at their activation requirements, all three Immortal Gu were top tier among rank eight Immortal Gu!


 Thinking about it, even though Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu and inheritances, his rank eight offensive killer move still required Luo Po Valley.


 “I managed to deduce reverse flow protection seal earlier because of my water path grandmaster attainment level.”


 “This time, to deduce Luo Po seal, my soul path is only master level, there is a huge obstruction!”


 Fang Yuan had grandmaster attainment level in many paths, his theft path and refinement path were great grandmaster and quasi-supreme grandmaster respectively, but he could not transfer them to his soul path.


 His soul path was only at master attainment level.


 “But I have the light of wisdom, even though progress is slow, I can still slowly force my way through!”


 “The biggest problem is time now, I hope I can make it... hmm?!”


 At this time, the world started shaking, a huge dark spiral appeared out of nowhere.


 “Oh no!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 He recognized that the source of this dark spiral were the dao marks that Feng Jiu Ge had left behind.


 Fang Yuan had already investigated these dao marks long ago, Lang Ya land spirit did the same. Both felt that this was a tracking method that was hard to get rid of. But now, Lang Ya blessed land was isolated from the outside world, these dao marks possessed no threat.


 But to think that without anyone controlling and instilling immortal essence, these dao marks actually gathered into a dark spiral.


 “Smash it!” Fang Yuan screamed, Lang Ya land spirit also gave the same orders at the same time.


 The defensive formation that Fang Yuan modified immediately activated.


 But at the same time, four starlight beams shot out of the dark spiral.


 With a loud sound, the dark spiral vanished.


 The starlight faded as four Gu Immortals appeared.


 Feng Jiu Ge, Chen Yi, and Thunder Ghost True Monarch were present. They were led by a female immortal, she looked around before fixing her gaze on Fang Yuan, she smiled: “Fang Yuan, I finally caught you.”


 It was Heavenly Court’s current leader, the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal — Fairy Zi Wei!



***
Chapter 1573 - Star Cast


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court invaded, four Gu Immortals appeared out of nowhere, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to pin-size.


 Even with his knowledge and countless experiences, he felt that this was unbelievable!


 “There is such a method? Sending four rank eight Gu Immortals in at the same time! If we did not destroy that dark spiral instantly, I’m afraid even more Gu Immortals would have entered.”


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge was not rank eight, his dao marks were at rank eight level, Fang Yuan placed him at the same level as rank eights.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had incredibly dense dao marks, there were few methods that could transport them and they were very hard to use. Even the immortal killer move seven immortal doors that Feng Jiu Ge used earlier could not teleport rank eight Gu Immortals.


 If rank eight Gu Immortals wanted to move, they had to either fly themselves through immemorial white heaven or black heaven, unless they were space path great expert who could teleport themselves.


 But even so, such space path great experts could only teleport themselves, they could not move other rank eight existences.


 And Heavenly Court seemed to have used a method to directly teleport four rank eight Gu Immortals over from Central Continent! Such a method was truly unthinkable.


 “Even in the five hundred years of my previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, I did not hear that Heavenly Court had such a move!”


 Transporting four rank eight Gu Immortals at once, which was not the limit, and it could even create a tracking effect. Such a method was truly scary, any defense could be ripped apart, the advantage of having such a move could even extend to large scale fights.


 Think about it: During the five regions chaotic war, every rank eight Gu Immortal ruled over an area. At this time, if Heavenly Court mobilizes several rank eights to teleport to an enemy rank eight and attack that person as a group, they would have a huge advantage in numbers, they would likely win. Who could endure such attacks if they did it multiple times? Any force would be extremely concerned and feel helpless against this.


 “In the five hundred years of my previous life, why did Heavenly Court not do this? Was it because the conditions were not right, or was it not time for this move yet? I think I understand now!”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like lightning, he understood why.


 If Heavenly Court revealed that they had such methods, once a few rank eight Gu Immortals died in the other regions, they would become alert, they would work together and form a large alliance against Heavenly Court!


 It was common sense.


 If they did not ally, as the situation progresses, any rank eight Gu Immortal would be in great danger at all times. Heavenly Court could attack any individual rank eight Gu Immortal at any time, they were not stupid, only by working together could they be safe against Heavenly Court.


 Of course, Heavenly Court was not stupid, they had kept this move hidden and did not use it. They were afraid that this move’s great power would make the other regions work together and form a four region alliance that would target Heavenly Court solely!


 But now, in order to attack Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court had to use this move in advance, it showed how determined Heavenly Court was in attacking Lang Ya blessed land!


 “No, not just me, they are tempted by rank nine wisdom Gu. At the same time, annexing Lang Ya blessed land would greatly help towards repairing fate Gu!”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly to himself.


 Heavenly Court’s attack was too sudden, even though Fang Yuan was already mentally prepared for it.


 But there was no helping it, Heavenly Court’s method was truthfully out of Fang Yuan’s wildest imagination.


 “This is why such enemies are the scariest. Because they have too many trump cards from their immense foundation!” Fang Yuan sighed bitterly internally.


 “Thief!” At the same time, while the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals stayed motionless, Thunder Ghost True Monarch directly pounced at Fang Yuan.


 She hated Fang Yuan to the limit, he had sold three of her rib bones in treasure yellow heaven, that video had been playing nonstop, it was the greatest humiliation of her life!


 Thus, Thunder Ghost True Monarch directly charged at Fang Yuan and attacked, she was filled with intense killing intent.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan vanished as golden light flashed.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch missed her target, she looked up and stared fiercely at the base of the super formation.


 “Huff!”


 Fang Yuan was inside the super formation now, controlling it personally. The first thing he did was to activate the formation and bring in all of the variant human Gu Immortals that were scattered over Lang Ya blessed land.


 When he had just acted, Heavenly Court also did the same.


 Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge used his signature killer move as separation song started, countering all Immortal Gu Houses and immortal formations in this world.


 Bright light shone in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he multitasked as the immortal formation flew up and burst out with orange-red light.


 Within the red light, separation song was weakening as his voice faded into nothingness.


 To deal with separation song, Fang Yuan had made some modifications to the immortal formation! It was extremely effective when used now.


 Feng Jiu Ge had once dismantled multiple layers of this immortal formation using separation song, but now, before separation song even got close to the core, it was exterminated, Feng Jiu Ge frowned deeply.


 “Let me do it.” Fairy Zi Wei flickered her finger as a starry rainbow flew out.


 The starry rainbow flew like an arrow, flying past the clouds and wind, shooting into the super immortal formation and turning into a cloud of star sand, it was very dazzling.


 The immortal formation activated faster and faster, this star sand fused into the immortal formation’s activation and revealed several special forms, like clouds or dust, or even water vats...


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly, countless thoughts appeared in her mind, moving like waves of the ocean.


 “Oh no! This wisdom path killer move can help her to deduce the workings of the immortal formation, it can also obstruct the cooperation of Gu worms and make the immortal formation slower and non-fluid.” Some of the variant human Gu Immortals who came could tell.


 “What do we do?”


 “What do we do?!”


 Almost all of the variant human Gu Immortals were covered in sweat, they had nervous expressions, they were filled with fear and immense pressure of an apocalypse.


 Heavenly Court’s group was too powerful, they were equivalent to four rank eights, even disregarding Feng Jiu Ge, the other three were rank eight elites and experts, one could be of immense threat to Lang Ya blessed land, not to mention three of them!


 “Strange, why is Fairy Zi Wei not using Star Constellation Chessboard?” Fang Yuan had completely calmed down, suspicion flashed in his eyes. 

 His fight against Fairy Zi Wei was during Southern Border’s dream realm battle.


 “It is a pity that Star Constellation Chessboard was left in Heavenly Court to sustain the killer move star cast, otherwise, I would be able to easily unravel this super immortal formation with dozens of times the efficiency!” Fairy Zi Wei sighed internally, she did not stop her actions.


 Another wisdom path killer move was unleashed without any warning, Fang Yuan did not even know how to deal with it, but the formation was hit and the star sand that invaded expanded to twice of its size!


 “Troublesome!” Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 “Heavenly Court, do you think our Lang Ya Sect are easily bullied? Kill them!”


 At this moment, Lang Ya land spirit growled, the silver giant formed from ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor descended into the battlefield.



***
Chapter 1574 - Chen Yi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The silver giant was tall and mighty, stretching its arms and sweeping at the four Central Continent Gu Immortals, strong air currents were generated.


 Chen Yi’s eyes flashed with brilliance, snorting: “Let me!”


 Compared to the silver giant, his body was very small, but his aura burst out and contested the silver giant evenly.


 Immortal killer move — Immortal Binding Vine!


 Chen Yi pointed as countless jade green light threads extended towards the silver giant and coiled around it.


 The silver giant punched ferociously, but due to the obstruction of the jade light threads, it was too slow and changed directions, crashing into the cloud soil and creating a huge crater as soil scattered.


 Chen Yi watched at the side without moving, he floated in the air as he pointed at the silver giant with his fingers.


 The jade threads on the silver giant were increasing in number, surrounding it tightly, the threads got thicker until they reached their limits, becoming vines that were thick and long, binding the silver giant.


 Within the battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor, Lang Ya land spirit was shouting in anger, this immortal binding vine seemed to have countered him entirely, even with great strength, he could not use any of it properly, this was quite a frustrating situation.


 “Sixth Hair!” Lang Ya land spirit called out.


 Sixth Hair immediately used an immortal killer move as golden light appeared on the Heavenly Giant Solor, the immortal binding vines were cut apart inch by inch, but they recovered quickly.


 Chen Yi sneered as he used another killer move.


 Countless vines were cut down, landing on the cloud soil, but with Chen Yi’s help, they grew rapidly, turning into huge trees.


 The huge trees were scattered around the silver giant, turning into a huge circle that trapped the silver giant at the center.


 Lang Ya land spirit sensed something amiss, but the silver giant was bound by the immortal binding vines, it could not move away.


 At this time, between the giant trees, leaves and branches started to intertwine, the roots of the trees under the cloud soil also gathered into a ball and emerged from the soil. With the tree trunks as the main pillars, the branches and roots coiled together and formed a huge cage.


 Immortal killer move — Ancient Tree Prison Cage!


 The silver giant finally broke free from the immortal binding vines when it immediately got trapped in the ancient tree prison cage. Lang Ya land spirit shouted in anger and ordered the hairy man Gu Immortals to unleash their offensive killer moves.


 But the ancient tree prison cage sustained those attacks and even used them as nutrients to strengthen itself.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw this and quickly stopped, he tested for a while and found that the most effective way to destroy the cage was with the giant’s bare hands.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were helpless, they could only manipulate Heavenly Giant Solor to unleash punches and kicks, slamming at the ancient tree prison cage.


 “Damn it!” Lang Ya land spirit cursed, his forehead was covered in sweat. He was trapped here and could not help Fang Yuan, he could only watch as Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei targeted the super immortal formation.


 Without any choice, Lang Ya land spirit had to approach the rockman Gu Immortals: “Quick, let that old dragon out!”


 Roar—!


 There was the cry of a dragon as a huge figure appeared in front of everyone.


 The immemorial rock dragon!


 Its body was made of rocks, it was filled with dense earth path dao marks, its dragon body was heavy and thick, its dragon fangs were sharp like stalactites, it was majestic and large, having an impressive entrance.


 The rock dragon seemed to move slowly, but it was actually fast as it flew into the sky, casting a huge shadow down onto the ground.


 Heavenly Court’s four immortals were also under the shadow as they raised their heads, expressing shock on their faces.


 “To think that Lang Ya blessed land has a hidden immemorial rock dragon!” Feng Jiu Ge sighed.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “It does not belong to Lang Ya blessed land, it is likely from those variant human Gu Immortals.”


 As a wisdom path great expert, she had deduced the truth in an instant.


 “Let me destroy this rock dragon!” Thunder Ghost True Monarch licked her lips as battle intent surged.


 “No need!” Chen Yi grunted as he stretched his finger, using the same move again.


 Immortal killer move — Immortal Binding Vine.


 The immortal binding vines extended around the immemorial rock dragon as it became restricted, although it still charged at the four Central Continent immortals.


 The four immortals dodged while the immemorial rock dragon hit the ground, next, Chen Yi used the ancient tree prison cage killer move again and trapped it!


 “How can this be?!” The variant human Gu Immortals saw this and felt deeply surprised and disappointed.


 Even Lang Ya land spirit took in a deep breath, he felt a chill down his spine.


 The immemorial rock dragon that they were relying on was restricted so easily. Meanwhile, on Heavenly Court’s side, Chen Yi had a great display of prowess, while Fairy Zi Wei and Feng Jiu Ge suppressed the super immortal formation, and Thunder Ghost True Monarch has yet to fight!


 Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly too, but he did not feel much surprise.


 “The immemorial rock dragon is strong in defense and has no fear. Once injured, the rockmen can sacrifice themselves to heal it rapidly, this healing method is very absurd!”


 When Gu Immortals get injured, it is very difficult and troublesome to heal them. The higher the cultivation level, the harder they are to heal.


 For rank eight Gu Immortals, if they sustained injuries, they would need to pay full attention in healing themselves without distraction. But the immemorial rock dragon’s healing method could be done amidst battle, this often gave many Gu Immortals huge headaches when fighting them.


 The immemorial rock dragon was also famous because of this.


 But today was different, it was up against Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortal Chen Yi!


 Firstly, Heavenly Court had been suppressing and killing variant human Gu Immortals, having been established on that foundation, they were very familiar with the rockman tribe’s rock dragons.


 Secondly, the immemorial rock dragon did not have any wild rank eight Immortal Gu to use, while Chen Yi had rank eight killer moves and the best tactic against it, this led to the immemorial rock dragon’s greatest advantage becoming virtually useless.


 And finally, Chen Yi’s killer move was truly profound, especially the ancient tree prison cage, it did not fear immortal killer moves, it was hard to get rid of.


 It was no surprise that the immemorial rock dragon lost to Chen Yi.


 Even though it struggled intensely, the restriction on it grew thicker and tighter, without external help, it could not break out of the immortal binding vines, and definitely not the ancient tree prison cage outside of that.


 “Hairy men, we need to rely on ourselves!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted as the silver giant finally found an opening in the ancient tree prison cage and destroyed it.


 “As expected of the second ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor.” Chen Yi evaluated as he smiled, muttering: “But do you think my ancient tree prison cage is so easy to break out of?”


 The silver giant’s movements stopped.


 Lang Ya land spirit was slightly dazed, he turned around to look and found a wooden hand grabbing the silver giant’s leg.


 “What is that?” The silver giant turned around and chopped down on the hand with both arms resembling an ax that struck harshly.


 The wooden hand was split by the ax but it was only half split, it was not entirely chopped apart.


 The silver giant wanted to attack again, but an wooden giant appeared from under the soil.


 The wooden giant let go out its hand and lowered its body, charging at the silver giant’s chest with its shoulder, slamming it to the ground.


 Lang Ya Sect’s Gu Immortals were caught unguarded, they were about to make the silver giant stand up but the wooden giant attacked relentlessly, eventually, it jumped into the sky and crashed down on the silver giant with a loud thud.


 Under the immense pressure, a hairy man Gu Immortal made a mistake and used an immortal killer move on the wooden giant.


 The wooden giant was revitalized as the injuries on its body healed, at the same time, it grew to the same size as the silver giant.


 Chen Yi snorted in self-satisfaction, this was his immortal killer move — Giant Tree Divine Statue, it inherited the property of the ancient tree prison cage, immortal killer moves were not of concern, only physical attacks were effective on it.


 “So this is the power of Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance.” Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s eyes were flickering with bright light.


 At this moment, Chen Yi displayed great power, suppressing both the silver giant and immemorial rock dragon!


 This was his true power, as the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, and the inheritor of Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, he had incredible battle strength that was extraordinary.


 Earlier in green ghost desert, he had fought with much frustration. Most of the time, he was fighting inside Divine Bean Palace, afraid of damaging it, he could not fight freely, while his opponent, Fang clan’s first supreme elder, had a huge advantage with strength path, he could fight in close combat freely, making Chen Yi extremely furious but without options.


 Now, Chen Yi could display his true advantage, he erupted with great battle strength, even without using his trump card, karma divine tree, he managed to suppress both the silver giant and the immemorial rock dragon.



***
Chapter 1575 - Fang Yuan’s Actions


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chen Yi displayed his true strength as Heavenly Court obtained the advantage. What worried Fang Yuan more was that they had not gone all out yet.


 Even Chen Yi, who was doing most of the work had not used karma divine tree.


 “Even though Chen Yi is inferior to Purple Mountain True Monarch and Duke Long, he is still a first rate expert among rank eights! Fairy Zi Wei and Thunder Ghost True Monarch are similar, while Feng Jiu Ge cannot be underestimated. I need to act myself!”


 Chen Yi suppressed the immemorial rock dragon and silver giant, Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei were resisting the super immortal formation, Lang Ya Sect only had Fang Yuan left who had rank eight battle strength, if he did not act now, who could save them?


 And the truth was, Lang Ya land spirit had already urged Fang Yuan multiple times.


 Golden light flickered as Fang Yuan appeared in front Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei had expected this, she waved her hand as a gust of divine purple wind started to blow.


 As the wind blew, it caused ripples on reverse flow protection seal.


 “Oh? This killer move!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 This divine purple wind matched the strength of its enemy, it was similar to reverse flow protection seal, it was a defensive retaliation type. Reverse flow protection seal did not have any offensive might, as both moves reflected the damage over and over again to each other, neither sides could do anything to the other, Fang Yuan was pushed out by this wind.


 “Fang Yuan, you finally came out!” A flash of lightning flickered as Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan teleported and appeared behind Fang Yuan, smiling sinisterly and full of killing intent.


 “Trident lightning dissolution!” Jing Lan shouted as three flashes of lightning appeared from her fingertips.


 The lightning crackled and gathered in the air, forming into a trident made of blue lightning.


 Trident lightning dissolution landed on Fang Yuan’s back but was blocked by reverse flow protection seal and reflected back at her.


 Jing Lan laughed loudly as she swallowed this trident lightning dissolution before flying away with eyes crackling with sparks.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank: “Oh no, this trident lightning dissolution killer move is meant to probe my reverse flow protection seal. Even though Thunder Ghost True Monarch is not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, with Fairy Zi Wei the wisdom path great expert here, they can try to unravel my reverse flow protection seal here!”


 Last time, due to Fang Yuan’s trap, Thunder Ghost True Monarch was beaten up and Fairy Zi Wei failed.


 However, the trap that Fang Yuan set up was exposed, it could no longer be used.


 During this period, Fang Yuan had planned and cultivated intensely, making many preparations, Heavenly Court did the same. Not only did they help Thunder Ghost True Monarch to replenish her Immortal Gu, Fairy Zi Wei even used Star Constellation Chessboard to deduce trident lightning dissolution for Thunder Ghost True Monarch, in order to deal with Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal!


 Fang Yuan had a heavy heart but he did not fluster, the truth was, he had expected this.


 He actively attacked and tried to fight with Fairy Zi Wei and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, in order to reduce the pressure on the rest.


 Both sides fought continuously as Cloud Cover Continent’s terrain was completely devastated. The sounds of their battle resounded throughout the skies, the countless hairy man mortals and Gu Masters were extremely fearful and in shock.


 After the silver giant destroyed a giant tree divine statue, Chen Yi created another one.


 The immemorial rock dragon was trapped in the immortal binding vines, it had little hope of escaping.


 Even Fang Yuan could not help it. He had tried but the outer layer of the ancient tree prison cage was too thick and did not fear immortal killer moves, it was a pain to get through.


 “This killer move is not immune to all immortal killer moves, we just lack the necessary method. If I had enough time, with my wisdom path methods, I can deduce and unravel this move!”


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 This was the essence of Genesis Lotus true inheritance’s killer moves, it was like reverse flow protection seal which rendered all of Heavenly Court helpless against it.


 Now, Fang Yuan was on the receiving side, against this ancient tree prison cage, he had the same feelings as Fairy Zi Wei who had faced reverse flow protection seal earlier.


 After some fighting, Heavenly Court still had the upper hand, and their advantage was growing.


 Fang Yuan did not deduce Luo Po seal, he did not have an offensive rank eight killer move, he could defend using reverse flow protection seal, but he could not be of any threat to the four immortals.


 Ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor was the same, even though the hairy man Gu Immortals had many methods and deep chemistry, they were not fighting against Feng Jiu Ge this time, but Chen Yi instead.


 Chen Yi had rich methods that were all at rank eight level, no matter how Lang Ya land spirit resisted, he was suppressed by Chen Yi.


 After some more time, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly frowned as she ordered: “Senior Jing Lan, go around and find wisdom Gu.”


 “Little thief, I will let you off for now!” Even though Thunder Ghost True Monarch hated Fang Yuan, the bigger picture was more important, she snickered at Fang Yuan before flying away from the battlefield like lightning.


 Lang Ya’s side could only watch helplessly as she left.


 The truth was, Heavenly Court’s invasion was not just to eliminate Fang Yuan and annex Lang Ya to repair fate Gu, their most important goal was to obtain the wild wisdom Gu.


 This legendary rank nine Immortal Gu had been in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s hands long ago. Ordinary forces could not make use of it, but Heavenly Court had abundant methods. Forget about the rest, with just this wisdom Gu, Star Constellation Chessboard would become a rank nine Immortal Gu House, its power would rise sharply! Just this advantage was enough for Fairy Zi Wei to come personally.


 Earlier, when Heavenly Court’s four immortals arrived, Fairy Zi Wei had already used her investigative killer moves, even though her search range extended throughout Lang Ya blessed land, she could not find wisdom Gu.


 And now, she could only send Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 Seeing that Thunder Ghost True Monarch had left the battlefield, Lang Ya land spirit screamed in anger while fearing that the mortal hairy men would be targeted, but because he was trapped by Chen Yi, the silver giant was still restricted by the immortal binding vine and could not move, even though many layers were pulled off, it was quite frustrating.


 “They are looking for wisdom Gu!” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with bright light.


 His wisdom path methods were extraordinary, he had already deduced Heavenly Court’s intention.


 It was a pity that Heavenly Court did not know wisdom Gu was already in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture. Last time, they had failed to take it from Lang Ya blessed land, that was the best opportunity, the difficulty had risen by thousands of times now!


 “In that case...” Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he noticed that this was the best opportunity!


 Immemorial year beast!


 He opened his immortal aperture and let out the monkey immemorial year beast.


 At the same time, he charged forward and used countless immortal killer moves to attack Fairy Zi Wei.


 Among the four Heavenly Court immortals, the biggest threat was not Chen Yi who had Genesis Lotus true inheritance, rank eight expert Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan who could resist Spectral Soul, or Feng Jiu Ge who had assimilation wind song, it was Fairy Zi Wei.


 The reason was simple, she was a wisdom path great expert!


 Just this point alone made her the leader of this expedition. Given enough time, she could deduce and create countless miracles.


 He had to eliminate this wisdom path Gu Immortal first!



***
Chapter 1576 - Yama Battlefield


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ancient sword dragon transformation!


 Soul explosion!


 Strength path giant hand!


 Myriad dragon!


 Fang Yuan used almost all his methods against Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei laughed: “Fang Yuan, you’re at your wits’ end.”


 She also used multiple killer moves of all kinds, they were all profound and actually blocked all of Fang Yuan’s attacks! Some even countered his moves.


 Fang Yuan’s methods had already been exposed long ago. Fairy Zi Wei had been collecting intel and did a lot of deductions, she created many methods that countered him.


 This was the incredible power of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s killer moves still had some use, after all, he had also modified his moves to deal with Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions.


 “But in terms of wisdom path attainment, I cannot compare to Fairy Zi Wei. At this rate, eventually, Fairy Zi Wei will deduce all of my methods and I will no longer be able to fight back.”


 Thoughts flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, battle intent surged in him but his mind was still cold as ice.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled as she breathed out some purple qi with imposing aura.


 The purple qi was delicate like a baby’s fist, but it entered the immemorial year beast’s mind the moment it hit.


 Howl—!


 The immemorial year beast growled in pain, it was furiously holding its head, it lost its ability to fight as it rolled around on the ground.


 The variant human Gu Immortals controlling the super immortal formation were all stunned!


 Fairy Zi Wei’s own battle strength was even higher than Chen Yi. Earlier, she had not fought seriously, but now, her strong methods and imposing air were a huge shock to everyone.


 Fang Yuan also felt a little discouraged.


 He still had two immemorial soul beasts captured from green ghost desert, but he did not want to use them now.


 Immemorial desolate beasts alone were often at a disadvantage against rank eight Gu Immortals. That was, unless they had rank eight Immortal Gu in them.


 Against these rank eight Gu Immortal experts from Heavenly Court, even immemorial desolate beasts with wild Immortal Gu could not deal with them!


 Like how Fang Yuan could capture those two immemorial soul beasts earlier, against Fairy Zi Wei, they held little threat.


 “I am clear of this, in order to resist Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in the past, Heavenly Court had obtained many soul path methods. This is why I let the immemorial year beast out, if I summoned the immemorial soul beasts, they would be even weaker against her.”


 Fang Yuan felt pressure rising in him.


 The enemies were just too powerful, they were truly formidable. Fang Yuan did not even have the confidence to kill the weakest person among them, Feng Jiu Ge. Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were all experts among rank eight experts, any single one of them could match Fang Yuan or even defeat him.


 To speak the truth, Lang Ya blessed land was already very powerful, it had three rank eight battle strength existences. This was already above the standards of most super forces in the five regions.


 Among the five regions, only the top tier super forces had one rank eight Gu Immortal. In Southern Border, why could the number one righteous path super force Wu clan dominate the region for so long? It was because there was a point in time where they had two rank eight Gu Immortals simultaneously, and also at least one rank eight Gu Immortal throughout the generations to hold the fort.


 Of course, Immortal Gu Houses could not be neglected, many Immortal Gu Houses had rank eight battle strength too.


 The strength of Lang Ya Sect was equivalent to a super force or even above that.


 But against Heavenly Court, it was just too weak in comparison!


 The immemorial rock dragon was suppressed by Chen Yi, Heavenly Giant Solor was struggling but still at a disadvantage.


 Feng Jiu Ge had been dealing with the super immortal formation that Fang Yuan modified, the formation path attainment of the variant human Gu Immortals inside could not match Fang Yuan, while Feng Jiu Ge’s separation song was absurdly fierce even though it was countered by the immortal Gu formation, the two sides were at a deadlock.


 Fang Yuan’s fight against Fairy Zi Wei was locked in a deadlock as well without any breakthroughs.


 He could not let this go on!


 Once Thunder Ghost True Monarch fails to find wisdom Gu and returns to fight, unless Lang Ya land spirit exposes a new trump card, Fang Yuan would definitely lose.


 “Lang Ya blessed land originated from Long Hair Ancestor, it must likely have other trump cards!”


 “But now, I cannot depend on this possibility. Immortal killer move — Yama Battlefield!”


 Fang Yuan suddenly flew and got closer to Fairy Zi Wei, before using his newly developed immortal battlefield killer move.


 Because of the soul explosion earlier, there were large numbers of soul path dao marks in the battlefield, yama battlefield rapidly opened as it formed in a breath of time.


 But even at this speed, Fang Yuan could not trap Fairy Zi Wei.


 This wisdom path great expert noticed something amiss the moment fy got close to her, she immediately retreated.


 Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield was created very quickly, one breath of time was faster than most of the immortal battlefield killer moves in this world.


 But this amount of time was enough for Fairy Zi Wei to escape.


 “I failed!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Not being able to trap Fairy Zi Wei, he had wasted his immortal essence.


 “However, my efforts were not in vain!” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jiu Ge who was inside yama battlefield as he surged with killing intent: “I’ll kill him first!”


 Fang Yuan grabbed the opportunity, the position earlier was perfect, if Fairy Zi Wei had not retreated in advance, he would have trapped the both of them.


 Yama battlefield was a new method, even if Fairy Zi Wei wanted to unravel it, she would need some time.


 If Fang Yuan could trap both Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei, in the battlefield, there would only be the silver giant, immemorial rock dragon, Chen Yi, and the super immortal formation.


 Now that Feng Jiu Ge was trapped, the super immortal formation was safe, if they could grab the opportunity to destroy the ancient tree prison cage, the immemorial rock dragon would also be free.


 Chen Yi would have to deal with both the silver giant and rock dragon, as well as a super immortal formation, he would not be able to handle it.


 If they could severely injure Chen Yi during that period, even if Thunder Ghost True Monarch returns, Lang Ya’s side would be able to regain their footing.


 But now, Fang Yuan only managed to trap Feng Jiu Ge, that meant the super immortal formation and Fairy Zi Wei were competing with each other.


 But even if Thunder Ghost True Monarch returns, for the time being, they would still be in a deadlock. After all, rank eight battle strength and sufficient foundation meant that they could not fall easily.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s target now was to kill Feng Jiu Ge!


 And he had to do it quickly, the faster the better!


 After killing Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan would dispel yama battlefield and deal with the three Heavenly Court rank eights alongside the rock dragon and silver giant, Lang Ya’s side would be in less danger after that.


 Thus, Feng Jiu Ge was a crucial point to break through!


 “A soul path battlefield killer move? It seems to have theft path mixed in!” Fairy Zi Wei looked at the air in front of her, for the first time in this battle, she frowned.


 The immortal battlefield isolated the inside from outside, thankfully, Fang Yuan had used it right in front of her, otherwise, she could not find the point of entry for yama battlefield that was just a tiny spot.


 But even if she did, Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions were having huge problems.


 Because yama battlefield not only contained the profundity of soul path, it also contained ghostly concealment! It was one with the killer move emperor yama.



***
Chapter 1577 - Fang Yuan Versus Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rumble!


 The super immortal formation activated as countless lightning bolts attacked Fairy Zi Wei and Chen Yi.


 Since the battle started, this super formation had either been suppressed by Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei or was in a deadlock with Feng Jiu Ge, it could finally displayed its might now.


 Chen Yi quickly defended himself, he was quite troubled.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw the chance and moved the silver giant, resisting the attack of the giant tree divine statue as it crashed into the ancient tree prison cage trapping the rock dragon.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly thought about it, choosing to attack the super immortal formation while deducing yama battlefield, ignoring Chen Yi’s situation.


 Fairy Zi Wei chose the safe method.


 If Feng Jiu Ge fought with Fang Yuan now, she might not assist him. If he really ended up in a dangerous spot, she might reinforce him, she would still make it in time.


 But now, yama battlefield was isolated from the outside, Feng Jiu Ge and Fang Yuan were fighting alone, this was dangerous and accidents might occur.


 Feng Jiu Ge was equally important to Heavenly Court, even more than Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, because he was the Dao Guardian of Great Dream Immortal Venerable Feng Jin Huang!


 Fairy Zi Wei did not want any mishaps to occur to him.


 Fang Yuan wanted Feng Jiu Ge to die right now!


 Immortal killer move — Emperor Yama!


 Immortal killer move — Yama Child!


 Immortal killer move — Soul Explosion!


 At once, Fang Yuan attacked in a frenzy, turning into emperor yama form as the yama child army attacked Feng Jiu Ge from all directions, soul explosions were mixed in and caused great damage to Feng Jiu Ge, in just a short period of time, blood was already flowing out of his mouth.


 “Great method!” Feng Jiu Ge felt an intense threat to his life, he used his killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Yang Pass Tune!


 At the moment of crisis, he had to use yang pass tune killer move despite there being a time limit.


 Using yang pass tune, he dodged and dodged, but within yama battlefield, his method was greatly restricted, it was quite ineffective.


 The yama children were amplified and moved even quicker and with greater force, they attacked without fearing death.


 Feng Jiu Ge dodged with all his effort, but he could not shrug off the yama children.


 Immortal killer move — Song Warrior!


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 Immortal killer move — Heaven and Earth Song!


 Immortal killer move — Submission Song!


 Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


 Four song warriors protected Feng Jiu Ge as he moved around the yama child army, trying to get close to Fang Yuan.


 Capturing the king is essential, this was the most straightforward and wise tactic.


 Fang Yuan in his emperor yama form flew around in yama battlefield with utmost ease and agility.


 Even though his enslavement path attainment was not high, he could still order the yama children to attack Feng Jiu Ge fluidly.


 After a while, Feng Jiu Ge had a grim expression.


 Green jade song warrior often shattered the yama children which were turned into jade statues. But these yama children were all unfearing and were tougher to deal with than ancient desolate beasts.


 Heaven and earth song had little effect within yama battlefield, separation song could break apart immortal formations, but the Immortal Gu used to sustain this battlefield were inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, this was unlike immortal formations and Immortal Gu Houses which had their Immortal Gu House outside. Separation song could not affect the interior of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, it was useless.


 Submission song that Feng Jiu Ge had entrusted his hopes to was the best method against enslavement path, it had been a great help against Fang Yuan in the past, but right now, this song was an example of ‘the bigger the hope, the greater the disappointment’. The yama children were merely affected in movement, they were completely unaffected by the enslavement effect of submission song.


 “My yama child uses soul beast modification, soul beast summoning and other methods within Spectral Soul true inheritance, it also relies on ghostly concealment at the core, how can your submission song work against it?” Fang Yuan snickered in his mind.


 “Do I need to use assimilation wind song?” Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was very shocking!


 Even though he was mentally prepared, now that he was suppressed by Fang Yuan, Feng Jiu Ge felt a sensation of disbelief.


 How long had it been?


 Not long ago, he, Feng Jiu Ge, had chased Fang Yuan from Southern Border to Western Desert and put him in a difficult position .


 “Fang Yuan’s growth speed is too fast! This time, even if we do not get wisdom Gu, we need to kill him!” Feng Jiu Ge sighed internally, he stopped the notion of using assimilation wind song.


 Assimilation wind song was too dangerous.


 Once he used it and made a mistake, the first person to die would be Feng Jiu Ge.


 Unless he had no choice, Feng Jiu Ge would not use assimilation wind song. Especially in an intense battle like this, the interferences were too great.


 “And my assimilation wind song has already been exposed, how can such a crafty person like Fang Yuan be unprepared against it?”


 Feng Jiu Ge was very wary of Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment.


 “This time, we attacked with a powerful force, because Fairy Zi Wei isn’t trapped inside this battlefield killer move, we have the absolute advantage in battle now.”


 “I need to wait for Lady Zi Wei to deduce and break this immortal battlefield from the outside, that is the best method.”


 “After all, this immortal battlefield contains soul path and theft path aura, but no time path aura, there should not be any problems with the rate of time.”


 Feng Jiu Ge dodged as he fought, refusing to let the yama children surround him, he decided to wait for reinforcements after putting his trust in Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fang Yuan had been thinking of ending the battle quickly, if Feng Jiu Ge fought against him directly, he would be extremely happy about it.


 But was Feng Jiu Ge stupid?


 He had a clear understanding of the situation, he chose the best tactic for now, Fang Yuan sighed deeply in disappointment.


 “Unfortunately, even though I have time path methods and rank eight time path Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water, it cannot be fused into yama battlefield.”


 Yama battlefield was not a killer move used on sovereign immortal body, it had the problem of conflicting dao marks.


 Fang Yuan had always kept a balance between theft path and soul path, but the conflict had reached the limit, adding time path on top of it was too difficult!


 Time path battlefield killer moves could alter the rate of time compared to the outside world, but yama battlefield could not.


 In fact, even if Fang Yuan tried to use time path killer moves, any moves that were not theft path or soul path would be resisted by the dao marks of the immortal battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Triple Extreme Sound!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s methods were unending, the yama children could not get close. Once his song warriors were destroyed, he would create new ones immediately.


 But the biggest problem for Fang Yuan was yang pass tune, it allowed Feng Jiu Ge to teleport instantly. Even though this move was restricted in this battlefield, having a limited range and would not break out of yama battlefield, Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand was too slow, at least, when compared to Feng Jiu Ge.


 Even though yang pass tune had a time limit, Fang Yuan could not wait, he needed to end this fast, he had to kill Feng Jiu Ge as soon as possible, in order to help in the battle outside.


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 Fang Yuan turned from emperor yama into a yama child as he sneaked into the army.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart jumped, his teleportation became more frequent.


 But Fang Yuan was still in the dark while he was exposed in the open, after a while, Fang Yuan found his opportunity.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 The ghost hand was completely concealed, going past the four song warriors and aiming for Feng Jiu Ge directly.


 Feng Jiu Ge was still using triple extreme sound, he did not sense its movement. Great thief ghost hand entered Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal aperture and grabbed an Immortal Gu tightly before leaving rapidly.


 “Oh no, Fixed Immortal Travel!!” Feng Jiu Ge stared with his eyes wide opened, he was deeply shocked by the assault.


 He quickly turned around and burst out with sound waves, forcing great thief ghost hand to reveal its appearance before him.


 He was about to attack the great thief ghost hand but Fang Yuan was well prepared, a large number of yama children rushed up and sacrificed themselves, protecting the great thief ghost hand as it entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 1578 - Fang Yuan’s Rank Eight Offensive Method!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “To think that I would regain Fixed Immortal Travel one day!” Fang Yuan sighed deeply as he looked at the Immortal Gu that was captured by great thief ghost hand.


 “Oh? It’s been raised to rank seven. It is indeed what I had deduced from the information earlier.” Fang Yuan was secretly joyful.


 Even though he had ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel which could replace the use of Fixed Immortal Travel to some extent, it had many flaws, needing four Gu Immortals to execute. Furthermore, it had a smaller range than Fixed Immortal Travel, which was able to go anywhere in the world.


 Rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel still had the same appearance as its rank six version.


 Right now, this Gu was struggling in great thief ghost hand, but it did not move, holding onto Fixed Immortal Travel as it flew rapidly.


 After flying into Heaven Sealing Mountain inside Mini Southern Border, great thief ghost hand opened and tossed Fixed Immortal Travel into the immortal formation.


 This immortal formation used two Immortal Gu as the core, Self Love and Affection, along with countless mortal Gu, the main effect was to help great thief ghost hand refine the stolen Immortal Gu quickly.


 Even though Reverse Flow River could be used here, it was already the core of reverse flow protection seal that Fang Yuan needed in battle.


 Fang Yuan had already succeeded once in using Immortal Gu Self Love and Affection to refine other people’s Immortal Gu long ago.


 His plan was originally to incorporate Affection and Self Love into great thief ghost hand so that after it steals Immortal Gu, the Gu can be refined instantly on the spot.


 This seemed unnecessary but that was not true.


 If he could refine it on the spot, great thief ghost hand would not need to suppress the Immortal Gu and bring it back to Fang Yuan, it could continue to steal more Immortal Gu consecutively.


 After being put inside Heaven Sealing Mountain, Fixed Immortal Travel was suppressed and the refinement was automatically done, Fang Yuan could see results soon.


 Fang Yuan placed his sights on Feng Jiu Ge again.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression was one of alertness and solemness, a look of disbelief was hidden deep within his eyes.


 “Fang Yuan actually has such a method to steal others’ Immortal Gu? Even those inside the immortal aperture are not spared?! Did he obtain another Thieving Heaven true inheritance?”


 This method made Feng Jiu Ge feel an intense threat!


 The sound wave attack that he used to force out great thief ghost hand was activated again, he did not want to cancel it.


 “This move is too terrifying! If the stolen Immortal Gu earlier was the core Immortal Gu of my triple extreme sound killer move, wouldn’t my killer move activation fail, causing me to suffer backlash and receive severe injures?”


 Feng Jiu Ge felt a bit of relief and also lingering fear.


 Fang Yuan felt that it was a pity, but great thief ghost hand could not choose its target, if he really stole the crucial Immortal Gu again like when he fought Meng Tu, Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move would fail and the battle would turn around, he could even be killed quickly.


 Even though Fang Yuan succeeded, Feng Jiu Ge was completely alert now, he used yang pass tune to teleport non-stop, refusing to stay at one spot. At the same time, he used his sound wave killer move without regard for immortal essence consumption. As for triple extreme sound, Feng Jiu Ge stopped using it, he did not dare to, his focus was all on escaping the pursuit of the yama children.


 After Fang Yuan was exposed, he used familiar face again to disguise as a yama child to approach Feng Jiu Ge subtly.


 This was an immense mental pressure to Feng Jiu Ge.


 But Fang Yuan was not feeling great either.


 Feng Jiu Ge was too slippery, he kept moving around the place, using his sound wave move and preventing Fang Yuan from getting any opportunities to attack.


 “It seems that I will need to put some effort into the concealment of great thief ghost hand.” Feng Jiu Ge actually had a way to force out the great thief ghost hand to show itself, this was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, he immediately thought of formless hand.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature method could interchange between phantom and solid, if it was used instead of great thief ghost hand, it would fear no sound waves. Formless hand was also extremely fast, once used, the enemies of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could only watch as their Immortal Gu were all stolen one by one, they would spit out blood from anger and helplessness!


 But Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand only had a small trace of formless hand’s glory.


 Even so, it made the great Feng Jiu Ge fluster and escape in anxiety while feeling fearful.


 Fang Yuan forced Feng Jiu Ge to move around the place but he felt no arrogance that he succeeded, he was clear that he only had hopes of victory if he killed Feng Jiu Ge quickly now and went back to help out Lang Ya blessed land!


 But in the following battle, Feng Jiu Ge did not leave any flaws for Fang Yuan, he was also a demonic path cultivator that shocked the whole of Central Continent, challenging all ten sects at once, he had rich battle experience.


 As time passed, yang pass tune’s time limit finally arrived!


 “A chance!” Fang Yuan was anxious and joyful. He was anxious because so much time had been wasted and Feng Jiu Ge was still alive, but he was joyful because the flaw had finally appeared.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart sank!


 In the past, his fierce attacks would render his enemies helpless. After becoming a famous person, he had never been faced with a situation where a rank seven Gu Immortal chased after his life.


 Now, he had experienced this from Fang Yuan, he finally recognized his own weakness, that was the movement aspect.


 With yang pass tune unusable, Feng Jiu Ge’s speed fell drastically, he was soon surrounded by yama children and could no longer dodge as easily.


 Feng Jiu Ge was forced to defend himself at one location. His killer moves had great power as he attacked the yama children who surrounded him from all directions.


 Fang Yuan hid among them perfectly, great thief ghost hand was prepared to strike the moment Feng Jiu Ge’s defenses revealed a flaw!


 But at this moment, the entire yama battlefield started to shake as it emitted a sharp noise.


 “Oh no!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 “Lady Zi Wei must have done it.” Feng Jiu Ge was very happy.


 The entire yama battlefield started to shake with greater intensity, Fairy Zi Wei’s actions were extremely effective after this amount of time.


 “So little time had passed, Fairy Zi Wei actually managed to deduce the workings of my yama battlefield, she is so fast! No, at this rate, yama battlefield cannot last for thirty breaths of time, I need to obtain victory now!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a ruthless light.


 “I was saving this for Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, but I will use it on you first!” There was no time, if yama battlefield was broken, Fang Yuan would lose the chance to kill even Feng Jiu Ge, he made up his mind to use this trump card.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Explosion!


 It was still the soul explosion method, but Fang Yuan was not detonating any ordinary yama child, it was an immemorial yama child!


 Fang Yuan had two immemorial soul beasts originally, during this period of cultivation, he turned the two immemorial soul beasts into yama children as well.


 These two yama children were extraordinary, Fang Yuan had finally used them after hiding them for so long!


 Ancient yama child soul explosion was a peak rank seven killer move, while immemorial yama child soul explosion was rank eight.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not deduce Luo Po seal successfully, he still had another hidden rank eight offensive method!


 Boom!


 Immemorial yama soul explosion!


 Feng Jiu Ge was directly hit!


 Splat.


 At a certain area in Central Continent, Feng Jin Huang went into a daze, the cup in her hand fell to the ground and shattered.


 “Hmm?” Duke Long sent her an inquiring gaze.


 Feng Jin Huang held her chest with an uncertain expression, just a moment ago, she felt an intense sensation in her heart.



***
Chapter 1579 - Fate Armor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “He didn’t die? What Immortal Gu is this!” Fang Yuan stared with slightly widened eyes as Feng Jiu Ge floated in the air.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s seven orifices were bleeding intensely, but a thin light armor surrounded his body, this armor saved his life, allowing him to survive the immemorial yama soul explosion.


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu — Fate Armor.” Feng Jiu Ge coughed out blood as he said.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was very dark.


 This was the first time he was seeing fate armor Immortal Gu, even though Feng Jiu Ge used it in the River of Time earlier, Fang Yuan had sent Feng Jiu Ge into the River of Time back then, he did not witness this personally.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not know the existence of fate armor Immortal Gu.


 And precisely so, he miscalculated.


 “Heavenly Court’s foundation...” Fang Yuan smiled helplessly, but at the next moment, his determination surged as he looked at Feng Jiu Ge with a menacing gaze: “This fate armor Immortal Gu can protect you once, but can it save you again?”


 Fang Yuan still had another immemorial yama child.


 Feng Jiu Ge was pale as paper, he had sustained severe injuries but he spit out some blood: “Cough, you can try. I’m not afraid to let you know, fate armor Immortal Gu’s effect is defense, its power varies but it only follows the results dictated by fate. If I am not meant to die now, fate armor Immortal Gu can protect me from any killer move in this world. If I am fated to die already, then Fate Armor’s protection will be as weak as paper.”


 “Fate!” Fang Yuan frowned tightly, saying the name of one Immortal Gu.


 “You are right, this has to do with fate Immortal Gu.” Feng Jiu Ge nodded as he sighed.


 If fate Immortal Gu was destroyed, Fate would no longer restrict all living beings, Fate Armor’s power would be reduced greatly, restricted by its rank, rank eight Immortal Gu would only be able to unleash rank eight defensive power. But now, Fate was injured and not fully destroyed, fate still bound the people of this world, this allowed fate armor Immortal Gu to unleash defenses beyond rank eight.


 “My reverse flow protection seal is a tortoise shell already, but this fate armor Immortal Gu is even more sturdy.” Fang Yuan was shook, but his attacks became even fiercer.


 Feng Jiu Ge used Fate Armor with all his strength, his immortal essence expenditure was huge but he could last for some time. This time when attacking Lang Ya blessed land, Fairy Zi Wei had already provided him assistance in the form of immortal essence storage.


 Rumble!


 At this time, there was an intense explosion as a purple galaxy appeared in yama battlefield, it expanded and revealed the appearance of the outside Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Why is she so fast?!” Fairy Zi Wei’s speed of deducing yama battlefield was way faster than Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Fang Yuan grunted as he bled from his nose and mouth, yama battlefield collapsed, he had to face the backlash of this killer move.


 Fairy Zi Wei did not give Feng Jiu Ge fate armor Immortal Gu simply to protect him. Once it was activated, Heavenly Court would sense it. Back then in the River of Time, Lord Huang Shi had used Fate Armor to locate Feng Jiu Ge and save his life.


 Now, Fairy Zi Wei was already close to breaking into yama battlefield and unraveling it. Fate Armor acted as receptor for Fairy Zi Wei to increase her deduction of yama battlefield, she could open up a pathway with a shorter amount of time.


 In history, wisdom path deductions have been the hardest at the starting step. All the wisdom path Gu Immortals in the world were trying to deduce matters on Fang Yuan, but he used wisdom path protection methods, as long as they were intact, they could not find him. Among the three wisdom path Gu Immortal experts of Eastern Sea, Hua An was also helpless and even reverse deduced by Fang Yuan.


 When she had just started to deduce it, yama battlefield was complete and had no loopholes, but now that she tore an opening in it, the hardest part was over, the difficulty had fallen greatly.


 Tear, tear...


 The sound was endless as streams of purple galaxies tore through the sky, creating countless tears in yama battlefield.


 Boom!


 With an intense explosion, yama battlefield broke apart entirely, Fang Yuan spit out a mouthful of blood as a large number of mortal Gu died in his immortal aperture, the Immortal Gu used were also injured to some extent.


 Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land while in emperor yama form.


 “Be careful, he has a way to steal Immortal Gu from the immortal aperture!” Feng Jiu Ge escaped and managed to fly back to Fairy Zi Wei, the moment he came out, he gave this intel to all his teammates.


 “It’s you!” Chen Yi was the first to speak, he shouted angrily with wide opened eyes.


 He recognized that Fang Yuan was the one who fought him in green ghost desert, the one who stole Qing Chou’s Soul Beast Token right in front of him!


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 He did not manage to kill Feng Jiu Ge, fate armor Immortal Gu ruined his hopes. And even worse, emperor yama and great thief ghost hand’s intel were exposed, the enemies found out about them.


 This was something Fang Yuan had been trying to avoid. Since the start of the battle, he had been keeping this trump card hidden, hoping to use it in this battle to kill a strong enemy, using yama battlefield to conceal the traces and keep his secrets hidden, but his wishes were not answered, Fang Yuan did not manage to kill anyone while his trump cards were exposed.


 “Fang Yuan, you are truly a source of chaos, Liu Guan Yi is you, Suan Bu Jin is also you.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with purple light, she instantly understood Fang Yuan’s plan: “So that’s it, you want to control green ghost desert to collect soul cores and use Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley to cultivate. It is a pity Dang Hun Mountain has been destroyed! Hmm? No, there is orderly well... you have a way to restore Dang Hun Mountain!”


 Fang Yuan did not speak, this Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert indeed, she exposed so many of Fang Yuan’s secrets in an instant.


 Fairy Zi Wei was also feeling deep lingering fear.


 “To think that Fang Yuan has such a method to steal other people’s Immortal Gu directly!”


 “Thankfully, great thief ghost hand is much weaker than formless hand, it cannot choose what Immortal Gu to steal. Otherwise, if it stole a crucial Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move activation would fail, he would face a backlash and would need to use Fate Armor in advance. It would be a problem of whether he could last until I deduce and broke this immortal battlefield killer move.”


 “Great thief ghost hand can steal rank eight Immortal Gu, thankfully it did not manage to take Fate Armor, otherwise, how could Feng Jiu Ge survive? Feng Jiu Ge is indeed a Dao Guardian, he has strong luck and was not suppressed by Fang Yuan’s luck.”


 “However...” Fairy Zi Wei looked at Fang Yuan with an eerie gaze: “This demon managed to steal Fixed Immortal Travel, it means that his luck is very strong, even though he failed to kill Feng Jiu Ge.”


 Fate Immortal Gu was damaged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, even though it was not destroyed, it was greatly weakened. Thereafter, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable rose up and created luck path.


 As long as Fate did not recover, luck path would continue to be this strong. Fang Yuan’s luck path attainment level was not high, he did not have any strong offensive killer moves in luck path, but luck path had always been helping him subtly, like burning soul bursting luck.


 Boom boom boom!


 Explosions resounded as both sides fought again, ending up in a chaotic battle.


 Feng Jiu Ge had lost a lot of his battle strength as he went under Fairy Zi Wei’s protection. Fang Yuan was also without options against Chen Yi’s ancient tree prison cage, he could only join up with the super immortal formation and Heavenly Giant Solor to deal with Chen Yi and Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei displayed the might of a rank eight expert now, her killer moves were used with great execution, far above Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi had Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, while Fairy Zi Wei cultivated Star Constellation’s true inheritance, it was not that Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance was inferior to Star Constellation’s true inheritance, but because wisdom path killer moves were fundamentally more complex and expended much more mental energy.


 Fang Yuan still had one immemorial yama child, emperor yama and great thief ghost hand were already exposed, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest could counter it.


 They did not put down their guard, they were covered by immortal killer moves that exploded continuously. If great thief ghost hand got close to them, the explosions would force them out, there was no opportunity to steal.


 The truth was, Chen Yi and Fairy Zi Wei’s investigative methods were very exemplary, but Fang Yuan stopped using great thief ghost hand frequently after fearing that it would be found out.


 The more he used it, the more flaws he would expose. Especially against Fairy Zi Wei, the more intel he leaked, the more she could deduce.


 Bam!


 With a thunderous sound, Thunder Ghost True Monarch appeared in a flash, she had returned!



***
Chapter 1580 - Heavenly Court’s Call to Surrender


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The moment Thunder Ghost True Monarch returned to the battlefield, the expressions of both sides changed.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals were extremely happy while Fang Yuan’s side turned grim.


 The two sides were evenly matched, at this time, Heavenly Court gained a new rank eight battle strength who was a first rate expert, this would cause a huge change in the battle result!


 But Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s report made Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze turn dark: “What, you did not find wisdom Gu?”


 Wisdom Gu was refined by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and the refinement process was recorded in Star Constellation’s true inheritance, allowing Fairy Zi Wei to know a lot about it. But Fairy Zi Wei did not know that wisdom Gu had the trait of following after information path environments.


 “Wisdom Gu is wild, did they refine it? Or did they destroy it? Or do they have any method to resist the light of wisdom and relocate wisdom Gu?”


 Thoughts rumbled in Fairy Zi Wei’s mind, she was thinking at lightning speed.


 She stood up and looked at Heavenly Giant Solor, gazing at Fang Yuan as she shouted: “Hand over wisdom Gu, I will allow you to surrender!”


 Heavenly Court’s current invasion was mainly for rank nine wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan was only secondary.


 Immortal Gu were unique and hard to refine, rank nine Immortal Gu were at the pinnacle of the pyramid, in the current five regions, in this entire world, there were likely less than ten rank nine Gu.


 Rank nine wisdom Gu was too important for the growth of Heavenly Court’s strength, it was second to fate Gu! Ignoring anything else, just Fairy Zi Wei alone, with just her wisdom path attainment and Star Constellation Chessboard, she was already one of the three strongest wisdom path great experts in the world.


 If she could obtain rank nine wisdom Gu, and use Star Constellation Chessboard to refine it, she would be the number one wisdom path great expert in the world, she would comprehend all of the profundities of wisdom path in this universe, she would stand at the very top, the second strongest person would be miles away from her, she would have an unthinkable deduction ability.


 Even if Fang Yuan had emperor yama, or even a rank eight wisdom path method, he would not be able to block Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions. Only rank nine methods could work.


 But how many rank nine wisdom path methods were there? At least in Fang Yuan’s true inheritances of Lang Ya and Spectral Soul, there were no such records!


 “Surrender?” The hairy man Gu Immortals shook.


 Lang Ya land spirit shouted in anger: “Surrender my ass! Lang Ya blessed land will only have hairy men dying in battle, we will not be kneeling slaves!”


 Fang Yuan was quite curious: “I am a complete otherworldly demon, in order to get wisdom Gu, will your Heavenly Court spare me?”


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled arrogantly: “So what if you are a complete otherworldly demon? Our Heavenly Court predecessors have known about otherworldly demons long ago, we have recruited them before, it was merely not written in history. Look at now, Zhao Lian Yun is the best example.”


 “Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court is far more magnanimous and accepting than you think. Even if you are an otherworldly demon who possessed Spring Autumn Cicada and Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, as long as you turn over a new leaf and contribute your sovereign immortal aperture into Heavenly Court, you will be one of us. And according to Heavenly Court’s rules, we will treat you equally as everyone else!”


 After hearing these words, Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he still smiled coldly, but Chen Yi had a complex expression, there was suspicion and jealousy in his eyes.


 Chen Yi believed what Fairy Zi Wei said, because Heavenly Court’s rules were as such, regardless of who you were in the past, after joining Heavenly Court as a righteous path member, after giving up your immortal aperture, you would be a member of Heavenly Court, there would be no differential treatment.


 “But it is so difficult to join Heavenly Court! I, Chen Yi, have worked hard my whole life, I only managed to join Heavenly Court because of my battle strength and the fact that I have Genesis Lotus true inheritance, how many years has this Fang Yuan cultivated? He killed people and caused havoc everywhere, but if he turned around now and become a righteous person, he would get to join Heavenly Court!”


 At once, Chen Yi felt a strong sense of injustice, he even felt a little grievance in his heart.


 But Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s expression was unchanged, because Heavenly Court had once tried to recruit someone else, this person slaughtered the people in the world, he was a much greater problem than the current Fang Yuan.


 He was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable reached rank nine, Heavenly Court had tried to recruit him multiple times. After becoming rank nine, they also tried to recruit him once.


 “Heavenly Court is the Heavenly Court of humanity! Fang Yuan, you are extremely talented, you managed to roam freely as a rank seven and evade Heavenly Court’s pursuit for so long, it shows your qualification to join us. I can swear on my life, after joining Heavenly Court, not only would you preserve your life, you would be able to cultivate and continue being a free Gu Immortal.” Thunder Ghost True Monarch said.


 “Fang Yuan...” At once, the hairy man Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with worry.


 Even Sixth Hair did the same.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “To obtain wisdom Gu, you guys are willing to let me go and recruit me, it shows how important rank nine wisdom Gu is to all of you! Then how about this, if you do not let us off today, I will destroy wisdom Gu in your face, your attempt will end in failure.”


 “Hmph, incorrigible! How can the grand righteous path be threatened by the likes of you? Since you want to die, I will grant you your wish!” Thunder Ghost True Monarch charged at Fang Yuan with deep anger.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan fought against Thunder Ghost True Monarch on barely even grounds, thunder was rumbling, air currents were turbulent.


 “Oh? That means wisdom Gu is on you now?” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with brilliance, she started to act as well.


 Fairy Zi Wei was suppressed by Thunder Ghost True Monarch and Fairy Zi Wei’s cooperation, he could only use reverse flow protection seal to defend himself, he could not fight back at all.


 He transmitted to Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, this is an emergency! If you have any methods left, use it now, otherwise, there will be no time to regret!!”


 Lang Ya land spirit shouted: “Forget it, I’ll show you the true power of Lang Ya blessed land!”


 As he said that, the entire sea surface of Lang Ya blessed land started to bubble, it was as if the ocean was boiling.


 Countless refinement path dao marks shone with the light of dao marks, be it Gu Immortals or mortals, they could see it with their naked eyes.


 The aura of an immortal killer move burst out like a grand tornado, it rampaged in the entire Lang Ya blessed land, none of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were spared, they were all hit by the move.


 “What is this?!” Chen Yi and the rest had changes in expressions, all of their defensive methods radiated with a brilliant light, forced to resist the move.


 The mysterious killer move was incredibly powerful, even Fang Yuan was hit by it, there were countless ripples on his reverse flow protection seal.


 “Quick, come inside.” Lang Ya land spirit transmitted, moving the silver giant towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan successfully fused into Heavenly Giant Solor formation, this was not the first time he was entering this ancient battle formation.


 “What move is this?” A flash of joy sparked on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s move was very powerful, all four Heavenly Court immortals were all forced to defend themselves, they could not attack.


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled bitterly: “These were the gains in battle that my main body had obtained when he killed a water path great expert in his life, using it, he comprehended the strongest refinement path killer move — Omnipresent Four Seas! This move expends an immense amount of seawater, unless we are refining rank eight Immortal Gu, we would not use it. Against the enemy now, it can only last for dozens of breaths.”


 Fang Yuan observed carefully, Lang Ya blessed land’s sea level was truly falling, a vast amount of water was expended to maintain this omnipresent four seas killer move.


 Fang Yuan had a realization: “So this Lang Ya blessed land’s terrain was carefully designed. The three continents float on the vast sea, but the seawater is not simple at all, it is actually the refinement path foundation of the blessed land, it is truly precious.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals as he sighed: “It is a pity that this move cannot differentiate friend and foe, otherwise, if we can attack now, we can gain the upper hand!”


 Actually, omnipresent four seas could be contained in an area, but that place needed to have a corresponding immortal formation to draw out the power of the killer move and refine Gu.


 And this refinement path immortal formation is none other than the Long Hair refinement path formation used to refine Myriad Self for Fang Yuan.


 Heavenly Court would naturally not be lured into such an obvious trap, and in this situation, Lang Ya land spirit had no choice but to use this move fully across the whole of Lang Ya blessed land, in the sky, land, and sea.


 But this way, Fang Yuan’s super immortal formation would also be attacked by omnipresent four seas. Thankfully, Lang Ya land spirit was prepared for it and went towards the silver giant, disassembling as the Immortal Gu were collected back, the variant human Gu Immortals of the three races also entered the silver giant.


 “What do we do now?” Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit as he asked.


 He felt that Lang Ya blessed land still had some trump cards left.


 And this battle would be decided by those trump cards!



***
Chapter 1581 - Thunder Ghost’s Death!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya land spirit had a look of pain.


 As he looked at the falling sea level, he frowned tightly, feeling deep loss.


 This seawater seemed ordinary but it was not, Long Hair Ancestor had painstakingly created this refinement water during his late years. Right now, there was only the quantity of one sea, if there were four seas, he would be able to use a secret method to cause a qualitative change and create a man-made secluded domain of heaven and earth!


 For this goal, Lang Ya blessed land had been kept at crescent moon lake for a long time, using the water path environment and immortal tribulation tempering aperture killer move to trigger water path tribulations and increase water path dao marks for Lang Ya blessed land.


 But now, in order to resist Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Lang Ya blessed land’s accumulations were rapidly expended, after this battle, it would definitely be depleted.


 “Ahhhh!” Lang Ya land spirit growled, leading the band of hairy man Gu Immortals to mobilize Heavenly Giant Solor.


 The silver giant attacked with immortal killer moves as Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were faced with explosions.


 The attacks were extremely powerful, they were at rank eight level, at once, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had no way to fight back, Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s armor was broken, while Chen Yi and Fairy Zi Wei spat out blood, Feng Jiu Ge’s state was even worse, his face was pale as paper as he gritted his teeth, he was holding on with fate armor Immortal Gu!


 Omnipresent four seas was in essence a refinement path killer move, it used the refinement path dao marks of Lang Ya blessed land, it was the accumulation of Long Hair Ancestor’s entire life.


 This move did not care about ally or foe, Fang Yuan would be hit if he was within range, but hairy men could move freely. The reason was that hairy men had refinement path dao marks naturally!


 And when Lang Ya land spirit’s side uses killer moves, the refinement path killer moves would be amplified by omnipresent four seas, each hit would be extremely powerful, having first rate rank eight power.


 As for the silver giant, it could also move freely as it was an ancient battle formation instead of an Immortal Gu House, Heavenly Giant Solor depended on the user, right now, with the hairy man Gu Immortals controlling it, it was a refinement path giant.


 This was also why Fang Yuan and the variant human Gu Immortals of the other three races did not participate.


 If he attacked, he would be restricted by omnipresent four seas, there would not be any point.


 “Kill, kill them all!”


 “Lang Ya’s foundation is truly unfathomable.”


 The variant human Gu Immortals of the three races gasped, but Fang Yuan frowned deeply, telling Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, even though your all-out attacks are powerful, they cannot determine victory. Omnipresent four seas cannot last long, we have limited time, if you do not use any of your remaining methods...”


 “I know, shut up!” Lang Ya land spirit growled, his eyes were bloodshot, he gritted his teeth, having a fierce expression, he was very uneasy in his heart.


 On the surface, he had a great advantage, but Heavenly Court’s four immortals could not be killed, they were like rocks by the seashore, no matter how hard the waves crashed into them, they remained motionless.


 After more than ten breaths of time, even though the silver giant burst out with immense might, Heavenly Court’s four immortals were still alive, while Lang Ya blessed land’s seawater had dried up, not a drop of water remained, even the seabed was exposed.


 “It is time to retaliate.” Thunder Ghost True Monarch breathed in deeply, her expression was sinister, she started to condense her black armor again.


 “As expected of Long Hair Ancestor’s legacy.” Chen Yi sighed deeply, healing his own injuries rapidly.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had deep foundations, they resisted the silver giant’s attacks with only mild injuries.


 “You forced me, you all forced me!” Seeing the approaching Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, Lang Ya land spirit muttered as he screamed afterwards: “Come, come if you want to lose your life!”


 Omnipresent four seas could not defeat the enemies, but Lang Ya land spirit took out another trump card.


 Rumble!


 Intense thunder rumbled and red lightning flashed, in an instant, the whole of Lang Ya blessed land was enveloped.


 “This is?!” Heavenly Court’s four immortals’ expressions rapidly changed to great shock. Be it the plotting Fairy Zi Wei, or the Thunder Ghost True Monarch bursting with battle strength, or Chen Yi who was once the authoritative figure of a sect, or Feng Jiu Ge with immense talent, they all lost their cool.


 Fang Yuan was also dazed, memories flashed in his mind as he spoke: “Steal Life?”


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals were stunned, they did not know what this trump card was, even Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan in surprise: “That’s right, this is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s rank eight steal life Immortal Gu! You know about it?”


 Fang Yuan was deeply shocked, Lang Ya land spirit actually had steal life Immortal Gu in his hands.


 Fang Yuan knew about steal life Immortal Gu from Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, to think that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had left this Immortal Gu to Long Hair Ancestor.


 Defend!


 Heavenly Court’s four immortals tried to defend themselves.


 They were extremely nervous now, hundreds or thousands of times as before!


 Because they could tell that this was the red light emitted by steal life Immortal Gu.


 At the next moment, the overwhelming red light suddenly retracted, as if thousands of arrows were shot out before flying back to the bows like time was reversed.


 The red light brought away the lifespan of all lifeforms!


 In an instant, Feng Jiu Ge turned from a handsome young man to an old and wrinkled man with white hair.


 Fairy Zi Wei spit out a mouthful of blood, wrinkles appearing on her face.


 Chen Yi was extremely pathetic, his long hair broke as strands flew in the wind.


 As for Thunder Ghost True Monarch, she held her chest, originally, she looked like a young girl, but after the red light retracted, she completely turned into an old lady, her hair was white and her eyes were blurry, she gasped in weakness as she tried to breathe, there were barely any teeth left in her mouth.


 “Good!” Seeing this, Fang Yuan smiled.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were very powerful, but most of them were slumbering in the immortal graveyard, unless they had no choice, they would not wake up. Because they had already expended most of their lifespan, with their already limited lifespan, they would not be able to live long.


 And now, Lang Ya land spirit used steal life Immortal Gu, this weakness was targeted, greatly influencing the Heavenly Court’s four immortals.


 “However, Lang Ya land spirit is only using steal life Immortal Gu, it is not a killer move and has a singular effect. Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals activated their methods urgently, they were all defensive but could not block everything.”


 “And this steal life Immortal Gu did not differentiate ally from enemy, even the silver giant was useless against it, our Gu Immortals were also affected.” Fang Yuan looked at himself, he was also covered in white hair and wrinkles.


 But it was not a problem, he had four thousand years of lifespan Gu, he quickly used a few to become a young man again.


 As for the other variant human Gu Immortals, they originally had longer lifespans than humans, even without lifespan extension methods, they could also continue to live. Even those mortal hairy men could survive.


 This was also why Lang Ya land spirit had kept this steal life Immortal Gu until now without using it.


 “Even if Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals are stronger, so what? We will compete with them using lifespan! First supreme elder, use Steal Life again!” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst with ruthlessness, he urged Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled bitterly: “Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was afraid that this steal life Immortal Gu would cause chaos in this world, even though he gave it to my main body, he set up methods to only allow it to activate thrice before self-detonating.”


 “What? Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable is such a merciful person?” The variant human Gu Immortals were very surprised.


 As for Fang Yuan, thinking about Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, he understood why.


 “Who cares if it can be used thrice or twice, when else do you want to use it!” Fang Yuan urged again.


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded deeply, using steal life Immortal Gu again.


 In the blink of an eye, the red light retracted again.


 “Urgh...” Thunder Ghost True Monarch sighed with a weak tone: “To think that I... Jing Lan... would die here.”


 She tried to open her eyes, but she was too weak, her eyes closed again.


 She — had died of old age.



***
Chapter 1582 - Time To Retreat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Senior Jing Lan!” Fairy Zi Wei cried out in sorrow.


 Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge also had expressions of sorrow, hatred, anger, and other emotions.


 Jing Lan’s death was unexpected, because they did not expect that Lang Ya blessed land actually had steal life Immortal Gu!


 “Wasn’t it said that before Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable vanished mysteriously, he had been worried that steal life Gu was too powerful and would cause great chaos in the world if it ended in others’ hands, so he destroyed it along with the Gu recipe?” Fairy Zi Wei frowned.


 Evidently, this was false information, but Heavenly Court thought it was real.


 If Fairy Zi Wei wanted to know the details, she could only interrogate Lang Ya land spirit after capturing him.


 After all, in the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu for him, whatever internal transaction they had or whatever information they leaked to deceive Heavenly Court was known to only these two parties.


 “Hahaha!” Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily: “You think that Lang Ya Sect is so easy to bully? This time, you will all die!”


 “Be careful!” Fang Yuan suddenly shouted in warning.


 “What?” At the next moment, Lang Ya land spirit gasped.


 Because even though Jing Lan died, her heart was still shining with lightning sparks. Soon, her aged body melted entirely from the lightning heart’s heat and current.


 The electric current filled the black armor, this unmanned armor actually raised its head, bursting out with a grand aura that could trample heaven and earth!


 “This?!”


 “Isn’t she dead?”


 “Not good, this is not good!”


 The variant human Gu Immortals gasped in fear and shock.


 Fang Yuan had a grim expression, saying his deduction: “Thunder Ghost True Monarch indeed died, but her black armor is soul path in essence. Even though she died, the armor remained, it is akin to a special soul. And most importantly, her heart seems to be the final trump card, it has great power, we need to be wary of it!”


 But at this moment, Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s armor burst out like a shooting star, towards the silver giant.


 A vast amount of blue electric currents leaked out of the black armor, forming a trail of electricity behind it.


 Fast!


 The armor was extremely fast, after hearing Fang Yuan’s words, the hairy men were forewarned, but they had no time to dodge or use killer moves.


 Because it was too fast!


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch was most skilled at movement, her strength overall was at high standard within rank eight, but her speed was at the peak of rank right.


 Right now, the lightning armor flew with speed that surpassed the peak of rank eight, it was at quasi-rank nine!


 The silver giant could not dodge, it was hit by the lightning armor.


 “We will retreat!” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyelids were twitching, she wanted to escape but it was too late!


 Boom—!


 An intense explosion occurred.


 Countless flashes of lightning weaved and danced, the central area turned into a pool of lightning plasma due to the dense electricity!


 At once, the world turned white, the light was simply too blinding. Countless mortal hairy men looked at the sky, they were crying, holding their eyes as they rolled on the ground, they had all gone blind after taking one glance.


 As the light faded, an unparalleled air current blew in all directions.


 Even Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were pushed away, they could not help themselves, they were like rafts in the middle of a tsunami.


 The entire Cloud Cover Continent’s central area was blown to bits, a huge hole of gigantic size was created.


 The whole of Lang Ya blessed land shook intensely, originally, the refinement path dao marks emitted dense light of dao marks, but now within the range of the explosion, they were all destroyed. The refinement path dao marks that were near the explosion had decreased greatly in numbers, while the ones left faded and dimmed.


 At the center of the explosion, there was an empty space, only several Gu Immortals remained in the vast area like tiny ants.


 “Cough, cough!” The remaining variant human Gu Immortals all had rank seven cultivation level and were people with great battle strength. They continued to cough as they spat out blood, they were in a pathetic state.


 Lang Ya land spirit was translucent now, fading like an illusory shadow, he was on the brink of collapsing.


 Only Fang Yuan was unharmed, but his expression was very dark, the reverse flow protection seal on him had been almost depleted! The Reverse Flow River within sovereign immortal aperture had expended ten percent of its water from this one attack!


 “Worthy of the rank eight expert that once resisted Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! Even in death, she could retaliate to this extent!”


 “This move condensed all of her lightning path dao marks into her heart, detonating it at once and erupting with overwhelming might.”


 “After that, the battlefield had no lightning path dao marks remaining, it shows how she had made use of every single dao mark, she definitely had lightning path great grandmaster attainment level.”


 Fang Yuan’s mind flashed with thoughts.


 Even though he was not injured, his losses were severe.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s final attack had quasi-rank nine power. When the explosion occurred, the silver giant first resisted it, but after the silver giant broke apart, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal resisted it. Even then, Reverse Flow River lost water amounting to ten percent of its total capacity.


 Reverse Flow River sustained the reverse flow protection seal killer move, it was not unlimited, Fang Yuan had used it multiple times already, only sixty percent was left.


 Fang Yuan was in a better shape, but the rest were in pitiful conditions.


 The silver giant broke apart, the backlash coupled with Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s final explosion caused half of the variant human Gu Immortals to die, their corpses were decimated, their souls had disintegrated, only their immortal apertures were left.


 The remaining immortals who were alive had severe injuries, some showed shock on their faces, while others were emotionless, they were completely stupefied from the explosion.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s explosion caused great damage to the entire variant human alliance!


 “Protect Lang Ya land spirit, we still have steal life Gu, we can fight!” Fang Yuan shouted, at the same time, he flew in front of Lang Ya land spirit, protecting him. At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan had to control the situation.


 “That’s right, we have... steal life Immortal Gu!” The battle was at the most crucial moment, Lang Ya land spirit knew that he could not be angry or upset now, he immediately moved to use steal life Immortal Gu a second time.


 “Quickly act!!” Fairy Zi Wei and Chen Yi charged.


 Seeing that steal life Immortal Gu was about to be used again, how could they not be anxious?


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 Chen Yi’s body shook as green smoke emerged to form a huge divine tree.


 Meanwhile, Fairy Zi Wei attacked fiercely.


 Immortal killer move — Dead Inside From Sorrow!


 She directly used her strongest method, the emotion of sorrow quickly spread, there were no bright lights from her method, but many of the variant human Gu Immortals defending Lang Ya land spirit twitched as they grasped their hearts, their eyes rolled over as they died mysteriously!


 “Sixth Hair!” Fang Yuan called out, Fairy Zi Wei’s attack could not be guarded against, Sixth Hair had barely survived the explosion earlier, he was almost dead, with this attack from Fairy Zi Wei, he could not take it anymore, he died.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, even though he was unharmed, Reverse Flow River lost another ten percent of its water, this meant that Fairy Zi Wei’s offensive killer move was on par with Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s final self-detonated explosion!


 “No—! Save me!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, grabbing Fang Yuan’s arm as he used a defensive killer move against Fairy Zi Wei’s attack.


 Fang Yuan looked at him helplessly.


 Because reverse flow protection seal could only protect him, it could not defend Lang Ya land spirit as well.


 “First supreme elder, you cannot use steal life Immortal Gu anymore in this state. The only way now is to move the entire Lang Ya blessed land into my immortal aperture, that is the only way left!” Fang Yuan urged with an earnest expression.


 But Lang Ya land spirit rejected him, he stared at Fang Yuan angrily: “No, this won’t do, I can still fight!”


 Bump.


 At the next moment, he reached his limit, his defensive methods were all broken, his entire body shattered into countless shards, dying on the spot, disintegrating and breaking down!


 “Killed him!” Fairy Zi Wei saw this and relaxed, she almost fell down and fainted on the spot.


 Dead inside from sorrow had great backlash, Fairy Zi Wei laughed bitterly in her heart, after using it this time, she would have to rest for a very long time.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, damn it...” Fang Yuan frowned, cursing: “But I have not lost my chance! Maybe...”


 At the next moment, at the place where Lang Ya land spirit died, a figure appeared.


 He had a white beard and eyebrows, it was the previous white haired Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya blessed land had two obsessions, causing there to be two land spirits, the black haired land spirit was killed, but the white haired land spirit appeared once again.


 “What? A second Lang Ya land spirit appeared!” Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply, she knew of this secret, but she was very confident in dead inside from sorrow, she felt that both land spirits could be killed together.


 But the truth was, Lang Ya blessed land was more profound than her estimations.


 Even though Fairy Zi Wei could use dead inside from sorrow killer move again, there was no time. And could ordinary methods kill Lang Ya land spirit defended by Fang Yuan?


 Fairy Zi Wei was not flustered, instead, her lips curled up, she started to focus on defense, protecting her teammate.


 That teammate was Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi’s karma divine tree was already bearing a huge fruit.


 “Every cause has an effect, the effect can eliminate the cause1!” Chen Yi shouted as he extended his right hand, grabbing this fruit and squeezing it.


 Guh.


 The fruit was instantly squashed as the purple fruit juice splattered on Chen Yi’s face and body like poisonous venom.


 Chii Chiii Chiii...


 Intense pain assaulted him as Chen Yi cried out, his face and body was corroded by the fruit juice, pieces of flesh and skin rotted as his bones were exposed in a few breaths of time.


 Chen Yi paid such a huge price, injuring himself gravely to use karma divine tree forcefully, he had his motive!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed as he said grimly: “They destroyed steal life Immortal Gu!”


 “Sigh!” Fang Yuan sighed deeply, urging again: “Now, you can only fuse Lang Ya blessed land into my...”


 Before he finished, white haired Lang Ya land spirit interrupted: “No need, my Lang Ya blessed land has its trump card! My former main body had made an agreement with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in the past. If we face any danger of extermination, we can request help from Longevity Heaven to seek help from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s descendants. Afterwards, we will join Longevity Heaven and fuse into it while being on equal status!”


 Saying so, a door opened deep within the blessed land.


 A few breaths of time later, legendary immemorial desolate beast Mao Li Qiu charged out from deep underground.


 Behind it, there were several Gu Immortals with rank eight aura approaching with battle intent.


 “Lang Ya blessed land is now the territory of Longevity Heaven!”


 “Heavenly Court! Your claws are even longer than mine, I, Mao Li Qiu, will chop them all off today, hahaha1.”


 “Fang Yuan is here too, kill him, we will take revenge for the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and reclaim the luck path true inheritance!”


 At once, with strong reinforcements, the situation of the battle was turned around immediately.


 “Sigh...” Fang Yuan let out a deep sigh, he told himself internally: “It is time to retreat.”



***
Chapter 1583 - Bull Demon, Flower Lady


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “First supreme elder, how can you say this!” Longevity Heaven’s members were filled with animosity towards Fang Yuan, he retreated as he chided Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted, not showing Fang Yuan any kindness: “I have not settled the score with you! You had ulterior motives and pushed Black Hair to the brink of destruction, haven’t you obtained enough benefits during this period?!”


 Lang Ya land spirit turned on him.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim: “Aren’t you afraid of the alliance agreement...”


 “Black Hair was the one who set the agreement with you, not me!” Lang Ya land spirit responded.


 “As expected.” Fang Yuan sighed internally, the white haired land spirit’s decision showed some problems. Fang Yuan had guessed it already, he merely confirmed it with Lang Ya land spirit personally.


 “Fang Yuan, where can you run to!” Saying so, Mao Li Qiu pounced and slammed its claw on Fang Yuan.


 Boom!


 The huge force impacted Fang Yuan as he was pushed away, he crashed like a meteor onto the dried seabed.


 Even though Fang Yuan looked pathetic, he was unharmed, while Mao Li Qiu shrugged its claws and said with anger: “This Reverse Flow River is truly annoying!”


 “Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, fight us!” A muscular brute with a thick beard said with a thunderous voice, he was extremely tall and strong, having a powerful aura.


 There was another Gu Immortal, she was a little girl with a flower on her head, she sat on the muscular man’s shoulder, giggling as her crystal-like eyes on her innocent cute face stared at Fairy Zi Wei.


 The two Gu Immortals had rank eight cultivation level but they did not attack Fang Yuan, they charged at Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, there was great risk for Longevity Heaven to keep her in the battlefield, she had to be eliminated first!


 “Bull Demon, Flower Lady, you are both here...” Fairy Zi Wei’s pupils shrunk, she recognized who these people were as solemness flashed on her eyes.


 “Hahaha, since you, Zi Wei, can move around, so can the two of us!” The brutish Bull Demon laughed maniacally.


 Boom boom boom!


