 A chain of explosions occurred as Bull Demon and Flower Lady forced Fairy Zi Wei to retreat time and again.


 Fairy Zi Wei had little lifespan to begin with, she was lucky to have Star Constellation true inheritance helping her, but after facing the effect of Steal Life twice, she was in a poor state now. In contrast, Longevity Heaven expended its foundation and summoned Bull Demon and Flower Lady in perfect condition, they had the advantage.


 Fairy Zi Wei blocked their attacks while observing the battlefield.


 When she saw that Mao Li Qiu slashed at Fang Yuan, she suddenly reminded: “Be careful, Fang Yuan had rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, don’t let him escape!”


 Even though Longevity Heaven wanted her dead, she was still calm as ice, she was not overwhelmed by them, her intention to kill Fang Yuan had never wavered.


 Mao Li Qiu frowned immediately.


 They had brought three rank eights, one legendary immemorial desolate beast, and one Immortal Gu House here, but they were not space path related.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was a space path Immortal Gu, only space path Gu Immortals were the most skilled at countering it.


 Mao Li Qiu had a change of mind as it charged at Fang Yuan, shouting at Lang Ya land spirit: “Old man, quickly act, deal with Fang Yuan, we will give you a lot of credit for it!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was hesitant, but he quickly shouted: “Shut up Mao Li Qiu! Since Fang Yuan wants to leave, let him. What rights do you have to order me around? Even though I sought help from Longevity Heaven, according to our agreement back then, we are on equal status!”


 Lang Ya land spirit had thought of killing Fang Yuan, but he soon thought of how Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven failed to kill Fang Yuan after hunting him down for so long, how could he succeed?


 Fang Yuan knew everything about Lang Ya blessed land, he also had great thief ghost hand, reverse flow protection seal, Fixed Immortal Travel, and countless unscrupulous methods, Lang Ya land spirit did not want to aggravate such a demon.


 “You!” Mao Li Qiu shouted in anger, but it could not do anything to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit said to the remaining variant human Gu Immortals: “You are all clear of the situation now, even though Black Hair died, I am not restricted by the agreement. But don’t worry, as long as you all join my Lang Ya blessed land, I can ensure your safety!”


 The variant human Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, they looked at each other and nodded.


 There was no choice, they were exposed now and were under the alliance agreement, Lang Ya land spirit also knew a lot about them. There was no options left, if they did not want to die, they would need to surrender.


 Ancient sword dragon transformation!


 Myriad dragon!


 Familiar face!


 Fang Yuan used three moves at once, with myriad self Immortal Gu, he could be very efficient in using consecutive killer moves, before Mao Li Qiu got close to him, it had to face the myriad dragon army.


 Mao Li Qiu growled, using immortal killer moves to summon wind, frost, and lightning, killing countless sword dragon clones.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan had already gotten close to Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Be careful, he is there!” Five Elements Grandmaster shouted, he found out Fang Yuan’s location in advance.


 He had sneaked into Longevity Heaven but got trapped in Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar after he was discovered. After a long time of resisting the Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals, Five Elements Grandmaster realized that he had no chance of escaping, he could only lower his head and join Longevity Heaven.


 This time, Longevity Heaven came to reinforce Lang Ya blessed land, he was one of the ones who came.


 “He actually found me! But... it is too late!!” Fang Yuan turned into the ancient sword dragon and roared, his dragon fangs were sharp and sinister.


 “Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted in shock, he quickly used his defensive immortal killer move.


 “Naturally to kill you! Immemorial yama child — Soul Explosion!” Fang Yuan shouted angrily.


 Boom—!


 The rank eight killer move erupted, pitch black smoke spread out as it engulfed everything, the entire Lang Ya land spirit was covered in the black smoke.


 “Don’t!” The variant human Gu Immortals shouted.


 “Quickly stop, we are allies by marriage...” Snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan screamed.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan could not care about their lives anymore, Lang Ya land spirit knew too much, since it did not want to join Fang Yuan, it had to die!


 “Quickly save the land spirit! Don’t let him die!” Mao Li Qiu was so shocked its hair was standing, it resisted the soul explosion as it charged at Fang Yuan.


 “Calamity Luck Altar!” Five Elements Grandmaster directly let out this Immortal Gu House and went inside, crashing towards Fang Yuan while moving it.


 Calamity Luck Altar was one of the foundations of Longevity Heaven, they had actually brought it over to help Lang Ya blessed land!


 “Hmph, he escaped quickly.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a cold light.


 He did not take Lang Ya land spirit’s life, at the crucial moment, Lang Ya land spirit teleported away.


 If Five Elements Grandmaster had not reminded him, Lang Ya land spirit might not have reacted in time. But now, this was his domain, without using other methods to restrict him, he could teleport away from Fang Yuan.


 “It is not so easy to take my life. Everyone, we will meet again.” Fang Yuan looked around as he left his final words, using Fixed Immortal Travel afterwards.


 He was in the center of the soul explosion, it was like the eye of the tornado, he was safe and sound. To approach Fang Yuan, the rest had to resist the soul explosion which had dense soul path dao marks, their immortal killer moves were restricted.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu — Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Jade light flashed as Fang Yuan vanished on the spot before anyone could interfere, he retreated successfully.


 “We did not manage to kill this demon!” Fairy Zi Wei felt regretful.


 Mao Li Qiu roared in anger, its bloodshot eyes stared at Fairy Zi Wei.


 Without Fang Yuan, only Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court were left.


 Bam bam bam...


 Continuous explosions resounded, the battle went into the climax right from the start.


 “Stop, stop, don’t destroy my blessed land. Damn it!” Lang Ya land spirit stomped his feet in anger, moving away as he tried to gather the lucky survivors on the three continents.


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed, when he regained his senses, he was in an underground cave.


 “Fixed Immortal Travel is just so convenient.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 After stealing this rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, he placed it in Heaven Sealing Mountain’s immortal formation for refinement, it quickly became Fang Yuan’s.


 After confirming that there were no traps, Fang Yuan used it and left Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land had rank eight Gu Immortals fighting, while outside there was Prince Feng Xian lying in ambush, Fang Yuan was an eyesore for both forces, he could not stay. If others were given enough time, or if he was hit by any special move and could not leave, it would be too stupid of him.


 “Who is it?”


 “Ah, it’s elder Fang Yuan!”


 Several rank six Gu Immortals sensed the immortal aura as they ran over, after seeing Fang Yuan, they bowed and asked: “Elder Fang Yuan, how is the situation in Lang Ya blessed land?”


 Fang Yuan smiled viciously, he did not speak, he spread his arms instead.


 Immortal killer move — Yama Battlefield!



***
Chapter 1584 - Slaughter


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What happened?”


 “Immortal battlefield... this, this is not funny.”


 “Lord Fang Yuan, we are on the same side!”


 Panic and shouting ensued, the rockman and snowman Gu Immortals screamed while revealing deep wariness in their eyes.


 In the current world, humans were the dominant race, these snowmen and rockmen were living desperately in the icy plain, they had a huge pressure of survival. In this environment, those variant humans who could become Gu Immortals were not useless.


 If not for Fang Yuan’s rank seven aura and publicly recognized rank eight battle strength, these rank six variant human Gu Immortals might have attacked already.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he looked at the sole rank seven Gu Immortal among the variant humans as he sighed: “Don’t panic, I am your ally, how can I harm you? Lang Ya blessed land lost the battle, only I managed to escape, we lost because there was a traitor among you.”


 “What? We lost!”


 “Lang Ya blessed land has been taken over by Heavenly Court?”


 “We have a traitor?”


 Fang Yuan’s words were shocking, all the variant human Gu Immortals were deeply shook.


 The sole rank seven snowman Gu Immortal frowned deeply: “Lord Fang Yuan, please open the immortal battlefield, let us communicate with our tribe!”


 But before he finished his words, his body shook, he screamed: “My Immortal Gu!”


 It was Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand, it had succeeded in stealing the Gu.


 The other variant human Gu Immortals were confused, they asked in concern: “Lord Bing Zhuo, what happened?”


 That’s right, the snowman Gu Immortal guarding their base was Bing Zhuo. He had a rather good relationship with Fang Yuan, he had once invited Fang Yuan to drink his ice wolf wine.


 Bing Zhuo stared at Fang Yuan angrily, he was about to scream with Fang Yuan took the initiative and pointed at him, saying with great certainty: “You are the traitor!”


 The variant human Gu Immortals felt deep shock again.


 “I am not a traitor! Fang Yuan, you stole my Immortal Gu and accused me, what is your intention?!” Bing Zhuo was furious, he grabbed the air as a pair of ice spears formed in his hands, emanating with deep frost energy.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly and said with deep anger and sadness: “I am right! You guys heard correctly, look, my alliance agreement did not trigger, this Bing Zhuo is a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal in disguise! The real Bing Zhuo died long ago.”


 The other variant human Gu Immortals looked at each other, female immortal Xue Er was Fang Yuan’s fiancée, she asked: “Is there any misunderstanding? Lord Bing Zhuo has been with us all along.”


 “I am not a traitor! There has to be some misunderstanding, Lord Fang Yuan, you might have fallen for the enemy’s ploy. Quickly return my Immortal Gu.” Bing Zhuo said with a cold expression.


 But at the next moment, Xue Er’s body shook as she revealed great fear: “My, my Immortal Gu!”


 Bing Zhuo was covered in frost energy, great thief ghost hand could not approach him, but Xue Er was an easy target.


 “Fang Yuan!” Xue Er looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief.


 Bing Zhuo charged at Fang Yuan as he shouted in anger: “I knew you humans were all incorrigible!”


 Fang Yuan snickered: “Clown.”


 Saying so, yama children emerged from his emperor’s robe, dozens of them flew out towards Bing Zhuo and the other variant human Gu Immortals.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan exposed his ill intent, the variant human Gu Immortals no longer had any illusions, they charged at Fang Yuan after a temporary shock.


 But how could their strength match these yama children with rank seven battle strength?


 After the first clash, the variant human Gu Immortals’ formation was broken by the yama children, they were separated and forced into their respective desperate fights.


 Fang Yuan turned into emperor yama form and controlled the situation while he watched these variant human Gu Immortals fight the yama children.


 Yama children were useless against Feng Jiu Ge and the rest, but against the variant human Gu Immortals, they were sufficient.


 If not for Fang Yuan intentionally holding back, these rank six variant human Gu Immortals would have been killed by the yama children already.


 The only rank seven Gu Immortal Bing Zhuo was also in a tough fight, he could not escape.


 Great thief ghost hand!


 Great thief ghost hand!


 Great thief ghost hand!


 Fang Yuan used great thief ghost hand consecutively, stealing the Immortal Gu of these variant human Gu Immortals one by one.


 This was the reason why Fang Yuan held back, if he forced them too much, they would despair and destroy their Immortal Gu and resources, Fang Yuan would lose all his gains.


 But now that they had hope, these variant human Gu Immortals would resist till the end, only few were as resolute as Meng Tu in suiciding.


 Furthermore, the variant humans had been living in seclusion, they only sparred regularly, they had little experience with battles that involved life and death.


 As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan had already deciphered the thoughts of these variant humans, right now, even though his tactic was simple, it was incredibly effective.


 The variant human Gu Immortals had their Immortal Gu stolen, their battle strength fell drastically, they were becoming weaker.


 “Fang Yuan, I was wrong about you! How can you be so unscrupulous, you harmed your allies!” A rockman Gu Immortal shouted in anger and agony.


 Bing Zhuo smiled coldly: “Haven’t you realized? This guy has gotten rid of the alliance agreement already, he is not an ally, he is an enemy!”


 “Sigh, you speak too much crap.” Fang Yuan sighed lightly, making a yama child self-detonate.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Explosion!


 Bing Zhuo was a close combat specialist, the yama child was too close to him, he could not dodge, after getting hit, the explosion destroyed his corpse entirely.


 “Lord Bing Zhuo!” A sorrowful cry resounded.


 Xue Er almost fainted.


 Fang Yuan had a cold expression, he had almost stolen all of these Gu Immortals’ Immortal Gu, the rest were well guarded and great thief ghost hand could not get close to them. Fang Yuan had limited time, he did not want to drag this on, he started to kill them.


 Variant human Gu Immortals died one after another, only Xue Er was left eventually.


 “You demon, I will not let you off even as a ghost!” Xue Er had a distorted expression, saying her final words with deep hatred.


 At once, several yama children went up and tore her into pieces of shredded meat.


 As for her soul, it was preserved in yama battlefield, imprisoned by Fang Yuan along with the other variant human Gu Immortals’ souls.


 Soul search!


 Using his extremely proficient soul search method, Fang Yuan quickly grasped the details of the snowman and rockman tribes.


 Fang Yuan dispelled yama battlefield as he returned to the icy plain again.


 This slaughter took some time, but the process was not hindered by any external forces, there were no deductions or attacks on yama battlefield. This showed that the variant human Gu Immortals were the final batch of Gu Immortals left here.


 According to the soul search results, Fang Yuan went deep underground and found large numbers of rockman and snowman Gu Masters, and even more normal mortals.


 Fang Yuan forcefully moved them all into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 After a while, he excavated the treasury of these two tribes and moved them into his immortal aperture.


 The snowman tribe’s ice tear and the rockman tribe’s bumpy rice were specialty immortal materials of the two tribes. Other than that, there were normal immortal materials left behind from the Olden Antiquity Era and Remote Antiquity Era, they were all nearly nonexistent by now, unable to be found in treasure yellow heaven. Among them, there was face changing silver, this metal could mimic any beautiful woman and turn into their face.


 As for the immortal apertures of the dead variant human Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan sealed them temporarily, he did not want to land the apertures here.


 Rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Using this Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan left freely, leaving the empty crime scene behind. This paradise of the rockmen and snowmen had been destroyed completely.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan appeared in Southern Border.


 “Who?!” The two Gu Immortals in Southern Border shouted as Fang Yuan activated emperor yama.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he pointed.


 Soul explosion!


 Soul explosion!


 Soul explosion!


 Soul explosion!


 ...


 After five to six soul explosions, the two Southern Border Gu Immortals ran away in great fear. Who was this person, he was simply crazy! Attacking with a series of killer moves at once that were all at rank seven peak power!


 The two immortals left using the immortal Gu formation, Fang Yuan could do nothing about it.


 But soon, he destroyed this immortal Gu formation with brute force and destroyed the two Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu inside.


 Once the immortal formation was destroyed, the inside was exposed.


 Fang Yuan smiled, this flowing light was bright and dazzling, it was a dream realm!



***
Chapter 1585 - Fang Yuan’s Attainment Levels


***





 Chapter 1585: Fang Yuan’s Attainment Levels 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This dream realm was not very big.


 The reason why Fang Yuan could find it was because he had thrown this dream realm out personally.


 Back then, he disguised as Wu Yi Hai and entered the righteous path, secretly entering dream realms to raise his attainment level. When the battle started, Heavenly Court interfered and Purple Mountain True Monarch died, Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect and brought the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and escaped for his life.


 Along the way, he used the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to resist the strong enemies and managed to escape safely.


 But he used up all the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies in the process.


 This place was where Fang Yuan fought against Yi clan’s Gu Immortals, he detonated two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and forced back Yi clan’s Immortal Gu House Bay Pavilion.


 After the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies detonated, they formed into this dream realm. The Southern Border Gu Immortals were not going to let it go, after some contest, two clans won and created an immortal formation to develop using this dream realm.


 Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive here and sent the guarding Gu Immortals running before he destroyed the immortal formation.


 Even though using great thief ghost hand now could steal Gu worms, it could not target Immortal Gu specifically, with so many mortal Gu here, there was a big chance of great thief ghost hand stealing mortal Gu consecutively.


 To prevent the immortal formation from sending reinforcements or self-detonating, Fang Yuan decided to strike first and destroyed it.


 Even though Immortal Gu were unique, Fang Yuan did not really mind it now.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of Immortal Gu, after slaughtering the rockman and snowman Gu Immortals, he gained a lot of rank six and seven Immortal Gu, there was going to be a headache later on how to feed them.


 What Fang Yuan lacked were Immortal Gu that suited him, firstly, they had to be rank seven for him, rank six Immortal Gu were too low ranked now. And the path also had to be among the ones he was specialized in.


 With Fang Yuan’s refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, any Immortal Gu recipe could be turned into an immortal killer move, if he needed any specific Immortal Gu, he could use Immortal Gu to deduce recipes and use them instead. (Of course, the deduction’s difficulty would vary according to the specific situations. Even with the light of wisdom, some Immortal Gu recipes that needed decades or even centuries would be ignored by Fang Yuan in this case.)


 “Hmm, the dream realm has shrunk a little.” Fang Yuan noticed when he took a second look.


 The original dream realm was made of two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, it was slightly smaller now.


 “Because others explored it and consumed it...”


 Other Gu Immortals did not have Fang Yuan’s advanced methods, but they could still explore it for dream path Gu materials.


 But these materials could be harvested in their own dreams too. The true value of dream realms was the true meaning left behind by others, the Southern Border Gu Immortals were simply giving up the treasure for scraps. But they were happy to do this, the forces were busy gathering dream path Gu materials and buying them for high prices in treasure yellow heaven.”


 “If I remember correctly, these two dream realms are ice and snow path along with space path.”


 These dream realms originate from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was a great grandmaster in every path, his dream realms comprise all the different paths currently known.


 Fang Yuan had specially chosen these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. But because he was trying to escape, he gave up on them as they were not very useful to him.


 But that was in the past, right now, they were very useful.


 Fang Yuan needed space path attainment level, because he could design an immortal killer move for Fixed Immortal Travel so that the teleportation time was reduced.


 Fang Yuan needed ice and snow path attainment level even more. He had just killed many variant human Gu Immortals, the immortal apertures that the snowman Gu Immortals left behind were mostly ice and snow path, he needed attainment level to annex them.


 “Right now, among my paths, refinement path is the highest at quasi-supreme grandmaster.”


 “Followed by theft path at great grandmaster.”


 “The third group of strength path, wisdom path, star path, transformation path, blood path, dark path, formation path, and water path are all at grandmaster attainment level.”


 “The fourth group are luck path, soul path, enslavement path, and earth path at master attainment level.”


 “Below that are sword path, space path, time path, dream path, poison path, fire path, metal path, and others, they are all ordinary.”


 “And finally, information path, ice and snow path, qi path, light path, sound path, phantom path, rule path, and others, I have not been involved in them in both lives.”


 Among all his paths, Fang Yuan needed to raise time path the most!


 His time path attainment level was only ordinary, Fang Yuan had to become a grandmaster at the very least.


 “Heavenly Court is too big and strong, it had countless hibernating experts. Even now, with the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei leading them, with Chen Yi and the rest supporting her, they managed to invade Lang Ya blessed land without even Duke Long’s presence.”


 “If not for Long Hair Ancestor’s and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s agreement, so that Lang Ya blessed land could gain Longevity Heaven’s assistance, it would have fallen already.”


 Fang Yuan was not someone who did not know his limit, he knew clearly: even if he had reverse flow protection seal and emperor yama, or even if he deduced Luo Po seal, he was only counted as a rank eight Gu Immortal, against Heavenly Court, his strength as a single individual was useless.


 In his previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable led Shadow Sect and successfully defied heaven, mixing into Heavenly Court and concealing himself, becoming the mastermind that wreaked havoc in the five regions, secretly supporting Ma Hong Yun and Western Desert’s Tang clan, even causing the death of Feng Jiu Ge in Lang Ya blessed land and Feng Jin Huang’s death by Fang Yuan and the others, Shadow Sect was behind all these events, they had unfathomably deep influence.


 But now, heaven’s will used Fang Yuan as a pawn to rebirth and change the past, Shadow Sect lost the fight and Heavenly Court had the absolute advantage.


 Fang Yuan was using Shadow Sect’s inheritance to maintain his footing, but it was too difficult to deal with Heavenly Court. The loss of Lang Ya blessed land was a clear example.


 “My only hope of defeating Heavenly Court is to obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Using the power of Red Lotus’ true inheritance, I will resist Heavenly Court and destroy fate Gu!”


 “But to inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance, I will need to enter the River of Time. Heavenly Court must already have a huge force in there waiting for me!”


 Even now that Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were trapped in Lang Ya blessed land fighting against Longevity Heaven’s experts, Fang Yuan did not think of exploring the River of Time.


 How could Fairy Zi Wei leave out such a big flaw?


 The River of Time contained countless time path dao marks, even though the sovereign immortal body was not restricted, when Fang Yuan uses killer moves of any other path, it would be greatly weakened. Rank six immortal killer moves would become as weak as mortal killer moves.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan entered the River of Time to catch Heavenly Court off guard, because he had the immemorial year monkey, and because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had already taken over one of the stone lotus islands. Eventually, he used the stone lotus island to kill Lord Huang Shi, but in the process, he did not truly fight.


 And now, Fang Yuan wanted to find another true inheritance of Red Lotus, he wanted to find a new stone lotus island. The immemorial year monkey died in Lang Ya blessed land, while Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal, emperor yama and other killer moves were all weakened in there.


 “In the River of Time, the most suitable methods are time path killer moves!”


 “Even though I have Hei Fan’s true inheritance and Spectral Soul’s true inheritance has lots of time path details, the former lacks an offensive rank eight time path method, even though Years Flow Like Water is rank eight, its effect is to produce year Gu and create defensive killer moves. As for the latter, Spectral Soul’s true inheritance has many time path offensive methods, including rank eight, but I do not have the necessary time path Immortal Gu.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan wanted to obtain time path grandmaster attainment level and use the light of wisdom to deduce killer moves that he could use personally. With these methods, he would be able to resist Heavenly Court in the River of Time!


 Immortal killer move — Heaven’s Will Dissipation!


 While thinking, Fang Yuan multi-tasked and completed his killer move.


 A grey-white light appeared on his body.


 The grey-white light spread into the dream realm in front him as it spread their radiance everywhere, like ink entering clear water.


 Soon, the entire dream realm was covered by grey-white light specks.


 The multicolored eyes appeared from these specks.


 These eyes were very special, they changed colors with each blink.


 The number of multicolored eyes increased rapidly, after a few breaths of time, they went from tens to hundreds, and to thousands in a flash.


 The colored eyeballs blinked continuously, each time they blinked, it was an attack against heaven’s will.


 Eventually, the multicolored eyes fell in numbers until they vanished entirely.


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


 Fang Yuan used a second move as this dream realm condensed into two human figures, one was intact while the other was handicapped.


 Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and sent these two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies inside.


 Using Fixed Immortal Travel, he vanished in a few breaths of time, leaving behind an empty space.



***
Chapter 1586 - Snow Crystal Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies entered the sovereign immortal aperture and settled down in Mini Green Heaven.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had five regions and nine heavens, among all the nine heavens, Mini Green Heaven was the least developed. Thus, Fang Yuan used it as the storage area of dream realms.


 Shadow Sect’s members, Ying Wu Xie, Lady White Rabbit, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Miao Yin, and Bai Ning Bing were all cultivating in Mini Yellow Heaven.


 Lang Ya’s battle was too high end, everyone who participated had rank eight battle strength. Even the variant human Gu Immortals relied on the super immortal formation to fight, once it was destroyed, they could not fight anymore.


 In a crucial moment, Fang Yuan would possibly need the Shadow Sect members to use ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel, so they did not join that fight after all.


 As for Fang Yuan’s time path clone, he was at the most northern part of Mini Northern Plains.


 “Tch!”


 With a soft click, as the time path clone placed the final mortal Gu in, the Gu formation activated.


 This Gu formation had a huge range of a few dozen square kilometers of land, there were tens of thousands of mortal Gu used to create it from rank one to five, they were of all paths but most of the Gu worms were ice and snow path. The core was made of two ice path Immortal Gu, they were obtained from the snowman Gu Immortals, refined into Fang Yuan’s property.


 The cores of the Gu formation were three of the rank eight immortal material, ice path crystal essence!


 Each ice path crystal essence was large like a mountain peak.


 The entire crystal was ice-blue in color, it had crystallized texture, the surface had countless holes of varying sizes, a large amount of cold and icy air was spewing out of these holes unceasingly.


 If the frosty air was allowed to spread, the ice and snow path dao marks would also be carved in the surroundings, modifying the environment and creating a habitat suitable for snowmen and snow monsters to live in.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s plan earlier was to use an ice path crystal essence to create a snow monster production line and establish new sources of revenue.


 His original ice path crystal essence was obtained from his marriage with Xue Er. But earlier, he slaughtered the snowman tribe and obtained two more ice path crystal essences.


 “With these three ice path crystal essences, I can easily produce snow monsters.”


 “I will name this formation, snow crystal formation.”


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone observed for a while before nodding in satisfaction.


 Attainment level was shared between his clone and main body, Fang Yuan had formation path grandmaster attainment level, so did his clone.


 This was different from Shadow Sect, back then in order to deceive heaven, Spectral Soul made use of the fact that his split soul clones did not carry his full attainment level, so that almost all of them only focused on one path.


 Even if Shadow Sect’s members fought against Heavenly Court, they would not be found out as the Demon Venerable’s split soul. This was also why Shadow Sect was able to plant spies into Heavenly Court.


 As for Fang Yuan’s time path clone, it was easy to expose, but Fang Yuan did not need it to go outside and fight anyway. Fang Yuan’s motive was different from Spectral Soul, his time path clone was meant to make use of the light of wisdom.


 And to deduce matters in the light of wisdom, attainment level was needed. Fang Yuan made a wise choice between the two options.


 The snow crystal formation was created by time path clone, its main purpose was to emit the frost energy that would constantly alter the environment inch by inch.


 Of course, the formation also had the ability to monitor and control the area.


 “It is a pity I am a formation path grandmaster and not a great grandmaster. Grandmasters can mimic other paths while great grandmasters can use natural dao marks directly. If I am a great grandmaster, I will not need ice path Immortal Gu for this snow crystal formation, I can use these three ice path crystal essences directly.”


 This way, Fang Yuan would be able to free up these two ice path Immortal Gu for other uses.


 Of course, Fang Yuan did not lack Immortal Gu so that was not an issue. But normally speaking, Gu Immortals had very few Immortal Gu, if they used the Immortal Gu for formations, they would not be able to use them in other aspects. Thus, attainment level had an incredible effect — Gu Immortals could save use of Immortal Gu!


 After setting up the snow crystal formation, Fang Yuan’s time path clone flew away.


 Even though he was not a land spirit and could not teleport, he had Immortal Gu and could fly very quickly.


 After a while, the time path clone went past several hundred li as he looked down on the ground while concealing his figure.


 There was a group of moving snowmen on the ground.


 They were either mortals or Gu Masters, they were all captured by Fang Yuan from the northern icy plain, there were several thousand of them.


 Snowman slaves on the order of thousands in numbers were not rare in treasure yellow heaven, but the quality of this batch far exceeded the norm, because among these snowman slaves, Gu Masters were a high proportion. This was not normal, in treasure yellow heaven, this batch of snowmen could be exchanged for ten times the usual number of snowman slaves!


 These snowmen had left the place where they lived for a long time and entered the sovereign immortal aperture, they were very fearful and timid.


 At this moment, the group moved forward while conversing intensely.


 When Fang Yuan slaughtered the snowman and rockman Gu Immortals, it was inside the immortal battlefield, he kept it hidden. When he captured these snowmen, he disguised as a snowman Gu Immortal, so these slaves did not know the truth.


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone turned into Bing Zhuo and descended from the sky.


 Using Gu worms, he created a blizzard in the sky as snow descended slowly.


 “Ah! The immortal of our tribe!”


 “Quickly kneel down, kneel down and greet lord immortal!”


 “Welcome, great immortal Bing Zhuo.”


 The snowmen quickly knelt as they paid respects to Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was expressionless, saying: “The world is in chaos, but we are in paradise. The three mountains have immortal fog, the snow race has nothing to fear.”


 His voice was not loud but it was heard by everyone clearly.


 Whoosh.


 A gust of wind blew as the blizzard stopped, the snowmen raised their heads but only saw the empty sky, Bing Zhuo’s figure had faded with the wind.


 The snowmen were stunned, after realizing that Bing Zhuo had vanished, they got up with joy on their faces, they thought about his words.


 The snowman tribe leader thought and said to the elders: “Earlier, we came here due to the vague guidance of great immortal Bing Zhuo, he wanted us to come here. And now, he has shown up to tell us that there are three mountains ahead where we can live in peace?”


 After talking for a while, everyone agreed and set off, they were no longer hesitant, even though they brought the young and old with them, the speed was much faster than earlier.


 To create snow monsters, the snow crystal formation was not needed. Just the three ice path crystal essences were enough to show effect just by existing, it was a simple matter.


 But time path clone spent so much effort to create the snow crystal formation, he wanted to give these snowmen a place to live and grow.


 “With the snow crystal formation, the snow monsters and snowmen can live here without obstructing one another. But I cannot isolate them completely, I need them to interact and conflict with each other, so as to develop.”


 “The snow crystal formation’s maintenance is not a problem with food path methods, but the three ice path crystal essences are expendable, they will be used up eventually.” Time path clone flew as he thought.


 The frost energy that the ice path crystal essence emits contains the ice and snow path dao marks of the crystal itself, these dao marks would be carved in the surroundings for a while before dissipating, they would not increase sovereign immortal aperture’s total number of ice and snow path dao marks. But the environment it creates would suit the snow monsters and snowmen a lot.


 But it was too early for this problem, the three ice path crystal essences would only be depleted after a long time.


 After managing the snowmen, the time path clone went to Mini Southern Border and had the rockmen settle down.


 In the five mini regions, Mini Southern Border had the densest earth path dao marks, it was most suited for rockmen to live in.


 The process of settling down the rockmen was very simple, the time path clone used almost the same method as before.


 While the time path clone was managing the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s main body was at another end of Southern Border.


 This was a huge Earth Trench, it was deep and dark, even in broad daylight, it was covered in darkness.


 These dark shadows were dark path dao beasts — shadow monsters, this was Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 “Back then, I succeeded in learning ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel here, I used many Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to stop the righteous path pursuers. Hmm...”


 Fang Yuan observed and had a moved expression: “Southern Border’s righteous path built an immortal formation here too, and it is not weak at all.”


 “Who is it? This is an important place of Southern Border’s righteous path, any unauthorised lone immortal should leave before regretting it.” At this time, a Southern Border Gu Immortal’s voice resounded from the clouds, he was hidden within the immortal formation, not showing his true figure.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, killing intent surging in his eyes: “I want to see how you’ll make me regret it.”


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, he started to attack the immortal formation forcefully.



***
Chapter 1587 - Death by Ghost Hand


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom boom boom!


 With a chain of explosions, multicolored lights shone like fireworks. Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wisdom, strength, soul, poison, star, refinement... killer moves of many paths were used easily by Fang Yuan.


 Under such attacks, the figure of an immortal formation appeared. It was like a reinforced castle, white lights shielded it like a mountain, blocking all of Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 “Hahaha, colorful attacks with little power, your methods are too flashy, they cannot take down our formation!” Within the immortal Gu formation, Yang clan’s Gu Immortal Yang San Mu mocked loudly.


 Fang Yuan was currently in emperor yama form, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals could not tell who he truly was.


 “No, this person’s formation path attainment is not low, he is using all sorts of methods to probe our formation!” Chi Qiu’s expression changed as he said in a low tone.


 This immortal Gu formation was set up by Chi clan, Chi Qiu was tasked here to guard it, as a formation path cultivator, his words were seriously noted by the rest.


 Yang San Mu frowned immediately, asking Chi Qiu: “We are defending passively, do we let him continue testing his moves?”


 Chi Qiu shook his head: “Our formation has offensive methods too, when the Gu formation is destroyed to some extent, the attacks will be unleashed. Don’t look at me, I cannot command the Gu formation to retaliate, all of you know that this setup has its reason, I am sure there is no need for me to explain it?”


 The immortals looked at each other helplessly.


 The fundamental cause was Fang Yuan after all, he had once disguised as Wu Yi Hai and mixed into Southern Border’s righteous path, at the crucial moment, he controlled the immortal formation and left after gaining great benefits. Southern Border’s Gu Immortals lost a lot of face, they made changes after that battle. Chi clan’s immortal formations were no longer controlled by outsiders, they operated on their own, it was to prevent traitors like Fang Yuan from succeeding.


 Yang San Mu saw that Chi Qiu was without options, he turned to look at Xia clan’s Gu Immortal Xia Fan.


 Xia Fan was a wisdom path cultivator, seeing that Yang San Mu had turned to him, he shook his head and answered: “The other party has very powerful wisdom path defensive methods, I cannot deduce his origins, unless we can gain crucial information later.”


 Yang San Mu heard this and his expression sank.


 Next, he shouted at Fang Yuan: “Hahaha, scoundrel, why are you using so little strength, are you here to scratch my back?”


 Yang San Mu, Chi Qiu, and Xia Fan had rank seven cultivation level, they were also defended by the immortal formation, they did not fear the rank seven Gu Immortal Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snickered and ignored him, he continued to probe this formation from different angles.


 “This immortal formation is more complex and strong than I had expected!”


 Yang San Mu continued to provoke him, but Fang Yuan was completely immune to his words.


 Yang San Mu frowned: “He is just one rank seven Gu Immortal, while we have many people and the immortal formation. If we hide here and let him attack freely, wouldn’t we lose face in the righteous path? Will any Gu Immortal be willing to face this daring scoundrel, if you can kill him, it will be quite a good story.”


 Once he said that, nobody moved.


 Almost all Gu Immortals were not rash people, it might seem easy to deal with Fang Yuan who was alone, but that was the problem. Why would any ordinary rank seven Gu Immortal have the guts to attack this fortified immortal formation alone?


 The Southern Border immortals were thinking that an ambush was likely here, they were not going to take the risk.


 Yang San Mu could not get anyone to move, he was quite gloomy.


 He was the temporary leader among these people, if they avoided battle this time, news would spread and others would put the blame on him. Yang San Mu would lose the most reputation among them.


 “Right now, Southern Border’s earth veins are moving as immortal materials and Immortal Gu are being exposed constantly from the Earth Trenches, and yet I am here guarding a bunch of dream realms.”


 “I wanted to go around and leave this post. After paying a huge cost, I was about to succeed, but if I avoid battle this time, and allow this person to leave, the clan would have an excuse and evidence against me, I will never be able to relocate myself.”


 Thinking of this, Yang San Mu gritted his teeth: “The enemy is quite peculiar, as a righteous path member, I cannot let him off. Everyone, guard the formation, I will go fight him.”


 The Gu Immortals heard this and had varying expressions.


 Some urged him to be careful, some clapped and praised him for the bravery, some assured Yang San Mu that they would guard the formation and he could go in peace.


 Yang San Mu sneered in his heart, but showed an attitude of acting for a righteous cause, after saying some words that boosted his reputation, he left the formation to fight Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan saw him and was slightly surprised, before understanding Yang San Mu’s mentality immediately.


 Soul explosion!


 Fang Yuan pointed as an immortal killer move was used against Yang San Mu.


 Yang San Mu fought against Fang Yuan for some rounds, he could not take it much more, he panicked as he thought: “This person must cultivate soul path! Even though his attacks are simple, they were very powerful, and his defensive method is very profound, I am not his match and will lose sooner or later. I should retreat now while it has not turned ugly yet. I have found out about his background anyway, I can explain myself later.”


 But Fang Yuan’s battle experience was incredibly deep, after seeing that Yang San Mu had the intention to retreat, he quickly activated yama battlefield.


 Instantly, Yang San Mu’s vision changed, he was trapped inside yama battlefield with no way of escaping.


 Yang San Mu was shocked: “Immortal battlefield? How can this be! How can there be such a rapidly activated immortal battlefield in this world!!”


 He was shocked and panicked but he tried to stay calm: “Don’t fluster, this immortal battlefield was created so quickly, it must be deeply flawed. Maybe it is easy to deduce and break? I have other immortals on my side, they will have seen this immortal battlefield appear and surely help me get out of this.”


 Fang Yuan pointed as three yama children attacked Yang San Mu.


 Yang San Mu’s heart jumped, he fought as he retreated, trying to stall for time.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Suddenly, Yang San Mu’s body shook intensely, a look of shock was frozen on his face as his eyes almost popped out, he shouted: “My Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan successfully stole an Immortal Gu, he threw it into his immortal aperture without looking.


 Yang San Mu spat out a mouthful of blood, he was immediately in bad shape after suffering heavy injuries.


 It turned out that Fang Yuan stole the core of his movement killer move. With the loss of the Immortal Gu, the killer move failed and he suffered a backlash, the battle quickly went sour for him.


 “It seems my luck is much better than yours, I could not steal Feng Jiu Ge’s core Immortal Gu, but you?” Fang Yuan snickered.


 “Feng Jiu Ge? Who exactly are you?!”


 Great thief ghost hand!


 Fang Yuan succeeded again.


 Guh.


 Yang San Mu spat out blood again, his killer move’s activation failed, with this second backlash, he lost his life.


 Great thief ghost hand could actually kill people!



***
Chapter 1588 - Scheming Against Each Other


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “He actually died?” Fang Yuan saw this result and was slightly stunned.


 “It seems this Yang San Mu is really unlucky. He got the core Immortal Gu of his killer moves stolen by me twice in a row.” Fang Yuan had a plain expression as he shook his head.


 This effect was from their difference in luck.


 Earlier, he could not subdue Feng Jiu Ge because he was a Dao Guardian with similar luck as Fang Yuan. But Yang San Mu was a normal person, thus he died from great thief ghost hand.


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized that luck path and theft path were very powerful when combined together. Even though his luck path true inheritance was not complete and his theft path true inheritance was also incomplete, these inheritances originated from two venerables. It was a rare case in history to have inherited true inheritances of two venerables at once.


 Inside the immortal Gu formation, the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals saw that Yang San Mu was trapped in the immortal battlefield, they became quite nervous.


 Chi Qiu urged Xia Fan: “Quick, quick, quick, haven’t you deduced this immortal battlefield yet?”


 Xia Fan was deep in thought, seemingly not listening to anything.


 The other Gu Immortals were discussing with uncertainty.


 “What immortal battlefield did he use, it was set up so quickly, this is simply unprecedented.”


 “No wonder he has the guts to provoke us alone, he has quite the incredible move.”


 “It will all depend on Lord Xia Fan now.”


 Xia Fan heard their chatter, he rolled his eyes and thought to himself: “These people know nothing about wisdom path! Do they really think immortal battlefields are so easy to unravel and break?”


 Xia Fan could feel the difficulty, he thought to himself: “Oh Yang San Mu, I hope that you can last some time.”


 But as time passed, his pressure intensified.


 There was only one wisdom path Gu Immortal here, if he could not deduce it, no matter how many Southern Border Gu Immortals there were, they could not enter the immortal battlefield and help. If he failed, his personal reputation in terms of capability would suffer a hit, but that was nothing compared to the rumors that might spread, saying that he had the ability to do it but refused and watched Yang San Mu die, his reputation would go down the drain if that happened.


 But how could Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield be so easily deduced and broken?


 Fairy Zi Wei could do it because she was among the top three wisdom path great experts in the current world. But Xia Fan was not!


 “I cannot deduce it! This killer move’s foundation is too deep, it seems to have a terrifying origin!” After deducing for a while, Xia Fan was already full of sweat.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were still talking among themselves, Xia Fan felt increasing annoyed, he opened his eyes and anger showed in them: “Can you people shut up?”


 The immortals stopped talking.


 Chi Qiu coughed: “That’s right, be quiet, let’s not disturb Lord Xia Fan, I believe he will not disappoint us with his abilities!”


 Saying this, Xia Fan was forced into a corner!


 Xia Fan looked at Chi Qiu with a dark gaze while the latter had a supportive look, Xia Fan gritted his teeth in anger.


 But he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, with a shift of his thoughts, he smiled: “Everyone, calm down, you must have forgotten that Yang San Mu is most skilled in investigative methods. He went out to fight because he is very confident, he must have detected some information or truths that we do not know.”


 Xia Fan and Yang San Mu were not on good terms, they hated each other.


 But now, Xia Fan praised Yang San Mu and placed him on a high pedestal.


 Everyone was stunned before realizing.


 If it was like what Xia Fan said, Yang San Mu’s actions were simply too much! He had left them aside and went out to take all the credit for himself.


 Right now, Southern Border’s earth veins were moving and immortal materials as well as Immortal Gu were appearing everywhere, who would want to guard this place? Who would not want to go out and seek fortune?


 If Yang San Mu gained credit here, he would be redeployed and leave this place.


 Not only Yang San Mu, everyone else here desired to leave.


 Soon, the immortals started to change their words.


 They started to agree with Xia Fan.


 “Lord Xia Fan is right, Lord Yang San Mu’s investigative methods are renowned in Southern Border, who does not know that?”


 “That’s right, that’s right, I remember the time when he investigated the turbulence in black heaven clearly. After reporting to Yang clan, they moved out in advance and actually arrived at the accurate spot for the meteor rain. It is said that Yang clan obtained three hills worth of star path immortal materials from that.”


 “Lord Yang San Mu had even chased after the demonic path Gu Immortal Nian Wang Huai before, that guy was so vile and devious, staying hidden for a long time and evading Tie clan’s capture multiple times, but he eventually ended up in Lord Yang San Mu’s hands.”


 “In my opinion, Lord Yang San Mu must be very confident this time. We must trust his judgment, we cannot fluster. I also need to remind everyone, after Lord Yang San Mu wins this time, we need to place him in the sub formation and inspect him carefully. Remember the matter about Fang Yuan not too long ago.”


 Fang Yuan had used familiar face to disguise as Wu Yi Hai and was in the righteous path for a long time, he toyed around with the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals during the dream realm battle.


 The moment Southern Border’s Gu Immortals heard this name, they became extremely angry.


 “Hmph, Fang Yuan is a demonic path scoundrel who infiltrated the righteous path, one day, he will be punished!”


 “Demonic will never defeat righteousness, this is the rule of this world. The demon might be arrogant for now, but he will face retribution one day. Even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable got his soul captured after death by Heavenly Court, didn’t he?”


 “I want to kill this demon personally, sigh, it is a pity I could not join that fight.”


 Chi Qiu did not speak, he looked at Xia Fan with a deep gaze.


 Xia Fan shut his eyes as he started deducing again.


 Chi Qiu sighed internally: “As expected of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.”


 He had said that earlier to trap Xia Fan, but Xia Fan actually reversed the situation easily with a few words.


 Xia Fan hinted that Yang San Mu was greedy for credit and did not want to share it with the rest. All of the Gu Immortals here were savvy people, they soon understood what Xia Fan was trying to say.


 He meant: if that was not the case, and Yang San Mu was instead stupid and entered the enemy’s trap, what would they do? If he died inside the formation, everyone would be implicated, they would be labeled as being ‘vicious people who watched their comrade die in battle while they cowardly hid inside the formation’, right?


 Thus, these immortals had to praise Yang San Mu to the sky. Xia Fan used their mentality to easily get past Chi Qiu’s attack.


 But Xia Fan’s mood was bad now: “This immortal battlefield cannot be unraveled by me alone. Damn it! We need to seek help, but before that, I need to make some credit, I cannot be so useless. Hmm?!”


 At this time, yama battlefield disappeared as Fang Yuan reappeared, Yang San Mu had vanished from sight.


 “This, this, this!”


 “What happened?”


 The Southern Border immortals drew in a sharp breath, the rank seven Xia Fan and Chi Qiu had changes in expressions.


 The situation was clear, only the enemy was left now, Yang San Mu was likely to be gone.


 But why was it so quick?


 Yang San Mu was a skillful person at the very least, he had ample battle strength, how could he die so easily?


 The enemy’s immortal battlefield had a dense soul path aura, without any time path aura. There was no time difference inside it.


 Thus, the biggest possibility was that this mysterious demonic path rank seven Gu Immortal’s battle strength dominated Yang San Mu! But was that possible? Or rather, he must have used some peculiar and uncommon method. right?


 The Southern Border immortals were shocked and found this unbelievable.


 Fang Yuan looked at the formation as his gaze flickered in cold light.


 Originally, he wanted to disguise as Yang San Mu and dispel yama battlefield, getting into the formation by disguise. But after soul searching him, he found out Southern Border’s arrangements and gave up on that plan.


 Southern Border’s righteous path had deep foundations, looking down on them would be stupid. Familiar face was already exposed, it was impossible to replicate ‘Wu Yi Hai’s’ success again.


 Even though this killer move came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, in the world of Gu cultivation, there had never been invincible killer moves. After such a long time, the era had advanced greatly.


 Of course, Southern Border’s righteous path might not be able to easily produce Immortal Gu or killer moves that could see through familiar face, but they had other methods to decipher the identity of Gu Immortals.


 Especially with Heavenly Court’s guidance, Southern Border’s righteous path had many ways of ascertaining identities, the process was strict and had many procedures. Especially when they had soul lantern Gu and other identity type Gu, it was hard for Fang Yuan to disguise himself even with familiar face.


 “Demonic scoundrel, what did you do to Lord Yang San Mu?”


 “Quickly release Lord Yang San Mu!”


 “Lord Yang San Mu might have already escaped that immortal battlefield using some method that he had.”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals spoke, some were still carrying illusions in their minds.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned increasingly cold.


 “This immortal formation was set by Chi Qu You personally, if I try to deduce it step by step, there will not be enough time. I can only force my way through now, let’s see how tough this formation is!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan dispelled emperor yama, used ancient sword dragon transformation and activated reverse flow protection seal.


 Next, he used immortal killer move myriad dragon, causing a sea of ferocious dragons to charge at the formation.


 This killer move was currently Fang Yuan’s trademark, upon seeing this, if any Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal could not tell it was Fang Yuan, they were just purposely acting unaware!


 “Ah! This person is Fang Yuan!”


 “Oh heavens, that demon is here!”


 “He is here again, he is simply too daring, he is acting so freely, he is truly looking down on the righteous path of Southern Border!”


 The Gu Immortals screamed one after another, unable to conceal the shock on their faces.


 Other than shock, there was also fear that they tried hard to hide.



***
Chapter 1589 - Attacking Forcefully


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had to conceal and hide himself in the past, but now against the immortals of Southern Border’s righteous path, he did not need to anymore.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance was very shocking to the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals now!


 In the past, Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai and obtained great benefits in the battle of the dream realm, becoming the leader of Shadow Sect, eventually he was chased down by Southern Border’s righteous path, but he was able to escape.


 Heavenly Court’s pursuit could not do anything to Fang Yuan.


 Months ago, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in Southern Border and killed two Gu Immortals from Hou clan and Shang clan, if not for Paradise Earth’s inheritor, even Tie Mian Shen would have died.


 Afterwards, Heavenly Court sent out the rank eight Gu Immortal expert Thunder Ghost True Monarch, the process of the battle was unknown but Fang Yuan managed to take away three of her rib bones, the scene of her getting beaten up was displayed in treasure yellow heaven. Instantly, the world was shaken, Fang Yuan’s reputation completely suppressed Feng Jiu Ge as the number one rank seven expert! Most Gu Immortals realized that even though Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, he was a unique individual on par with and should be treated as a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan was an otherworldly demon who was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada, he was vicious and devious, many people despised his nonexistent bottom line, even as a Gu Immortal, he attacked mortals.


 And now, Fang Yuan was the most dazzling and rapidly rising demonic path overlord!


 Such a person had shown up, Southern Border’s righteous path immortals were naturally surprised, shocked, and panicking.


 “Lord Yang San Mu had sacrificed himself heroically, our Southern Border’s righteous path and this vicious Fang Yuan have yet another debt of hatred! One day, we will make him pay the price!” Xia Fan patted his chest as he said in sadness.


 The immortals were silent, nobody held any illusions anymore. Fang Yuan’s appearance made them feel intense lingering fear and also a sense of pity for Yang San Mu — why was he so unlucky as to face the great demon Fang Yuan? He could have stayed in the formation but he chose to go out, wasn’t he courting death?


 But silence did not last long, someone shouted immediately: “This Fang Yuan is as vicious as ever, he lured Lord Yang San Mu out, thankfully, we were led by lords Xia Fan and Chi Qiu, under their leadership, we managed to hold our ground and did not give this scoundrel a chance to sneak in.”


 The immortals all had varying expressions, someone wanted to speak when suddenly, the world shook, the entire immortal formation started trembling intensely.


 Outside the immortal formation, countless silver scales filled the sky. Myriad dragons flew and charged at the white formation.


 The Southern Border immortals’ expressions also turned pale from the reflection of the silver scales’ light.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move myriad dragon was like a tsunami, even though they were protected by the immortal formation, they felt extremely small and weak.


 Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon did not get much more powerful than before, but with myriad self Immortal Gu, it was far easier to use myriad dragon now. When activating it, the steps were fewer and the success rate was higher, the time it took Fang Yuan to use myriad dragon once or twice before was enough to unleash it five to six times now!


 Fang Yuan continued to use myriad dragon, countless ancient sword dragons charged at the formation, causing the formation to explode with greater force.


 Pure white light ripples spread like waves or the contours of mountains, blocking the attack of the myriad dragons.


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan observed carefully, even though the immortal formation was shaking, its roots were not shaken, as he increased the power of his attacks, so did the defensive power of the immortal formation.


 “We have the Gu formation, we should last for some time.” A Southern Border Gu Immortal said in uncertainty as he looked at Chi Qiu.


 Chi Qiu’s gaze was flickering intensely, currently, the immortal formation was keeping them safe, but!


 The other party was not ordinary, he was Fang Yuan!


 The demonic path overlord that Heavenly Court could not deal with even after pursuing him for so long!


 “Everyone, seek help from your clans, tell them Fang Yuan is here, quick! Do you think this formation can block such a person?” Chi Qiu sighed.


 The immortals saw that Chi Qiu was very anxious, they did not wait but started to seek reinforcements.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan did not state his identity, he was just a rank seven Gu Immortal, how could the Southern Border Gu Immortals ask for help? They only reported this battle normally.


 But now that Fang Yuan exposed his identity, these Gu Immortals started to ask for help openly and loudly.


 Roar...


 The dragons roared as Fang Yuan attacked, the immortal formation blocked him with all its strength, it was also increasing in power.


 “Block him, even if we die, we must block him!”


 “The western part of the formation is broken, quickly repair it.”


 “I don’t have enough immortal essence, who will replace me?”


 The Southern Border immortals blocked him desperately, due to the strong pressure from Fang Yuan, these immortals stopped scheming against each other, they were truly united.


 Chi Qiu tried to fix the Gu formation while Xia Fan spat out blood multiple times, in order to try and deduce the flaws of myriad dragon, he had given it his all.


 They were rank seven Gu Immortals but they were like this, the rank six Gu Immortals were in far worse conditions.


 Outside the immortal formation, Fang Yuan crossed his arms as he watched quietly, he was calm as a breeze.


 After having myriad self Immortal Gu, the killer move myriad dragon was much more usable, it was no longer his strongest method, it was a killer move that could be used conventionally and regularly.


 Fang Yuan’s strongest method was now an immemorial yama child’s soul explosion. But he did not have any immemorial soul beasts to modify now. He had already used both immemorial yama children, one to kill Feng Jiu Ge and the other to kill Lang Ya land spirit, but neither succeeded.


 As for an ancient yama child’s soul explosion, it was similar in power to myriad dragon, but it was amplified by yama battlefield and would be slightly stronger.


 Thus, Fang Yuan used this method to attack the immortal formation.


 Intense winds blew, Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking at the dragons attacking this formation.


 His demonic might was already developed, right now, he singlehandedly suppressed Southern Border’s Gu Immortals, they were busy defending against his barrage of attacks.


 However, Fang Yuan frowned lightly.


 It was taking quite a while. Fang Yuan needed some more time to break this immortal formation.


 Fang Yuan still had three methods left, but reverse flow protection seal could not be used against the immortal formation. This formation got stronger as the attacks targeted at it got stronger, reverse flow protection seal could not reflect anything.


 Lead soul into dream had failed against Heavenly Court once before, measures had been taken against it when they fought Lord Huang Shi. Lead soul into dream needed to sense the target’s soul, but these Southern Border Gu Immortals were hidden in the formation, Fang Yuan could not sense them.


 As for great thief ghost hand, it could not be used, the immortal formation was hidden behind the white light in multiple layers, great thief ghost hand was unable to get close.


 “Lord Chi Qu You!” At this time, inside the immortal formation, Southern Border’s immortals received a surge of morale.


 The reason was simple, Chi clan’s first supreme elder, rank eight formation path Gu Immortal Chi Qu You, had arrived in secret.


 “To think that this immortal formation had this hidden pathway in it, allowing a rank eight existence tens of thousands of li away to teleport here! The clan truly put in a lot of effort into this.” Chi Qiu praised in his mind.


 This hidden pathway was left by Chi Qu You just in case a situation like the dream realm battle occurred again. In that situation, Chi clan, which had access to the hidden pathway, would have a huge advantage.


 And now, Fang Yuan suddenly attacked, Chi Qu You thought about it and decided to expose this hidden trump card.


 “Continue controlling the immortal formation, act like you cannot last long, I will make an arrangement to lure this demon into my trap.” Chi Qu You smiled.


 Fang Yuan had lots of treasures on him and was a demonic path overlord, Heavenly Court had a huge headache against him. If Chi Qu You could use formation path to capture Fang Yuan or kill him, not only could he gain a lot of loot, he could also raise his reputation to the limit, he could also use this matter to raise Chi clan’s ranking in the Southern Border righteous path by several levels.


 Even though Fang Yuan had great achievements, Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster and had rank eight cultivation level, he was extremely confident in his formation path attainment,after learning about this, he came here to take Fang Yuan’s life. Any other rank eight Gu Immortal who did not cultivate formation path would not have Chi Qu You’s advantage and ease.


 With Chi Qu You as the mastermind, Southern Border’s immortals had a huge surge of confidence, they started to contest with Fang Yuan patiently.


 Chi Qu You had formation path Immortal Gu, his methods were very quickly set up, he soon created a formation inside the immortal formation. This was Chi Qu You’s expertise to begin with.


 But when he was about to succeed, Fang Yuan suddenly stopped and left the battlefield using Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “Did he sense me?” Chi Qu You frowned, but he thought about how he vigilantly created the Gu formation, he did not expose anything. The chance of that was low, so why did Fang Yuan retreat?


 “This is contact heart river bank?” Jade light flickered as Fang Yuan appeared in the sky.


 He looked down, the surrounding hundreds of li were covered in mountains, only the land below him was flat with fog in it, it could not be seen clearly.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, using myriad dragon killer move again.


 Myriad dragons attacked as the fog rose, clashing with each other.


 But soon, the fog could not stand up to Fang Yuan’s attacks and faded, exposing the true terrain.


 A shallow deep blue lake surrounded by silent verdant mountains. Around the lake were pure white round rocks, they stacked at the river bank.


 On the river bank, there were a large number of wisdom path contact heart Gu, there was also the obvious aura left behind by some Chi clan rank six Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan did not chase them, he looked at contact heart river bank and grabbed, starting his plunder!


 Information that contact heart river bank had been robbed soon got to Chi Qu You, this was Chi clan’s resource point, even though there was a Gu formation, the defense was not as strong, Fang Yuan easily took it over.



***
Chapter 1590 - Cloud Bamboo Mountain Range


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Come.” Fang Yuan floated in the air as he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 A large number of wild contact heart Gu were drawn by a gentle force, gathering in the air like a beautiful colored cloud, entering Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 The process lasted for several minutes.


 Fang Yuan estimated: “More than three thousand are rank five contact heart Gu, fifty thousand are rank four, and over a million are rank three and below.”


 Contact heart Gu resembled colored yuhua stones, they had different colors and shapes according to their rank. It was a wisdom path Gu worm that could steal the opponent’s concentration and make them enter a daze, losing the ability to perceive and think. If combined with other relevant Gu worms, it could form killer moves. Contact heart Gu had a lot of value in combat, the most usual method was to supplement it with enslavement path methods to enhance the enslavement ability. Of course, wisdom path Gu Masters used it too, but wisdom path was a rare and mysterious path.


 Gu Masters face difficulty in raising Gu, most of them had less than ten Gu at once. But for Gu Immortals, they could get tens of thousands of mortal Gu easily, only Immortal Gu were hard to get.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was simply a rare exception.


 “Contact heart river bank is a mid-sized resource point, I attacked and destroyed the Gu formation here, while the defending Gu Immortal escaped for their life without destroying the contact heart Gu, this was why I could obtain this wealth.”


 If the defending Gu Immortal took away or destroyed the contact heart Gu before leaving, Fang Yuan’s gains would be greatly reduced.


 That Gu Immortal must have exerted all their effort to block Fang Yuan, they could not distract themselves by storing the contact heart Gu. When they left, they either had no method or lacked the resolve to destroy this place.


 After storing the contact heart Gu, Fang Yuan’s gaze returned to the river bank.


 Rank six strength path Immortal Gu — Pulling Water.


 He activated this Immortal Gu, the river water was pulled up like silk by a formless force, before being moved into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 This contact heart river bank was a special area filled with wisdom path dao marks, there were earth path, water path, wood path, and other dao marks as foundation, but they paled in quantity compared to wisdom path.


 Fang Yuan took away the water, but the dense wisdom path dao marks still remained here.


 “It is a pity that most of the wisdom path dao marks are on this land.” Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 There was no helping it.


 Even though he had pulling mountain Immortal Gu, it was targeted at mountains, not land.


 “I’ll bring the rocks with me.” Contact heart river bank’s rocks were filled with wisdom path dao marks too, they were excellent materials. Fang Yuan brought them along.


 He took everything that he could take.


 A moment later, he used rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel to leave this place, leaving behind a ransacked resource point.


 Fang Yuan was currently being pursued, he could not stay at a place for long. Otherwise, his enemies would be able to encircle and plot against him.


 Thus, when he attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench earlier and was blocked by the formation, he retreated wisely, it was not because he found out about Chi Qu You’s scheme.


 Fang Yuan focused his mind as he used Fixed Immortal Travel, crossing an enormous distance, arriving above a mountain.


 This mountain range was majestic and huge with curved contours. There were no trees on it, only bamboos. These bamboos were very thick and each were the size of giant trees. The leaves of the bamboo were triangular with a long base and sharp tip, the tips were thin and sharp but tough, many mortals would pluck these leaves and tie them to wooden rods to create wooden spears. This was also why this bamboo was called spear tip bamboo.


 The spear tip bamboo forest was huge and covered the entire mountain range. There were many lifeforms living in the bamboo forest, it was filled with vitality. Most had cloud path dao marks, the highest quantity group was the cloud fox. This fox had snow white skin and could float in the air temporarily. Right now, Fang Yuan could see a group of cloud foxes floating around in the bamboo forest, playing with each other happily, it was a serene sight.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone: “This is cloud bamboo mountain range, a large resource point under Chi clan’s control.”


 The super forces of the five regions controlled resource points, classified into five groups, mini, small, middle, large, and giant.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonfish sea area in sovereign immortal aperture was a giant resource point, it could produce copper, iron, silver, and gold dragonfish. It was Fang Yuan’s most important source of revenue now.


 “Oh, oh no, the demon Fang Yuan is here!”


 “Plunder Shadow Earth Trench was attacked, contact heart river bank was taken by him, to think that he would come to cloud bamboo mountain range at this crucial moment. Sigh.”


 The two Chi clan rank six Gu Immortals defending the place saw Fang Yuan and were flustered.


 Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive here, there was a huge disturbance as Fang Yuan did not conceal himself, Chi clan’s two Gu Immortals immediately noticed it.


 The two Gu Immortals were currently deep within the mountain range, there was a huge spear tip bamboo in front of them, it was over twenty meters tall, the bamboo was so large that even ten grown men could not surround it with their arms.


 And inside this giant bamboo, an Immortal Gu was being nurtured.


 Indeed, a wild Immortal Gu was about to form here!


 Chi clan’s two Gu Immortals were putting their focus here while defending cloud bamboo mountain range, Immortal Gu were unique, this wood path Immortal Gu that was about to form was the most important thing in cloud bamboo mountain range.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan waved his sleeves, sending out sparks and smoke. The two Chi clan Gu Immortals sighed together, activating the Gu formation to block Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 Chi clan was most skilled at formation path, while Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster who could use natural dao marks and mortal Gu to create immortal formations.


 Thus, Chi clan’s resource points all had immortal formations, and these resource points had something in similar, they were all dense with dao marks!


 As Fang Yuan attacked, jade green light appeared on cloud bamboo mountain range that blocked Fang Yuan’s attacks. Countless spear tip bamboos started shaking as leaves shot out with intense winds, it was like a tornado of countless spears that shot at Fang Yuan with great intensity.


 “This immortal formation is not only larger than the one at contact heart river bank, it can even retaliate.” Fang Yuan smiled, using reverse flow protection seal.


 The bamboo leaves landed on his body and were all sent back to attack the immortal formation without question.


 “This is reverse flow protection seal! Quick, quick, stop the retaliation method.” The two rank six Gu Immortals panicked before encouraging each other: “The Immortal Gu is about to form, it is a few minutes away from completion, we need to wait for the clan’s reinforcements.”


 The immortal formation was manipulated by them and stopped attacking, it focused on defense.


 Fang Yuan could not reverse its attacks anymore but he smiled nonchalantly, dispelling reverse flow protection seal.


 He activated myriad dragon killer move again, sending a barrage of attacks at the immortal formation.


 The immortal formation shook intensely, the two rank six Gu Immortals were sweating profusely, gritting their teeth as they spat out blood, defending themselves desperately.


 After a while, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance as he found a flaw of this formation.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was at grandmaster after all!


 He noticed this flaw and started attacking it.


 After a while, cloud bamboo mountain range’s immortal formation exploded intensely as a portion of the green light covering the mountain range dissipated suddenly.


 “Oh no, he destroyed a portion of the immortal formation!”


 “Hang on, reinforcements are coming.”


 The two Chi clan rank sixes were greatly shocked.


 Fang Yuan sent out attacks again, creating explosions on the defenseless cloud bamboo mountains.


 Yama child soul explosion!


 He found that soul explosion was more suited for destroying the immortal formation, he used it without hesitation.


 The start was the most difficult, after creating a hole in the cloud bamboo immortal formation, the difficulty reduced drastically, Fang Yuan made good use of the weakness.


 The two Chi clan Gu Immortals’ dreams did not come true.


 Fang Yuan’s dismantling speed became faster and faster, he destroyed more and more of the formation until he reached the Chi clan Gu Immortals.


 “It’s too late, let’s retreat!”


 “What about the Immortal Gu? We are only a few minutes away from its creation.”


 “Leave, we will lose our lives if we stay.”


 The other Gu Immortal jolted into realization as he wiped his sweat: “You’re right, we’ll leave! What about the Immortal Gu?”


 The Gu Immortal companion struggled for a moment before gritting his teeth: “Destroy it!”



***
Chapter 1591 - Plunder and Development


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan waved his sleeves, black smoke spread out to the surroundings, he had used soul explosion.


 This was a rank seven peak method, it immediately destroyed the core of the immortal formation on cloud bamboo mountain range that Chi clan had created with ease.


 Rumble!


 There was another explosion as the formation’s core broke apart, the other areas of the immortal formation also collapsed.


 At this point, the entire mountain range’s formation was destroyed.


 “They left after all.” Looking at the empty place, Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark and unsurprised at all.


 His attack on the formation earlier was met with great resistance that was quite skillful. But later on, Fang Yuan noticed that the immortal formation was getting more slow in reacting to his actions.


 Immortal formations and Immortal Gu Houses needed people to manipulate them. Even wills or formation spirits left behind could not replace the use of a Gu Immortal.


 “Oh? An Immortal Gu was destroyed here?” Fang Yuan soon noticed a special aura. He confirmed quickly that there was an incomplete Immortal Gu here, Chi clan’s Gu Immortals had destroyed it before leaving.


 Fang Yuan sighed in pity, but he admired their resolution. He would have done the same thing.


 There was nothing valuable at the core area, Fang Yuan flew into the sky and started to ransack cloud bamboo mountain range.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range had a large number of cloud path lifeforms.


 Like the cloud fox.


 Fang Yuan used an enslavement path method as orange-yellow light burst out of his bodys, shrouding all the surroundings.


 Within the light, cloud foxes and other lifeforms struggled intensely, they had a painful expression as they growled. But soon, their resistance weakened as they stopped moving, they stayed on the spot as they became Fang Yuan’s enslaved beasts.


 Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture door as these lifeforms gathered and went into sovereign immortal aperture like a flowing river.


 Fang Yuan continued his actions as a large number of lifeforms entered his immortal aperture.


 Suddenly, there was a sudden sound as two desolate beast cloud foxes emerged, running towards the outside of the mountain in a panic.


 “Come back!” Fang Yuan laughed, flying as he chased them, using his enslavement path killer move to make these two desolate beast cloud foxes sprawl and admit him as their master.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range was a huge large sized resource point, it was filled with dense dao marks, it was normal for desolate beasts and plants to grow here, even ancient desolate beasts could grow. Immortal Gu were rarer, there was one but it was destroyed before it could form.


 After Fang Yuan finished his exploration, he obtained seven desolate beast cloud foxes, a total of eleven desolate plants of three species, cloud qi root, white hair root, and spear tip bamboo. The thing that made Fang Yuan the happiest was the quantity of a rank seven immortal material, cloud soil, it was huge.


 However, he did not see any ancient desolate beasts or ancient desolate plants.


 “The Gu Immortals guarding this place must have brought them away, or maybe they never existed.”


 According to the laws of nature, there was a possibility of ancient desolate beasts or plants appearing here. But this place was governed by Chi clan for countless years, they were skilled at formation path but lacked enslavement path expertise. They would not allow an uncontrollable ancient desolate beast that could rival rank seven Gu Immortals to stay in their territory..


 Fang Yuan did not mind it, he continued to search the entire mountain for spear tip bamboos.


 These spear tip bamboos were ordinary Gu materials, the desolate plant spear tip bamboos had already been completely taken by Fang Yuan.


 But it was quite troublesome now.


 Fang Yuan had rich enslavement path methods but he could not use many wood path methods due to his lack of wood path Immortal Gu.


 “I need an appropriate wood path method to relocate these spear tip bamboos.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 If he wanted to move these spear tip bamboos, he would need delicate wood path methods. Methods of other paths would carve different dao marks on these bamboos, even temporary ones would damage the spear tip bamboos and reduce their quality.


 Actually, Spectral Soul’s true inheritance had lots of wood path methods, but Fang Yuan did not have the necessary wood path Immortal Gu.


 Thus, he could only use mortal methods to take these spear tip bamboos.


 But this lowered his efficiency greatly, far worse than immortal killer moves. And this cloud bamboo mountain range was huge, the amount of spear tip bamboos that Fang Yuan had taken were still very insignificant.


 “A pity that pulling mountain Immortal Gu is only rank six, even though it can pull mountains, it cannot move the entire mountain range.”


 In the past, Fang Yuan had pulled up Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, but it was because these two secluded domains of heaven and earth was modified by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable using the killer move orderly well.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range did not have such a treatment.


 Of course, Fang Yuan could smash the mountain range but the results from that would not be under his control.


 Trees had tree roots, mountains had mountain roots, unless he had an appropriate earth path method, he could not preserve these mountain roots.


 “What? Fang Yuan is attacking cloud bamboo mountain range!” Chi Qu You’s frowned deeply, he had a grim expression.


 He was the first supreme elder of Chi clan, information had gotten to him at the very first moment.


 The contact heart river bank earlier was a middle sized resource point, the losses were not too big. But cloud bamboo mountain range was a large resource point!


 “In the past, our clan paid a hefty price to invite an earth path great expert to move the mountain veins and develop cloud bamboo mountain range, only forming scale similar to today after a hundred years. To think that it would be targeted now.”


 Chi clan was a super force, it had many large resource points, but cloud bamboo mountain range was quite a unique one.


 Back when Chi clan was still in its infancy period, Chi clan’s ancestors had scrimped and saved when they were weak to slowly develop it.


 In Chi clan’s history, this cloud bamboo mountain range provided Chi clan a steady source of income over time and did not disappoint its initial creators.


 After generations of hard work, the clan got stronger and its territory expanded continuously. Even though they had many large resource points now, and cloud bamboo mountain range became less important, it was never neglected, it was always guarded by two Gu Immortals.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range was not just a resource point, it was a form of mental encouragement to Chi clan’s members.


 “Forget about other large resource points, but cloud bamboo mountain range cannot be destroyed. Mobilize the Immortal Gu House, find Fang Yuan and take back cloud bamboo mountain range!” Chi Qu You thought about it for a moment before ordering with a firm tone.


 “What about you, first supreme elder?” Chi clan’s Gu Immortal asked.


 Chi Qu You snorted: “Fang Yuan seems to know that I am here, his true motive is to take the dream realms here! I will stay guard here, he will definitely come again. Of course, you all must put up a facade that I am going to find him personally.”


 Thus, Chi clan moved its Immortal Gu House and went to cloud bamboo mountain range.


 Fang Yuan had not left yet, he was still collecting spear tip bamboos. This bamboo had very deep roots of fifty to sixty feet, specific methods were needed to relocate them into his immortal aperture without any damage.


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals saw Fang Yuan and hesitated, this was cloud bamboo mountain range, if they fought against Fang Yuan here without any immortal formation’s protection, cloud bamboo mountain range might get destroyed.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Fang Yuan was already prepared, his great thief ghost hand had been lurking for a while, it directly targeted Chi clan’s Immortal Gu House.


 Inside sovereign immortal aperture.


 At the north-most end of Mini Northern Plains, snow was falling as frost energy permeated.


 The snowmen had traveled for a long time, they finally arrived at their destination.


 The cold weather made the snowmen reveal smiles of joy.


 “This is a good place for us to live.”


 “This place is so huge, we will not have to crowd around like before.”


 “Thanks to great immortal Bing Zhuo’s guidance. Sob sob sob...”


 Some elderly snowmen were already kneeling on the ground, sobbing profusely.


 “Quickly look!” Someone shouted.


 The snowmen raised their heads and saw a scene they would never forget. The huge blizzard suddenly stopped as three huge crystal mountains appeared from within the fog. Gu Immortal ‘Bing Zhuo’ floated in the air as he nodded at them, before the fog gathered and concealed the three mountains again.


 “It’s great immortal Bing Zhuo!”


 “This is the home that great immortal has guided us to — Triple Sacred Mountain.”


 “It seems that the immortals of our tribe live on Triple Sacred Mountain!”


 The snowmen were very excited, they knelt down and prayed towards the direction of Triple Sacred Mountain.


 They did not know that ‘great immortal Bing Zhuo’ concealed by the fog turned back into a stranger, he was Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 “Food, environment, and plants, they are all set up already, even though the environment is plain, it is enough for them to live.”


 “At this point, the snowman relocation is finally completed.”


 The time path clone nodded lightly as he controlled the snow crystal formation, looking at another area.


 Over there, a group of snow monsters emerged from the snow, looking around curiously as they moved around.


 “Not bad, under the effect of the snow crystal formation, snow monsters are forming too. This snow monster production line is starting to work. In time, it will bring me huge profits.”


 After leaving Mini Northern Plains, the time path clone arrived at Mini Central Continent.


 Not long ago, he had set up a river bank here, he directly copied the name of contact heart river bank.


 On the river bank, there were countless white round rocks of varying sizes.


 There was a river with flowing water, contact heart Gu lived inside it.


 Fang Yuan obtained a large number of contact heart Gu, he sold most of them in treasure yellow heaven. The remaining river water, rocks, and a small number of contact heart Gu were left as seeds. In time, he could develop this into a source of revenue too.


 The time path clone flew again, towards the southeast of contact heart river bank, he only stopped after a while.


 It was a barren land without any lifeforms.


 Time path clone started to plant spear tip bamboos here while releasing the cloud foxes and other beasts.


 There was no mountain range here, but Fang Yuan planned to start building a cloud bamboo forest here.



***
Chapter 1592 - Number Nine in the World, Great Space Temple


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan broke into cloud bamboo mountain range and scavenged it, but he knew about the significance of this resource point, he was ready for Chi clan’s counterattack.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 His great thief ghost hand that had been lurking for a while directly targeted Chi clan’s Immortal Gu House.


 The Chi clan Gu Immortals in the Immortal Gu House were shocked.


 But immediately, the Immortal Gu House’s surface shined with a dazzling golden light, the surface of the Immortal Gu House had ripples that formed into a spiral, absorbing great thief ghost hand into it.


 At the next moment, the spiral vanished without a trace, Fang Yuan grunted as he lost his connection to great thief ghost hand.


 Bright light shined in his eyes for a moment: “As expected of one of the top ten Immortal Gu Houses, Great Space Temple!”


 Chi clan had two Immortal Gu Houses, they were both extraordinary, Great Space Temple was the stronger one, able to resist rank eight Gu Immortals!


 From the outside, it looked like it was made of marble, it was pure white and round, there were golden accents on it, it radiated with sunlight and was extremely grand, giving people a feeling of warmth and hope.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, all the different forces competed with each other as the world went into chaos, Immortal Gu Houses were mobilized often and fought against each other. With ample battles, people started to learn of the strength of different Immortal Gu Houses, they were able to create a ranking list for the Immortal Gu Houses.


 Chi clan’s Great Space Temple was ranked ninth on this list, it was not simple.


 It had one move called moving space domain, it could trap rank eight Gu Immortals. When Heavenly Court attacked Southern Border, this Immortal Gu House trapped four rank sevens and two rank eights, it had an extremely incredible use in that battle.


 “I’m afraid that great thief ghost hand is trapped inside moving space domain, that’s how I lost contact with it. But the usage of moving space domain has a huge price, it needs time for preparation. How did they respond so quickly? They seem very prepared?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved rapidly in his mind, he quickly saw a problem.


 “There really was such a theft path method!”


 “Demon Fang Yuan is getting harder to deal with, thankfully we were amply prepared.”


 “We only made it in time due to Heavenly Court’s intel. If he really succeeded in stealing the Immortal Gu of this Immortal Gu House, what would happen?”


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals felt deep after-fear and relief.


 “Kill!”


 “Prepare moving space domain for demon Fang Yuan’s theft path method.”


 “But we need to be careful, this demon Fang Yuan has a defensive killer move made using Reverse Flow River.”


 Rumble!


 Under the Chi clan Gu Immortals’ manipulation, rank eight Immortal Gu House Great Space Temple erupted with fearsome might, quickly suppressing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan retreated while his mind entered treasure yellow heaven.


 At the next moment, his heart shook. Like he had expected, Heavenly Court had placed a clip in treasure yellow heaven, showing the fight scene earlier. His usage of great thief ghost hand against Feng Jiu Ge was also exposed.


 Not just that, Heavenly Court also released a lot of deduction results that were free for everyone to view.


 These deductions were all about Fang Yuan, they were exposing his secrets.


 In treasure yellow heaven, there were lots of commotion. The Gu Immortals in the five regions were very shocked, they were discussing his methods and Gu worms, they felt deep envy and jealousy towards Fang Yuan’s resources.


 This was a huge blow!


 Intel of Gu Immortals was usually very crucial. In most cases, once Immortal Gu and killer moves were exposed, they would be easily countered by others.


 Like now, not only did Chi clan defend against great thief ghost hand, they even trapped it inside moving space domain. They were going to research on this great thief ghost hand and trace it back to the source, exposing more weaknesses of this move.


 If they were not guarded and Fang Yuan succeeded, he might be able to steal a few Immortal Gu and earn a fortune, and even gain an advantage.


 Fang Yuan had used treasure yellow heaven to show himself thrashing Thunder Ghost True Monarch and it deeply affected Heavenly Court’s prestige. They were merely giving him a taste of his own medicine now, dealing with Fang Yuan using the same method.


 “I have great thief ghost hand, Fairy Zi Wei must be very worried that I would use this move to steal more Immortal Gu and strengthen myself!”


 “Since she could distract herself to do this, I’m afraid Lang Ya blessed land’s battle has ended.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 He wanted Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven to fight to the death, it was best if Lang Ya blessed land got destroyed. But both sides were very smart, they would not do something so stupid.


 “I’m afraid that Heavenly Court took the initiative to retreat. After all, in order to deal with Lang Ya blessed land, Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi and the rest were all injured to some degree. Feng Jiu Ge had lost his battle strength after fighting me, Thunder Ghost True Monarch died from battle... while Longevity Heaven has Lang Ya land spirit’s help, they have the absolute advantage.”


 Another thing Fang Yuan noticed was that Prince Feng Xian’s traitor identity was not exposed yet.


 “Prince Feng Xian might possibly be hiding near Loose Tail Ridge, waiting for a chance.”


 “It seems that Heavenly Court is very prepared, even without Prince Feng Xian, they managed to escape.”


 Fang Yuan was not foolish enough to expose Prince Feng Xian’s identity in advance.


 Heavenly Court knew that Fang Yuan was an otherworldly demon that had reborn, but they did not know that Prince Feng Xian’s identity was already known to Fang Yuan.


 “Right now, I have no evidence to testify against Prince Feng Xian. Actually, even if I have solid evidence, Prince Feng Xian is still a rank eight Gu Immortal, Longevity Heaven will have a tough time dealing with him, if they do not prepare amply, he might even escape.”


 Fang Yuan had to make good use of this, he might be able to reap great benefits in the future. Using it now would just be venting his anger, a successful person would have deep tolerance, how could he be swayed by emotions and act foolishly?


 “However, I cannot let all of you off either!” Fang Yuan sneered, he immediately sent a video clip into treasure yellow heaven.


 This video recorded Heavenly Court using star cast and sending multiple rank eight Gu Immortals into Lang Ya blessed land.


 It was like a huge rock tossed into a lake, it created huge ripples and waves!


 Heavenly Court had such a method?!


 It was like Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel, the incredibly useful effect could influence important battles!


 Other than Central Continent, the Gu Immortals of the other four regions and leaders of super forces felt greatly shocked, their alertness towards Heavenly Court rose to an incredible degree.


 “Goodbye.” Fang Yuan smiled as he waved at Great Space Temple. At the next moment, he used the opportunity to activate Fixed Immortal Travel, escaping successfully.


 Rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was too useful!


 Great Space Temple was not an immortal battlefield, even if it contained an immortal battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan would not let himself be trapped easily.


 Even if he was trapped, many immortal battlefields could not contain Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Unless it was an incredible method or countered Fixed Immortal Travel, Fang Yuan then would be in trouble when he gets trapped.


 At the next moment, jade light flickered as Fang Yuan arrived at Chi clan’s third resource point.


 Wind Flame Mountain!


 This mountain had countless sunset parasol trees, the leaves were red like fire. There were many birds and barely any land beasts, a small number of fire phoenixes were resting inside the parasol forest. Sensing Fang Yuan’s animosity, these phoenixes raised their heads and looked at Fang Yuan fearlessly, they had an aura of indomitability!


 This giant resource point was rare even for super forces, it was one of Chi clan’s most important sources of revenue.


 “Demon Fang Yuan is here!” A rank seven from Chi clan was here, they first activated the defensive immortal formation before reporting to the clan, seeking reinforcements.


 “If I can take down this resource point, Chi clan would really feel heartache. Hehe.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he charged down and crashed like a meteor.


 With an intense explosion, the immortal formation remained unmoved. Giant resource points had far greater defenses compared to middle and large resource points.


 Fang Yuan stopped his movement as his gaze flickered with uncertainty, he rapidly deduced in his mind while using countless killer moves like they were cheap fireworks.


 “Scoundrel Fang Yuan, you are so devious!” After receiving news of this, Chi Qu You was extremely furious, he could no longer stay, he left and went to reinforce the resource point.


 Wind Flame Mountain was quite a unique resource point, other than raising phoenixes, at a certain timing each year, many wild phoenixes would come here and lay eggs.


 If something happened to Wind Flame Mountain, the wild phoenixes might choose other locations, Chi clan would suffer great losses.


 But Wind Flame Mountain was very far from cloud bamboo mountain range, Chi Qu You was the closest to it. Even though this Chi clan first supreme elder had already set up the formation in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, he had to give up on that plan and save his resource point from Fang Yuan.


 When he arrived, Fang Yuan had already broken up more than half of the formation of Wind Flame Mountain, many ancient phoenixes also died, Fang Yuan even captured three.


 “Fang Yuan, you scoundrel, don’t run if you have the guts!” Chi Qu You screamed in anger.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he greeted politely: “Senior Chi Qu You, we finally meet.”



***
Chapter 1593 - Transaction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You want to meet me so urgently, it seems you really want to die.” Chi Qu You snickered.


 “First supreme elder is here, I’m saved!” The Chi clan Gu Immortal defending Wind Flame Mountain felt great ease as he shouted.


 “I waited specially for you, are you interested in the dream path results that I have?” Fang Yuan suddenly transmitted in secret.


 Chi Qu You was slightly dazed.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan pointed with his finger as immortal battlefield killer move yama battlefield formed and trapped Chi Qu You in it.


 Chi Qu You was slightly shocked but he soon calmed down, he even looked around the battlefield calmly: “This is the battlefield that trapped Feng Jiu Ge?”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Senior Chi wants to say, is this the immortal battlefield that Fairy Zi Wei broke?”


 Heavenly Court not only exposed Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand in treasure yellow heaven, they even released their understanding of yama battlefield and even the way to break it publicly.


 Thus, with this information, Chi Qu You was not worried. He was not even anxious at all, as a formation path great grandmaster, he could defend himself inside yama battlefield. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had limited time, if the righteous path Gu Immortals could encircle him, he would be in trouble.


 There were no invincible Gu in this world, only invincible Gu Immortals, Fixed Immortal Travel could be countered in many ways.


 Compared to that, Chi Qu You’s bigger headache was that after Fang Yuan leaves, he would continue targeting Chi clan’s resource points. That was a huge problem.


 “Take a look, senior Chi.” Fang Yuan tossed an information path mortal Gu over.


 Chi Qu You took a look, it was truly an information path mortal Gu, he looked into it and his gaze flickered.


 This information path mortal Gu recorded details about the formation that Chi clan had set up on Wind Flame Mountain. As a formation path grandmaster who had the light of wisdom, it was not hard to make such deductions.


 Chi Qu You instantly understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 According to the info in this information path mortal Gu, Fang Yuan could totally destroy the immortal formation on Wind Flame Mountain, but he purposely chose not to and waited for Chi Qu You’s arrival.


 Chi Qu You nodded: “You are indeed a genius, your formation path attainment is so high, no wonder Chi Shang acknowledged you.”


 Formation devotee Chi Shang was a rising star of Chi clan, he was recognized by Chi Qu You as a future formation path great grandmaster. Earlier, Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai and interacted with him, they built a good relationship. When Fang Yuan got exposed and was pursued by everyone, Chi Shang publicly announced that he was an enemy of Fang Yuan, putting a clear line between them.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly before looking at Chi Qu You solemnly: “What if I told senior that my formation path attainment level was obtained from the dream realm, what do you think?”


 “Oh? Is that true?!” Chi Qu You was moved, he assessed Fang Yuan again as he said with a questioning tone: “You really want to transact with me?”


 Fang Yuan retorted: “Why not? I need dream realms, but Southern Border’s dream realms have defensive formations made by Chi clan. I want to use dream path gains to exchange for Chi clan’s cooperation. To display my sincerity, I want you to see this.”


 Fang Yuan tossed out another information path mortal Gu, Chi Qu You received it and his gaze flickered, he unconsciously grasped the information path mortal Gu in his hand, as if afraid that it would fly off.


 Information regarding dream path had an incredible attraction to Chi Qu You, he quickly looked into it.


 When he raised his head, he looked at Fang Yuan with a different expression.


 “As expected of the one who used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and had inherited Shadow Sect, the amount of dream path information that he is willing to release already far exceeds the total amount of research our Southern Border’s righteous path has done!”


 “Furthermore, this is only a small part of the information, a lot of things are missing, there is even some vague content not explained in detail.”


 Thinking of this, Chi Qu You was deeply moved.


 He had to be moved!


 Fang Yuan’s bait was simply too attractive to him!!


 Currently, the Gu Immortal world agreed that dream path would be greatly developed in the future. Not only would dream path be created, it would prosper and create Great Dream Immortal Venerable. Thus, be it super forces or rank eight Gu Immortals, they knew the importance of dream path, they explored dream realms and tried to advance further in this path than anyone else.


 Whoever gave up on pursuing dream path would be left behind by this upcoming great era!


 It was like how Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created theft path, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created transformation path, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable created qi path... in the long history of humanity, countless experiences had proven this point.


 However, the start was the most difficult, dream path was only a concept now, no matter who explored it, they would have to pay a huge price with little gains.


 Because he knew this, Chi Qu You understood that this information path mortal Gu was extremely valuable. If it was revealed to the outside world, all the super forces would fight for it, even if they had to fight until blood flowed into a river, they would do it without hesitation!


 Chi Qu You caressed the information path mortal Gu in his hand as he looked at Fang Yuan with a sharp gaze: “I can see your sincerity, but there are many Southern Border righteous path forces, why did you choose me?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “I have interacted with Chi Shang before, I also have Shadow Sect’s and Wu clan’s information, I know a lot about Chi clan. Chi Bang is your son, but he lacks the ability to become the first supreme elder, that was why you needed Chi Shang, the future formation path great grandmaster, to help him. Senior Chi, you have limited lifespan, when you die and chaos starts, can Chi Bang protect Chi clan?”


 “You!” Chi Qu You’s expression turned dark, killing intent leaked out of him, but Fang Yuan was completely ignoring it.


 Chi Qu You had no choice but to admit Fang Yuan was right.


 Southern Border’s earth veins were shaking, such situations occurred in the other four regions too, a person at Chi Qu You’s level could also sense the chaos of the future.


 Chi Qu You had already used many lifespan extension methods, lifespan Gu were not effective on him anymore. He had already started preparing long ago, for the sake of his son’s succession.


 Even though he knew that Chi Bang lacked talent, as a father, he had his selfish side. But he could not be selfish entirely. If Chi clan was destroyed in Chi Bang’s hands, even if Chi Qu You died, he would not rest in peace. And if Chi clan was destroyed, would Chi Bang be safe?


 Therefore, Chi clan needed Fang Yuan’s dream path gains, with this, Chi clan would be able to protect itself in the future, it would also ride the tide of the great era and become an even stronger super force!


 “Hahaha.” Chi Qu You suddenly laughed loudly as if his killing intent never existed. He looked at Fang Yuan and shook his head: “Fang Yuan, you are truly the number one demonic figure of the five regions. I have finally seen your true abilities today, no wonder Heavenly Court and Wu clan were helpless against you. I will accept this transaction!”


 Fang Yuan nodded, Chi Qu You’s response was within his expectations, there was nothing peculiar.


 Chi Qu You was the leader of a righteous path force, while Fang Yuan was a demon that everyone was after, how could they make a deal? This seemed quite unthinkable.


 But actually, for the terms righteous path and demonic path, everyone had their own understanding of it. The central thing that mattered were benefits, be it righteous path or not.


 Look at Chi clan, it had so many resource points, it had to promote the advantage of the righteous path, that evil cannot defeat righteousness, so that they had the moral high ground to defend their territory and attain stability.


 As for demonic path Gu Immortals, they had to deal with calamities and tribulations, they needed to become stronger and that needed resources. But what to do when they had no resources? The only way was to rob and steal, to kill and loot.


 It was all for gains and benefits.


 Precisely because of this central reasoning, why would Chi Qu You not agree to Fang Yuan’s deal? They were just getting what they needed, for their respective benefits.


 The talk was done, Fang Yuan dispelled the immortal battlefield and acted like he was forced to retreat in a panic.


 Chi Qu You won but Fang Yuan managed to escape, his expression was quite ugly. For the following days, he defended cautiously, preventing Fang Yuan’s retaliation from coming.


 Seven days later, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, breaking the formation and successfully taking the dream realm.



***
Chapter 1594 - Righteous Path Schemes Against Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “We need to get rid of Fang Yuan, he dared to attack our righteous path’s formation openly, he is too daring!” Luo clan’s first supreme elder screamed.


 “This time, our clan’s Gu Immortal was sacrificed heroically, this demon Fang Yuan already has the blood of two Gu Immortals on his hands, he needs to pay the price!” Hou clan’s first supreme elder said in an aged tone, filled with rage.


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder sighed: “Fang Yuan needs to be dealt with, but he is not an ordinary demonic path Gu Immortal. His identity is very complex, he not only is an otherworldly demon, he also has Spring Autumn Cicada and has returned from the future, he destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and has Giant Sun’s true inheritance, he also inherited Spectral Soul true inheritance and became the leader of Shadow Sect, as well as the funding of Lang Ya blessed land. Even with Central Continent Heavenly Court’s pursuit, he still remains scot-free, he continued to harm the world while getting stronger at a rapid rate, far beyond logic. To speak the truth, he has the demeanor of a Demon Venerable in his youth.”


 “Hmph! There will only be Great Dream Immortal Venerable in the future, there will not be a Great Dream Demon Venerable. Yao clan, are you afraid?” Xia clan’s first supreme elder immediately said sarcastically.


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder snickered: “I’m just stating the truth. If we want to kill Fang Yuan, we need to recognize this truth. Like how your Xia clan lost to my Yao clan earlier.”


 “You!” Xia clan’s first supreme elder was incredibly furious.


 Recently, due to the turbulence of the earth veins, large amounts of cultivation resources were unearthed from underground, Southern Border’s righteous path, demonic path, and lone cultivators competed for them. During this period, lots of conflict was natural, Xia clan had fallen into an ambush by Yao clan and lost, but Yao clan paid a huge price too. Therefore, their conversation was very hostile.


 “Alright, our discussion is not for bickering, we need to plan on how to deal with Fang Yuan. If he continues his plunder, what will we do?” At this time, Shang clan’s first supreme elder spoke in a moderate tone.


 There was silence.


 Shang clan had always been neutral and was specialized in trading with all the different forces. When Shang clan’s first supreme elder spoke, everyone had to listen.


 A while later, Ba clan’s first supreme elder broke the silence: “Fang Yuan must have ways to explore dream realms and obtain great benefits. Otherwise, why would he impersonate Wu Yi Hai back then to get into our righteous path? This time, he attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and took all the dream realms away, this proves my point. I wonder what Wu clan’s first supreme elder has to say about this?”


 Wu clan’s first supreme elder was naturally none other than Wu Yi Hai’s elder brother — Wu Yong.


 Wu clan has already dominated the number one spot in the righteous path, Ba clan had been after their position, but Wu Yong showed up with Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, destroying Ba clan’s hope of replacing them as they solidified their status. Ba clan would not let this chance go now.


 Wu Yong was silent for a while before speaking: “Fang Yuan is an enemy of everyone. Yesterday, he plundered Chi clan’s resources, tomorrow, he might show up anywhere else, our resources and even clansmen might be targeted by him.”


 Wu Yong said plainly that dealing with Fang Yuan was the responsibility of all the Southern Border righteous path members. Ba clan and others could not make Wu clan take on this role and exert great effort alone.


 Hearing Wu Yong’s words, many people frowned.


 Wu Du Xiu and Wu Yong were vastly different. If this was Wu Du Xiu, she would charge ahead as the vanguard, that was the style of Wu clan.


 But Wu Yong stepped back this time, it was as if the humiliation that Fang Yuan gave to Wu clan earlier did not exist.


 Ba clan’s first supreme elder was not going to let Wu Yong off, he added: “The reason why Fang Yuan is a problem to deal with is because he has Fixed Immortal Travel. I wonder if Wu clan’s first supreme elder has any good method to restrict Fixed Immortal Travel?”


 Wu Yong smiled bitterly: “I am ashamed, Wu clan does not have such methods. I cannot compare to my mother, we can defend ourselves but that is our limit. In my opinion, Chi clan’s first supreme elder set up effective immortal formations earlier, even though Fang Yuan broke through, he still spent quite some time. Why doesn’t Chi clan’s first supreme elder help us to set up immortal formations around our resource points, so that we can stall for some time when Fang Yuan attacks?”


 Chi clan’s first supreme elder Chi Qu You quickly waved his hand: “I am ashamed! My immortal formations were all destroyed by Fang Yuan, I will disappoint all of you.”


 Wu Yong smiled: “No need to be so humble, Fang Yuan did not manage to destroy the formation on Wind Flame Mountain. The immortal formation set up in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench also blocked Fang Yuan’s assault once. But his formation path attainment level is too high, he was friends with your clan’s formation devotee Chi Shang, we all know that.”


 Wu Yong’s words had deep meaning, Chi Qu You snorted coldly, he remained silent.


 Southern Border’s super forces had all sorts of resource points. If Chi Qu You had to set up immortal formations one by one, when would he finish?


 And most importantly, this matter was very sensitive.


 Resource points were the most important areas of the different clans, they would not feel easy if outsiders were the ones setting up their defenses.


 Among the clans here, only Chi clan had been plundered, without experiencing it for themselves, the other clans did not feel an urge to ask for Chi Qu You’s help.


 Chi Qu You understood this, which was why he stopped talking.


 Wu Yong saw that Chi Qu You was silent, he could not say anything else.


 At this moment, Tie clan’s first supreme elder said excitedly: “Actually, Wu clan first supreme elder’s method is the best way to deal with Fang Yuan, but that is only half of it. Chi clan’s first supreme elder’s immortal formations can block Fang Yuan for some time. At this time, if there is our Tie clan’s Beacon Tower, we would be able to teleport there and block Fang Yuan, to kill him together! With the combination of both methods, Fang Yuan is not a problem at all!”


 Once he said that, the Gu Immortals became even quieter.


 Beacon Tower was an Immortal Gu House of Tie clan, its greatest use was similar to Western Desert Xiao clan’s Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor. This Gu House was made of multiple Beacon Towers, they could transport Gu Immortals to each other, if many Beacon Towers were put together, they could even transport rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Tie clan first supreme elder’s idea was not wrong. In fact, Tie clan had been trying to set up more Beacon Towers around Southern Border.


 But this arrangement was too much of a threat to the other super forces. Thus, the forces had been trying to stop Tie clan from creating more Beacon Towers.


 And now, Tie clan’s first supreme elder used this chance to promote the Beacon Towers again, the leaders of the different clans did not agree, they only kept silent, showing their resistance to it.


 “I have another plan.” A long while later, Shang clan’s first supreme elder spoke.


 After fifteen minutes, the discussion between these Southern Border righteous path leaders concluded.


 Under the moonlight, Chi Qu You stopped using his killer move, he flew in the sky while riding a thick cloud, having an eerie gaze.


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world was full of conflicts between major forces to begin with. During this period, the earth veins shook, while it gave great benefits, it also intensified the conflict between forces. This made the super forces more hostile to each other.


 Other than scheming against each other, just look at this time when Fang Yuan attacked Chi clan’s resource points, not a single force helped them out.


 After flying for some time, Chi Qu You’s vision changed, he ended up in an immortal battlefield.


 He was not nervous, because this was yama battlefield.


 He had already set up a meeting time with Fang Yuan.


 “These are yours.” Fang Yuan tossed out multiple Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and an information path mortal Gu: “Where are my things?”


 “I brought them.” Chi Qu You took out a large number of immortal essence stones and immortal materials of all kinds, there was also one information path mortal Gu, an information path inheritance was recorded in it.


 Both sides inspected the goods and traded successfully before parting. Chi Qu You frowned lightly while Fang Yuan smiled.


 “Chi clan’s first supreme elder, in the future, I will transact with you again!” Before leaving, Fang Yuan transmitted.


 “How will you contact me?”


 “You will know by then.”


 Both sides quickly left the place, they were extremely alert, nobody found out about this transaction.


 “The information in this Gu worm is not complete, I can see that Fang Yuan still has a lot of dream path research results. But what I obtained this time has already far exceeded the other super forces of Southern Border!” Chi Qu You looked at the dream realms in his immortal aperture as he sighed deeply.


 Thinking of Fang Yuan, his gaze turned dark: “Fang Yuan is a scoundrel, he obviously wants to cooperate with me again. After all, he wants to know about Yi Tian Mountain’s formation, I should work with him now and obtain more dream path research results, I will use Southern Border’s righteous path in the future to eliminate him afterwards!”


 The transaction between Chi Qu You and Fang Yuan was merely for benefits. His intention to take down Fang Yuan now was also for benefits.


 After all, if Fang Yuan sold these dream path research results to other super forces, Chi clan’s advantage would be lost, their benefits would be greatly affected.


 “Even though I gave Chi clan a few dream realms this time, I have already obtained a lot of time path dream realms, I am going to cultivate now and raise my time path attainment level!” Fang Yuan was thinking and planning.


 Chi clan had obtained dream path methods, they naturally needed more dream realms to explore. Even though Yi Tian Mountain had a huge dream realm, they could not explore it under everyone’s watchful gaze, that was too risky.


 Fang Yuan wanted to encourage these transactions but he did not want Chi clan to be exposed either.


 “This time, I succeeded in invading Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, Southern Border’s righteous path must be plotting against me. Even though Fixed Immortal Travel is good, it can be countered. Let alone the foundation of Southern Border’s righteous path, close connections between Wu Yong and Heavenly Court will make sure they help out as well. I should lay low now.”


 The truth was, Fang Yuan could use the dream path research results to find any super force and become allies with them to undergo transactions.


 But Fang Yuan chose Chi clan, there were reasons behind it.


 The most important reason was that during the chaotic period of his previous life, Chi clan was a firm force in resisting Heavenly Court!


 In his previous life, Wu clan was the same, but because Wu Yong managed to take back many Immortal Gu from Southern Border’s righteous path this time, Fang Yuan thought about it and could not trust them.



***
Chapter 1595 - Water Text Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The moon was bright outside the window, while a faint candle lighted the room.


 Wu Yong paced around in his room.


 He felt worry and frustration in his heart, he could not let it go.


 Right now, Wu Yong had rank eight cultivation level, he had supreme authority in Wu clan, he used Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to help Wu clan get through tough times. He even got back the Southern Border righteous path’s Immortal Gu from Heavenly Court, his reputation was at its peak. During this period, he had worked hard to nurture some Gu Immortal seeds, Wu clan was doing very well, why was he so worried now?


 Fang Yuan!


 Disguising as Wu Yi Hai, he even deceived Wu Yong, managing to take away lots of resources and even Immortal Gu. Not only did he toy around with Wu clan, even Wu Yong’s pursuit saw no results.


 Fang Yuan was like a thorn in his heart, whenever Wu Yong thought about it, he would feel heartache, humiliation, anger, and hatred.


 This time, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in Southern Border, destroying Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s formation and taking the dream realms, Wu Yong seemed very calm and composed now, but his heart was bleeding from this thorn that stabbed deeply into his wound!


 “Shang clan first supreme elder’s method can target Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel, but...”


 Wu Yong frowned as he walked around, shaking his head.


 He felt that it was not reliable, could this method really kill Fang Yuan?


 Thinking about how he failed to kill Fang Yuan even with all the Southern Border righteous path forces. Thinking about how Heavenly Court failed to capture him after multiple attempts. Could the Southern Border righteous path really succeed this time?


 Wu Yong shook his head.


 He admitted that he was quite wary of Fang Yuan now. This demon’s strength improved by leaps and bounds whenever he appeared, he could not be looked at with logic.


 And also, Wu Yong was not confident in Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Wu clan was the leader of Southern Border’s righteous path, Wu Yong had been nurtured under Wu Du Xiu’s wings, how could he not see the weakness of Southern Border’s righteous path!


 They all had their individual desires, they were filled with conflict and wariness, unless they had no choice, there would not be a leader that could unify them.


 Even for Wu clan, even if Wu Du Xiu was around and worked with Wu Yong, they could not be an absolute leader.


 Wu Yong could imagine that on the day of the operation, Southern Border’s righteous path would be very wary of each other, they would make excuses and refuse to be the first ones to act, they would want to fight for benefits. How could such a group deal with the crafty Fang Yuan?


 Especially now, only Chi clan was plundered by Fang Yuan, the other clans were untouched, with the turbulence of the earth veins, they had to fight for the resources underground, how could the clans spend their effort on Fang Yuan?


 “Or rather, Fang Yuan noticed this, so he only plundered Chi clan’s resources!”


 Wu Yong’s heart sank.


 From this angle, he really wanted Fang Yuan to go all-out and aggravate all the clans. But he was simply too crafty, he only targeted one clan.


 If Wu Yong knew that Fang Yuan not only plundered Chi clan, he even made a deal with them secretly to plot against Heavenly Court during the five regions chaotic war, who knew what he would think.


 After walking around for a while, Wu Yong made up his mind: “I should communicate with Heavenly Court, I should use them to get rid of Fang Yuan!”


 This was quite a tough decision.


 Even though this was a wise choice, since the enemy of an enemy was a friend, it was taboo. The five regions excluding Eastern Sea had a mentality against foreigners, Southern Border did too.


 If Southern Border’s forces and Gu Immortals knew that Wu Yong was working with another region’s super force to meddle in Southern Border’s affairs, he would receive huge criticism, even if he was Wu clan’s first supreme elder, even if he had rank eight cultivation level, he would not be exempt from it.


 It could be said that Wu Yong was taking a huge risk. If he was exposed, Wu clan’s current advantageous position would be destroyed.


 “Oh? Wu Yong contacted me? It must be due to the demon Fang Yuan...” Fairy Zi Wei was resting, seeing that Wu Yong had contacted her, she smiled as she replied.


 Wu Yong had a special status, he was the first supreme elder of Wu clan, even without trying to influence him, the cooperation between them was already his weakness.


 Both sides talked for a while, Wu Yong got to the topic of Fang Yuan.


 Fairy Zi Wei thought: “Like I expected, Fang Yuan has Fixed Immortal Travel and because I exposed his methods in treasure yellow heaven, Wu Yong is even more wary of him now, he wants to eliminate Fang Yuan despite the risks.”


 Heavenly Court was not in good shape recently.


 Not long ago, they failed to achieve any of their goals in their second attack on Lang Ya blessed land. Wisdom Gu was taken by Fang Yuan who escaped successfully, Lang Ya blessed land was guarded by Longevity Heaven, while Heavenly Court’s Thunder Ghost True Monarch died. Chen Yi, Fairy Zi Wei, and Feng Jiu Ge also suffered injuries to certain degrees, they were all recuperating now.


 But even so, after hearing Wu Yong’s words, Fairy Zi Wei agreed without hesitation.


 Fang Yuan needed to die!


 Even if he had rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, there were ways to restrict this Gu.


 Or rather, even if they failed to kill Fang Yuan, as long as they pressured him and did not give him time to grow further, it would be a success for Heavenly Court!


 “Fang Yuan’s growth is simply too fast and too scary! And this is already with heaven’s will giving him hurdles constantly through its influence. Once in a while, he shows up with shocking improvements. Even if we fail to kill him, we must make sure he has no time to cultivate. If he gained new methods, we must expose all his trump cards.”


 Fairy Zi Wei felt deeper wariness against Fang Yuan.


 To pursue him, she had put in so much effort, and right now, even Lang Ya blessed land was nearly taken down by her, but Fang Yuan?


 He was still free and roaming around!


 Heavenly Court had the absolute advantage, be it fate Gu’s repair, the nurturing of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, or even the imprisonment of Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan could not match their achievements.


 But in the deepest part of Fairy Zi Wei’s heart, she started to feel fear and unease.


 This emotion was absurd, but she truly felt fear and unease.


 Fear and unease due to Fang Yuan!


 “Southern Border’s righteous path is dealing with Fang Yuan now, this is a chance. Forget my injuries, I need to go all-out to kill Fang Yuan and eliminate this problem.” Determination flashed in Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was plotting against Fang Yuan, because of Wu Yong’s contact, before Heavenly Court even made a move, they were already the mastermind. Once Heavenly Court moves, they would unleash a terrifying attack.


 It was a pity that Fang Yuan had expected this.


 After the transaction with Chi Qu You, he went into seclusion, exploring the dream realms that he had.


 This was a time path dream realm.


 Inside this dream realm, Fang Yuan was an old man, he was the main character of this dream, having rank four cultivation level.


 Right now, he was surrounded by five or six Gu Masters with hostile expressions.


 “Lord Bai Lian, this is the treatment fee in advance, please follow us.” The leader Gu Master also had rank four cultivation level, looking at Fang Yuan, he spoke threateningly.


 Fang Yuan first looked at the Gu worms in his aperture, they were all time path Gu worms used for support, they could not heal. Thinking about it, Fang Yuan probed: “I am just an ordinary time path Gu Master, I am not a doctor, aren’t you making things difficult for me?”


 The other party replied: “Hmph, you will go whether you want to or not. Do you dare to defy the request of our Central Continent’s Meng clan? We already know everything about you, don’t worry, we are asking you to go because of your abilities, we know you can heal Lord Meng Bi’s illness. Come, do you need us to invite you by force?”


 “Let’s go, lead the way.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 Following these Gu Masters, Fang Yuan soon arrived at Meng clan, he saw the patient Meng Bi.


 Only to see that this person was frail and yellow, his bones were protruding from his skinny body, he rested in bed as he grunted weakly.


 “How did this happen? What illness is it?” Fang Yuan probed.


 A servant started crying as he said: “My master has always been healthy and strong, he sprints as fast as a wolf, to think that this would happen. He was harmed by that unscrupulous merchant, he bought a water text Gu. The merchant said that this Gu would allow him to write beautiful words that resembled flowing water. Master has always been brutish, the others have always said that he had brawns but no literary flair. Because of this, master bought this water text Gu at a high price, wanting to write a beautiful verse that night.”


 “Is the problem regarding that water text Gu?” Fang Yuan asked.


 The servant nodded: “Initially, master used that water text Gu with no issue. He wrote verses after verses, master was extremely happy, he wrote fifty to sixty texts. But in the morning, before he ate, he started to have diarrhea. It poured like flowing water, he had the runs for over twenty times. Even with master’s tough body, he ended up like this after a day.”


 Fang Yuan realized at last, he gained confidence in solving this.


 Water text Gu was not the problem, but overly using it caused the diarrhea, nobody could deal with that side effect.


 Rushing leads to worse results, this was quite common. Using Gu carried risks, Meng Bi truly brought it upon himself.


 “Meng clan was right to invite me, my time path Gu worms might not be able to heal, but in this situation,they are appropriate in healing Meng Bi.” Fang Yuan thought.



***
Chapter 1596 - Time Cutting Edge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was not a novice at exploring dream realms, he had a lot of experiences.


 Fang Yuan had already understood Meng Bi’s dream realm at this point.


 “I need to use the time path Gu worms in the aperture to create a time path killer move and heal Meng Bi’s injuries.”


 Meng Bi was injured from overly using water text Gu, this time path killer move must target the root cause.


 Even though Fang Yuan had ordinary attainment level in time path, he had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, Lang Ya’s true inheritance, and Hei Fan’s true inheritance. Especially the final one, it was a huge help for this problem.


 This dream realm was testing the explorer’s knowledge and ability to formulate killer moves.


 Of course, it was not so simple.


 Fang Yuan analyzed them, he found that the time path mortal Gu in this aperture were unique to this dream realm, they did not exist in real life.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, this was a dream realm after all, it was different from the real world.


 Others, including time path great experts, would have to test their luck now. But Fang Yuan’s luck was very good.


 However, he had a better option.


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream.


 This move was useless when he explored Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, but now, because this dream realm was much smaller, it had an extraordinary effect.


 The necessary Gu worms started to float in the aperture, giving Fang Yuan the answer directly.


 Fang Yuan already had a blueprint in his mind, using these Gu worms, he started to test them.


 After failing twice, he succeeded in the killer move, Meng Bi was saved. And with this, the dream realm was over.


 His soul returned to sovereign immortal body as Fang Yuan opened his eyes.


 He joyfully discovered that his time path attainment level had risen from ordinary to master level.


 But his joy did not last long, his expression suddenly changed.


 At the same time, immortal killer move emperor yama that was shielding his soul started to expand rapidly from its original state.


 “Someone is deducing my location, they are quite proficient!” Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


 If this was before the defensive battle of Lang Ya blessed land, he would be worried. But he had emperor yama now, his defense against deductions made even Heavenly Court’s Fairy Zi Wei without options for now.


 As expected, after deducing for a while, the other party was unable to break emperor yama, they paid a huge price for nothing.


 Fang Yuan’s emperor yama killer move shrunk back into a simple garment on his soul again.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered with cold light, he looked around as emperor yama’s aura burst out in the surroundings, to play safe, he decided to leave this place immediately.


 Using Fixed Immortal Travel again, it was simply too convenient to move around with this Gu.


 In a flash, Fang Yuan went from one side of Southern Border to the other side, who knew how far the distance was.


 Fang Yuan flew for a while before lurking in a grey valley that was filled with mist.


 “My soul foundation is only at thirty million man soul now.” Fang Yuan calculated as he sighed.


 Using emperor yama would place a burden on Fang Yuan’s soul, his soul foundation would be depleted. Earlier, against that mysterious expert, emperor yama expended a million of Fang Yuan’s soul foundation, the deducer was truly powerful.


 Long ago, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation far exceeded thirty million, but in the battle of Lang Ya, he expended it greatly.


 And also, exploring dream realms consumed soul foundation and also caused great harm to the soul.


 If this was before, Fang Yuan could use his resources to raise his soul foundation again. But now, Dang Hun Mountain was still being repaired, it could not be used.


 Without Dang Hun Mountain to produce guts Gu, with just Fang Yuan’s guts Gu in stock, they could not last long.


 “To repair Dang Hun Mountain, I have been using landscape as before Immortal Gu. Event hough Dang Hun Mountain has the effect of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s orderly well killer move, it is just a rank six Immortal Gu, this task has been draining my immortal essence.”


 Fang Yuan’s immortal essence storage was drying up.


 His abundant storage had already been depleted by the intense battles earlier.


 Heavenly Court’s attacks on Fang Yuan did not kill him but they were not in vain, his foundation was deeply hit by this!


 The lack of immortal essence was also why Fang Yuan wanted to work with Chi Qu You instead of fighting.


 Actually, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had an incredible amount of time path resources1, the rate of time was rapid, his immortal essence was produced at the fastest rate in the world compared to all other rank seven Gu Immortals.


 But his expenditure was even greater, just him alone could not make up for the deficit. The dragonfish business was sustaining him for now.


 The dragonfish business was raking in huge profits, Fang Yuan used these immortal essence stones and constantly converted them into immortal essence, alleviating his problem.


 “With the dragonfish business and my guts Gu storage, I can still sustain myself. When Dang Hun Mountain is repaired, everything will get better.”


 With Fixed Immortal Travel and Omni-directional Travel, Fang Yuan was not afraid of people approaching him.


 The truth was, with emperor yama’s protection, there was little possibility of them deducing his location quickly.


 Fang Yuan decided to continue exploring time path dream realms.


 He had left many time path dream realms in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, after setting up a Gu formation to alert himself, he entered the dream.


 On a snowy mountain peak, an old man looked at Fang Yuan with his hands behind his back.


 “Kneel down.” The old man said plainly.


 Fang Yuan was dazed but quickly followed the old man’s words.


 The old man’s expression turned solemn and grand, he said slowly: “From now on, I will impart upon you the strongest killer move of our clan — Time Cutting Edge! Once this is shot out, it will not miss, anyone hit by it will die. There is only hope in taking revenge on our clan’s mortal enemy after you learn this move.”


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan heard his words and had a feeling he was going to have huge gains in this dream realm exploration!


 As expected, the old man taught him the entire killer move, time cutting edge.


 This move was very complex, much more than Fang Yuan’s own creation, myriad self. And the harder thing was, this move had a very short completion time, hundreds of steps needed to be completed in three breaths of time. Otherwise, Fang Yuan would face the backlash of this killer move.


 “Three breaths? How can that be possible?” Even Fang Yuan felt that it was impossible.


 However, the old man’s explanation had not ended. Fang Yuan listened closely, the solution was for Fang Yuan to use another time path killer move to shorten time cutting edge’s activation time to three breaths, that would allow him to use it.


 If other paths uses time path methods to accelerate their killer moves, they would be adding fuel to the fire, the effect would backfire and the move would fail, resulting in a backlash.


 But time cutting edge was a time path killer move to begin with, when using other time path killer moves, there would be no conflict, instead they complemented each other.


 Thus, rather than time cutting edge itself, Fang Yuan started to learn the supplementary killer move — Shrink Time.



***
Chapter 1597 - Time Path Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time path dream realm.


 Fang Yuan turned into a young looking rank six Gu Immortal, his eyes were shut as his body was covered in specks of white light.


 As the number of white lights increased, Fang Yuan’s aura became denser and more stable.


 Suddenly, his body shook, his aura became chaotic, it was like a tall building collapsing into the abyss.


 Guh.


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth, spitting out a mouthful of blood.


 “I failed again.” He opened his eyes, bright light shining within.


 He had already failed to activate shrink time three times, this was a rank six killer move used to supplement time cutting edge.


 With three consecutive failures, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation fell with each injury, his thirty million man soul had fallen to twenty-nine million six hundred thousand.


 This was not Thieving Heaven’s dream realm after all, the soul foundation loss in Thieving Heaven’s dream realm was too absurd.


 Fang Yuan did not feel discouraged, his gaze flickered as fighting spirit rose in him.


 Ignoring the rest, just shrink time itself was very valuable. It was not only useful for time cutting edge, he could supplement it for other time path killer moves.


 The exploration failed, Fang Yuan’s soul left the dream realm, returning to heal in the sovereign immortal body.


 Guts Gu.


 Fang Yuan took out a guts Gu and used it.


 Earlier, he had an abundant supply, but now, he had to use them wisely.


 He did not have many guts Gu, Fang Yuan planned to use them for the healing of his soul. Therefore, he could only stop his soul path cultivation.


 The truth was, not only would Fang Yuan’s soul foundation remain stagnant, as he explored more dream realms later, it would continue to fall. This was something to be expected, there was no helping it.


 Soul path cultivation was no longer his priority, he needed to head into the River of Time and obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance, that was the most logical plan!


 Fang Yuan needed to go soon.


 Firstly, the longer he waited, the more problems that would arise. His enemy was Heavenly Court which had a deep foundation, they might have another great expert awakening at any time. Heavenly Court also had traps set in the River of Time, the more time passed, the more traps there would be.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan was placing his hope on Red Lotus’ true inheritance to resist Heavenly Court and preventing fate Immortal Gu from being repaired. This had the greatest chance of success now. But in the worst case scenario that Red Lotus’ true inheritance could not help him, he had to make other plans. Thus, the earlier Fang Yuan obtained Red Lotus’ true inheritance, the more time he had to deal with the future.


 As for his soul path cultivation becoming stagnant or falling, or even the lack of immortal essence, Fang Yuan did not care. Of course, he was not ignoring them, he already had the way to settle them. Once Dang Hun Mountain was repaired, everything would be in order again!


 Other than this method, Fang Yuan had no way of resolving these problems now.


 Currently, Dang Hun Mountain was about thirty to forty percent restored, but the soul path dao marks had not reached a qualitative change yet, it could not produce guts Gu.


 After resting his soul, Fang Yuan entered the dream realm again.


 This time, he finally succeeded in activating shrink time.


 The first three failures were not for nothing, each failure led Fang Yuan closer to success.


 Fang Yuan finally grasped the killer move shrink time.


 Of course, the shrink time obtained in the dream realm might not be usable in the real world. After all, dreams and reality were different.


 Fang Yuan was clear in his mind, the content of shrink time was accurate. Even if there were differences, with the light of wisdom, he could spend some time to create a version usable in real life.


 At this point, this stage of the dream realm has been cleared, the entire cultivation area faded from Fang Yuan’s view.


 His time path attainment started to rise rapidly before stopping.


 “I am still a time path master. But... compared to before, it has risen a bit, I am approaching grandmaster.”


 In the second stage of the dream realm, Fang Yuan started to practise time cutting edge.


 This move was even more difficult and complex than myriad self back then.


 Fang Yuan focused his mind and practised, he soon felt his head spinning, thoughts were expended rapidly in his mind, it was like a dried pond.


 Fang Yuan was very patient, he practised the contents continuously over and over again, moving towards the path of success.


 While practising, he got injured again.


 After leaving the dream realm and going back to his body, Fang Yuan was shocked to find out that not only did his soul foundation fall from this injury, his lifespan was also shaved off to some extent!


 “Getting injured in this dream realm will expend lifespan!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, this was a new discovery. But thankfully, he had a lot of lifespan Gu now, there was no issue. Of course, other Gu Immortals would think differently.


 Just like this, after a while, Fang Yuan got injured four times before he finally managed to use time cutting edge in the dream realm.


 Just once was enough, this was not reality after all, the dream realm collapsed as Fang Yuan entered the third stage.


 The old man appeared again: “After six years, you finally learned time cutting edge, not bad. But we will have to test it in battle first.”


 Fang Yuan cupped his fists: “Please arrange it.”


 The old man laughed: “Rank seven Gu Immortal Li Xin is that person’s right hand man, there is chaos in the south due to ancient desolate beasts, he is there to suppress them, go kill him!”


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly, he only had rank six cultivation level under this identity, without deep foundations, how could he kill a rank seven?


 The only advantage was his killer move time cutting edge!


 Before Fang Yuan could think anymore, the dream changed, the surroundings were covered in flames. A person stood in the sea of fire, looking at Fang Yuan with his triangular eyes: “So you are a lingering member of Bo clan, hmph, die!”


 Saying so, dark red flames surged towards Fang Yuan like a huge wave.


 Fang Yuan quickly retreated, at the crucial moment, he activated the time path Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture.


 At the next moment, the flames engulfed him.


 Fang Yuan died in battle.


 The dream realm exploration failed, Fang Yuan moved his injured soul back into his body.


 This dream realm was quite ridiculous. The battle started immediately, Fang Yuan had no time to react.


 “Furthermore, other than time cutting edge, I can only use the other time path Immortal Gu without formulating any killer moves.”


 Fang Yuan was quite vexed.


 These time path Immortal Gu were all rank six, when used alone, how could they match the rank seven Gu Immortal Li Xin? And his dark red flame killer move was clearly rank seven!


 “It seems that I can only counter offense with offense and use time cutting edge against him.” Fang Yuan made up his mind after a moment.


 If this was real life, Fang Yuan would fight cautiously. But the dream realm was a different case.


 After a while, Fang Yuan entered the dream realm.


 Dark red flames came at him, but Fang Yuan did not dodge, he used immortal killer move time cutting edge.


 A thin blade formed instantly.


 The flying blade shot out with the flash of a sharp light.


 “Hmm! What is this killer move...” Li Xin had a shocked expression as he fell, the dark red flames surged and burned him to a crisp.


 Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


 “This move is amazing! It could easily kill a rank seven, even though this Li Xin was covered in defensive methods. Even in the dream realm it is so powerful... it seems it is not weak in real life either!”


 With Li Xin’s death, the dream realm dissipated.


 The third stage of the dream was passed, Fang Yuan became a time path grandmaster!



***
Chapter 1598 - Forget


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The dream realm reached the fourth stage.


 “I killed Li Xin.” Fang Yuan said.


 The old man stood in front of Fang Yuan, nodding: “It seems that you are already proficient in time cutting edge. But you only learned the rank six version of time cutting edge. I will impart you the rank seven version now, listen carefully.”


 Fang Yuan focused his mind and memorized it.


 The rank seven killer move was many times more complex than the rank six version!


 Fang Yuan got a headache from just listening to the steps, this was the most complex killer move he had ever heard of, there was no competition.


 After imparting him the killer move, the old man said to Fang Yuan before leaving: “After you succeed in learning this rank seven killer move, come find me.”


 Fang Yuan was left alone in the dream realm.


 “It seems that the fourth stage still wants me to practise the killer move.” Fang Yuan pondered.


 Having understood this, he started to work, practising laboriously in the dream realm.


 Even though the killer move was complex and difficult to master, Fang Yuan had lots of patience.


 His personality had already been tempered into a piece of black steel by his previous life and the toying of fate, he was extremely firm and determined.


 These small setbacks would not make him dejected or feel like giving up.


 While Fang Yuan explored the dream realm and practised his killer move, inside the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s time path clone was sitting in front of wisdom Gu, using the light of wisdom to make deductions.


 Next, he opened his eyes, muttering: “The formation’s deduction has reached a certain point. Next, I will move onto time cutting edge.”


 It was actually quite strange.


 This killer move, time cutting edge, had exceptional power, why was it not recorded inside Spectral Soul’s true inheritance?


 After all, this time path dream realm came from Spectral Soul himself, normally speaking, time cutting edge should be recorded inside Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 But in fact, Fang Yuan’s true inheritance of Spectral Soul did not have such content.


 “We have not deduced Fang Yuan’s location yet?” Xia clan’s first supreme elder said with a grim expression.


 In front of her, a group of Southern Border Gu Immortals fell into silence, they all had ugly expressions.


 Because Fang Yuan destroyed Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and took away all the dream realms earlier, Southern Border’s righteous path gathered together and sent out their people, forming a group of specialized individuals to track Fang Yuan.


 The leader of this group was Xia clan’s first supreme elder, Xia Cha.


 Xia Cha had white hair and wrinkles on her face, even though she was old, she had a grand disposition, her gaze swept across the crowd as she dominated everyone with her aura.


 The Southern Border immortals lowered their heads.


 Who did not want to find Fang Yuan? But he had emperor yama protecting him, even Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei was without options against him, not to mention this hastily gathered group of Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Of course, Southern Border’s righteous path had deep foundations, they were not to be underestimated. These people were not completely incapable of finding out Fang Yuan’s location, they just needed more clues, like when Fang Yuan appears again to attack another resource point.


 With sufficient clues, there was a possibility that these people could use their various methods and cooperate to unravel emperor yama.


 Emperor yama was strong, but if it remained the same over time, as deductions piled up, it would eventually be broken.


 Xia Cha knew this too: “This damned Fang Yuan, after plundering Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, he vanished into thin air!”


 Xia Cha felt pressured.


 As long as Fang Yuan was still alive, as leader of this expedition, her reputation would continue to plummet. If it got serious, the whole of Xia clan would suffer too.


 “This demon Fang Yuan, he is hiding in seclusion, he must be exploring dream realms and gaining benefits! We must eliminate him fast, otherwise, he will get much stronger again.” Xia Cha said eerily: “Everyone, if you have any trump cards, use them, I swear on my name that I will compensate you all fairly.”


 The Southern Border immortals looked around at each other, they did not move.


 Xia Cha felt increasingly disappointed, her gaze swept across the people and stopped at one person: “Liu Hao, I wonder what brilliant method you have?”


 Liu Hao was slightly stunned.


 He had a tall body, he wore a green robe and had a goatee, his face was yellow, he was the representative of Wu clan.


 Because of the turmoil earlier, many of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals had been sacrificed, thus they recruited a lot of outside Gu Immortals recently as their external supreme elders. Liu Hao was one of them.


 But the truth was, he was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, a spy sent by Fairy Zi Wei, arranged by Wu Yong as a Southern Border righteous path member.


 Xia Cha was familiar with the other Gu Immortals except Liu Hao, on the surface, he was a secluded cultivator and did not have much reputation.


 Liu Hao reacted in time and smiled bitterly: “I am ashamed! I cannot do anything about this, our information is severely lacking, especially clues connected to Fang Yuan. In my opinion, we are not weak, the problem is that we have nothing to work with.”


 “Indeed, indeed.”


 “Liu Hao is correct!”


 Liu Hao’s words resonated with everyone present.


 Xia Cha was slightly disappointed, but she did not suspect Liu Hao of lying, after all, Wu clan and Fang Yuan had deep enmity between them.


 “What do we do now? Do we continue waiting? If Fang Yuan does not show up, will we do nothing but wait for him to appear?”


 Xia Cha thought about this and felt a headache coming.


 But at this time, an unknown voice suddenly spoke around them: “I can help in this matter.”


 “Who is it?!” The immortals were shocked, even Xia Cha stood up as her eyes shined brightly, she stared hard.


 An unknown Gu Immortal with a muscular body and conical hat suddenly appeared in the immortal formation. If he did not speak, nobody would have noticed!


 “Who are you?!” Southern Border’s immortals were all prepared to fight, the atmosphere was extremely tense.


 “Wait, you are...” The expression of Tie clan’s representative changed as he stopped the immortals.


 “That’s right, I am Lu Wei Yin.” The person said plainly with a smile.


 Dream realm.


 The old man nodded with satisfaction and a bit of shock: “Rank seven time cutting edge, you mastered it as well!”


 Fang Yuan had a plain expression, cupping his fists: “I did not disappoint you.”


 The old man nodded: “It seems that you are talented in this aspect, very good, our clan’s revenge can finally see some hope. But I have some things to tell you.”


 “Please tell me.”


 “First.” The old man raised his right index finger: “Rank six time cutting edge can kill rank seven, but rank seven time cutting edge cannot kill rank eight Gu Immortals. Rank seven and eight are too different in strength. Thus, even if you mastered time cutting edge, do not seek the enemy for revenge yet. You are only rank six now, you will only be courting death.”


 “Second.” The old man raised his right middle finger: “You only have rank six cultivation level, using rank seven time cutting edge is quite difficult. You need to raise your cultivation level to rank seven or even rank eight! When you raise your cultivation level, you will be able to learn rank eight time cutting edge. With a rank eight killer move, you would be able to take revenge, but before that, you need to endure!”


 “And third.” The old man raised his fourth finger: “Time cutting edge is an extreme move, it has incredible power but the drawback is huge. The higher the rank, the stronger the drawback. You must have realized it now, right? That’s right, time cutting edge will remove your memories related to it. The more you use it, the more you forget. One day, you will forget me, the enemy, and even this killer move itself. Thus, before you lose too many memories, you need to control yourself and not use this move excessively.”



***
Chapter 1599 - Tribulation and Divine Technique


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had already been placed, the entrance was open and swallowed a vast amount of heaven and earth qi.


 Swoosh swoosh!


 The turbulent heaven and earth qi approached grandly, if anyone saw this, they would be deeply shocked, no blessed land had ever been able to absorb so much heaven and earth qi at once.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was near the entrance, watching the heaven and earth qi flow in. Because it was too dense, the qi could be seen like moving fog or clouds.


 “Absorb more, absorb more, take in everything you need.” Fang Yuan smiled, he could tell that the sovereign immortal aperture was very ‘hungry’.


 City Well, Reverse Flow River, and Luo Po Valley, even though the three secluded domains of heaven and earth were unique and amazing, they caused a huge burden on the blessed land, the expenditure of heaven and earth qi was intense. From time to time, Fang Yuan had to absorb heaven and earth qi from the outside world to replenish them.


 “And this is before Dang Hun Mountain gets repaired, after it is restored, the amount of heaven and earth qi needed will be even higher!”


 From this aspect, the destruction of Dang Hun Mountain had a tiny bit of benefit to Fang Yuan.


 Of course, the biggest reason was that sovereign blessed land had a lot of resources, it was like a huge foundation that could handle the weight of four secluded domains of heaven and earth. Ordinary blessed lands could not sustain two of them at once.


 Placing his immortal aperture and opening the immortal aperture’s entrance had several drawbacks to Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, because the inside and outside were connected, when he absorbed heaven and earth qi, Fang Yuan’s location would be exposed to heaven’s will.


 And if any Gu Immortal tried to make deductions on him, the difficulty of defending himself would be many times higher.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had been buying immortal materials and turning them into heaven and earth qi to replenish his immortal aperture. But recently, his focus was on repairing Dang Hun Mountain, he started lacking funds, he could not buy them anymore so he had to place his immortal aperture to absorb heaven and earth qi.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was definitely a big eater, it needed dozens or even hundreds of times of heaven and earth qi as ordinary blessed lands.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had its fill, but heaven and earth qi continued to pour in unceasingly.


 This phenomenon did not shock Fang Yuan, because he knew that this time was different, his tribulation was coming.


 Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he faced an earthly calamity every ten years, a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, and a grand tribulation every one hundred years.


 Ever since Fang Yuan used his time path methods to modify the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time to its quickest, his calamities and tribulations had been coming at a rapid rate!


 This was an earthly calamity.


 But be they earthly calamity or heavenly tribulation, they were not a problem for Fang Yuan, especially when he had the killer move exposing heavenly secret. This move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core with supplementary Gu worms to allow Fang Yuan to deduce the contents of upcoming calamities and tribulations.


 Thus, before this earthly calamity even formed, Fang Yuan already knew what it was.


 As expected, the calamities and tribulations formed like how Fang Yuan had predicted.


 Earth qi continued to rumble under Fang Yuan’s feet, forming into huge yellow spirals. Heaven qi rumbled in the sky, booming as green lightning in the sky continued to flicker.


 Screech screech screech!


 With a chain of shrill noises that could burst eardrums, terrifying statues emerged from the center of the yellow spiral.


 These giant statues were ten meters tall, they were muscular and had sharp teeth that protruded out of their faces. Suddenly, they opened their red eyes as the purple bat wings on their backs expanded, they flew up and charged at Fang Yuan.


 “Yellow spring ghost martial statues.” Fang Yuan floated in the sky, his arms were behind his back as he looked at these statues calmly.


 He was very relaxed, he could even look at the sky during this critical moment when the enemy approached.


 In the sky, the green lightning split apart the cloud layer, countless statues that resembled the yellow spring ghost martial statues appeared.


 The yellow spring ghost martial statues bore their fangs and claws, but these statues were very orderly like a group of troops, they had solemn expressions and huge bodies, there were eagle wings on their backs.


 “Green lightning divine martial statues.” Fang Yuan smiled in his mind, recognizing the second type of statue.


 At this moment, the yellow spring ghost martial statues had already reached Fang Yuan, they slashed their claws and opened their mouths, biting at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not move, ripples appeared on his body.


 It was the famous creation of Fang Yuan, immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 Be they the yellow spring ghost martial statues or green lightning divine martial statues, their attacks were all reflected back and injured themselves. Fang Yuan was completely unharmed and could not be defeated.


 “Begone.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, immortal killer move myriad dragon burst out, within the sea of silver scales, myriad dragons flew and attacked endlessly.


 Even though there were many yellow spring ghost martial statues and green lightning divine martial statues produced by the heaven and earth qi, how could they match Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon?


 At the start, they could still resist, but soon, they were engulfed by the myriad dragon army, losing their numbers rapidly. The heaven and earth qi were scattered by the myriad dragons, even though heaven’s will was unresigned and sought to try again, the next wave of myriad dragon destroyed the gathering heaven and earth qi again.


 A moment later, the calamity was over, the immortal aperture’s entrance closed, the sovereign immortal aperture became peaceful again as the turbulence ended.


 Fang Yuan nodded to himself and concluded: “This earthly calamity only had the yellow spring ghost martial statues originally, but changed because I did not go through the previous earthly calamity, instead using the immortal killer move endless trouble to delay it.”


 Immortal killer move endless trouble was among the contents of Hei Fan’s true inheritance. It could delay the current tribulation until the next time, and undergo both tribulations together. The weakness was that it would anger heaven’s will, the following calamities and tribulations would increase greatly in strength.


 Heaven’s will was trying to suppress Fang Yuan and prevent his cultivation level from advancing, it intentionally made his calamities and tribulations as weak as possible so he could gain few dao marks.


 In this situation, the weakness of endless trouble was actually advantageous to Fang Yuan!


 Thus, Fang Yuan used this killer move to undergo two tribulations together, he could gain dao marks and heaven’s will could not stop him.


 “Yellow spring ghost martial statues were the earthly calamity, while green lightning divine martial statues were on the level of heavenly tribulation. This time, i gained quite a few dao marks!” Fang Yuan inspected it, his soul path and transformation path dao marks had increased.


 These were both useful to Fang Yuan.


 Of course, he needed time path dao marks the most.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had a huge space, Fang Yuan intentionally chose an empty area to undergo tribulation. Even if heaven’s will wanted to destroy anything, it had no target.


 Even though the calamity was over, Fang Yuan’s body remained here. He started to activate heaven’s will dissipation, only stopping after he confirmed that the remaining heaven’s will was cleansed away.


 When Fang Yuan’s main body underwent tribulation, his time path clone had been staying with wisdom Gu, deducing immortal killer moves continuously.


 Previously, Fang Yuan successfully explored the dream realm, his time path attainment level rose drastically to grandmaster level.


 With this attainment level, he was very successful in deducing time path killer moves.


 Actually, Fang Yuan’s main body had many time path killer moves. Spectral Soul’s true inheritance had many, followed by Hei Fan’s true inheritance and Lang Ya Sect, in theory, Fang Yuan with refinement path quasi-supreme attainment could deduce and modify these immortal killer moves.


 But for Fang Yuan, Hei Fan’s true inheritance was his main consideration. Because his time path Immortal Gu were mostly from Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 For example, rank eight Years Flow Like Water, rank seven year Gu and after Immortal Gu.


 The remaining time path Immortal Gu were all rank six. Most were left behind from Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and Fang Yuan also had day Immortal Gu.


 The time path clone’s main job was to use Hei Fan’s true inheritance as the foundation along with other immortal killer moves and time path Immortal Gu recipes to deduce the most appropriate time path methods for Fang Yuan.


 Even though not long had passed, the time path clone was extremely efficient!


 Currently, Fang Yuan had an entire set of time path methods, covering offense, defense, movement, and healing. He just needed to spend some time practising them and he could easily grasp them.


 “But this is not enough!” The time path clone opened his eyes, sighing.


 The light of wisdom faded away as wisdom Gu flew away slowly.


 The time path clone went to an empty area to experiment on the killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Time Cutting Edge!


 A flying blade tore through the sky, instantly vanishing with shocking speed.


 But the time path clone’s blood flowed out of his mouth as he shook his head, greatly disappointed.


 “I deduced rank seven time path methods that are suitable for me. But in the River of Time, when searching for Red Lotus’ true inheritance and facing the obstruction of Heavenly Court, I will need to have rank eight time path methods.”


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance had rank eight defensive killer moves that used years flow like water Immortal Gu as the core. But it did not have rank eight offensive methods.


 In Hei Fan’s case, he only obtained Years Flow Like Water in his later years. With limited time, deducing rank eight defensive methods were already not easy. He had rank eight level dao marks, rank seven offenses were enough for him. Of course, most importantly, he solely had Years Flow Like Water, he could either use it to attack or defend himself at one point in time. Defense was naturally more important than offense, especially for a righteous path member.


 “And time cutting edge is very extraordinary. Even though rank seven time cutting edge cannot kill rank eight experts, it can harm them. It is a pity that after modifying it, the power is far lower than the original, and the backlash is heavier.”


 Fang Yuan was not unfamiliar with this situation.


 Like how he had created myriad self Immortal Gu’s recipe, because of his refinement path quasi-supreme attainment level, he had modified it to its limits. Any minor adjustment would be detrimental and make it worse than before.


 Fang Yuan’s modification of time cutting edge was similar.


 “It seems that the complete time cutting edge killer move is a rank nine killer move!”


 Like how Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s immortal killer move orderly well was also rank nine and could not be modified further.


 Even though Fang Yuan only obtained the rank six and seven time cutting edge, even the incomplete versions could not be modified. After forcefully changing the content, the disadvantages far outweighed the advantages.


 Furthermore, with Fang Yuan’s deductions, time cutting edge’s memory loss effect was not simple. It was not as plain as the old man had described it, the memories lost were not just about the move, but everything related to the move.


 Any information related to this move, be it memories or records in information path Gu worms, even carvings on stones would be erased from the River of Time as this move got used continuously.


 “Spectral Soul must have obtained time cutting edge in the past, but because he used it often, all of the information that he had regarding time cutting edge was erased from the River of Time, therefore, it was not inside Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.”


 “Of course, there is a possibility that Spectral Soul’s true inheritance is not complete, Shadow Sect still kept a small portion of it including this hidden from me, but that is very unlikely.”


 “Regardless, I am sure of something, this time cutting edge is truly a divine technique. If I can grasp it, I will have more confidence in the River of Time, my chances will rise by twenty percent!”


 A day later.


 “This is it.” Lu Wei Yin half-knelt on the ground as he placed his palm down, sensing the changes in the earth qi.


 Next, several figures descended from the sky and landed behind Lu Wei Yin. They were led by an old woman, the rank eight time path great expert, Xia clan’s first supreme elder — Xia Cha!


 “Fang Yuan placed his aperture here and absorbed the heaven and earth qi, in fact... he went through a tribulation here.” Lu Wei Yin said with deep certainty.


 Xia Cha’s eyes flashed brightly, Lu Wei Yin was indeed Paradise Earth’s inheritor, his earth path methods were profound to this extent!


 The Gu Immortals behind them started to converse.


 “With Lord Lu Wei Yin here, we will be able to find Fang Yuan!”


 “Fang Yuan has many secluded domains of heaven and earth, the burden of heaven and earth qi is huge, with such a clue, we will definitely find him.”


 “Don’t you all find it strange? He has Fixed Immortal Travel, why is he staying in Southern Border? Why not go to Eastern Sea or Western Desert, aren’t those places safer?”


 “Hmph, he is already wanted by everyone, nobody can tolerate him, nowhere is safe.”


 “This demon is too vicious, he is likely staying in Southern Border because he wants to rob our resources, especially the dream realms in Yi Tian Mountain, we cannot let them go unguarded!”


 “Kill, we need to kill this demon before we can rest at ease!”



***
Chapter 1600 - Ambush, Reverse Scheme


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In treasure yellow heaven, the higher the value of items, the taller and brighter the treasure light.


 At this stall, the treasure light had been consistently tall and bright, it was like a torch compared to the other stalls.


 Southern Border Gu Immortal Tie Qu Zhong’s divine sense was moving around this stall.


 “I want three thousand copper dragonfish. Hmm...” After hesitating for a moment, Tie Qu Zhong added: “And two hundred silver dragonfish.”


 The transaction was completed quickly, Tie Qu Zhong paid a hefty amount of immortal essence stones for them.


 When he withdrew his divine sense and flew around Southern Border’s sky with his main body, his vision was obscured by clouds.


 Tie Qu Zhong’s worry had dissipated.


 “With these dragonfish, my rank seven edge Gu can be fed for now. However, dragonfish is only a temporary replacement item, to solve this problem, I need to be self sufficient and create the white steel extract resource point in my immortal aperture.”


 White steel was a rank six immortal material, one of the earth vein essences. White steel extract was a rank seven immortal material, often, there would only be a small bowl of white steel extract from a huge piece of white steel.


 Tie Qu Zhong wanted to create a resource point to produce white steel extract, but it was a huge project to start with.


 If he could not solve the problem, purchasing dragonfish to feed his rank seven edge Gu time and time again would incur huge costs, he would be making a loss.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate, they do not just fight, resource management was also of utmost importance, occasionally even more than fighting.


 Thinking of the white steel extract, Tie Qu Zhong’s gaze turned to his right, there was Gu Immortal moving with him hundreds of steps away.


 “Shang Hu Zhang.” Tie Qu Zhong transmitted.


 The Shang clan Gu Immortal immediately replied with a nervous expression: “Have you found traces of that demon Fang Yuan?”


 It turned out that the two rank seven Gu Immortals, Tie Qu Zhong and Shang Hu Zhang, were members deployed by Southern Border’s righteous path to hunt down Fang Yuan.


 Because of Lu Wei Yin, the group that chased after Fang Yuan had always been consistently following his tracks, finding new clues from time to time.


 This time, the immortals went to the southeast of Southern Border, due to Lu Wei Yin’s suggestion, rank eight time path Gu Immortal Xia Cha ordered the Gu Immortals to work together and search for new clues.


 Shang Hu Zhang and Tie Qu Zhong were one of such pairs.


 Tie Qu Zhong smiled lightly: “No need to be worried, I just wanted to ask about the white steel extract.”


 Shang Hu Zhang heard this and relaxed, he smiled too: “So you want to create a white steel extract resource point to feed your edge Gu. This is not hard, Shang clan can assist with that, but the price...”


 Both sides negotiated for a while, Shang clan eventually fought for a price that was not too low, while Tie Qu Zhong made up his mind and gritted his teeth as he agreed.


 After succeeding in the transaction, Shang Hu Zhang’s smile widened, he praised: “Friend Qu Zhong, you want to create the resource point, it is truly wise. Even though the investment is expensive, in the long term, it will save you a huge amount.”


 “Indeed, like how I bought dragonfish this time to replace a portion of the white steel extract, if I do this every time, the expenditure is huge.” Tie Qu Zhong sighed.


 Shang Hu Zhang’s gaze suddenly flickered: “Dragonfish? To speak the truth, our Shang clan has a dragonfish stall in treasure yellow heaven too. Not only do we sell ordinary dragonfish, we also have copper dragonfish. Sigh, friend, you should have told me earlier, I would be able to give you discounts.”


 Tie Qu Zhong chuckled: “Shang clan is also in the dragonfish business?”


 “Our Shang clan is interested in any kind of business. Friend Tie Qu Zhong, you also know that the biggest seller of dragonfish now is Fang Yuan! Come, come, I’ll introduce you to the stall, it is run by one of us. Trading with outsiders will lead to their growth after all.” Shang Hu Zhang said with an earnest tone.


 Tie Qu Zhong had to thank him profusely but he felt unmoved on the inside.


 Even though Shang clan gave discounts, the price of the dragonfish was still quite high. And this stall only sold copper dragonfish, there were no silver dragonfish here.


 Fang Yuan killed Qin Bai He and You Chan, obtaining the number one spot in the dragonfish business. Fairy Zi Wei obviously knew about this, she had exposed Fang Yuan’s information in treasure yellow heaven earlier, other than great thief ghost hand and other methods, the dragonfish business was also exposed.


 Thus, the Gu Immortals of the entire world knew that Fang Yuan was the current number one seller of the dragonfish business in treasure yellow heaven.


 And naturally, he attracted the ‘envy and jealousy’ of these Gu Immortals.


 There was naturally an impact dealt, but the actual loss to his dragonfish business profits were marginal and inconsequential.


 Copper dragonfish had already been replicated, but the cost of production was much higher than Fang Yuan. This made his competitors’ copper dragonfish much more expensive and unable to compete with Fang Yuan.


 Other than that, silver dragonfish was exclusive to Fang Yuan, currently, Gu Immortals interested in the dragonfish business could not create it yet. This was a huge advantage for Fang Yuan.


 With these two elements, Fang Yuan’s number one spot in the dragonfish business could not be taken away.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was not going to sell dragonfish using just one identity. He opened many stalls and created the scene of many Gu Immortals replicating his silver dragonfish, selling these for huge profits every day.


 “But even so, my immortal essence stones are dwindling rapidly.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Repairing Dang Hun Mountain used a lot of immortal essence, and immortal essence was converted from immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan’s huge expenditure was far beyond his immortal aperture’s production speed.


 However, the good news was that due to his full investment, Dang Hun Mountain was now sixty percent repaired, the soul path dao marks reached a qualitative change and could now produce guts Gu again.


 But the production of guts Gu was terribly little, Fang Yuan needed to continue repairing Dang Hun Mountain.


 “Dragonfish business has too much profits, not only would many forces and Gu Immortals interfere, Heavenly Court would definitely try to suppress me. But currently, silver dragonfish is too hard to create, while ordinary dragonfish, iron dragonfish, and copper dragonfish have expensive methods of production that cannot match mine.”


 In time, Fang Yuan’s advantage would continue to dwindle, especially after Heavenly Court obtains Spectral Soul’s food path inheritance from soul searching, his dragonfish business would definitely face a huge challenge.


 Fang Yuan knew this, he needed new sources of income.


 The dragonfish business would not last long while guts Gu was exposed already, even though it was a monopoly, because the plans in green ghost desert was halted, Fang Yuan lacked souls to mass produce guts Gu.


 Even though Fang Yuan had started his preparation, like the snow monsters and spirit snakes, these were not very profitable businesses.


 Especially when Fang Yuan planned to refine time path Immortal Gu.


 Time cutting edge needed specific time path Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan thought about it and decided to give it a try. After all, the original time cutting edge had incredible attack power and prospects, Fang Yuan did not want to give up.


 “Oh?” At this moment, Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 At the next moment, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals appeared around him, encircling him.


 The leader was an old woman, it was the time path rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha, she smiled coldly at Fang Yuan: “Scoundrel Fang Yuan, you have finally fallen into my hands.”


 “Lord Lu Wei Yin is truly incredible, we found this demon at last!” Shang Hu Zhang laughed loudly.


 “Kill, kill this demon and eliminate all future threats!” Tie Qu Zhong said loudly with deep killing intent.


 Heavenly Court’s spy Liu Hao had a grim expression, fixed space Immortal Gu was ready to activate in his immortal aperture, this Gu could counter Fixed Immortal Travel and prevent it from being used in a certain area.


 Lu Wei Yin was silent, he wore his conical hat that covered his expression entirely.


 Fang Yuan laughed instead: “You guys are too slow but you came after all, my planning was not in vain.”


 Southern Border’s immortals were originally very excited, but upon hearing this, the atmosphere changed.


 Xia Cha squinted as cold light flashed in her eyes: “Hmph, little scoundrel, you still want to deceive us when you are going to die?”


 “That’s right, he must be putting up a front! Lady Xia Cha has acted personally to conceal our traces.” Someone shouted.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Of course I did not sense your presence, however, I could sense your deductions. Why do you think I purposely stayed in Southern Border, leaving behind clues and allowing you to make deductions on me?”


 At the next moment, there was a loud sound as a formation activated!



***
Chapter 1601 - Years Flow Execution Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The surrounding space became sealed, heaven and earth were fused at once, this was an area of blue space.


 The Southern Border immortals’ expressions changed.


 “This is a trap!” Someone shouted.


 Many people were flustered.


 Lu Wei Yin was silent, while Xia Cha’s gaze became increasingly cold, she stared at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 Fang Yuan’s smile gradually faded, turning into an expressionless face as he looked at these Southern Border Gu Immortals like he was a mighty deity.


 In the past, when Eastern Sea’s wisdom path genius Hua An made deductions on him, Fang Yuan did a reverse deduction and found out about Hua An’s identity. And now, when these Southern Border Gu Immortals chased after Fang Yuan, they were also exposed to him!


 Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, how could he fall to their schemes so easily? He made himself bait to lure these Gu Immortals into a trap.


 “Stay calm! We have strength in numbers, what can just Fang Yuan do?”


 “That’s right, we have Lady Xia Cha and Lord Lu Wei Yin, we are not afraid of his immortal battlefield!”


 “This immortal battlefield does not seem to be yama battlefield.”


 “Of course, his yama battlefield has already been broken by Central Continent, the video is still playing in treasure yellow heaven, how can he still use it?”


 Southern Border’s immortals were brilliant figures, they soon calmed down and regained their morale.


 At this time, Lu Wei Yin spoke: “This is not an immortal battlefield, it is a super immortal formation.”


 “Time path formation.” Xia Cha added.


 “Both of you are very perceptive.” Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded.


 Among Fang Yuan’s immortal battlefields, the strongest were purple star broken life and yama battlefield. The former was used to kill Qin Bai He and You Chan, while the latter had trapped Feng Jiu Ge and kept him in a desperate situation.


 But both were rank seven, they could not trap the rank eight Gu Immortals Xia Cha and Lu Wei Yin. Thus, Fang Yuan chose an immortal formation.


 Immortal formations and immortal battlefields were different.


 The Gu worms used for immortal battlefields were usually left on the Gu Immortal, and they would create an isolated environment for fighting. Meanwhile, for immortal formations, Gu worms remained in the outside world. Most immortal formations were defensive internally and offensive externally, Fang Yuan’s time path formation had the effect of isolating the formation space, so that he could kill his enemies.


 Boom boom boom!


 Explosions occurred and continued unceasingly.


 “Since this is an immortal formation, we can find the formation cores and destroy them to break this formation!” Some Gu Immortals were impatient, they started to attack and probe this formation.


 But after a while, they found something amiss. The killer moves that burst out like fireworks were all extinguished without showing much effect.


 Tie Qu Zhong’s expression changed, he shouted to remind them: “Everyone be careful, this formation is already active.”


 “It is indeed a time path method to accelerate our killer moves and make them reach the time limit, causing them to fade away themselves.” Liu Hao said in a dark tone.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals’ attacks halted, they started to change their methods.


 Chai clan’s Gu Immortal puffed up his cheeks and blew out orange-red flames, they continued to spread out even when there was nothing to burn.


 Qiao clan’s Gu Immortal placed his palms together as large pieces of ice started to gather and sweep everywhere.


 These methods were continuous and did not have much of a time limit.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold, he watched these Southern Border Gu Immortals attack without stopping them.


 At the next moment, the time path formation shook as the flames, ice, and other attacks all became slow.


 The Gu Immortals who were attacking felt their hearts sinking.


 “This immortal formation is so responsive, there must be people controlling it.”


 “Who can it be? It must be Shadow Sect’s remaining members!”


 The immortals conversed.


 As they had expected, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, and Ying Wu Xie were all in charge of one formation core each, they were manipulating this time path formation to kill the Southern Border immortals.


 Earlier, during the battle of Lang Ya, they were not strong enough to participate, but against these Southern Border pursuers, they were adequate.


 Southern Border’s immortals went against Ying Wu Xie and the rest, while Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, and Xia Cha remained watching. The surrounding Gu Immortals subconsciously left some space for the three of them.


 Fang Yuan’s attention was on these two rank eight Gu Immortals. He knew clearly that these two would strike with a terrifying power the moment they attacked!


 Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha did not act, but they were starting to investigate Fang Yuan’s immortal formation.


 Lu Wei Yin was slightly frowning, he cultivated earth path, even though he could relate it to other paths, this time path formation was too intrinsic and brilliant, someone unfamiliar with it like him could not see through it easily.


 But Xia Cha was a time path great grandmaster, she could see more things than Lu Wei Yin. However, Fang Yuan’s time path formation did not just have time path in it, it was also a formation path product!


 Xia Cha’s formation path was only at ordinary attainment level.


 If Fang Yuan took out a time path killer move, Xia Cha could easily understand it, but the time path formation had this layer of added difficulty, making it an obstacle for Xia Cha.


 “Sect leader, we’re ready!” At this time, Ying Wu Xie suddenly transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he replied: “Then let them all in.”


 Saying so, his figure faded in front of Lu Wei Yin’s and Xia Cha’s very eyes.


 Howl—!


 Right after he vanished, beast howls could be heard everywhere.


 Howl! Howl! Howl! Howl! Gah!


 At the next moment, a chain of wild beast cries started to resonate with each other.


 A huge spiral formed from nothingness as countless year beasts charged out like a rushing tide.


 These year beasts were of various forms, including monkey, snake, dragon, and tiger, they were all at least desolate beasts and even quite a few ancient desolate beasts among them.


 In the formation space, other than year beasts, there were only the Southern Border immortals.


 Wild year beasts did not have high intelligence, they soon directed their savage gazes towards the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they charged ahead.


 “Kill them all.” Xia Cha said indifferently.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed.


 The Southern Border immortals turned around and started to fight these year beasts.


 Liu Hao waved his sleeves as countless flying blades shot out, slicing year beasts into pieces wherever they hit.


 “It seems that there is a tributary of the River of Time here, Fang Yuan is trying the same method again, he used a similar formation back when he fought Feng Jiu Ge, the resemblance is uncanny!”


 Fang Yuan had once used the flood discharge formation to send Feng Jiu Ge into the River of Time, but now, this formation was the combination of three formations, creating years flow execution formation.


 Firstly, Shadow Sect had used the dense time path natural dao marks to create the immortal formation. This formation concealed the existence of the tributary of the River of Time, this made the Southern Border immortals unable to sense it.


 Secondly was the flood discharge formation, it could connect to the tributary of the River of Time.


 And finally, the immemorial year beast fishing formation! Fang Yuan used the rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water to create this formation, he could summon year beasts from the River of Time to fight against the Southern Border immortals.


 Originally, Fang Yuan did not have the ability to do this, but after his time path attainment level reached grandmaster, his final insufficiencies to complete this were eliminated.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path and time path were grandmaster, he also had Hei Fan’s true inheritance and Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, with the help of the light of wisdom, he could deduce this super immortal formation and create this huge formation naturally!


 “Kill!” Ba clan’s Gu Immortal shouted as his body inflated to a giant size, he stomped as bloody water splattered, he had directly stomped an ancient year beast to death.


 Puff! A great fire spread out and set dozens of year beasts on fire, Chai clan’s Gu Immortal was bathed in flames, resembling a divine general.


 Tie Qu Zhong was silent, his hands moved rapidly as golden light shot out with immense sharpness, splitting year beasts into halves easily like tofu.


 “Demon Fang Yuan, we have to thank you for such a huge amount of wealth. Hahaha!” Shang Hu Zhang laughed as he used his wood path killer move, trapping the surrounding year beasts and keeping them in his immortal aperture.


 These desolate level year beasts and ancient year beasts had wild mortal Gu but no Immortal Gu in them, against the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they were disadvantaged and easily slaughtered.


 After all, these Southern Border Gu Immortals chasing after Fang Yuan were all powerful experts in their clan, they had at least rank seven cultivation level and were not ordinary at all. This result was to be expected.


 Fang Yuan was still cold and calm, he had a faint smile and cold light in his eyes. This situation was within his deductions, the battle had just begun.


 Howl...


 Year beasts continued to stream into the formation, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were fighting against them tirelessly, but the year beasts just kept coming!


 “Why are there so many?!”


 “This demon Fang Yuan is trying to exhaust us!”


 “Breaking apart this formation is the way to victory.”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals conversed, they could tell what this battle was about. But they had no way of distracting themselves to do that.


 Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha were the most likely people to break the formation.


 Caw caw!


 At this time, the spiral suddenly expanded drastically as an arrogant year beast stepped into the battlefield.


 A rank eight level immemorial year beast had finally been lured over.


 The Southern Border immortals were shocked, Lu Wei Yin wanted to act but Tie Qu Zhong stood up: “Let us deal with it, both lords need to break open this formation, that is the wisest move!”


 Tie Qu Zhong and several Southern Border rank seven experts faced off against the immemorial year rooster. They were powerful rank seven Gu Immortals after all, by working together, they could resist the immemorial year rooster for now.


 “There is a formation core here.” Suddenly, Xia Cha’s eyes flashed as she pointed her finger, the rank eight killer move activated as profound light shot out, causing a huge sound. The formation shook thrice before it stabilized.


 The Southern Border immortals were overjoyed, there was a formation core indeed, Xia Cha destroyed it according to everyone’s expectations.


 Fang Yuan snickered, muttering: “The formation’s true power starts now.”


 The formation core was destroyed, a second spiral entrance appeared as large numbers of year beasts rushed in.


 The immortals’ expressions turned to shock.


 Roar!


 With a loud roar, an immemorial year tiger jumped into the battlefield.


 “Let me.” Lu Wei Yin moved for the first time, he grabbed with one hand, as a huge yellow hand formed and grasped the immemorial year tiger, preventing it from escaping despite its struggles.



***
Chapter 1602 - Spring Scissors


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Southern Border immortals had a surge of morale, while Shadow Sect’s members had twitching eyelids, their expressions were dark.


 Lu Wei Yin was indeed Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he managed to subdue a fierce immemorial year tiger in one move. Even though he had no attacking methods, this move was unfathomable and made people feel great admiration towards him.


 Hiss hiss hiss...


 An immemorial year snake dragged its thick and long body while hissing as it slithered out of the spiral entrance into the battlefield.


 A third immemorial year beast!


 This time, be it Lu Wei Yin or Xia Cha, their expressions changed.


 Because this immemorial year snake had the aura of wild Immortal Gu in it. This immemorial year snake was much more dangerous than the previous two immemorial year beasts.


 And most importantly, at this rate, a fourth or fifth immemorial year beast might appear without much doubt.


 “What formation is this!” Qiao clan’s Gu Immortal shouted, feeling deep pressure.


 The other rank seven Gu Immortals all had heavy hearts, they were no longer as relaxed as before.


 “I’ll do it.” At the crucial moment, Lu Wei Yin stood out again, facing the immemorial year snake.


 But this time, he was very vigilant, before he probed what the Immortal Gu in the immemorial year snake’s body were, he was not going to act rashly.


 “Kill!” Southern Border’s Gu Immortals shouted as they emitted strong killing intent.


 The year beasts roared as they bore their fangs and claws.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals whipped up a bloody storm, countless year beasts died, but without destroying the spiral entrances, year beasts continued to pour into the formation unceasingly.


 The year beasts kept coming, as the battle continued, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals felt their conditions slipping as some started to get injured.


 “There are too many year beasts, this formation must have been heavily modified, the year beast numbers far exceed the ones from Feng Jiu Ge’s battle.” Liu Hao was secretly shocked, he had some deductions from Heavenly Court, but he did not know how to hand them over. After all, he was not a time path or formation path Gu Immortal.


 “This damned formation, we must destroy it for a chance of victory!”


 “Actually, as long as we destroy a portion of it, we will be able to send out information and get reinforcements from our righteous path allies.”


 The Southern Border immortals knew how to deal with the situation, but they lacked methods to do so. This years flow execution formation was deduced by Fang Yuan after his time path attainment level rose, how could it be broken so easily?


 “This time path formation is truly profound...” Xia Cha frowned, after finding the first formation core, she could not find the second one.


 “The formation is complete and flawless. My formation path attainment is too low, maybe I should go all out and make this formation unable to handle the attack, I can create a flaw myself!” Xia Cha’s killing intent surged.


 She was Xia clan’s first supreme elder, a time path great expert, she was an extremely proud expert, she was getting impatient after Fang Yuan’s scheme trapped her here.


 Lu Wei Yin could sense Xia Cha’s intention as he quickly urged: “Don’t fall into the demon’s trap. Fang Yuan is very devious, even Heavenly Court cannot capture him. Shadow Sect had obtained Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage before, even though it was destroyed, many of the Immortal Gu were left in their hands. If you attack with your full strength, you might fall into Fang Yuan’s trap, he would use it against you.”


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s signature method was to seal the enemy’s attack and send it back at them.


 Lu Wei Yin spoke earnestly and wisely, even Fang Yuan raised his brows. Even though he was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, his deductions were accurate, this years flow execution formation used almost all of Fang Yuan’s time path Immortal Gu, the Immortal Gu in Hei Fan’s true inheritance were used as the cores while Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s Immortal Gu were used the supplement them.


 Xia Cha listened to him and breathed in deeply, she snorted coldly and looked towards the immemorial year rooster in the battlefield.


 The immemorial year rooster was being attacked by a group of Southern Border immortals. They were all rank seven and had powerful killer moves, but against the immemorial year rooster, their attacks were simply like light scratches.


 The immemorial year rooster had rank eight battle strength, it also had a sturdy body and could not be harmed by the Southern Border immortals even if they tried.


 But when Xia Cha’s gaze turned to the immemorial year rooster, it felt a strong threat as it raised its head, breaking away from the Southern Border immortals and charging at her.


 “A mere beast.” Xia Cha laughed from anger, aura of many Gu worms burst out of her body, forming into an immortal killer move.


 A pair of scissors that was jade green in color and large as an elephant flew towards the immemorial year rooster’s neck as it clipped.


 The immemorial year rooster felt no pain, it endured the move that felt like spring, as a warm wind was blowing, the sun was bright, the grass and flowers emitted fragrance that spread to everyone’s noses.


 After a momentary daze, the immemorial year rooster’s neck had a deep cut as blood spewed out of it like a fountain.


 THe immemorial year rooster shuddered, its vicious nature was triggered as it raised its speed, moving towards Xia Cha.


 Xia Cha did not dodge, right before the immemorial year rooster hit her, she vanished like a bursting bubble.


 Next, the jade green scissors flew towards the immemorial year rooster’s head again, clipping at its neck.


 Xia Cha vanished entirely, the immemorial year rooster’s attention was lured to the jade green scissors, both sides fought relentlessly.


 “This is Xia Cha’s spring scissors, it is truly powerful and extraordinary.” Fang Yuan who was hidden watched the battle closely, upon seeing this result, the relevant information appeared in his mind.


 Xia Cha had a set of killer moves, four in total, spring scissors was just one of them. Undeniably, this was a rank eight offensive killer move, it was extremely sharp and even the immemorial year rooster’s sturdy body could not protect it from the sharp scissors.


 Fang Yuan was secretly envious.


 This was something he needed the most now.


 Spectral Soul’s true inheritance had rank eight time path killer moves too, but Fang Yuan lacked the necessary rank eight Immortal Gu. Even if he modified them and used rank six or seven Immortal Gu as replacement, the power could not reach rank eight.


 Fang Yuan’s sole rank eight time path Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water, had several killer moves in Hei Fan true inheritance that used it as the core. For example, year beast summoning, unlucky year and others.


 Rank eight year beast summoning could summon immemorial year beasts to fight for Fang Yuan.


 And unlucky year that used Years Flow Like Water as the core could mimic luck path’s effect using time path. But both were not attacks like spring scissors, it had an immediate impact in battle.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could only place his attention on time cutting edge.


 Caw caw!


 The immemorial year rooster had no wild Immortal Gu, it could not rival Xia Cha’s spring scissors, it was injured all over its body as it cried out in pain.


 Xia Cha had only used one move, but she managed to heavily injure an immemorial year beast, it showed how powerful she was.


 “As expected of the person holding the greatest authority in Xia clan! Such strength is already on the level of Heavenly Court’s members.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Seeing that the immemorial year rooster was about to die in Xia Cha’s hands, the formation activated, the immemorial year rooster vanished on the spot.


 “Submit to me.” Behind the scenes, Fang Yuan targeted this weakened immemorial year rooster as he used his overbearing enslavement path method, the immemorial year rooster had no choice but to lower its head, submitting to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan successfully obtained the immemorial year rooster.


 He helped the year beasts to fight the Southern Border pursuers while also using the Southern Border pursuers to weaken the year beasts so he could enslave them.


 This old method had already been used back in Western Desert when Heavenly Court pursued him.


 But repetitive methods were not a problem as long as they worked.


 She was about to kill the immemorial year rooster and obtain all of its rank eight immortal materials that were worth a fortune, but to think that it would vanish on the spot.


 Many of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals scolded angrily while Xia Cha’s expression turned dark, but she smiled at once: “You finally exposed a flaw, so what if you get a few immemorial year beasts?”


 It turned out that Fang Yuan’s formation would not be exposed if he only transported year beasts. But once he moved the immemorial year rooster, the formation would have to be shifted and that would give Xia Cha an opportunity to learn more about it.


 As expected, not long after, she found the second formation core and destroyed it.


 But the Southern Border immortals’ cheering did not last long, after the formation core was destroyed, it turned into a spiral entrance that transported more year beasts inside.


 “How can this be?” The Southern Border immortals were stunned.



***
Chapter 1603 - Summer Fan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 More and more year beasts entered the battlefield, fighting against the Southern Border immortals.


 As time passed, the conditions of the Southern Border immortals continued to slip unconsciously.


 They were about to puke from killing these year beasts, it was simply never going to end. The killer moves prepared for Fang Yuan and the cooperation between Gu Immortals were all used on these year beasts, they were truly helpless and tired beyond belief.


 Years flow execution formation was made of three formations, while the tributary of the River of Time here was huge and had the support of Fang Yuan and the rest, the great power made these immortals feel great pressure.


 A moment later, even Lu Wei Yin was panting roughly. Not only was he facing two immemorial year beasts alone, he was also secretly helping the rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Whenever one immemorial year beast lost, Fang Yuan would take it away and enslave it. But soon, a new immemorial year beast would be lured into the battlefield.


 Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha faced huge pressure consistently, the battle was intense.


 But they still made great progress. During this period of time, Xia Cha found two more formation cores and destroyed them. These two formation cores did not turn into new spiral entrances, the current years flow execution formation could only sustain three spiral entrances, this was its limit.


 This intense battle lasted for an entire day.


 Fang Yuan gained seven immemorial year beasts, while Xia Cha destroyed nine formation cores.


 The entire years flow execution formation was already shaking, it was no longer as sturdy as before.


 “The time is now.” Fang Yuan snickered as he finally acted.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 A sinister hand whipped up eerie winds as it flew out of an ancient year beast’s mouth. Tie Qu Zhong was caught off guard, he lost an Immortal Gu to this huge hand.


 “My rank seven edge Gu!” He coughed out a mouthful of blood, his killer move failed and the backlash made him heavily injured. However, he felt greater pain from the loss of his rank seven edge Gu, Fang Yuan had stolen it away!


 “Hahaha, not bad, not bad at all, it’s edge Gu after all.” Fang Yuan laughed in happiness, this edge Gu was what he needed now, it was one of the core Immortal Gu of the killer move time cutting edge.


 “Friend from Tie clan, hold on, I will save you!” Shang Hu Zhang and the rest saw that Tie Qu Zhong was attacked, they quickly forced their way past the year beasts to reinforce him.


 Fang Yuan was hidden behind the scenes, laughing to himself coldly.


 He did not kill Tie Qu Zhong, he wanted their reinforcement.


 “Oh no!”


 “This is an ambush!”


 “We were tricked!!”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals who came to help were all attacked, they were robbed by the great thief ghost hands that stole multiple Immortal Gu.


 “Everyone be careful, some of these year beasts are enslaved by Fang Yuan, they are very dangerous!!” Shang Hu Zhang had no time to mourn over the loss of his Immortal Gu, he was sweating from shock as he quickly shouted.


 If this was the start of the battle and the Southern Border immortals had their full battle strength, great thief ghost hand would not be able to get close. But now, they were exhausted and their battle strength fell drastically, their attentiveness had also fallen, Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand was finally usable.


 Great thief ghost hand was concealed to begin with, while Fang Yuan had schemed and placed many ghost hands inside the ancient year beasts’ mouths.


 The Southern Border immortals were all extremely alarmed by this and wary, they started to attack more frequently and stayed guarded, any year beast that tried to get close would be attacked before they reached.


 At once, Southern Border’s side gained the advantage again.


 Fang Yuan remained calm, no longer taking overt action.


 Soon, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals experienced a fall in battle strength again, they had fought for too long, they could not sustain that intense offense for long.


 Fang Yuan waited for his chance before acting again.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were hit again, multiple Immortal Gu were stolen by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could only use one great thief ghost hand at a time, but inside the years flow execution formation, he could use the formation to summon three at once.


 It was unlike an immortal battlefield like purple star broken life where great thief ghost hand would be suppressed by the environment, this formation space had no dao marks, great thief ghost hand would not be strengthened but it could display its usual power at least.


 The killer move unlucky year had already been used with years flow execution formation, Fang Yuan’s luck was too dominant, when these Southern Border Gu Immortals had their Immortal Gu stolen, most were the cores of their killer moves, or those that Fang Yuan needed.


 After another round of stealing, several Southern Border Gu Immortals faced the backlash of their killer moves and suffered deep injuries.


 But regrettably, Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha had impeccable defenses, they destroyed the two great thief ghost hands targeted at them. They even had the energy to help the other rank seven Gu Immortals, especially Lu Wei Yin, even without an offensive method, he was extremely skilled at defending the other Gu Immortals. If not for him, there would be Gu Immortals dying already.


 Fang Yuan did not use lead soul into dream now.


 Lead soul into dream had already been known for a while, the Gu Immortals of the five regions were guarded against it. And most importantly, if the move activation failed, Fang Yuan would be dragged into the dream, thus, he had been very careful about using it.


 Unless he did it like Ying Wu Xie, using the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique to use this move. In that case, even if he failed, there would not be any problems.


 There were no invincible killer moves, they would gradually get countered. Great thief ghost hand was going to face the same problem eventually, unless Fang Yuan modified it as time passed.


 But now, great thief ghost hand had been used far less than lead soul into dream, with the help of the killer move unlucky year, the Southern Border immortals in their poor states were susceptible to great thief ghost hand, turning the situation towards Fang Yuan’s favor.


 But at this moment, Xia Cha suddenly shouted: “Break!”


 The winds around her whipped like a storm, lightning crackled, these illusions condensed into a huge fan that she held in her hands.


 Xia Cha waved her fan as Fang Yuan grunted, his seven orifices bled as the formation core that he was at broke apart, exposing his location. He was the one controlling the formation and manipulating three great thief ghost hands, while also enslaving immemorial year beasts and arranging the year beast army, his remaining thoughts were not enough to activate reverse flow protection seal.


 Xia Cha waved towards her left, Bai Ning Bing felt a huge threat as she used the killer move Bai Xiang, before shattering from the impact of the killer move.


 Xia Cha waved towards her right, Lady White Rabbit could not dodge in time, the formation core shattered as her entire body burst into blood and flesh, she died!


 The battle had suddenly changed, the Southern Border immortals did not even have the time to cheer in reaction.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 After three waves, the years flow execution formation was about to break, Fang Yuan and the rest were injured, Xia Cha breathed roughly as the dimmed fan in her hands lit up again.


 If she waved it again, Fang Yuan and the rest would lose for sure.


 “To think that Xia Cha had already deduced the years flow execution formation so deeply. She could clearly destroy a few more formation cores earlier, but she controlled herself and attacked with a devastating blow at once. If I did not use great thief ghost hand and threatened them, she might not have used this method!” Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 Xia Cha’s performance exceeded the contents of Shadow Sect’s information, her time path attainment level was perhaps not just great grandmaster! It was possible that she had formation path attainment level too, but nobody knew about it. How could the foundation of a rank eight Gu Immortal be so easily exposed?


 This years flow execution formation was a true rank eight immortal formation, Fang Yuan used it to trap the Southern Border pursuers, including two rank eights, Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha.


 This was the specialty of formation path.


 As long as the formation was set up, it could fight against many enemies, and allow the Gu Immortal to display above average battle strength.


 But formation path’s weakness was that once the formation becomes clear to the enemy, they would destroy it and that would cause the Gu Immortal controlling it to face huge backlashes. They might even get heavily injured or die.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was facing this crisis. If the formation broke apart, his injuries would be unimaginable. Even if he used reverse flow protection seal now, it would be very awkward. The reflected damage would go to the Gu worms that made the formation, he would basically lose them.


 The formation space was already breaking apart, the Southern Border immortals could see the Gu worms surrounding them with their naked eyes.


 “Fang Yuan, it is time to die!” Liu Hao shouted in excitement, at this moment, he used fixed space Immortal Gu.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan got hit and could not use Fixed Immortal Travel in this area.


 “Escape, but even if you run to the River of Time, I can kill you there.” Xia Cha waved her fan as she smiled proudly.


 “Escape? Why would I escape?” Even in this desperate situation, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with an eerie light.


 The Southern Border immortals were stunned, at the next moment, the ancient year beasts around them turned stiff as rocks, dream realms swept out like huge gusts of wind from their bodies, quickly covering the area.


 The Southern Border immortals were shocked, they tried to dodge.


 Even Xia Cha’s eyelids were twitching, she quickly waved her fan.


 But this powerful immortal killer move was useless and completely ineffective against the dream realms.


 Some tried to escape in a panic, but the formation had not broken apart yet, the immortals were still trapped in this immortal formation.


 The dream realms quickly closed up as Xia Cha, Lu Wei Yin, and the rest were trapped, before it extended to the surroundings and started to corrode the years flow execution formation.


 Soon, the entire years flow execution formation was submerged by dream realms, it lost its use immediately.


 The noisy battlefield turned silent all of a sudden.


 Even those year beasts were affected by the dream realms and fell asleep.


 “This is the power of dream path!” Fairy Miao Yin gasped in amazement.


 “No wonder almost all forces want to explore and research on the dream realm.” Bai Ning Bing recovered already, in Bai Xiang form, she could regenerate with even a tiny fragment.


 It was a pity that Lady White Rabbit had died in this battle.


 One skill to dominate the world.


 Dream path was a brand new path, it was like theft path, transformation path, and luck path back then, when they were first created, they were nearly unstoppable. During this period of time, existing paths were unlikely to have measures that could counter or resist it.



***
Chapter 1604 - Captives


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The mountains were filled with lush forests, the sky was clear and cloudless.


 A strange light suddenly made its appearance, it then dimmed and turned into a strange tall man.


 This person had a pair of thin white brows that extended towards the outer sides of his face. The pair of eyes under the snowy brows were closed. He was dressed in white clothes that was not stained by even a single speck of dust, the robe as well his skin and hair all released a faint trace of radiance.


 This radiance was not glaring, but made him appear divine.


 This person was Jun Shen Guang, a rank eight Gu Immortal who cultivated light path, and was a supreme elder of one of the ten great ancient sects in Central Continent. He had recently been recruited into Heavenly Court by Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Liu Hao disappeared here.” Jun Shen Guang’s eyes were closed, but he seemed to be able to see the outside world clearly.


 Shortly, he found many traces of battle.


 “This does not look good for Liu Hao. There was definitely a fierce battle here, unfortunately Liu Hao did not even send any request for reinforcements. Was it an immortal formation or an immortal battlefield?”


 Jun Shen Guang frowned with a heavy expression.


 Liu Hao was a spy of Heavenly Court put in Southern Border’s forces with the help of Wu clan. He held fixed space Immortal Gu which specially targeted Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel.


 As for Jun Shen Guang, he was backup arranged by Fairy Zi Wei. If Southern Border’s Gu Immortals fought Fang Yuan and made him escape with heavy injuries, Jun Shen Guang, who specialized in tracking methods, would be Fang Yuan’s fatal assassin.


 “The Southern Border team who is chasing after Fang Yuan consists of experts from their respective clans. Most of them are rank seven experts, they can preserve their lives even when facing an immemorial desolate beast.”


 Tie clan’s Tie Qu Zhong had impressive battle achievements in the current Southern Border Gu Immortal world, and was known as Great Sir Tie! When he made his debut, he had captured and killed over ten demonic path Gu Immortals. Southern Border’s demonic immortals trembled at his name.


 Shang clan’s Shang Hu Zhang cultivated transformation path and wood path, and had methods to make the two paths not conflict with each other, much like Thunder Ghost True Monarch. His methods were complex and comprehensive, he was a peak rank seven expert of Shang clan!


 Yang clan’s Yang Ku was one of the peak representative experts of soul path in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. He had once destroyed the nest of a herd of ancient desolate beasts by himself, and had successfully escaped from the pursuit of an immemorial desolate beast.


 These rank seven Gu Immortals could be said to be elites of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, any one of them was a trump card expert of their force.


 “Not to mention this group also has the current Paradise Earth inheritor Lu Wei Yin, as well as Xia clan’s first supreme elder Xia Cha!”


 These two did not need to be explained, they were both rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Jun Shen Guang heaved a deep sigh.


 It was because of this grand team that Jun Shen Guang had been at ease. Even if they fought Fang Yuan, Jun Shen Guang would have enough time to quietly sneak closer.


 Jun Shen Guang had been wary of Lu Wei Yin’s and Xia Cha’s methods, being worried they would discover him and create a misunderstanding. So he had been following from far behind without daring to come closer.


 “Two rank eights as well as several rank seven experts, they had all done enough preparation and had all kinds of methods to target Fang Yuan, yet they still lost! And this was not just a loss, it was a complete defeat.”


 Jun Shen Guang repeatedly shook his head.


 “Fang Yuan should have made use of dream realms!” Soon, his gaze landed on the only small dream realm in the battlefield, becoming even more certain of his guess: “Besides using dream realms, Fang Yuan’s other methods, no matter how much incisive they are, cannot create such a result. Hmm?”


 Just as Jun Shen Guang was carefully inspecting the battlefield, he suddenly looked towards the south.


 There was no one in the boundless clear sky.


 But in Jun Shen Guang’s investigative range, an Immortal Gu House was rushing over.


 Jun Shen Guang did not need to identify the aura to know that these were Southern Border natives.


 The Immortal Gu House was extremely fast, but it would still take a short while to reach here. Jun Shen Guang knew he had to use this time to quickly leave this place.


 Because this Immortal Gu House had a great reputation and Southern Border Gu Immortals had many strange investigative killer moves, if they discovered Jun Shen Guang, there was definitely going to be a misunderstanding.


 Not long after Jun Shen Guang disappeared, the Immortal Gu House arrived.


 This Immortal Gu House was not glorious or grand, and looked just like a bamboo building from outside.


 This bamboo building had two stories, made entirely out of bamboo, there were even bamboo leaves growing on the bamboos, drops of dew were dripping down from the leaves, green as jade.


 It was the awe-inspiring rank eight Immortal Gu House — Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building!


 Wu Yong had used this Immortal Gu House to retaliate and firmly stabilize Wu clan’s position as the number one force.


 The bamboo building’s entrance opened from which a rank eight Gu Immortal flew out.


 This person was a middle aged man with an ordinary appearance, but had a well-built body. His sharp eyebrows were slightly raised, giving him a dark and hazy aura. But his actions were full of a mighty prestige that no one could neglect.


 He was Wu Yong, Wu clan’s current first supreme elder.


 Another person flew out right after Wu Yong.


 This person was old but energetic. He had deep, dark eyes and his cheekbones were protruding out. He also emitted rank eight aura. He was Chi clan’s first supreme elder Chi Qu You.


 With the two rank eight Gu Immortals at the lead, several rank seven Gu Immortals rushed out of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building. They came from various clans, and every one of them had an anxious expression.


 “They disappeared here!” The Ba clan Gu Immortal’s expression was dark.


 “Quickly investigate what happened here. My clan cannot reach our first supreme elder.” Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were extremely anxious.


 Thereupon, all kinds of investigative killer moves were thrown out in succession, and in just a while, this place had been completely searched over dozens of times.


 Every person, including the two rank eight Gu Immortals, had a steely expression.


 “It looks like there was a tributary of the River of Time here.”


 “There was also a time path immortal level formation, the group rushed here then fought a very fierce battle!”


 “What is up with this dream realm?” Someone saw that remaining small dream realm left behind by Fang Yuan.


 Like Jun Shen Guang before, Southern Border immortals’ gaze was quickly attracted to this dream realm.


 Besides this dream realm, all other traces were removed by Fang Yuan, the remaining ones had no value. The only clue was this dream realm.


 “Be careful.” The Southern Border immortals gradually separated and encircled this small dream realm.


 “This dream realm is continuously shrinking.” Someone suddenly exclaimed.


 Shortly, the other immortals also noticed that the dream realm was indeed shrinking and quite rapidly at that.


 After a while, several Gu worms fell out of the shrinking dream realm.


 Southern Border Gu Immortals quickly caught and carefully inspected them.


 They found that these Gu worms were wild information path mortal Gu. Then they discovered that there were actually some messages left within these information path mortal Gu.


 The contents of the messages were simple, but it made the expressions of the Southern Border immortals rapidly change to that of extreme shock!


 “Friends of Southern Border, I am notifying you that your clansmen are in my, Fang Yuan’s, hands. If you want to redeem them, please wait for my message.”


 “This, this, this...” One person was tongue-tied, his whole body started trembling as he stammered while pointing at the information path mortal Gu in his hand.


 “Blatant lies! How can this be possible? Our organized team was actually captured by Fang Yuan? Hmph!” Someone fiercely shook their head, repeatedly denying this: “This must be a huge fraud!!!”


 “But none of us can contact any of those clansmen.” Someone retorted.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals fell into dead silence.


 They were so still that they looked like human shaped statues from afar.


 Wind blew, soft air blew the sleeves of the immortals.


 Chi Qu You’s white beard slightly shook in the wind.


 Wu Yong’s expression was ashen, he closed his eyes heavily and only after a long time, he opened them slowly.


 No matter how unimaginable it was, the truth was right in front of them!


 And the truth forced them to accept this cruel fact.


 Southern Border’s righteous path brought in many people to organize a troop of experts to specially chase and kill Fang Yuan, but not only were they unable to kill Fang Yuan, they were instead taken captive by Fang Yuan!


 Slap!


 This was like a fierce slap at these Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals’ faces. The slap stupefied them, while their cheeks started swelling rapidly.


 “When we discovered we were unable to contact Xia Cha and the rest, we hurriedly assembled a team and came to reinforce them, altogether it has only been a few hours. Lord Chi, do you think this is because of a time path formation?” Wu Yong suddenly broke the silence, his voice slightly hoarse.


 His words were vague, but others understood what Wu Yong’s meaning was.


 Chi Qu You slowly nodded, saying in a heavy voice: “We have already deduced the strength of Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect members, we even evaluated them carefully. Based on the battle strength of Xia Cha and the rest, it is impossible for them to be taken captive by Fang Yuan in such a short period of time. There is indeed a time path formation here, it is shockingly complex, being at rank eight level, far beyond ordinary.”


 Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster who was able to set up an immortal formation by using just the dao marks in the natural environment. Fang Yuan had cleaned up the battlefield, but it would not be possible for all the dao marks to be cleaned in such a short period of time, so there were still a large amount of time path dao marks remaining in the battlefield.


 Based on the movement and number of these time path dao marks, Chi Qu You was certain a time path formation had been set up in this place.


 Wu Yong nodded his head slightly: “That’s right. Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha are both rank eight immortals, it is not easy to restrain these two unless it was a rank nine immortal battlefield, either that or a rank eight level immortal formation. We rushed over, although we appeared quickly, a long period of time might have gone by in this time path formation.”


 A Shang clan Gu Immortal spoke at this time: “I remember that in treasure yellow heaven, Heavenly Court had exposed a formation of Fang Yuan that can be set up in a tributary of the River of Time to lure a huge amount of year beasts to fight.”


 Many Gu Immortals’ expressions became dark upon hearing these words.



***
Chapter 1605 - Imprisoning the Hostages


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 An approximate outline of the truth had manifested in the Southern Border immortals’ minds.


 “Among these year beasts, there are likely to be immemorial year beasts and not in a small number too. Fang Yuan indeed has the ability to battle the pursuing team with these year beasts. Moreover, this demon Fang Yuan has inherited Shadow Sect, he has countless true inheritances, constructing a time path formation that can trap our clansmen is within his capabilities.”


 Chi Qu You paused here before continuing with a frown: “It is just that I still don’t understand some things. If it was an immortal aperture which had been placed and hidden into one spot, it is normal for others to be unable to sense it. But can a time path formation be hidden so well? Both Xia Cha and Lu Wei Yin were unable to sense it?”


 Time path formations were not that good at concealment unlike phantom path, space path, or theft path.


 Xia Cha and the rest were trapped in the formation, and had to battle with immemorial year beasts before finally being taken captive because of the dream realms. This could be understood.


 However!


 The most unusual thing was at the very start. They actually did not discover and even directly rushed into Fang Yuan’s trap.


 Even Chi Qu You, a formation path great grandmaster, was bewildered.


 It was not that time path formations could not be concealed, it was just extremely difficult to conceal them to this degree, it would be much more difficult than space path, theft path, phantom path or other paths.


 Chi Qu You had never heard of such a time path immortal formation that could be concealed to such a degree that even two rank eight Gu Immortals could not sense it.


 “The dream realm has dissipated, wait a second, there is a person inside!” Someone exclaimed.


 Right at this time, the dream realm’s transformation broke the Southern Border immortals’ thoughts. This small dream realm that was left in the battlefield actually contained a person?


 Soon, this person’s appearance was revealed, he was Lu Wei Yin.


 He was holding his arms across his chest, his eyes were shut as if he was in a deep sleep, unmoving like a statue.


 But following the dream realm’s dissipation, he soon opened his eyes and regained clarity.


 “You...” Lu Wei Yin’s expression changed slightly when he saw Wu Yong and the rest, he then looked at his surroundings and blurted out: “Oh no!”


 “Lord Lu Wei Yin, please explain what in the world happened to all of you.”


 “Right! Did my clan’s Gu Immortals really fall into Fang Yuan’s hands?”


 “Wait a second, we cannot be sure of his identity yet.”


 The situation instantly became noisy from the discussions between the Southern Border immortals.


 “Let’s first verify his identity. Fang Yuan has familiar face and also has methods to quickly escape from dream realms.” Wu Yong said.


 Chi Qu You was silent, but his body moved slightly, trapping Lu Wei Yin with Wu Yong in the front and him at the back.


 Lu Wei Yin was slightly stunned before nodding: “Go ahead.”


 The Southern Border immortals had unique inspection methods. And for safety purposes, these methods were not limited to just one kind, they were complicated and varied.


 After a while, the expressions of Wu Yong and the rest softened a little. Lu Wei Yin verified his identity, he was the real deal and not Fang Yuan’s disguise.


 Lu Wei Yin then quickly informed them of what he encountered.


 After the Southern Border Gu Immortals learned of the information, their expressions became incomparably ashen, once again falling into deathly silence.


 Lu Wei Yin shook his head and sighed: “I am ashamed, I don’t have any offensive methods and could only watch the situation happen. If I did not possess special methods that can protect me in dream realms, I might also have fallen into Fang Yuan’s hands.”


 “Forget it for now, let’s return first.” Wu Yong took a deep glance at Lu Wei Yin, then his sleeves waved as he entered Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Not long after the Southern Border Gu Immortals left, a strange light shot towards the area, turning into Heavenly Court’s Jun Shen Guang.


 Jun Shen Guang inspected the traces in the battlefield and frowned after a while, mumbling: “This time path formation is extremely mysterious, looking at the traces of the dao marks, there are no dao marks of phantom path, space path, or theft path. It is not a combined immortal formation, and is purely a time path immortal formation, but it actually concealed itself to the extent where Xia Cha and Lu Wei Yin could not sense it.”


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had deep foundation.


 Xia Cha had plentiful methods as the first supreme elder of the super force Xia clan. And Lu Wei Yin was an inheritor of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Neither of them actually sensed this grand formation, causing the group of Southern Border Gu Immortals to fall into the trap.


 Jun Shen Guang checked several times, confirming there were indeed no other clues, he then turned into a strange light that quickly disappeared.


 Sovereign blessed land.


 A large castle-like formation that was letting out silver radiance suddenly floated in Mini Green Heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone as well as Shadow Sect immortals were surrounding this immortal formation, paying close attention to the captives inside.


 Most of these captives were the Southern Border immortals whom Fang Yuan had ambushed and captured. Shang Hu Zhang, Tie Qu Zhong, Yang Ku, and so on were experts of rank seven, right now, they were firmly locked up, their eyes were closed as they were trapped in dream realms.


 The strongest captive was the rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha who was given utmost attention by Fang Yuan. An extremely dense dream realm surrounded and fluctuated around her.


 Pure will would be worn down when they fell into dream realms, but they would immediately recover if they escaped the dream realm. But the soul was different, even if they were taken out of the dream realm, they would still be trapped in the dream for a certain period of time, it would be as if they were struck by the killer move lead soul into dream.


 It was because of this crucial point that Fang Yuan could capture these Southern Border Gu Immortals and move them into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 In this present time, the old immortal killer moves had no effect on dream realms. Even Immortal Gu Houses like Bay Pavilion and Heaven Overseeing Tower started disintegrating when they fell into dream realms.


 To be in a dream realm for Gu Immortals was to be in dire straits.


 But Fang Yuan had an extraordinary method, that was the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique!


 Fang Yuan had the immortal killer move pure dream reality seeker transformation which he used to transform the dream realms in his sovereign immortal aperture into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. He then used these temporary dream path clones to enter the dream realms and take out the Southern Border Gu Immortals, locking them up inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He then turned the dream realms in the battlefield to Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and successfully retrieved them.


 Finally, he hurriedly cleaned the battlefield, not leaving behind any clues before he left.


 So when Jun Shen Guang and Southern Border’s immortals arrived, they saw such a scene.


 The time path clone’s brows slightly furrowed: “Although we are using the dream realm to imprison these Gu Immortals, there is a huge risk. If any one of them wakes up and causes havoc in my sovereign immortal aperture, it will really be a great loss.”


 To Gu Immortals, the immortal aperture was an important resource area as well as the foundation of their cultivation. The hidden risk in imprisoning these Gu Immortals here was really huge.


 “One skill to dominate the world, most Gu Immortals are helpless against dream realms currently. Even rank eight Gu Immortals can meet their calamity in dream realm. But just in case, I need to grab this time to take out these Gu Immortals’ Gu worms and resources. Then, I will use soul path methods to separate their souls and bodies, only then will the situation be safe.”


 Fang Yuan thought of Lu Wei Yin.


 This person was trapped in a dream realm, but when a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body went to take him out, it actually lost its way and was unable to approach him!


 Being able to show effect in a dream realm, this was clearly a dream path method!


 Recalling a past event, Fang Yuan had been ambushed by Lu Wei Yin and had gone through three lifetimes, that was also a dream path method.


 Lu Wei Yin was not only an inheritor of Paradise Earth, he was also moving forward with the era, and held at least two dream path methods, almost similar to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s dream path methods were only unravel dream, lead soul into dream, and switch soul in dream.


 It was because of this that Fang Yuan gave up on capturing Lu Wei Yin. Even if he could take him away, Fang Yuan did not dare to take the risk. Who knew if he had some other dream path methods. In case he woke up in the sovereign immortal aperture, that would truly be an example of luring a wolf into one’s house, without any way of expelling it!


 “Sigh, I really did not expect there to be a day where these high and mighty Gu Immortals would become our prisoners!” Fairy Miao Yin sighed with emotions.


 Although she was one of the famous fairies of Southern Border, she was a lone cultivator and had suffered a lot at the hands of Southern Border’s righteous path. She had deep resentment towards these famed experts of Southern Border’s righteous path.


 “Such a pity that sister White Rabbit died. Sigh...” Fairy Miao Yin’s expression was truly mournful.


 When she joined Shadow Sect, she had become very close with Lady White Rabbit, because she liked the latter’s straightforwardness.


 Lady White Rabbit had inherited the Black Tigress true inheritance and would turn into Black Tigress when faced with life-threatening danger, her cultivation would also soar to rank seven. Regretfully, she faced Xia Cha’s direct attack using immortal killer move Summer Fan, she simply did not have time to react and died immediately.


 Fang Yuan was powerless to help, Man as Before was only a rank six Immortal Gu and had no hope for success against such an injury.


 Even Fang Yuan’s main body was heavily injured at the moment.


 It was Bai Ning Bing instead who had no injuries.


 At the crucial moment, she turned into Bai Xiang, although it was shattered into pieces, Bai Xiang could resurrect with just a small fragment.


 This move had once shaken Southern Border, renowned as the White Terror that had shrouded the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. Its profundity was that it could remove all harmful dao marks along with most of the body, then revive with just a tiny fragment.


 However, Bai Ning Bing’s current expression did not look good.


 She looked at the trapped Southern Border immortals, thinking to herself: “Even if I use Bai Xiang, I will still be trapped in the dream realm with no strength to resist. Strange, Fang Yuan actually did not use such a method to deal with me. He already has methods to resolve the alliance agreement on him, if I were him...”


 Bai Ning Bing felt a huge pressure.


 After all, she was not a Shadow Sect member, and moreover, she was currently in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture which was the same as being in someone else’s headquarters.


 The stronger Fang Yuan’s strength and methods, the greater the pressure on Bai Ning Bing.


 “Alright, Ying Wu Xie, you shall remain here, I have lent you the Gu worms. In the next few days, you will be in charge of guarding this place, if anything abnormal occurs, use a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to activate lead soul into dream to continue putting these Southern Border Gu Immortals to sleep.”


 “Formation Spirit, guard this place properly. If the dream realm moves and endangers the formation, inform me immediately.”


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone issued two commands.


 “Yes, sect leader.”


 “Understood, master.”


 Supervision should be sufficient enough with Ying Wu Xie and the Formation Spirit, Fang Yuan was able to put his heart at ease slightly.



***
Chapter 1606 - Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the sovereign immortal aperture’s time, several days later.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone once again went in front of the immortal formation in Mini Green Heaven.


 “Be careful, I am going to start.” The time path clone said solemnly.


 “Okay.” The Formation Spirit materialized, nodding its head.


 There was a Gu Immortal standing to the side, he was Ying Wu Xie, looking tense at this moment.


 A Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body entered the dream realm, not long later, it grabbed Xia Cha’s foot and dragged her out.


 The whole process was done cautiously.


 Xia Cha was still in a deep sleep, she showed no abnormal movements.


 Even though Fang Yuan was using a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique clone, he only dared to drag out half of this rank eight Gu Immortal’s body.


 Xia Cha’s upper half was still inside the dream realm, while the lower half was exposed outside the dream realm.


 The crucial immortal aperture was near her stomach area, so it was okay to do this.


 Next, it was the turn of Fang Yuan’s main body. He had already prepared for a while, activating immortal killer move great thief ghost hand immediately.


 The eerie great thief ghost hand slowly flew towards Xia Cha’s immortal aperture. However, before it could touch her, wisps of dao marks shined on her body.


 This was a passive time path method, even if Xia Cha was deep in sleep, it could automatically activate.


 This defensive method could show no effect in the dream realm. But Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand also was useless in dream realms.


 Only by dragging Xia Cha outside the dream realm could Fang Yuan steal her Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was not even the slightest bit surprised at seeing the great thief ghost hand being obstructed.


 He had been making attempts since a few days back, and this was not the first time.


 This time path defensive move was indeed troublesome, but with his time path attainment level and using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan had already deduced a way to get rid of it.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan activated another killer move.


 The killer move showed remarkable effect, the dao marks light on Xia Cha’s body dimmed immediately, the great thief ghost hand successfully disappeared into her immortal aperture.


 “Fortunately, Xia Cha’s defensive method is not as remarkable as the people of Heavenly Court. It is probably a temporary arrangement to deal with my great thief ghost hand, which is why I was able to resolve this move within a short period of time.”


 This time path defensive move was only a rank seven move. Fang Yuan used his time path Immortal Gu along with many mortal Gu to form a killer move that could get rid of it.


 “In the ambush against Southern Border’s pursuing forces using the time path formation, the important time path Immortal Gu were not damaged, but almost all the mortal Gu as well as multiple rank six time path Immortal Gu were destroyed. This is rather damaging to my plan in the River of Time. Let’s see what I can obtain from Xia Cha’s body.”


 Fang Yuan was full of anticipation.


 Soon after, his expression suddenly changed as the great thief ghost hand flew over unsteadily.


 It was now clenched into a fist, there seemed to be something inside that was struggling to break free.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, but happy to see this.


 Ying Wu Xie, who had a rough understanding of great thief ghost hand, blurted out in joy: “Awesome! Stealing a rank eight Immortal Gu at the very first attempt!”


 At this time, however, the Formation Spirit spoke: “Master, there seems to be some disturbance in Xia Cha’s soul.”


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone immediately turned heavy, quickly controlling the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to drag Xia Cha back into the dream realm.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body stopped beside Xia Cha and observed for a good while, it only returned after seeing Xia Cha stabilize and continue to be in deep sleep.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would become unstable if only half their body was in dream realm, they would show indications of waking up from the dream, but it would take a long while.


 Seemingly because Xia Cha cultivated time path, this time period seemed to have greatly shortened for her. Fang Yuan had sensed this back when he moved her into the sovereign immortal aperture. Back then, Shadow Sect immortals had broken out in cold sweat.


 Only after resolving Xia Cha’s situation did Fang Yuan and the rest inspect what Immortal Gu the great thief ghost hand had stolen.


 This Immortal Gu was struggling fiercely, but great thief ghost hand borrowed the power of rank nine killer move ghostly concealment. Previously, it had stolen Soul Beast Token, so stealing rank eight Immortal Gu was completely within its capability.


 Adding on Fang Yuan’s plentiful methods, refining it was a done deal with no surprise.


 After taking a while, Fang Yuan successfully refined this Gu.


 This Gu worm was a milky-white silkworm, the size of an adult’s index finger. It only had the weight of a chicken egg, and was tender to the touch like an infant’s cheeks. There was a small green leaf growing on its head, which looked like a mulberry leaf. Interestingly, when the silkworm curled up its body, the mulberry leaf wrapped around its whole body.


 The dense aura of the Gu worm reflected its extraordinary identity at all times — rank eight time path Immortal Gu!


 But as for what Immortal Gu it was, Fang Yuan was not certain.


 He could only guess: “This is probably the rank eight time path Immortal Gu Spring.”


 If spring Gu was used alone, it could bring the season of spring to an area. Ice and snow would melt, warm wind would blow, and new sprouts would grow.


 Gu Masters nurture, use, and refine Gu. Using Gu was a deep and profound topic. When one obtains an unknown Immortal Gu, it needed to be constantly probed and tested to deduce its ability, this aspect often had unmeasurable danger.


 After Fang Yuan refined this Immortal Gu, he was not in a hurry to examine it, because he had more reliable ways to obtain the correct answer.


 This answer was in Xia Cha’s body.


 As long as he searched her soul, Fang Yuan would not only obtain this Immortal Gu’s status and its usage, he could even understand the spring scissors killer move which she had used.


 Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to search her soul as well, Xia Cha’s soul was protected by her body, and it would not be easy to search her soul with her rank eight cultivation. Fang Yuan had a strict plan, he planned to first extract Xia Cha’s soul, separating it from her body before targeting the soul!


 Extracting Xia Cha’s soul was also a troublesome matter and would need Fang Yuan to prepare for some time.


 Moreover, before this, Fang Yuan needed to first steal all the Gu worms in Xia Cha’s immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan continued to deal with Xia Cha the same way.


 The second time, great thief ghost hand only stole a rank five mortal Gu, a huge contrast with the first time.


 “Looks like unlucky year’s effect has already disappeared, the difference between my luck and Xia Cha’s luck has been reduced by a lot.” Fang Yuan quickly understood the reason.


 For rank eight Gu Immortals to have their accomplishments, they themselves represented extraordinary luck, and might also have methods to increase their luck.


 Fang Yuan relied on his incomplete luck path true inheritance to possess luck that was higher than ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals. But this could not possess a great threat to a person like Feng Jiu Ge, let alone Feng Jin Huang.


 After Fang Yuan was clear of the reason, he continued to use unlucky year on Xia Cha while frequently using great thief ghost hand to steal her Immortal Gu.


 Over ten days passed by in the sovereign immortal aperture’s time.


 Fang Yuan had obtained a large amount of mortal Gu as well as Xia Cha’s four Immortal Gu.


 These four Immortal Gu formed a complete set, Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.


 Spring Gu was like a white silkworm with a mulberry leaf on its head.


 Summer Gu was like a black mosquito the size of a palm, but it had three pairs of thin wings, and shined with multi-colored lights when it flew.


 Autumn Gu was like a dark red cricket carved from precious and ancient wood. Its cry was extremely loud and resounding.


 Winter Gu was a gray pupa that emitted bursts of cold air.


 Spring Gu and summer Gu were rank eight, while autumn Gu and winter Gu were rank seven.


 After Fang Yuan stole these four Immortal Gu, he repeatedly used great thief ghost hand but could only steal mortal Gu. Thus, he conjectured Xia Cha likely only had these four Immortal Gu!


 This was similar to Hei Fan’s situation. Hei Fan also had few Immortal Gu, back then, Fang Yuan had only obtained rank eight Years Flow Like Water along with rank seven year Gu and after Gu.


 Although Xia Cha had two rank eight Immortal Gu, Hei Fan’s years flow like water Gu brought enormous benefits. Possessing it meant becoming the number one giant of year Gu business in the whole world!


 All of a sudden, Fang Yuan gained four more Immortal Gu, they were all of time path, two rank eight and two rank seven. This addition greatly filled the huge demand Fang Yuan had in this aspect.


 But he still had to soul search Xia Cha to know how to use them.


 The moment he obtained these Immortal Gu, the pressure on him greatly dissipated. Without Immortal Gu, even if Xia Cha accidentally woke up, she would be like a tiger without claws, with extremely low strength.


 The primary task was to take out the Immortal Gu of all the Gu Immortal captives.


 Second was to extract their souls, separating their soul and body. Besides the soul, the body could also be controlled by wills. Several wills left casually in the immortal aperture could temporarily substitute the soul to control the body.


 Only then would Fang Yuan make a move on their immortal apertures.


 However, Fang Yuan had to slow down the task of stealing Immortal Gu.


 His immortal essence was running out!


 It was already showing signs of depletion before, and in recent times, he had set up an immortal formation, fought a huge battle, then set up another immortal formation after returning to the sovereign immortal aperture, while also repeatedly using pure dream reality seeker transformation, great thief ghost hand, and other killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves had already fallen to a dangerous level.


 The year Gu business was doing dismally in treasure yellow heaven, even his dragonfish business was unable to support his enormous expenditure. Dang Hun Mountain was still recovering.


 However, this did not go beyond Fang Yuan’s control.


 He sneered: “Hehe, it is time for those Southern Border forces to bleed.”


 It was definitely going to be a fun time ahead.


 Not only was he going to extort immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan was going to extort large amounts of resources to raise and feed his newly obtained Immortal Gu.


 Without cultivation resources, how could he get stronger?


 Get stronger my ass!


 There was a good saying — Kill and rob to earn wealth. Killing, extorting, pillaging and burning were the hallmarks of the demonic path!



***
Chapter 1607 - One Million Immortal Essence Stones


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Yan Shou Mountain.


 Xia clan’s headquarters, Jian Wen blessed land.


 Inside the blessed land, there were many mortal Gu Houses forming into a magnificent scene of an unbroken range of palace halls.


 In the central hall, Xia Fei Kuai was moving on the ground in a hurry.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated light path, he had extraordinary battle strength, only slightly weaker than Wu clan’s Wu Yu Bo. Because of cultivating a certain immortal killer move, his nature became impatient.


 Fang Yuan had once fought him and set an agreement of five years in the disguise of Wu Yi Hai. Now that Fang Yuan’s identity was revealed and had rank eight battle strength, Xia Fei Kuai had naturally thrown this five years agreement to the back of his mind.


 “Where did this news come from?” Xia Fei Kuai quickly moved while asking.


 Beside him was a featherman maid with rank five cultivation.


 Xia clan raised a large group of featherman slaves, feathermen were the highest in quantity in Jian Wen blessed land.


 This featherman maid was not an ordinary slave, she was one of the stewardesses of this hall and knew a lot of information.


 Xia Fei Kuai was aware he would know everything when he entered the central hall, but he could not wait, impatiently asking this featherman maid.


 The featherman maid quickly replied: “It came half a day ago from treasure yellow heaven. That demon Fang Yuan took the initiative to contact us. He sent an information path Gu worm to my purple spiritual light stall in treasure yellow heaven. The Gu worm had a ransom note.”


 Purple spiritual light was a rank seven immortal material, it was not gathered from white heaven, but originated from deep underground ores.


 This was Xia clan’s number one source of revenue. Xia clan possessed the most amount of purple spiritual stone lodes in the five regions, so they firmly held dominance over this business.


 Although any Gu Immortals could casually change their identities for transactions in treasure yellow heaven to prevent others from discovering them, it was more profitable for a force like Xia clan to maintain their identity, establishing their reputation and creating their signature products.


 So Xia clan’s stall had an explicit identity and Fang Yuan found it easily.


 “Hmph! His guts are greater than heaven, to think he would actually dare to extort my grand Xia clan!” Xia Fei Kuai was extremely furious.


 The featherman maid did not dare to say anything, obsequiously accompanying him to the hall entrance, before stopping. She did not have the qualifications to enter.


 The hall entrance was already open, the main seat was empty; it was usually occupied by Xia Cha or her will.


 And in the top seat in the left row was Xia clan’s second supreme elder Xia Zhao.


 He was slightly fat, he had a steady temperament, he cultivated earth path, and was currently Xia clan’s main backbone.


 Sitting opposite Xia Zhao, in the top seat in the right row was Xia clan’s third supreme elder, Xia Chen Yuan. He was similarly an earth path Gu Immortal.


 Besides them, the other seats were already occupied by the main bodies or wills of Xia Liu Pei, Xia Qing Cang, Xia Zhuo Mo, Xia Fan and other Gu Immortals, only Xia Fei Kuai was missing.


 “No need to stand on ceremony, take your seat.” Xia Zhao said in a deep voice.


 Xia Fei Kuai restrained his temperament, nodding his head before quietly taking his seat.


 An information path mortal Gu was handed to Xia Fei Kuai from the left seat.


 Xia Zhao looked at everyone: “Since everyone is here, let’s begin the discussion.”


 Xia Fei Kuai sent his divine sense into the Gu worm. This information path mortal Gu was the ransom note sent by Fang Yuan.


 There were only a few words in the ransom note, but it was concise and comprehensive.


 However, there was an image attached at the end that showed the scene of Xia Cha trapped in sovereign immortal aperture.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s anger flared up when he finished browsing the information, almost crushing this information path mortal Gu in anger.


 “This scoundrel Fang Yuan is a heinous criminal, he should be damned to death! We have to kill him!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted with a fierce expression.


 Xia clan’s other Gu Immortals did not respond, they looked ashen and had unsightly expressions as they maintained their silence.


 The hall was filled with a heavy and stifling atmosphere.


 Besides anger, these people felt incredulous.


 The grand Xia clan, a super force, actually had a day where they were blackmailed by one demonic path Gu Immortal!


 What shocked them the most was Xia Cha, the grand first supreme elder, the authoritative figure of Xia clan and a rank eight existence, she not only failed to capture Fang Yuan, but was instead taken captive alive by him!!


 Yes, Fang Yuan indeed had outstanding battle strength that could rival rank eight.


 The Xia clan Gu Immortals had viewed the video where he had pummeled Thunder Ghost True Monarch. But so what?


 Defeating a rank eight Gu Immortal and capturing a rank eight were two different concepts. The difficulty level was as massive as the gap between heaven and earth.


 Xia clan immortals had never expected such a result!


 Even now, most of them still felt dazed as if they were dreaming, the truth was really unimaginable.


 Fang Yuan, a rank seven Gu Immortal, had captured a rank eight along with a dozen rank seven Gu Immortal experts!


 Almost all these rank seven Gu Immortals were the trump card battle strengths of their respective clans.


 Each of them possessed unique methods, and in the absence of rank eight, they were major factors that could influence the whole of Southern Border’s situation and dominate an area.


 Southern Border’s righteous path had been resolute in capturing Fang Yuan, so they had established such a powerful team.


 But now, these people were all taken captive by Fang Yuan.


 Compared to other clans, Xia clan’s situation was the most pressing. Because what they had lost was not a rank seven Gu Immortal, but their clan’s only rank eight!


 This was no longer just a matter of a decrease in their prestige, but something that directly shook their foundation.


 In this world where the strong were respected, a person’s safety could affect the whole situation. Xia Cha played an irreplaceable role in Xia clan.


 “I did not convene you all to make you stare anxiously. This is a critical juncture for the clan, we are in an extremely dangerous situation. At this time, we need to unite and get through this difficulty.” Xia Zhao spoke while looking at the silent immortals.


 When the situation had occurred, every Xia clan Gu Immortal was stupefied, Xia Zhao was not an exception.


 Over these days, as the second supreme elder, he had been facing the greatest pressure.


 When the ransom note finally came, his heart instead eased slightly.


 “You have all seen that mortal Gu, Fang Yuan is demanding one million immortal essence stones. What are your thoughts on this?” Xia Zhao said.


 After a while of silence, Xia clan’s third supreme elder intentionally coughed before saying: “One million immortal essence stones is not a small amount, but it is not big either, our Xia clan can afford it. But what I am concerned about is this message only mentioned his demand, and did not mention anything about handing over Lady Xia Cha!”


 The other immortals nodded at this.


 Xia Fei Kuai’s brows rose up in agitation, blurting out: “How about we inform the other clans? We are being extorted, they are probably facing the same situation as well.”


 Xia Liu Pei glanced at Xia Fei Kuai with a sneer, not speaking.


 Xia Fei Kuai was furious, glaring at him: “What do you want to say? Just say it.”


 Xia Liu Pei was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated wisdom path, moreover he had a powerful wisdom path attainment, and was a top expert at deductions in the present Southern Border.


 He sneered: “How can we rely on outsiders? Right now, they are eager to see us lose our first supreme elder. Since you realize that demon Fang Yuan is not extorting just us, then have you heard the other clans’ responses? Have you seen them trying to contact us?”


 Xia Fei Kuai was silent.


 Xia clan had suddenly lost its rank eight pillar, which immediately made it seem like it occupied an excessive number of territories and resources.


 This situation was much more dangerous than that of Wu clan before.


 Back then, Wu clan still had Wu Yong, a rank eight Gu Immortal, but under repeated schemes of Shadow Sect, he had been trapped in a difficult situation, besieged from all sides, almost unable to make a turnaround.


 Southern Border was filled with many individual forces, there were always internal conflicts and contradictions between righteous path forces. Wu clan had occupied the throne of the number one force for a long time, but still did not have the ability to lead the whole situation.


 So as far as Xia clan was concerned, they absolutely could not lose Xia Cha!


 When Fang Yuan’s will once again went up to the purple spiritual light stall, he received one million immortal essence stones from Xia clan.


 “We need to talk.” Xia Zhao personally received Fang Yuan, his divine sense fluctuating constantly.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, not refusing: “Alright. But I am in a hurry right now. Whatever you want to say, use an information path Gu worm to send it to this stall.”


 “Please wait a second, listen to me...” Xia Zhao wanted to press Fang Yuan to stay, but Fang Yuan’s will directly left. Xia Zhao was furious but also helpless.


 He could only look as Fang Yuan’s will left, his heart feeling extremely heavy.



***
Chapter 1608 - The Trick to Extortion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 It was obvious what Fang Yuan was busy with.


 Having the Southern Border immortals in his hands, Fang Yuan had firm hold of the initiative and occupied huge dominance.


 He had such invaluable hostages in hand, he could extort however he wanted.


 But Fang Yuan was cautious and did not overdo it. He only extorted three clans at first.


 Xia clan was undeniably the main target. First supreme elder Xia Cha was Xia clan’s only rank eight Gu Immortal, she was Xia clan’s foundational pillar, an extremely important person. Xia clan simply could not lose her, or else the whole clan’s force would shrink by seventy to eighty percent!


 Yi clan was the second.


 Because the Yi clan Gu Immortal Fang Yuan had taken captive was Yi Yang.


 This space path Gu Immortal was the strongest rank seven expert of Yi clan, and everyone was optimistic of him having the qualifications to enter rank eight. More importantly, he was blood related to Yi clan’s first supreme elder, and was a successor of the clan being nurtured by the first supreme elder.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life of five hundred years, during the five regions chaotic war, there were endless internal conflicts in Southern Border. Yi Yang was schemed against and fell into Shang clan’s hands, Yi clan’s first supreme elder had not hesitated to pay an enormous price to bring back Yi Yang.


 So Fang Yuan was rather expectant of Yi clan’s ransom.


 Finally, the third was Chi clan.


 Fang Yuan’s Chi clan Gu Immortal captive was Chi clan’s second supreme elder, which was a very important position! Adding on that Chi Qu You had transacted with Fang Yuan previously, obtaining dream path research gains, it was natural for Chi clan to compromise.


 Fang Yuan was deeply aware of the human mindset, his first extortion targets was not Wu clan, who hated him deeply, nor Tie clan, who deeply detested the demonic path.


 As long as these three clans gave in, it would be much easier for Fang Yuan to extort other Southern Border righteous path forces.


 After all, with these precedents, the righteous path would not be so tough in their stance anymore.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Green Heaven, at the immortal formation.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 The ghost hand entered Yi Yang’s immortal aperture and returned with a rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Ying Wu Xie and the Formation Spirit looked on quietly from the side with impassive expressions.


 They were no longer surprised by this sight.


 Because in this period of time, Fang Yuan had already looted a huge amount of Immortal Gu! Moreover, he had even looted Xia Cha’s two rank eight Immortal Gu, Spring and Summer. With such sensational gains, the remaining loot looked mild in comparison.


 Fang Yuan had constructed another immortal formation to refine these Immortal Gu.


 This immortal formation used wisdom refinement formation as the foundation along with many wisdom path Immortal Gu to form a completely new version.


 Wisdom refinement formation was constructed by using the light of wisdom along with Woman’s Heart and Unravel Mystery to refine other Immortal Gu. If there was the other person’s will, the effect would become even more outstanding. Fang Yuan had used Mo Yao’s fake will to help him refine the Immortal Gu he had obtained from Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, including change soul Immortal Gu, which had been of the utmost significance in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 At present, Fang Yuan still used the light of wisdom as the core, the brand new wisdom refinement formation was even more powerful.


 Wisdom Gu was a rank nine Gu, so it was truly easy to suppress those rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Moreover, with the large improvement in Fang Yuan’s formation path and wisdom path methods, the wisdom refinement formation’s effect became even more remarkable.


 After a while, Fang Yuan finished refining the newly stolen Immortal Gu.


 This was a space path Immortal Gu that looked like a blue jade sphere with a pair of snow-white wings.


 Fang Yuan recognized this Gu, it was called Space Travel and had a remarkable movement ability. Shadow Sect’s true inheritances had relevant records, for instance, this Gu was initially captured from the body of an immemorial desolate beast level pegasus.


 Fang Yuan stored this space travel Gu.


 He did not cultivate space path and had ordinary attainment in it, moreover, he did not have many space path dao marks.


 However, he had too many true inheritances, countless immortal killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes, he did not lack methods to make use of Immortal Gu.


 By now, he had already stolen most of the Immortal Gu of the Southern Border Gu Immortal captives.


 As for the issue of the shortage of immortal essence, it was already solved.


 Xia clan’s one million immortal essence stones were like a waterfall descending from a heavenly river and pouring on this parched land.


 One million immortal essence stones meant one million beads of green grape immortal essence, which was equivalent to ten thousand beads of red date immortal essence. This amount had already far surpassed Fang Yuan’s highest record of red date immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan continued to use great thief ghost hand but he was not able to take out any more Immortal Gu from Yi Yang’s body.


 Thereupon, he threw this person back into dream realm, and dragged out another person. It was Chi clan’s second supreme elder, an earth path rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan made a move on him without hesitation.


 He was going to take out Immortal Gu of all these Southern Border Gu Immortals and store them in his pockets.


 As for the people, he would have to release some of them.


 Extortion or blackmailing could be seen as a form of transaction, where as long as the seller was powerful enough, the buyer could only remain helpless. And in a transaction, buyers and sellers needed to pay attention to reputation, if he did not release some hostages, why would Southern Border’s righteous path believe Fang Yuan, how could he continue his extortion plan to gain huge benefits?


 Fang Yuan intended to first release Chi clan’s second supreme elder and Yi clan’s Yi Yang.


 He had done transactions with Chi clan previously after all, and he also intended to support Chi clan in the future, to resist Heavenly Court. Naturally, he was definitely going to extort these two clans to the limit.


 Despite it being difficult to raise a Gu Immortal, a hostage’s price was fixed and limited.


 These righteous path forces could stay in power until now, they were not fools.


 If Fang Yuan’s demands were too much and exceeded the value of these Gu Immortals, or the acceptable price that these clansmen were willing to pay, they would not do this unreasonable transaction.


 All in all, extortion was a skill.


 Several days later, another batch of immortal essence stones was obtained.


 That was Yi clan’s first ransom, one million and two hundred thousand immortal essence stones.


 Comparing value, Yi Yang could not compare to Xia Cha, but Yi clan had a lot of wealth, at least richer than Xia clan. So they had much more immortal essence stones reserved in their hands.


 A super force’s immortal essence stones reserve was more or less around one million immortal essence stones.


 So Fang Yuan first extorted immortal essence stones, not only because he himself was in shortage of it, the more important reason was that other forces could totally take that sum out. Although it was not without a level of difficulty, the difficulty was small.


 First make them give in, then continue to extort them more harshly, making them bleed little by little. Fang Yuan was well versed in the ways of extortion.


 “It is just that although I captured Southern Border immortals, I did not receive any response from Heavenly Court. What did Heavenly Court prepare in the River of Time?”


 Fang Yuan could not help but think.


 He constructed years flow execution formation mainly to deal with the Southern Border immortals, but it was also to lure Heavenly Court into making a move.


 If Heavenly Court had laid an ambush and saw the commotion there, they could have followed the tributary of the River of Time to pincer-attack Fang Yuan.


 But from the start to finish, Fang Yuan did not see Heavenly Court’s ambush.


 Fang Yuan’s scheme was fruitless in this regard, leaving him with even more wariness and suspicion.



***
Chapter 1609 - Three Plans


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Red Heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone immediately attracted the attention of countless year beasts the moment he appeared.


 Howl! Roar! Growl!


 Countless year beasts roared and snarled as they pounced upon Fang Yuan. Large numbers of ancient desolate beasts shoved the desolate level year beasts to the side as they looked at Fang Yuan with a thirsty expression.


 But a moment later, an immemorial year rooster flew over gallantly and spiritedly; the desolate level year beasts and ancient desolate beasts in its path quickly and chaotically moved aside.


 The immemorial year rooster arrived before Fang Yuan’s time path clone and lowered its head, displaying a tamed look.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he stroked the immemorial year rooster’s bright red crown, then he waved his sleeve, scattering countless mortal year Gu.


 The immemorial year rooster squawked as it opened its beak wide, creating a powerful attractive force that absorbed most of the year Gu into its stomach. Only a few year Gu scattered in the surroundings which was immediately fought over by the surrounding ancient year beasts.


 The immemorial year rooster had a great meal but was still not satisfied, it looked at Fang Yuan’s time path clone with shining eyes.


 Fang Yuan repeatedly waved his sleeve, countless year Gu were scattered like the crushed pebbles on a beach, forming a rain of year Gu.


 This time, there was a portion for everyone, the year beasts immediately fell into frenzied joy.


 After a good while, every year beast including the immemorial year rooster had their fill. Their impatience because of hunger had disappeared, resuming a lethargic state as they lay down on white clouds to rest.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone gazed around, nodded and flew away.


 In Mini Red Heaven, there were seven year beast communities like this one, this was already the third community Fang Yuan fed.


 There were already a lot of year beasts being raised in sovereign immortal aperture, and not long ago, Fang Yuan had used years flow execution formation to ruthlessly plot against Southern Border righteous path, besides capturing the group of Southern Border immortals, his greatest battle spoils were the year beasts he had subdued in the battle.


 These year beasts were of high quality, they were at least of desolate level year, there was a large amount of ancient year beasts, as well as seven immemorial year beasts.


 Originally, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was only enough for him to enslave one or two immemorial year beasts. But now, his soul cultivation had made rapid breakthroughs, although it was decreasing recently, the remaining soul foundation was enough to enslave seven immemorial year beasts without a problem.


 A noteworthy thing was there were three immemorial year roosters among these seven immemorial year beasts. The other four immemorial year beasts were tiger, dragon, rabbit, and horse.


 In the River of Time, at every set interval of time, a certain kind of immemorial year beast would be more common than others. This recent period of time was clearly a prosperous time for immemorial year roosters.


 However, even though Fang Yuan had seven immemorial year beasts, when comparing individual strength, they were all weaker than his immemorial year monkey. Unfortunately, that immemorial year monkey had already died in battle.


 Of course, if all the seven immemorial year beasts combined their strength, they were much fiercer than one immemorial year monkey.


 There was a clear difference between the strength of different immemorial year beasts. This was like the difference between rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan fed these year beasts while thinking: “The food expenditure has soared by dozens of times with the addition of these year beasts! If not for the immortal essence stones extorted this time, I might not have been able to feed them.”


 The higher the rank of the year beasts, the larger their appetite. And the food of year beasts was year Gu.


 Fang Yuan used rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water to refine countless mortal year Gu, barely filling the bellies of these year beasts.


 And activating years flow like water Immortal Gu spent Fang Yuan’s red date immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal essence expenditure in feeding year beasts was not small even before. Now, with the addition of so many year beasts and seven immemorial year beasts, feeding them had already taken the largest share of Fang Yuan’s expenditures.


 “Currently, Dang Hun Mountain has already been restored by eighty percent, guts Gu’s production is no longer a terrible sight, it has become just passable.”


 “When Dang Hun Mountain is completely restored, the year beasts will become the new burden.”


 Fang Yuan had to feed year beasts every set interval of time. Refining year Gu through Years Flow Like Water was already the most economical method, but it still amounted to a huge expenditure.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan needed to raise these year beasts to deal with the future battle in the River of Time, so he had to resolve the issue of feeding them.


 Actually this issue was not only regarding the year beasts, but also eagle groups.


 Fang Yuan had previously enslaved the upper extreme heavenly eagle, purchasing a large amount of eagle beasts. The feeding of these eagle beasts was also a burden.


 If he wanted to make them self-sufficient and truly integrate them into sovereign immortal aperture’s world, he would have to spend a huge amount of energy and capital to build a complete food-chain.


 Big fish eats small fish, and small fish eats shrimps.


 Creating a proper food chain was also a form of deep research and understanding of the Heavenly Dao by the Gu Immortal.


 But compared to eagle groups, year beast’s scale was much larger so its feeding issue needed to be prioritized.


 And because of the year beasts’ characteristics, building a complete food chain for them was much easier.


 Fang Yuan, who had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, Lang Ya’s true inheritance, and so on, had methods to solve it.


 Currently, he could select from three plans.


 The first plan was to construct a year essence pool.


 This was a resource point, and could also be seen as a mini River of Time. Its effect was to imitate the environment of the River of Time, providing a place for year beasts to survive, reside, and procreate.


 The year essence pool’s size could be large or small, and was classified into rank six, rank seven, rank eight, and rank nine levels.


 The advantage of this plan was it saved space, at the same time, as the year beasts lived here, it would produce a certain amount of year Gu. When managed for a long time, it could even produce other wild time path Gu worms, even giving birth to day Gu, month Gu and so on, finally forming a micro River of Time.


 Its disadvantage was the cost was absurdly high. Just the creation of a rank six year essence pool was an enormous sum. In terms of immortal essence stones, it was in the millions!


 And a rank seven year essence pool was even more exaggerated, requiring many rare immortal materials which had no supply in the market. Rank six level year essence pool could still be constructed if one was wealthy enough, but the rank seven year essence pool was not something that could be solved with just immortal essence stones.


 As for Fang Yuan, he needed a rank eight year essence pool to contain the seven immemorial year beasts!


 The second plan was Golden Age Platform.


 This was a rather special rank seven time path Immortal Gu House, because it was fixed in place and could not move freely like most of the other Immortal Gu Houses. Once it was constructed, Golden Age Platform would transform into a bright moon that would float to the sky of the blessed land, constantly rising and setting.


 Golden Age Platform could store a large amount of year beasts and even put them into deep sleep. Like this, their food requirement would fall sharply.


 This plan’s advantage was that Golden Age Platform could extract year beasts’ strength for its use, and did not require Fang Yuan to expend his immortal essence. In peaceful times, this meant Fang Yuan was fully using year beasts and not just freely feeding them.


 This plan’s disadvantages were very obvious.


 First, constructing this rank seven Immortal Gu House required a lot of time path Immortal Gu. But Fang Yuan needed these time path Immortal Gu to protect himself.


 Secondly, Golden Age Platform’s position had to be fixed so it could automatically operate on its own inside the immortal aperture. So even if it was constructed, it would be of no help to Fang Yuan when fighting in River of Time. It itself was also not proficient in offensive methods.


 Thirdly, this Immortal Gu House spent the year beasts’ strength, if it wantonly extracted their strength, the year beasts could die and their time path dao marks would also be destroyed, making their corpses be of no value.


 Finally, when the year beasts are awakened, they would need far more food than normal to fill their appetite.


 The third plan was Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 Twelve Zodiac battle formation was constructed by using twelve different species of immemorial year beasts as cores.


 This formation was specialized in offense, completely different from Golden Age Platform. And although it was a large formation, it could be moved.


 Because its cores were twelve immemorial year beasts, during inactive times, these immemorial year beasts could be sealed, becoming like statues, unmoving and not requiring food. But during battle, the seal would be released, they would form into the battle formation and attack the enemy.


 Evidently, this large formation that used immemorial year beasts as cores was not a present age Gu formation, but an ancient battle formation. Like Green City Rampage or Heavenly Giant Solor, the difference was that these two used Gu Immortals as the cores, while this Twelve Zodiac battle formation used immemorial year beasts as the cores.


 This plan’s advantage was that it truly saved feeding expenditure.


 But the disadvantage was it only used immemorial year beasts. Fang Yuan would be unable to construct Twelve Zodiac battle formation if he used ancient year beasts or desolate level year beasts.


 However, to do this, Fang Yuan needed to search for even more immemorial year beasts, moreover these immemorial year beasts had to be of different species.


 This gathering task not only looked at strength but also luck, its difficulty was high and also took a very long time.


 Fang Yuan considered it deeply before deciding to choose the first plan.


 Although the first plan needed the highest investment, it brought the largest benefits as well.


 “With my capital, if I want to construct a rank eight level year essence pool, my finance will probably fall into a dangerous state before I can construct even thirty percent of it.”


 Fang Yuan was actually very affluent, but most of his resources like Reverse Flow River could not be sold. Moreover, he still needed to deal with external pressure from forces like Heavenly Court. He needed to look at all aspects, and could not just spend all his assets on a year essence pool, without regard for anything else.


 “But now is the best time for me to construct a year essence pool.”


 “Xia clan, you want to negotiate with me? First, send three portions of spiral dawn light.” Fang Yuan threw an information path mortal Gu to Xia clan’s stall.


 Soon, Xia clan’s response came: “Fang Yuan, my clan does produce spiral dawn light, but the production ground is inside first supreme elder’s immortal aperture. There is none left in the clan’s storage.”


 Fang Yuan was slightly dazed, this reply was beyond his expectations, but he sent a reply with a cold smile: “How could I not know this? Send three portions, no, send ten portions of spiral dawn light and I will take it as your clan’s sincerity, then we can talk. Or else...”


 “But spiral dawn light are extremely rare, there is no supply even in treasure yellow heaven. Three portions is okay, but ten, where would we find that much?”


 “I don’t care. That is your issue, not mine.” Fang Yuan left a cruel reply.



***
Chapter 1610 - Incomplete Form of Gu as Before


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shang clan.


 “One hundred and fifty kilograms of eight-parts jade, I want it within three days at the latest.” Fang Yuan demanded strongly.


 Shang clan’s immortal looked quite unsightly: “Eight-parts jade is a rank eight immortal material, treasure yellow heaven usually has transactions of only up to five kilograms. It is difficult for my clan to bring out so many at once.”


 “Hehehe, I believe in your great clan’s strength. Who does not know that Shang clan is the richest force of Southern Border?” Fang Yuan sneered, no matter how Shang clan negotiated, the conditions did not change.


 Ba clan.


 “Where is my seven treasures water?” Fang Yuan urged.


 Ba clan’s immortal quickly responded: “We have already gathered the seven treasures water, we can trade the goods for person at the same time.”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, “Good, good! To express my sincerity, I might as well hand over a batch first.”


 “This, what is this?” Ba clan’s Gu Immortal was shocked and furious.


 “You don’t recognize it? This is the arm of your clan’s Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan’s voice was slow and unperturbed.


 “Fang Yuan! What is the meaning of this?”


 “Hmph! You want to take back your clan’s Gu Immortal with just some seven treasures water? It won’t be that easy, right? Or are you taking me for a fool? If you don’t satisfy me, I will simply kill him. Oh, that’s right, I will be sure to record the process of killing him and display it in treasure yellow heaven. Or maybe I can sell this person to Wu clan? Hehehe, hahahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 Ba clan’s Gu Immortal almost grinded his teeth into pieces. After a good while, Ba clan Gu Immortal squeezed out his words through clenched teeth: “Fang Yuan... we can talk this through.”


 “Sure we can talk, that is not a problem. First, hand over the seven treasures water to display your Ba clan’s sincerity. With all due respect, your clan wants to overthrow Wu clan to become the number one force of Southern Border, how could you be so petty? Wu clan is not hesitating to pay any price for an external supreme elder. Meanwhile, your Ba clan’s Gu Immortal is your own bloodline descendant, can you watch him die? What does your first supreme elder think? Can you truly be so cold and unfeeling?”


 Fang Yuan’s each word was piercing, causing the Ba clan Gu Immortal to be pale and furious, but also helpless.


 Luo clan clan, Hou clan, Chai clan... these were Fang Yuan’s second wave of extortion targets. As for Tie clan, Wu clan and others, he did not make a move on them yet.


 Fang Yuan mentioned all kinds of demands to these clans, he naturally encountered resistance during the extortion, but Fang Yuan had hostages in his hands, and with his location being extremely secretive, unable to be deduced, he firmly held the initiative.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was helpless, and could only bitterly satisfy Fang Yuan’s demands.


 Among them, Xia clan’s sincerity was the highest, those ten portions of spiral dawn light were the first to end up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Despite Xia clan’s Gu Immortal shouting about how difficult it had been to gather these spiral dawn light, Fang Yuan knew how robust these super forces’ foundation was. Satisfying his demands were within their capabilities, it was just that the difficulty was a little high.


 Spiral dawn light, eight-parts jade, seven treasures water....


 These immortal materials were either rank eight materials or rank seven but with high quantity, all these materials were successively sent to Fang Yuan.


 Soon, Fang Yuan had most of the required immortal materials to construct year essence pool.


 This efficiency was truly shocking!


 If Fang Yuan had to gather these himself, he would need to spend at least a dozen years under the situation that he was lucky.


 Fang Yuan’s foundation was deep, but in terms of accumulating immortal materials, he was completely unable to compare to these super forces that had thousands and even tens of thousands of years of history.


 Naturally, the immortal materials Fang Yuan requested were not just for constructing year essence pool.


 Many of the immortal materials were in the preparation for Immortal Gu refinement.


 At this moment, the time path clone arrived in front of an immortal formation.


 “This is the last time, after this plunder, none of these Southern Border Gu Immortals will have any Immortal Gu left.”


 Southern Border’s righteous path had thirteen super clans; Wu clan, Ba clan, Shang clan, Tie clan, Hou clan, Luo clan, Qiao clan, Chai clan, Xia clan, Yi clan, Chi clan, Yang clan, and Yao clan.


 Fang Yuan could battle rank eight, if they could kill Fang Yuan, every clan would profit. So each clan had mobilized one of their Gu Immortal experts with at least rank seven cultivation and peak battle strength. Xia clan’s first supreme elder had personally set to the task of leading these experts to prevent any internal conflicts.


 Each of these Gu Immortal experts had at least two to three Immortal Gu, some had four or five Immortal Gu like Xia Cha. On average, each had three.


 Fang Yuan had not finished looting but the total amount of Immortal Gu he had accumulated from them already broke the count of one hundred!


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Looking at a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body drag out Yang Ku from the dream realm, Fang Yuan immediately got to work.


 A rank seven Immortal Gu was looted, Fang Yuan was immediately exulted, it was soul search Immortal Gu!


 This soul search Immortal Gu was a rank seven Gu which would be helpful to Fang Yuan in searching their souls.


 “But this Gu can only be considered icing on the cake.”


 “Even without soul search Immortal Gu, I can use other soul path Immortal Gu to create a soul search immortal killer move. Just that, this process will be much more convenient with this Immortal Gu.”


 “It would be better if I had gotten devour soul Immortal Gu instead of this Soul Search.”


 Shadow Sect had once possessed devour soul Immortal Gu, if Fang Yuan had it at this moment, it would be much easier for him to extract these Southern Border Gu Immortals’ souls out of their body. His current methods required him to go through a lot of trouble for this.


 Yang Ku had three soul path Immortal Gu altogether, there was no devour soul Gu among the next two Gu, regretfully.


 The final person was Wu clan’s Liu Hao.


 “This person had a method to restrain my Fixed Immortal Travel, let me take a good look at you.” Fang Yuan repeatedly activated his killer move, finally stealing an Immortal Gu after a while.


 “Eh!” Fang Yuan was stunned.


 This Immortal Gu directly self-destructed the moment it was taken out of the immortal aperture.


 “What is this situation?” Cold light flickered within Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He continued to steal, but he could only take out remnant parts of Gu worms. Be it Immortal Gu or mortal Gu, they had self-detonated following the first Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan carefully distinguished these Gu worms’ parts, and soon discovered this was a clever refinement path method. As long as one of these Gu worms left the immortal aperture, every Gu would self-detonate simultaneously.


 “There is actually such a method? This refinement path method is nothing ordinary, it is absolutely at the level of Long Hair Ancestor. Looks like this Gu Immortal being recruited by Wu clan is not simple, he is very likely to be a person of Heavenly Court!”


 Fang Yuan immediately deduced the truth.


 There were three great experts of refinement path in the Gu Immortal history, they were all supreme grandmasters. Besides Long Hair Ancestor from the Medieval Antiquity Era, there were Old Eccentric Tian Nan from Remote Antiquity Era, and Old Immortal Kong Jue from Olden Antiquity Era. And these two were humans, most of their true inheritances were collected by Heavenly Court. Fang Yuan had once disguised as Wu Yi Hai and infiltrated Wu clan, so he was extremely clear about Wu clan’s foundation. Wu clan did not have such a refinement path method!


 Fang Yuan’s expression was slightly dark.


 This method was beyond his expectation, catching him off-guard and causing him slight losses.


 At the same time, he also realized: “I had intended to use years flow execution formation to lure and expose Heavenly Court’s arrangement in the River of Time. But I had not expected Heavenly Court to infiltrate into Southern Border’s team to hunt me down.”


 “Dangerous... based on Fairy Zi Wei’s methods, she would not have just sent this person, she definitely arranged more backup plans. Fortunately, I left quickly back then and did not waste time on Lu Wei Yin.”


 “Wu clan is Southern Border’s number one righteous path force, but it was actually so easily infiltrated by Heavenly Court? This is not so simple, mostly likely, Wu Yong brought in Heavenly Court to deal with me. Hmph, he is indeed a formidable character, unafraid of this matter being exposed and violating a taboo of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s thoughts turned as he once again casted his gaze at the Immortal Gu carcasses in his hand.


 “Gu as Before...” He softly mumbled.


 Gu as Before was a concept he had envisioned before. He had thought about it because of Man as Before and Landscape as Before.


 When a Gu worm was injured or destroyed, using Gu as Before could restore them to their previous state.


 However, although this concept sounded good, the deeper one researched into it, the more they realized how impractical it was.


 Mortal Gu had dao marks, Immortal Gu were the fragments of the Great Dao, to restore them, Gu as Before’s might and level had to far surpass the target. This alone signified that Gu as Before would not be as practical as Man as Before and Landscape as Before. Not to mention the tremendous difficulty in using it.


 But now, Fang Yuan could almost see a trace of Gu as Before in these Gu worm carcasses.


 “These Gu worms are clearly of space path, but refinement path dao marks have been added, which when activated, would destroy them.”


 Since refinement path was specialized in refining Gu, it was naturally also proficient in destroying Gu worms.


 “Maybe these Gu worm carcasses have more value to me than the stolen Immortal Gu.” A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 In the ambush before, Liu Hao had used fixed space Immortal Gu to restrain Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Heavenly Court adopted such a contingency measure not just because they did not want fixed space Immortal Gu to land in Fang Yuan’s hand. In fact, there were many methods other than fixed space Immortal Gu to restrain Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “On the contrary, I might be able to find clues from these Gu worm carcasses to refine Gu as before Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan carefully stored these Gu worm carcasses.


 In this case, there was a lot to learn and research upon.


 Naturally, the better method was to directly refer to Heavenly Court’s methods and inheritance.


 But this possibility was practically impossible for Fang Yuan.


 “I have absorbed the Long Hair true meaning, my refinement path attainment has reached quasi-supreme grandmaster. But in the history of refinement path, there are still two other monumental figures equal to Long Hair Ancestor, Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Old Immortal Kong Jue. Most of these two’s inheritances have definitely been pocketed by Heavenly Court.” Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 He could clearly see the opportunity to refine Gu as Before, but Heavenly Court was like a heavenly moat obstructing Fang Yuan’s path.



***
Chapter 1611 - Zi Wei’s Unease


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court.


 Countless halls shined with splendor.


 Inside a hall, as Fairy Zi Wei slowly opened her eyes, a purple light flashed past her beautiful eyes.


 She frowned slightly, her tone was free and natural as she mumbled: “Fixed space Immortal Gu has self-detonated.”


 After Fairy Zi Wei grasped Star Constellation Chessboard, she had become one of the top three wisdom path great experts of the present Gu Immortal world. This time, she sent Liu Hao and Jun Shen Guang to deal with Fang Yuan, how could she not have prepared for Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand?


 Becoming wiser through learning from mistakes, because Fang Yuan had stolen Fixed Immortal Travel from Feng Jiu Ge right under Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes, she was not going to commit the same mistake twice.


 “Yuan Qiong Du.” Fairy Zi Wei contacted this newly recruited rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “Lady Zi Wei.” Yuan Qiong Du immediately responded.


 “Go refine fixed space Gu.” Fairy Zi Wei instructed lightly.


 Yuan Qiong Du’s expression immediately changed. It was him who had added the refinement path dao marks on fixed space Gu and the others, thus he knew the approximate situation.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s words no doubt meant that Liu Hao’s situation was likely to be bad.


 Liu Hao and Yuan Qiong Du came from the same ancient sect, Yuan Qiong Du hesitated a moment before asking: “Lady Zi Wei, Liu Hao...”


 “He is most likely taken captive by Fang Yuan, but I would rather he was killed by Fang Yuan.” Fairy Zi Wei’s tone was indifferent, astonishingly similar to Fang Yuan’s cruel extortion of Southern Border righteous path.


 Yuan Qiong Du was stunned, before quickly realizing.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s words did not mean she hated Liu Hao and wanted Liu Hao to die, instead if Liu Hao was taken captive, it meant that other Southern Border immortals were also taken captive by Fang Yuan.


 But if Fang Yuan killed Liu Hao, the other Southern Border immortals would likely not be an exception. With this, there would be a deep-seated hatred between Fang Yuan and the Southern Border righteous path, there would be no possibility for them to compromise or cooperate. Southern Border had suffered disastrous losses in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain as well as the battle of dream realm, if their elite team was killed by Fang Yuan, their foundation would be truly damaged. Their overall strength would fall to the bottom among the five regions.


 When the five regions chaotic war starts and regional walls disappear, Central Continent would be able to attack Southern Border first.


 Southern Border could be devoured by Central Continent easily, and with two regions, Central Continent’s originally high strength would immediately surpass the remaining three regions, gaining a huge dominance. The situation would also change, they would not be in an awkward situation of being besieged by four regions!


 Compared to this grand situation, how significant was the sacrifice of a mere rank seven Gu Immortal like Liu Hao?


 After realizing this, Yuan Qiong Du’s shock vanished as he left: “I will go refine fixed space Gu.”


 Yuan Qiong Du had already made sufficient preparations, he was a rank eight Gu Immortal and with the help of Heavenly Court’s grand refinement path formation, it was practically a certain matter for him to refine fixed space Immortal Gu and the other Gu.


 However, there was still uneasiness in Fairy Zi Wei’s heart.


 For wisdom path Gu Immortals, such a feeling was like a premonition.


 Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, and emotions.


 To other Gu Immortals, the rise, change, and disappearance of emotions may be their own joy, anger, sorrow, or pleasure. But it had a different meaning for wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 “Did I miscalculate? What is it that is making me feel this uneasy?” Fairy Zi Wei’s mind was heavy, as she began to deduce while holding Star Constellation Chessboard.


 After a good while, she slowly opened her eyes, revealing a trace of doubt.


 The result of the deduction was the same as before.


 “Fang Yuan could successfully ambush them because of the crucial starting step that let him lure Southern Border immortals into his time path formation.”


 “This is not his own accomplishment, it is a time path formation Shadow Sect had set up long ago near the tributary of the River of Time using natural dao marks.”


 Fang Yuan had formation path grandmaster attainment, he had to use immortal materials to set up immortal formations.


 Only when one reaches formation path great grandmaster level, could they set up an immortal formation using just the natural dao marks in the outside world.


 Shadow Sect naturally did not lack such experts, and had long ago set up a time path formation near the tributary of the River of Time, while heavily concealing this tributary of the River of Time.


 Although such an immortal formation created from natural dao marks did not need to use Immortal Gu, it had its disadvantages.


 The main disadvantage was that according to the composition and arrangement of the natural dao marks and other specific circumstances, the time path formations that could be set up were different.


 When Gu Immortals set up this kind of immortal formation, not only did they need to have their own ideas, but also think according to the local condition. Time path dao marks of another area would not be able to set up such extremely concealed time path formation.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could not replicate the terrifying success of ambushing the Southern Border immortals.


 Fairy Zi Wei had paid a huge price along with crucial clues from Jun Shen Guang to make this deduction.


 “Without the immortal formation’s confinement, even if Fang Yuan detonated Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, the dream realm’s expansion speed is not fast, the Gu Immortals could easily escape.”


 “Were he to use an immortal battlefield, unless it is a dream path battlefield, battlefields of other paths would be the first to be corroded by the dream realm and crumble apart.”


 “So Fang Yuan’s dream realm battle tactic does not possess much threat.”


 “So why am I feeling uneasy? Could it be Spectral Soul?”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei left the hall and moved towards a certain area of Heavenly Court.


 Spectral Soul was here, Dang Hun Mountain’s self-detonation had given him the opportunity to use the soul path dao marks to recover and resist.


 But Heavenly Court had never lacked methods, when Fairy Zi Wei reached this place, a grand immortal formation had already been constructed and was operating while producing a buzzing noise.


 This enormous immortal formation was like a huge mill that constantly destroyed the soul path dao marks here.


 “Spectral Soul, you are still thinking of putting up a resistance? A pity for you, the soul path dao marks beside you are going to be completely ground down in another three days. Your action is only a brief dying struggle.” Fairy Zi Wei entered the formation and sneered at Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul was like a stone, giving no response.


 Purple light erupted in Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes and the Star Constellation Chessboard in her hands also let out a dense blue light that constantly scanned the whole immortal formation as well as Spectral Soul. After inspecting a few times, she was sure there was nothing odd about Spectral Soul and that he had no concealed methods to resist.


 “There is no issue with Spectral Soul, looks like my unease did not come from here. Then where did it come from? Wait, could it be...”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression suddenly changed when she left the immortal formation, as she thought of a person.


 She immediately set off with no hesitation, personally moving out of Heavenly Court and arriving in a certain nameless valley in Central Continent.


 The valley was lush and green, and had a waterfall. Duke Long had built a cavern beside the waterfall, wholeheartedly teaching and guarding Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang!


 If someone could make Fairy Zi Wei feel unease, it was probably this Great Dream seed.


 The waterfall crashed down, roaring and creating dense fog.


 A dense dream realm could be seen before which young Feng Jin Huang was sitting with closed-eyes on a giant rock. Her skin was white as snow, her demeanor graceful and dignified.


 A Gu Immortal whose aura was extremely constrained, with a pair of spiral dragon horns on his forehead and a well-built body, was quietly standing to the side like a giant pillar, observing Feng Jin Huang.


 “Senior Duke Long.” Fairy Zi Wei quietly approached and bowed in greeting.


 Duke Long nodded, raising his hand slightly, signaling Fairy Zi Wei to maintain silence.


 At the next moment, Feng Jin Huang suddenly opened her eyes, letting out a soft sound like the cry of a baby phoenix. She then lightly pointed her index finger at the dream realm and activated a killer move.


 Whoosh.


 A soft sound resonated, white light shot into the dream realm.


 The dream realm suddenly froze, then with a shattering noise, like the breaking of a mirror, it completely crumbled apart, scattering everywhere.


 “I have succeeded in learning break dream!” Feng Jin Huang raised her arms, exclaiming in joy.


 Duke Long nodded with a satisfied expression.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes involuntarily revealed her shock, Feng Jin Huang’s progress in dream path was far beyond her expectation.


 Any killer moves of old paths, even if they were of rank nine levels, or even if they were rank nine Immortal Gu Houses, were like stones thrown into a sea in a dream realm, unable to do anything to the dream realm.


 But who could have thought Feng Jin Huang’s mortal killer move, break dream, could actually be effective against the dream realm.


 “Huang Er, you have trained for almost a day now, go take a rest.” Duke Long looked at Feng Jin Huang amiably, there was no trace of his terrifying might when he had rampaged through the battlefield and captured Spectral Soul.


 “Yes, master.” Feng Jin Huang knew Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long had things to discuss, so she obediently left.


 After Feng Jin Huang had gone far, and when only he and Fairy Zi Wei remained, Duke Long spoke: “What is the reason for you to come here?”


 “It is just that I have been feeling uneasy, but cannot find the reason.” Fairy Zi Wei said, truthfully.


 Duke Long immediately frowned: “With your wisdom path attainment, a feeling of unease is a huge matter, but you cannot find its cause?”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “I have deduced Fang Yuan and also checked Spectral Soul, but still could not let go of this unease, so I came here to take a look.”


 Duke Long smiled: “Since you’re here, what do you think of this place?”


 Fairy Zi Wei also smiled: “I was too anxious, with senior Duke Long’s teachings, Feng Jin Huang’s progress is really beyond imagination.”


 Duke Long shook his head: “I don’t have any foundation in dream path, Huang Er was able to have such accomplishments all because of her own aptitude and intelligence. I am only looking after her, to prevent any accidents in her cultivation.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes brightened, praising sincerely: “This child is truly the hope for Heavenly Court to unite the five regions.”


 Duke Long nodded his head as light flickered in his eyes: “I know where your unease is coming from.”


 “Oh? Please clear up my doubts, Lord Duke Long.”


 “My wisdom path attainment is immeasurably lower than yours, but there are only a few possible sources of unease after all. Since it is not Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul, or Feng Jin Huang, then that only leaves Red Lotus.”


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable!


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes immediately brightened: “You are talking about Red Lotus’ true inheritance?”


 Three Demon Venerables attacked Heavenly Court, but only Red Lotus Demon Venerable almost destroyed fate Immortal Gu. Even outsiders could realize the unresigned nature of Red Lotus, possibly, through the true inheritance left behind by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he wanted the inheritor to completely destroy fate Immortal Gu!


 “How is the progress in searching for Red Lotus’ true inheritance?” Duke Long asked.


 Fairy Zi Wei said: “Present and Past Pavilion has been in the River of Time all along, as long as Fang Yuan enters, we will definitely know. Eternal Yacht is almost completed and will enter the River of Time after a few days to search for Red Lotus true inheritance together with Present and Past Pavilion. I still plan to construct Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever. With these four time path Immortal Gu Houses, no matter how much Fang Yuan has grown, he will completely fail in front of this impassable barrier!”



***
Chapter 1612 - Successfully Constructing the Year Essence Pool


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A dreamlike wisp of dawn rays, bright and fresh, was constantly rotating above the palm of Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 In Fang Yuan’s surroundings, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were already prepared and ready.


 “Let’s start.” Fang Yuan said. Auras of Gu worms suddenly rose from his body as his immortal essence expended rapidly, the rank eight immortal material spiral dawn light suddenly exploded, covering the surrounding hundred li.


 Almost at the same time, Ying Wu Xie and the rest set to work, confining this spiral dawn light and not letting it spread farther.


 Spiral dawn light was extremely stretchable, it expanded over the surroundings. Although its luster was no longer as transparent as a water wave, Fang Yuan could still feel the slight wind from the spirals at the central area.


 Fang Yuan saw that the Shadow Sect immortals had already stabilized the situation, and took out the second portion of spiral dawn light, using it similarly.


 Lumps of spiral dawn light erupted, dying the surrounding hundred li with illusory shadows that constantly flickered.


 At this time, Fang Yuan took out seven treasures water.


 This water was a plain grey color. All kinds of solid bumps that were like gold, silver, pearls, gems, jades, and agates formed naturally in the water. But the moment these solid bumps were extracted from the seven treasures water, they would turn into seven treasures water and splash down.


 The time path clone lifted a portion of seven treasures water above his head.


 The time path clone could only act as support in this next step, Fang Yuan’s main body had to take the primary role. The reason being that Fang Yuan’s time path clone was only rank six, thus unable to bear this responsibility.


 The divine sense of Fang Yuan’s main body had already covered this place, and could immediately sense if there was anything wrong.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan activated his methods, immortal essence expending rapidly.


 A white light landed on the seven treasures water, the seven treasures water quickly started burbling and boiling, with countless bubbles rising up to the surface.


 The solid bumps in the seven treasures water were like snow encountering hot sun, they melted rapidly at a visible rate.


 The seven treasures water’s volume continued to expand, and soon, all those solid bumps disappeared.


 After purifying the seven treasures water, another strange light shot into the seven treasures water.


 The seven treasures water quickly turned into an ice block; cold air spread out from it, rapidly engulfing Fang Yuan’s time path clone before spreading to the surroundings, covering one hundred li precisely.


 When Ying Wu Xie and the rest saw this, they quickly threw the eight-parts jade in their hands into the dense fog.


 Everything progressed smoothly...


 Several days later in sovereign immortal aperture, a rumbling sound resonated within this area as an enormous one hundred li long pool formed completely.


 “This is my rank eight year essence pool!”


 Because of sufficient preparation and the advantage of his luck, Fang Yuan successfully constructed this year essence pool on his first try.


 Fang Yuan carefully examined it repeatedly and confirmed there were no flaws before he activated time path methods to draw in a tributary of the River of Time.


 In every immortal aperture world, as long as time passes inside, there would definitely be a tributary of the River of Time.


 The tributary of the River of Time was usually invisible, it could only be targeted using special time path methods.


 Bubble bubble...


 The tributary of the River of Time in sovereign immortal aperture was much wider and rapid than in ordinary immortal apertures.


 The tributary poured into year essence pool smoothly and flowed out from the other end of the year essence pool.


 However, the tributary of the River of Time that flowed out was thin as a brook, no longer torrential as before.


 The water surface of the year essence pool started to rise slowly.


 In the following period of time, the whole sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow would continue to slow down. The tributary of the River of Time that flowed out would be restored to its previous state when the year essence pool was completely filled; the flow of time in sovereign immortal aperture would also be restored subsequently.


 The year essence pool was successfully constructed, Fang Yuan’s time path clone and Shadow Sect’s immortals were exhausted. They had been pouring all their energy and concentration into this task, without any rest for several days. They had also expended a lot of immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan’s main body’s divine sense was still staying to observe it while the others left to rest.


 Fang Yuan’s time path methods gradually lost their effects, the year essence pool and the tributary of the River of Time also became increasingly dimmer till they completely disappeared after a while, deeply concealed inside sovereign immortal aperture.


 The year essence pool was rather special, it had integrated with the tributary of the River of Time thus it was also concealed.


 It was not just a resource point, but also had the effect of a dam.


 For instance, draining the year essence pool’s water or accumulating water in it could cause a change in the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time.


 Although Fang Yuan had immortal killer moves like days pass like years and so on, these moves expended immortal essence and every time they were used, they would have no more influence on the tributary of the River of Time for a set interval of time.


 But with the year essence pool, this became much easier.


 Many Gu Immortals, even if they did not cultivate time path, would construct this kind of essence pool in their immortal aperture to change their immortal aperture’s rate of time.


 Naturally, they mainly constructed rank six or rank seven year essence pools, and not a rank eight year essence pool like Fang Yuan.


 The cost of a rank eight year essence pool was enormous, requiring huge investments, and also required formation path methods.


 It was essentially an immortal Gu formation.


 It was fortunate that Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was at grandmaster, and could use the dao marks in the immortal materials to set up immortal formations.


 Year beasts began to howl in joy.


 The water level of the year essence pool was still low, only a small number of desolate level year beasts sensed it and dived in.


 They were born in the River of Time, growing and also dying in it. The most suitable environment for them was also the River of Time. And the year essence pool imitated the environment of the River of Time, it was no wonder these year beasts were joyous.


 Following the continuous pouring of the tributary of the River of Time, the year essence pool was slowly expanding.


 Be it spiral dawn light, seven treasures water, or eight-parts jade, they all had excellent stretchability and were also merged into one, so they would not self-disintegrate.


 When the year essence pool gets completely filled, this rank eight year essence pool would expand to a terrifying ten thousand li length.


 What was even more amazing was that it was concealed deeply and was like an illusion, not occupying any space in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The year essence pool was like an independent small world where Fang Yuan could build a food chain, it had no relation to the sovereign immortal aperture.


 What made Fang Yuan most satisfied was that the year essence pool could restrain year beasts, making them move around only in the essence pool and not escape outside.


 With this characteristic, Fang Yuan could accommodate even more year beasts, and those year beasts could be completely wild, like wild immemorial year beasts.


 Fang Yuan could only control seven immemorial year beasts currently, if any of these immemorial year beasts were killed in battles, Fang Yuan was unable to replenish them.


 But if the year essence pool had other wild immemorial year beasts, the moment Fang Yuan lost one or two immemorial year beasts, he could temporarily enslave the wild immemorial year beasts to replenish his troops.


 This would be extremely helpful in his plan in the River of Time!


 After this period of recuperation, Fang Yuan’s main body’s injuries were completely healed.


 “It is time to separate these Gu Immortals’ souls and bodies, then soul search them one by one.”


 At the same time, Fang Yuan did not stop extorting Southern Border’s righteous path forces.


 However, he met with strong resistance this time.


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces had united to resist Fang Yuan.


 The year essence pool’s cost was too high, Fang Yuan’s previous extortions had already made these forces bleed. Fang Yuan kept on asking Southern Border’s righteous path to show their sincerity, while he himself did not show any sincerity. Southern Border’s righteous path secretly ruminated over this, deciding to unite and jointly put pressure on Fang Yuan to force him to give in.


 Several days later.


 “If you don’t show your sincerity, our Southern Border’s righteous path will not give you any more resources!” A Shang clan Gu Immortal was chosen to represent the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path to negotiate with Fang Yuan.


 His words quickly shifted: “All our clans of Southern Border have already shown our sincerity, now it is your turn to show us yours. Only then can we discuss further, otherwise, even if you kill those Gu Immortals, we won’t compromise!”


 Fang Yuan sneered: “What sincerity do you want from me? Release a portion of the hostages?”


 The Shang clan Gu Immortal quickly responded: “We won’t make excessive demands of asking for the hostages immediately, we can move step by step, for instance, Immortal Gu. You don’t need many of the Immortal Gu, you can first return these Immortal Gu to us, and as the price, we will give you the cultivation resources you need.”


 Southern Border’s righteous path were not idiots. If they asked Fang Yuan to release a portion of the hostages, then the righteous path clans who got back their immortals might not put much effort in the next negotiations. So they would rather start bargaining with Fang Yuan starting from Immortal Gu, then immortal aperture resources, Gu Immortal physical bodies, finally the Gu Immortals’ souls.


 Like this, Southern Border’s righteous path could unite, advancing and retreating together.



***
Chapter 1613 - Threatening the Whole of Southern Border’s Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You want to get back Immortal Gu? Impossible!” Fang Yuan laughed coldly.


 Immortal Gu were unique!


 They were the only one of their kind in the world. Fang Yuan possessing them meant others could not have them, thus their value was inestimable.


 Even though Fang Yuan had once sold Immortal Gu to purchase a huge amount of eagle beasts, he was in fatal danger at that time and had no choice but to do so.


 Fang Yuan possessed countless killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes, he could make use of almost all Immortal Gu.


 The problem was the feeding burden.


 Fang Yuan had basically solved this issue for his Immortal Gu. But now, there was an addition of a large number of Immortal Gu, however, the feeding resources for these Immortal Gu were almost all in the bodies of their respective Gu Immortals.


 These Gu Immortal experts were trump cards of their respective clans and had deep foundation, how could they not be able to feed their own Gu worms? It was because they could provide the food for their Immortal Gu by themselves that their battle strength was stable, they enjoyed unlimited glory.


 Currently, Fang Yuan indeed could not use a lot of the Immortal Gu, but what about the future?


 The future was uncertain!


 In the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan could turn around the situation not only because of the guidance of Star Constellation heaven’s will, the crucial key was that he possessed change soul Immortal Gu.


 Without this unassuming rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have already died. Shadow Sect would have succeeded in defying heaven.


 The difference in having the Immortal Gu and not having it was as different as heaven and earth.


 Who could say if, in the future, one of these Immortal Gu might be able to help Fang Yuan turn around the situation like change soul Immortal Gu.


 Not to mention that if Fang Yuan sold these Immortal Gu, someone might make an unimaginable comeback like Fang Yuan back in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain!


 Fang Yuan refused the proposal of transacting Immortal Gu without hesitation.


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortal was not angry: “Then how about exchanging Gu?”


 This new proposal interested Fang Yuan.


 Southern Border’s righteous path wanted to recover their losses as much as possible. Everyone knew Fang Yuan’s viciousness and that he could very easily kill the hostages, so they were prepared for the worst.


 Those Immortal Gu on the captives had enormous value to the respective clans. This was because they knew the usage methods, a lot of the Immortal Gu had even been taken away from the clan’s storage, the clan also had respective killer moves. Many killer moves were even their trump card methods which would be difficult to use without the corresponding Immortal Gu.


 As such, Southern Border’s righteous path forces were willing to give up some Immortal Gu in their storage, as these Immortal Gu did not have too high of a value to them. It was more worthwhile for them to use these Immortal Gu to exchange for the Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang Yuan pondered for a moment, this deal was profitable to both sides, and was also very beneficial to him.


 The Immortal Gu that the Southern Border clans could not use and were of less value to them could be of great importance to Fang Yuan.


 “You have my interest. But what Gu worms can your clans bring out?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortal had already prepared for this, immediately sending a list to Fang Yuan through treasure yellow heaven.


 Who knew that after Fang Yuan received the list, he said: “I need to look at this list properly. I also have lists here that I will send to your respective clans.”


 “Fang Yuan, I have already said it, unless you display your sincerity, our Southern Border righteous path won’t be extorted by you any more!” The Shang clan Gu Immortal’s tone immediately changed.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Your Southern Border righteous path wants to exchange Immortal Gu, sure. But my condition is that you will have to first send the immortal materials in my list to me. Only then will you have the qualifications to make an exchange.”


 “Fang Yuan, don’t go too overboard. If you act like this, we won’t continue our discussion.”


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed, “The Shang clan Gu Immortal that I currently have captured is Shang Hu Zhang, right? What do you think will happen if I sell him to Fu Sheng Xian?”


 Shang clan Gu Immortal was immediately stumped.


 Fu Sheng Xian was a rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal of Southern Border who had a deep-seated hatred with Shang Hu Zhang. More than once, he had proclaimed that were Shang Hu Zhang to end up in his hands, he was going to flay the latter’s skin and tear the tendons before crushing his bones into ash.


 “I believe Fu Sheng Xian will definitely be very interested in buying Shang Hu Zhang.” Fang Yuan said in a leisurely tone.


 “Fang Yuan, you dare!” Shang clan’s Gu Immortal erupted in anger.


 “Haha, what would I not dare to do?” Fang Yuan retorted: “I even dared to offend Heavenly Court, why would I fear your mere Shang clan?”


 “You, You!” Shang clan’s Gu Immortal could not restrain his anger at Fang Yuan’s response.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Don’t overestimate yourself, you are only someone who was chosen to negotiate with me. Did you really think you could represent the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path? Let me give another example, Luo clan’s Luo Fei is also among the captives. What if I tear all her clothes and throw her into a cesspit? Or what if I throw her into a group of giant apes in heat, and use information path Gu to record every scene, then put them for sale in treasure yellow heaven?”


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortal gritted his teeth, a deep disgust flashing past his eyes: “Fang Yuan, you are an infamous demon, the Reverse Flow River Lord, inheritor of Red Lotus, Spectral Soul, and many other inheritances, your name is renowned throughout the world, how could you be so shameless and despicable?”


 “No, no, no, you are wrong.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “I am not despicable, but your attitude is not correct. You have been trying to provoke me, even trying to drive a wedge between me and other clans by saying bad words about them, like how Luo clan is cursing me and wants to plot against me. I believed your words, so I took revenge against Luo clan.”


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortal was unable to say a word, his whole body trembled, his face paled and cold sweat started dripping from his forehead.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Now, you still think you can represent the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path?”


 After a good while, the Shang clan Gu Immortal said with a tired expression: “Alright, you win, Fang Yuan. I will bring back your list, but I can’t guarantee their response.”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I don’t need your guarantee, you also don’t have the qualifications to give me a guarantee. Even if you could, I would not believe you. Go back, you can twist my words and add fuel to the fire when you relay the message to them. Oh, that’s right, I need a satisfying answer within three days. If not, I will first sell Shang Hu Zhang to Fu Sheng Xian.”


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortal immediately panicked: “Fang Yuan, you can’t do this! I can represent Shang clan to discuss with you right now in private...”


 “I refuse!”


 “Fang Yuan? Fang Yuan! Damn it!!!” Shang clan Gu Immortal lost contact with Fang Yuan, veins popped out his forehead and pulsed like lightning.


 Before the three days limit was reached, Southern Border’s righteous path handed over all the materials in Fang Yuan’s list.


 With hostages in hand, Fang Yuan held too great of an initiative.


 He did not need to use any methods and just needed to play some despicable tricks to destroy the tens of thousands of years of reputation that Southern Border’s righteous path had, making them the greatest laughingstocks in the eyes of every Gu Immortal.


 For the countless years that had passed, there were naturally cases where righteous path Gu Immortals had fallen into the hands of the demonic path.


 But some of these demonic path Gu Immortals were not as crazy as Fang Yuan, while most of them did not have Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were rare, even if Southern Border’s righteous path forces did not have a wisdom path Gu Immortal in their own clan, they could rely on relations to get help from a wisdom path great expert.


 But when it came to Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan himself cultivated wisdom path and his emperor yama killer move could even defend against Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions, when he hid himself, Southern Border’s righteous path simply could not find his location. More importantly, Fang Yuan had the battle strength to fight rank eight, his nature was cruel and he was extremely cunning. What other options did Southern Border’s righteous path have other than to accept Fang Yuan’s conditions?


 Naturally, this was because Fang Yuan’s extortions had not yet reached the bottom line of Southern Border’s righteous path.


 If it truly reached their bottom line, Southern Border’s righteous path would absolutely not be so nice.


 “Fang Yuan, we can talk properly now, right?” The previous Shang clan Gu Immortal found Fang Yuan once again.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Are you truly so unpopular that you are still doing this troublesome job?”


 The Shang clan Gu Immortal’s face was gloomy, just like Fang Yuan said, this task was harming his reputation, but what could he do? He had no choice but to show up, Shang clan’s first supreme elder had personally mentioned his name.


 “Let’s cut to the chase. We have already satisfied your condition, now...” Before he finished speaking, Fang Yuan interrupted.


 “It is my turn to show sincerity. Here.”


 “What is this?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “This is an information path mortal Gu for Yi clan. I have used some blood path methods to create it, so only Yi clan’s Gu Immortals can refine it. Even if others try to refine it, it will end up in failure. Even if they use some methods to refine it, they will not receive my exact message.”


 “This...”


 “No more questions, take it back and you will know.”


 “Fang Yuan? Fang Yuan! Damn it, he left again!” Shang clan Gu Immortal was stifled, he could only hand over this Gu worm like Fang Yuan said.


 Yi clan refined it, obtaining an address.


 They were worried this was another of Fang Yuan’s traps, so they gathered the other clans and moved together.


 In the location, they saw Gu Immortal Yi Yang.


 “Yi Yang! This is my clan’s Yi Yang!”


 “Oh my goodness, this scum Fang Yuan actually released a hostage.”


 In an instant, Southern Border’s immortals were surprised and joyous, while also being unable to believe this.


 “Wait a moment, don’t get happy so soon. There might be an issue with this Yi Yang!” Without needing the reminder of other clans, Yi clan had already begun carrying out a comprehensive inspection.


 The final result was this was indeed Yi Yang and not Fang Yuan’s disguise. It was just that this was not the complete Yi Yang, but just his body.


 Yi Yang’s soul was still in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang Yuan’s action made Southern Border’s Gu Immortals see hope of redeeming the captives. In the next meeting, Fang Yuan directly admitted: “I released Yi Yang’s body so I can obtain even more benefits. Who is to say that I can’t imprison the rest of you in the future, so I can’t damage my reputation, right? Don’t worry, as long as you can pay the price, I will release all the captives.”


 “This scum Fang Yuan...” Southern Border’s righteous path did not know how they should respond.


 The immortals felt mixed feelings, they were happy at seeing hopes of redeeming the hostages, but felt disgust, anger, hatred, and helplessness towards Fang Yuan, including a trace of unease and fear.


 Fang Yuan could appear and disappear unpredictably, he had the ability to imprison lone righteous path Gu Immortals. As long as he succeeded, he could escape to an enormous distance once and Southern Border’s righteous path would have no way to find his location.


 The whole of Southern Border’s righteous path was threatened by Fang Yuan, even rank eight Gu Immortals were feeling vigilant. Even they did not feel safe against Fang Yuan, Xia Cha was the best example after all!



***
Chapter 1614 - Soul Search


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s words made Southern Border’s righteous path furious and wary, but he had reached his objective of persuading them.


 Although this frankness caused Southern Border’s righteous path to feel even more hatred towards Fang Yuan, they chose to believe in Fang Yuan’s ‘sincerity’.


 In fact, they were willing to believe in this sincerity.


 Because losing a Gu Immortal would be an even greater loss to them!


 It would not matter much if it were rank six Gu Immortals with ordinary abilities. The thing was, the captives were rank seven experts, trump cards of their respective clans. Xia clan’s Xia Cha was even its first supreme elder.


 Losing such experts would greatly affect the whole clan.


 Spirit Affinity House had once lost Feng Jiu Ge; its resource points had immediately been coveted by the surrounding ancient sects, and they were under huge pressure.


 The ten great ancient sects had the same superior — Heavenly Court, their relations were much closer than Southern Border’s righteous path, but this situation occurred even then. Were the Southern Border righteous path forces to end up in such a situation, their state would no doubt be worse.


 So be it if every Southern Border righteous path clan lost these Gu Immortals. What made them secretly worried was Fang Yuan killing some and releasing some.


 Earth veins were stirring, all kinds of immortal materials and wild Immortal Gu appeared endlessly, it had already caused every Southern Border force to fight each other, they were almost at the point of killing for these resources.


 There were many, many individual forces in Southern Border’s righteous path, they were already filled with enough conflicts, and the movement of these earth veins had further intensified these conflicts.


 If Fang Yuan killed some and released some, there was no doubt that the original balance between the righteous path forces would be broken, the whole of Southern Border’s situation would once again be unstable.


 The Southern Border righteous path forces were allowing themselves to be extorted by Fang Yuan, was it just because they were afraid of him or because they were worried about the captives?


 It was not as simple as that.


 They were also worried about themselves.


 Whoever Fang Yuan released or killed could change the whole of Southern Border’s situation.


 They were indeed afraid of Fang Yuan despite them not admitting it. But they were even more wary of each other!


 Fang Yuan could clearly see this political tension, and thus was able to unscrupulously extort Southern Border’s righteous path.


 “The righteous path assumes dignified airs, but is absolutely not ambiguous when taking action. Northern Plains’ Hei tribe was an excellent example, Hei tribe weakened, and with the excuse of harboring a culprit of the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was immediately besieged by all the Huang Jin tribes.”


 “Compared to lone, wandering immortals like me, no matter how much we extort, we can’t take away territories and we also cannot quickly build a super force to occupy these territories. On the other hand, righteous path forces have a lot of manpower and have the instinct to expand, so the threat is even higher.”


 “Speaking of which, this is also because there are many Southern Border forces while lacking a powerful leader. If I were to do this in Central Continent, none of the ten great ancient sects would give any attention to me!”


 “Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea are filled with many individual forces, it is just that the conflicts are the deepest in Southern Border because of the movement in earth veins in this period of time. As for Northern Plains...”


 A trace of a smile appeared on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Compared to his previous life, Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven had already appeared to the world ahead of time, and was now actively uniting the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Previously, this plan was obstructed by Heavenly Court, who knew which pawn of Heavenly Court disguised as Fang Yuan to kill Cloud Gentleman, thwarting Longevity Heaven’s plan to recruit Northern Plains’ lone immortals.


 But not long ago, Longevity Heaven had a turning point.


 That was Lang Ya Sect seeking refuge.


 Longevity Heaven absorbed the whole of Lang Ya Sect, moreover doing it with full publicity, letting the whole world know that they had taken in Lang Ya blessed land, giving Lang Ya blessed land an equal status according to the former agreement between Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor, also ensuring their safety.


 This action of promoting their recruitment of a powerful force was truly spectacular!


 All the Gu Immortals of five regions were shaken.


 Lang Ya blessed land’s Gu Immortals were all variant humans, but Longevity Heaven could actually be so generous. That meant their treatment of human Gu Immortals would definitely be even better.


 Longevity Heaven thus successfully turned around people’s hearts, changing the mindset of the Gu Immortals in the whole of Northern Plains. Their plan of recruiting lone immortals progressed rapidly, completely different from before.


 “Speaking of which, Lang Ya land spirit was able to get help from Longevity Heaven, they were truly fortunate.”


 Longevity Heaven was actively taking action, Northern Plains would definitely bring even more trouble to Central Continent in the five regions chaotic war.


 While Western Desert’s Xiao clan and Southern Border’s Chi clan were secretly receiving Fang Yuan’s support.


 This was not all, in this period of time, Fang Yuan was constantly mentioning the threat possessed by Heavenly Court in treasure yellow heaven; repeatedly mentioning the problem of the killer move star cast and fate Immortal Gu. Videos of the battle of Reverse Flow River, battle of the dream realm, the battle of Lang Ya Sect, were all displayed in treasure yellow heaven by Fang Yuan, constantly playing on loop, silently recounting Heavenly Court’s ambitious and tyrannical way of meddling with the other four regions.


 Such actions seemingly had no response. But Fang Yuan believed that there was no super force in the other four regions that did not detest Heavenly Court’s actions! They were just temporarily restraining themselves.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects accepted Heavenly Court because they were sub-sects of Heavenly Court, founded by the members of Heavenly Court.


 Northern Plains’ righteous path forces could accept Longevity Heaven because they descended from the same bloodline, and Longevity Heaven was Ancestor Giant Sun’s grotto-heaven that represented the righteous path.


 While Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea were controlled by various super forces. They were used to abusing their powers, and none of them wanted a force to boss them around.


 Days later, in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Search!


 Fang Yuan had already designed a killer move with the rank seven soul search Immortal Gu, taken from Yang Ku, as the core. Its efficiency was a dozen times higher than just activating the soul search Immortal Gu.


 Under the effect of this killer move, all kinds of information was extracted out of every Gu Immortal’s soul and sent to Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan saw the lifestyle of each Gu Immortal clearly, their cultivation secrets and techniques, factional disputes in their respective forces, secret storages, and so on.


 Fang Yuan already had a good understanding of Southern Border. On one hand, there were records of it among Shadow Sect’s true inheritances, while he had also learned a lot through Wu clan’s information when he had infiltrated them as Wu Yi Hai.


 With such a foundation, this first-hand information of many Gu Immortals was added, further deepening Fang Yuan’s understanding of Southern Border’s situation.


 Even rank eight Gu Immortals like Wu Yong and Chi Qu You would not have such detailed understanding of Southern Border’s situation.


 “Looks like the Immortal Gu list they gave me is correct, except they have concealed some information.”


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces wanted to exchange Gu, and gave Fang Yuan their list of Immortal Gu. Right now, Fang Yuan immediately understood each force’s foundation by soul searching these Gu Immortals. Rank six or ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals probably would not have such information, but these rank seven Gu Immortals were experts of their forces. Strength meant authority, so every one of them was a core of their clan’s higher-ups.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised at the clans hiding information.


 Because he knew that the Immortal Gu which were not mentioned were those that the clans were not willing to exchange with and that were very valuable to the respective clan. If Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for the Immortal Gu on the list, it could be done more easily.


 In fact, he also wanted to exchange Gu.


 “I need to construct an Immortal Gu House to be a base for me to rest and recuperate in River of Time. And, with an Immortal Gu House, Shadow Sect’s immortals can also participate in the battle and lend me a hand.”


 Fang Yuan could exchange the Immortal Gu which he did not need. After all, if Southern Border’s righteous path was strengthened, they would be able to resist Heavenly Court much more efficiently.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan would not exchange those Immortal Gu which he had great use for.


 Immortal Gu were unique, they were priceless, but even more important was the overall situation!


 Heavenly Court.


 Immortal formation rumbled loudly, Fairy Zi Wei looked at Spectral Soul while holding an iron dragonfish.


 Scenes of relevant memories were surging out of Spectral Soul and playing in front of Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “With this portion of the food path true inheritance, Heavenly Court can also produce, iron, copper, silver, and gold dragonfish, we can change the situation in treasure yellow heaven. Spectral Soul, you are already done for. Dang Hun Mountain’s detonation gave you some time to prolong your dying breath, but now, what can you rely on?”


 Spectral Soul was condensed into a lump, silent like a dead object.



***
Chapter 1615 - Continued Progress


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Search!


 A vast force shot at Xia Cha’s soul fiercely, but Xia Cha’s soul suddenly shined with time path dao marks that completely blocked Fang Yuan’s soul search killer move.


 But Fang Yuan did not give up, continuing to instill immortal essence without stopping.


 A good while later, like a pair of hands lifting a corner of a stuck steel board, a gap appeared in the time path dao marks protecting Xia Cha’s soul, allowing Fang Yuan’s soul search killer move to finally take effect.


 At the next moment, a huge amount of information was greedily absorbed by Fang Yuan. But the time path dao marks had not admitted defeat, the surrounding dao marks moved in to fill the gap.


 As time passed, this gap which Fang Yuan had made after so much effort was once again filled in with time path dao marks. Furthermore, the defensive power of this area was even stronger than before!


 Fang Yuan’s soul search killer move thus stopped here.


 “This Xia Cha is indeed worthy of being a rank eight Gu Immortal, she has such a robust foundation that even her soul is protected by a time path defensive method that can resist a rank seven soul search killer move.”


 “This defensive method also has self recovery and counterattacking abilities, it is truly wonderful.”


 After Fang Yuan stole all the Immortal Gu from the Southern Border immortal captives, he extracted their souls, separating them from their bodies.


 At this state, the threat of these Southern Border captives had already fallen to a negligible level. It was then the process of searching their souls that no longer had the protection of a physical body.


 The souls of Tie Qu Zhong, Shang Hu Zhang and others did not give much trouble to Fang Yuan, so all their memories and information were extracted by Fang Yuan.


 But he encountered some trouble with Yang Ku. Yang Ku was a rank seven expert who primarily cultivated soul path, so he naturally had strong resistance towards soul search methods.


 Yang Ku still could not be considered troublesome, even more troublesome was Liu Hao.


 Liu Hao’s fixed space Immortal Gu and other Gu were tampered by Heavenly Court, so Fang Yuan was not able to obtain them. Heavenly Court naturally did not forget about his soul, putting in layers of strong defensive methods on it.


 But these two were still soul searched by Fang Yuan in the end.


 If Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were sacred lands of soul cultivation, Fang Yuan’s Spectral Soul true inheritance was no doubt the number one soul path sacred scripture!


 Fang Yuan had thus learned of Liu Hao’s true identity, a spy of Heavenly Court.


 However, Xia Cha’s soul was still the most troublesome one.


 Her soul was filled with time path dao marks which had formed into a tight defense that blocked any external attacks. Fang Yuan’s soul search was naturally a kind of attack and was harmful to Xia Cha.


 Fang Yuan tried all his methods, using Immortal formations to suppress the soul, modifying the soul search killer move, finally reaching the limit of the soul search killer move’s power so that he could search Xia Cha’s soul.


 But this soul search was extremely difficult and did not progress smoothly.


 Fang Yuan often had to use a herculean effort before he could open a tiny gap. But this gap would be covered again by time path dao marks, not long later.


 Fang Yuan could only soul search in the limited duration of the gap. After this duration passed, the gap would be closed by even more time path dao marks than before, its defense increasing further.


 Fortunately, the time path dao marks on Xia Cha’s soul did not increase, an increase in time path dao marks in the gap meant there were few dao marks in other areas. This gave Fang Yuan even better chances for his next attack.


 The others’ souls were already searched completely, only Xia Cha’s soul remained.


 Fang Yuan continued to target Xia Cha’s soul, while using the time path clone to go into each Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture by using Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Because he had obtained first-hand information from soul searching, Fang Yuan was fully aware of the landscape inside these Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures. He could easily enter the immortal apertures by using Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan was also aware of what resources these immortal apertures were hiding.


 In a Gu Immortal’s cultivation, the immortal aperture was an extremely important factor. All of these Southern Border immortals were experts with deep foundation, their immortal aperture management was naturally at a superior level with all kinds of good stuff inside.


 But these Gu Immortals would be released by Fang Yuan.Read comics on our ReadReadRead.live


 Because the benefits from annexing their immortal apertures and absorbing their dao marks were far inferior to the benefits from extorting those super forces.


 An increase in dao marks brought in an increase in foundation as well as a brighter future.


 But no matter how beautiful the future was, it was nothing if he could not cross the present obstacle.


 The present obstacle was naturally fate Gu, more accurately, he had to stop Heavenly Court from restoring fate Gu.


 But Fang Yuan had made no progress in this, he was currently able to avoid Heavenly Court’s pursuit, but fate Gu was protected in the depths of Heavenly Court, stopping Heavenly Court from restoring it was far beyond Fang Yuan’s capability.


 So Fang Yuan was thinking of every way possible to enter the River of Time and inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 In the history of humans, three great Demon Venerables had successively attacked Heavenly Court, but only Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to break fate Gu, although he could not completely destroy it, he had indeed broken fate Gu. In the true inheritances left behind by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, there were likely to be plans targeted at destroying fate Gu.


 To smoothly inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance and not be destroyed by Heavenly Court in the process, Fang Yuan needed to raise his time path strength. Other paths’ methods were greatly weakened and not useful when fighting in the River of Time.


 Year essence pool, time path Immortal Gu House, as well as many other things required Fang Yuan to transact with the Southern Border righteous path, his chips were naturally these Gu Immortal captives.


 Several days later in the sovereign immortal aperture’s time.


 Roar—!


 In the sky of Mini Southern Border, a dark green ‘rock dragon’ roared, its enormous and slender body twisting around.


 Then, under the effect of Fang Yuan’s killer move, the ‘rock dragon’ pierced into Mini Southern Border’s ground. Loud rumbling noises resounded over the surroundings as this ‘rock dragon’ pierced into the depths of the ground until even its tail disappeared underground.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath: “The matter of drawing in the mineral vein is finally finished.”


 This ‘rock dragon’ was not the rock dragon of the rockman tribe, but was the manifestation of a mineral vein. This mineral vein was constructed by using rank seven immortal material dark inkstone. Fang Yuan had moved it over from an earth path Southern Border captive’s immortal aperture.


 As for the method to move such a large mineral vein, Spectral Soul’s true inheritance naturally had it, but the Immortal Gu and the killer move Fang Yuan used came from that captive.


 The captive used to relocate outside world’s dark inkstone mines into their immortal aperture. Fang Yuan was only imitating them.


 “With this dark inkstone mineral vein, I can extract a batch every year and sell them in treasure yellow heaven.”


 This profit was not much, but it was a steady income.


 Because the dark inkstone mineral vein would expand itself by absorbing the surrounding earth qi. As long as Fang Yuan extracted limited amounts, he would have a continuous flow of dark inkstones.


 Although dark inkstone did not have a high price among rank seven immortal materials, it was still a rank seven immortal material, its price could not be neglected.


 “Maybe... I can move in a batch of rockmen and breed them near the dark inkstone vein.” Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought.


 This was extremely beneficial to the rockmen.


 The higher the quality of the mineral veins, the more helpful it would be for a rockman tribe’s procreation, survival, and strengthening. What was even more amazing was that the rockmen could also nurture these mineral veins and increase their purity.


 This was a win-win situation for both sides.


 But this dark inkstone mineral vein was not suitable for mining yet, and moving in rockmen would only make it their new home.


 Fang Yuan thought for a moment before deciding to bring in some rockmen.


 The profits from mining the dark inkstone mineral vein was of no importance to him, what he was more interested in was the future benefits brought by the rockmen and the mineral vein.


 Fang Yuan had not just obtained this one dark inkstone mineral vein from the Southern Border captives.


 There were dozens of mountains in Mini Southern Border now.


 Most of them were ordinary mountains, but were filled with dense earth path dao marks, they were treasure troves.


 There were also some mountain ranges that reached the level of famous mountains!


 For instance, Interior Rain mountain.


 This mountain’s peak was always shrouded by a layer of dark clouds from where light rain continued to fall.


 The drizzling rain was not ordinary rainwater, but rank six immortal material interior rain!


 Another example was Copper Seal mountain.


 This mountain was red and had a squarish shape, it was like a large seal was standing upright in Mini Southern Border.


 Copper Seal mountain did not have even a trace of soil, it was completely formed from all kinds of copper, mortal level copper like chaotic sky copper, pragna copper, snow flower copper, and so on, and immortal copper like profound gray copper and ascending dragon copper.


 Naturally, the mortal level copper were of the highest amount and occupied the most space, while immortal coppers only occupied a small portion and were mostly rank six immortal materials. The highest level of the copper was a unique rank seven copper, the famous domination copper! With this copper present, it essentially could not support another rank seven copper.


 Mountains, mineral veins, forests... as these Gu Immortal captives were from Southern Border, nearly half of the stolen resources were moved to Mini Southern Border. Because these resources were extremely suited to this environment.


 The other half of the resources were split into the other four mini regions as well as the mini nine heavens.


 For instance, in Mini Central Continent, there was now a phantom shadow flower garden and a large fertile land filled with an enormous amount of immortal farmer soil.


 In Mini Northern Plains, there was now a heaven pillar wind. This wind’s appearance was like a tall pillar, extremely tall and long. When it blows, it will not cause movement, only blowing on the spot, from outside, it resembled a giant pillar that extended into the sky.


 In Mini Eastern Sea, there was a brand new sea area, wave flower sea area. The sea area was filled with turbulent waves, where countless magical flowers were formed during the moments where waves appeared and vanished. Because they had a short lifespan, they were hard to gather. Fang Yuan had been rather surprised when he obtained the method to nurture this resource from Yi Yang.


 In Mini Western Desert, a dozen hibiscus trees were planted, every branch of this tree was an immortal material!


 “The sovereign immortal aperture is too large, in terms of specific value, previously, the sovereign immortal aperture’s development was only at three to four percent. Now, because of these resources, it has reached eight to nine percent. There are still many resources left in these Southern Border Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures, and also Xia Cha’s grotto-heaven! With all of them added, the development will definitely pass ten percent.” Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.


 These resources were either on large or small scale, and a lot were large scale resource points and economic pillars of each Southern Border Gu Immortal!


 Heavenly Court had already made a move in treasure yellow heaven, selling copper dragonfish, iron dragonfish and silver dragonfish at heavily reduced price, causing a great impact to Fang Yuan’s dragonfish business.


 But so what?


 These dozen newly added economic pillars would support his continued progress!



***
Chapter 1616 - Request to Fang Clan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.


 Rumble!


 The ground shook violently for a moment, before the dense radiance of an earth path killer move covered the surrounding one hundred li.


 Like a large formless hand molding soft mud, the surrounding terrain began to sink in while the land in the periphery began to protrude out, forming a circular valley.


 This sunken land was surrounded by mountains, forming an environment that was isolated from the outside.


 There was no vegetation in this sunken land, soil was also scarce, it was instead covered by a large amount of steel.


 This was white steel bowl valley.


 Fang Yuan extorted the production method of the white steel extract resource point as well as corresponding construction materials from Shang clan.


 White steel bowl valley was a medium sized resource point, after its construction, it would coagulate rank seven immortal material white steel extract at the center of the valley.


 With this immortal material, Fang Yuan could feed rank seven edge Gu by himself.


 Previously, when he had plundered Tie Qu Zhong’s immortal aperture, he did not find resources to feed edge Gu, but after soul searching him, Fang Yuan realized he had intended to construct this resource point and had already discussed the price with Shang Hu Zhang.


 Fang Yuan directly extorted Shang clan, constructing white steel bowl valley without paying any price.


 After this task was done, Fang Yuan’s time path clone immediately moved towards Dang Hun Mountain.


 A lofty and large crystal mountain, pink throughout, was emitting illusory radiance.


 Fang Yuan threw soul cores into Dang Hun Mountain, not long later, a large amount of guts Gu was produced on the surface of the mountain.


 Dang Hun Mountain had finally recovered, looking close to its complete state!


 Ninety-nine percent restoration was already enough. Fang Yuan could not restore it completely, as Heavenly Court already knew Dang Hun Mountain’s appearance in its complete state. Although Fixed Immortal Travel was in Fang Yuan’s hand, who could say Heavenly Court did not have an immortal killer move that could produce the effect of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “From now on, I can produce a large amount of guts Gu and restart my guts Gu business once again.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air.


 It had not been easy to reach this state, Fang Yuan had expended a massive amount of immortal essence!


 Dang Hun Mountain had been destroyed before as well, but it had been destroyed by gruel mud Immortal Gu, it had turned into mud but still retained soul path dao marks.


 And this time, Fang Yuan only had a small piece of Dang Hun Mountain, most of the soul path dao marks had been destroyed with the destruction of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Through this process of restoring Dang Hun Mountain, Fang Yuan deeply experienced the power of the killer move orderly well.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had used this rank nine immortal killer move himself, its effect was magical and peerless. Fang Yuan could not have restored Dang Hun Mountain without its help.


 “With my guts Gu business, Heavenly Court is unable to limit my income any further.”


 “But with so many resource points taken from the Southern Border immortals, I can continue to cultivate without relying on guts Gu business.”


 “It is better to use these guts Gu for my own soul path cultivation.”


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had previously broken into one hundred million man soul level, but had greatly fallen now.


 Cultivating and raising his soul foundation once again meant Fang Yuan could enslave even more immemorial year beasts!


 “Such a pity that my development plan for green ghost desert did not succeed. Qing Chou has escaped, Suan Bu Jin’s identity was also exposed, I can no longer continue the plan of hunting soul beasts.”


 “However, I might be able to borrow Fang clan’s help...”


 Fang Yuan considered it.


 He wanted to cultivate his soul so he naturally needed more guts Gu, which also meant expending a lot of souls. The souls of the Southern Border Gu Immortals could not be used here, it would be a waste of their value. Soul cores were most suitable.


 Where could he get a large amount of soul cores?


 The price of soul cores had already gone up in treasure yellow heaven, it was especially high during this recent time.


 Fang Yuan knew this was Heavenly Court’s doing.


 Fang clan.


 Discussion hall, all the supreme elders had gathered.


 “Everyone, have a look at this letter.” At the main seat was an old man, he was tall and sturdy, with long white hair spreading around his head like a lion’s mane, he was Fang clan’s first supreme elder, Fang Gong.


 Fang clan’s second supreme elder, wisdom path great grandmaster Fang Di Chang, third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng, as well as Fang Zhi, Fang Chen, Fang Leng, and Fang Yun were all present.


 Everyone glanced through the letter and had different expressions.


 Fang Chen gritted his teeth: “I had already sensed that Suan Bu Jin was not a good person, but had not expected him to be Fang Yuan in disguise. Heavenly Court has exposed his identity, and is even blaming us Fang clan for colluding with a demonic person. Right now, our clan is being ostracized by other righteous path forces, it is all because of this demon Fang Yuan! And he wants us to supply him with soul cores? Hehe, he is truly dreaming!”


 Fang Chen had married into Fang clan, he once had a verbal dispute with Fang Yuan. He immediately showed his stance right now, not willing to associate with the demon Fang Yuan.


 Rank seven poison path Gu Immortal Fang Zhi glanced at Fang Chen, saying coldly: “So Fang Chen, you want to reject Fang Yuan’s request?”


 Fang Chen was stunned: “Is our Fang clan afraid of Fang Yuan? Right now, every large righteous path force is pressuring our Fang clan, their reason being that we colluded with a demonic path member. If we now make a deal with Fang Yuan, they will have an even bigger excuse to isolate us.”


 Fang Zhi was silent.


 In the trip to green ghost desert, Fang clan had beaten back Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortal Chen Yi, succeeded in capturing Divine Bean Palace, and also forcibly subdued two rank seven lone immortals, Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, to be Fang clan’s slaves. Their harvests were huge.


 But while they had made gains, Fang clan had also paid a considerable price. Their three Immortal Gu Houses had suffered serious damage, and they still had no ways to refine Divine Bean Palace.


 Fang clan’s strength had thus fallen greatly, Heavenly Court exposed this matter, causing Fang clan to be immediately met with difficulties from other Western Desert righteous path forces.


 But were they truly going to reject Fang Yuan?


 This question had already been lingering in the minds of Fang clan Gu Immortals.


 Could Fang clan afford to reject him?


 Fang clan was being troubled by every clan, they were in a precarious situation from the enormous pressure. And, they were going to offend Fang Yuan at such a crucial time?


 At present, who in the world did not know how vicious and crafty Fang Yuan was. He also had powerful battle strength to boot, even Heavenly Court was without options against him.


 And such a person happened to be all alone in the world with no fetters of relatives and loved ones, no territories or organization, Fang clan simply had no way to bargain against him!


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals started recalling past information, how Fang Yuan had used Fixed Immortal Travel to move around and continuously wreck the resource points of Southern Border’s Chi clan.


 If Fang clan truly refused Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan troubled them like he dealt with Chi clan, what should they do?


 Chi clan was a righteous path force of Southern Border, when they had been attacked by Fang Yuan, they did not receive support from any other clan. Fang clan’s situation would be much worse than Chi clan’s.


 Not only would Fang clan fail to receive reinforcements, they might even be pincer-attacked by other righteous path forces! If they were not careful, Fang clan would become the next Hei tribe from Northern Plains, their headquarters captured and their clan exterminated.


 “Fang Leng, Fang Yun, what are your opinions?” Fang Di Chang suddenly broke the silence.


 Fang Yun was stunned, they were only rank six, they normally could only listen from the side and had no qualifications to speak on this kind of occasion. Now, he was suddenly being asked, and was caught off-guard: “This... I also don’t know what we should do. After all, Fang Yuan saved my life, he is my benefactor. Moreover... haven’t we made an agreement with him? It should be alright to give him soul cores as the compensation. Ah, of course, I will listen to lord father, you can just deduce it.”


 Fang Di Chang’s expression was slightly dark, he took a glance at his adopted son before looking towards Fang Leng.


 Compared to the flippant Fang Yun, Fang Leng had a steady nature and was well thought of by many Gu Immortals of Fang clan, believing him to be the future hope of Fang clan.


 Fang Leng thought deeply before speaking: “I wonder if everyone has noticed that Fang Yuan did not use the name of Suan Bu Jin in this letter, but directly used his own name?”


 Fang Chen snorted: “It is because Heavenly Court already exposed it, it is useless for Fang Yuan to use Suan Bu Jin’s identity. He might also be thinking of threatening our clan. By using his name, he is trying to say: I am Fang Yuan, if your Fang clan does not follow my request, you shall face my, Fang Yuan’s, anger and vengeance!”


 Fang Leng smiled: “There is indeed this meaning. Fang Yuan is confident he can create trouble for our Fang clan. I also believe he can do this, so I think we should agree to Fang Yuan’s request.”


 “What?!” Fang Chen’s voice rose, his eyes widened as he tried to rebuke.


 But, Fang Di Chang waved his hand: “Let him continue.”


 Fang Chen did not dare to speak any more.


 Fang Leng took a deep breath before continuing: “Everyone, our clan has landed in a precarious situation and is being troubled from all around. Is it truly because we collaborated with the demon Fang Yuan?”


 “That is not the case! The true reason is that our clan obtained Divine Bean Palace, once we absorb our gains properly, the top spot among Western Desert’s righteous path forces will probably belong to our Fang clan. Strength represents power and authority, and even more importantly, benefits. Our clan’s rise will naturally be through stepping on other clans. This is why the other great clans are not tolerating us and are jointly pressuring us.”


 “If our clan does not satisfy Fang Yuan’s request and makes a clean break with him, will the other righteous path forces let us go? That is impossible! On the contrary, we will have made enemies with Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan has rank eight battle strength, if such a demonic overlord takes revenge, it will probably cause endless headache to any super force.”


 “And by satisfying Fang Yuan’s request, not only can we fulfil the previously set agreement, we can also improve our relationship, and even might be able to use his strength to deal with other super forces.”


 “Of course, we will send the soul cores secretly to him, and after discussing with him, we can act like we have completely broken off our relationship with him. What does it matter if we lose those rank six and rank seven soul cores? They are only immortal materials, as long as our Fang clan can get past this difficulty, what immortal material would we lack in the future?”


 The immortals fell into silence.


 Fang Di Chang chuckled.


 Fang Gong laughed heartily: “Good, we will do it like this then. Fang Yun, you get in touch with Fang Yuan.”


 “What? Huh!” Fang Yun was dazed, it was clearly Fang Leng who had analyzed and made the proposal, why was he the one to execute it? But first supreme elder’s command had to be obeyed, Fang Yun could only accept it.


 “This Fang Leng has sound judgment, he sees the overall situation clearly. First and second elder are painstakingly nurturing him into the future successor of Fang clan. How could such a person have a stain of colluding with a demon? So Fang Yun was ordered to take the task.” Fang Chen glanced at the ignorant Fang Yun with a pitying look.


 This pity also had sympathy.


 Why was Fang Yun made to do this task?


 That was because Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang’s adopted son.


 The two biggest factions in Fang clan belonged to first supreme elder Fang Gong and second supreme elder Fang Di Chang.


 As for Fang Chen himself, he was extremely aware of the situation. Unfortunately, he was an outsider married into Fang clan, his talents were useless because of his status, he could only be a superficial stepping stone for Fang Leng!



***
Chapter 1617 - Crucial Tribulation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Soul cores with the size of a chicken egg, dark blue to the point of being black, rained down on Dang Hun Mountain.


 The soul core contained all of the essence of a soul beast, after the soul beast died, its corpse would turn into smoke and scatter, leaving behind only its soul core.


 Soul cores condensed a large amount of soul path dao marks, they were a top tier Gu material.


 Soul cores could be found in all sizes, an ordinary soul beast’s soul core was the size of a rice grain, and would only be the size of a chicken egg when they reached rank six. Those of rank seven were slightly larger, while a rank eight immemorial soul beast’s soul core was as large as a horse carriage.


 After a round of discussion, Fang clan finally agreed to Fang Yuan’s request, secretly sending him a large amount of soul cores. These soul cores were almost all rank six Gu level, with few being rank seven soul cores, and as for rank eight soul core, there was not even one.


 Fang Yuan had two rank eight soul cores but he was storing them, not wanting to use them for producing guts Gu on Dang Hun Mountain.


 Rank eight immortal materials were normally used to refine rank eight Immortal Gu or to construct a large formation. Using them for producing guts Gu would be somewhat of a waste of their value.


 The radiance of Dang Hun Mountain shook as the soul cores scattered into powder, sprinkling their essence into Dang Hun Mountain. Within moments, guts Gu started condensing with rapid speed.


 Fang Yuan nodded inwardly at this scene: “My soul path cultivation can get back on track again and progress swiftly.”


 Soul path foundation was extremely important to Fang Yuan.


 Enslaving immemorial year beasts required it, moreover the deeper the soul foundation, the more immemorial year beasts Fang Yuan could enslave.


 Emperor yama expended soul foundation, whenever a wisdom path Gu Immortal made deductions about Fang Yuan, emperor yama would activate to conceal Fang Yuan while expending a portion of Fang Yuan’s soul foundation.


 Burning soul bursting luck also depended on soul foundation. There was also lead soul into dream, Fang Yuan had already studied this killer move completely, it had a chance of failure. But if Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was higher than the target, the killer move’s success rate would be much higher.


 Fang Yuan had directly used his name in the letter, abandoning Suan Bu Jin’s name, Fang clan’s response was not beyond his expectations.


 To a super force, a lone force like Fang Yuan could not seize their territories, at most he could steal some resources. But other super forces were different, they could forcibly occupy territories and seize entire resource points by sending in their manpower.


 The greatest threat to Fang clan were the other righteous path forces that were glaring at it covetously.


 “Moreover, Western Desert is somewhat special. Western Desert Gu Immortals compromise a little more easily than those of the other four regions.”


 This was not because Western Desert Gu Immortals were soft, it was because of the environment.


 Different from other regions, Western Desert was filled with boundless deserts and oases. If an oasis was destroyed in a battle between Gu Masters, they would have no foundation for survival and could easily perish together. On the other hand, different oases produced different resources, Gu Masters would need each other’s help to make up for what they lack in their cultivation. So Gu Masters often formed caravans and moved a long distance which was usually quite dangerous and exhausting. Thus, there were many collaborative relationships between Gu Masters as well as different forces.


 So, since long ago, Western Desert’s Gu Masters were molded to compromise and make concessions for the survival of both sides.


 Any Gu Immortal had cultivated step by step from Gu Master stage. This habit had sunk deep into their bones and was already a part of the nature of Western Desert Gu Immortals.


 In his first life, Fang Yuan had roamed around Western Desert for some time and was well aware of the nature of Western Desert’s people.


 Had Fang Yuan captured Western Desert Gu Immortals, the Western Desert righteous path forces would have compromised quicker than Southern Border, their attitude would also be more realistic and proper.


 Had Fang Yuan captured Northern Plains Gu Immortals, it would be a different situation. Northern Plains Gu Immortals were often valiant and unafraid of death, they might even think it was a disgrace for them to be saved. Fang Yuan would suffer a headache with those captives.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan resumed his soul path cultivation while continuing to extort Southern Border’s righteous path forces and soul searching the captives.


 Fang Yuan’s soul search target was Xia Cha.


 Although it was rather difficult to search her soul, he was not without any progress. Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture’s time was very fast, under continuous effort over time, he had made many gains.


 Soon, Xia Cha’s immortal killer moves were plundered by Fang Yuan.


 Xia Cha was worthy of being Xia clan’s first supreme elder, she had developed two sets of killer moves involving Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter, these four Immortal Gu, each set had four moves.


 The first set of killer moves was mainly used for battle, spring scissors, summer fan, autumn perception, and winter coat.


 Among them, Fang Yuan had already seen spring scissors and summer fan. These two killer moves were extremely ferocious, fully displaying rank eight might.


 Autumn perception was an investigative killer move which greatly made up for Fang Yuan’s shortcoming in the investigative aspect.


 Winter coat was a defensive killer move with extraordinary effect.


 The second set of killer moves was used for managing the immortal aperture, spring ploughing, summer hoeing, autumn harvest, and winter storage.


 Every move was ingenious and profound, the more terrifying part was when these four moves were used in unison, their might would be amplified and have extraordinary effect in managing the immortal aperture.


 Besides these, there were of course other moves as well, used for healing, movement, or evasive maneuvers, they were all exquisite but could not compare to these two sets of killer moves.


 In fact, conceptualizing immortal killer moves was a difficult process, there was a high requirement for the ability and talents of Gu Immortals.


 Central Continent’s Vicious Lightning Fiend spent a few years in closed cultivation before he was able to deduce the killer move lightning deity. And this was when he had blood deity’s Immortal Gu recipe as reference.


 Under a normal situation, without any help of wisdom path methods, a Gu Immortal would on average need five to six years of time to deduce and conceptualize a killer move.


 Choosing suitable Gu worms out of myriads of Gu worms was not easy. There were even countless choices in combining Gu worms. Even if a killer move was conceptualized, it was useless if it did not have practical value, and also could not be used if the side effect was too severe. After completing a killer move, it still had to be tested and improved which was even more difficult.


 Naturally, five to six years was not referring to a Gu Immortal whole-heartedly concentrating on deducing the killer move without doing anything else.


 If the Gu Immortal had reference materials like Immortal Gu recipes or inheritances of predecessors, they could further shorten this time.


 But the time taken was normally measured in years.


 Fang Yuan seemed to be easily deducing and modifying killer moves, the main reason was the light of wisdom, after all, rank nine wisdom Gu was nothing to scoff at. There was also another important reason, that was his deep attainment level in all kinds of paths.


 The Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves obtained from Xia Cha greatly supplemented Fang Yuan’s strength in terms of time path, he could be said to have made huge progress, like the eruption of a volcano.


 But Fang Yuan was facing a rather awkward issue.


 “Spring and Summer are both rank eight Immortal Gu, they can only be activated with rank eight immortal essence. I am only a rank seven Gu Immortal, I don’t even have the qualifications to refine them without using other methods.”


 “So I still need to advance my cultivation to rank eight!”


 “Then, not only can I use Spring and Summer, there is also wisdom sword Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan started deducing matters regarding his advancement to rank eight.


 Several days later, his deduction was finished.


 Putting aside heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, rank seven needed to pass through three grand tribulations to advance to rank eight, and these three grand tribulations would get increasingly powerful.


 Fang Yuan was currently very close to the third and final grand tribulation.


 The threat of the grand tribulation was not high to him.


 Even if heaven’s will strengthened it to the greatest limits, Fang Yuan already held firm initiative with his exposing heavenly secret killer move.


 What Fang Yuan was worried about was not the grand tribulation, but a possible human calamity.


 To face the grand tribulation, he must place his immortal aperture and connect to the outside world to absorb heaven and earth qi.


 At that time, Fang Yuan’s location would be directly exposed to heaven’s will, while also sharply increasing the difficulty in defending against others’ deductions.


 Heavenly Court absolutely would not let go of this opportunity, they should already have some estimations of Fang Yuan’s cultivation level.


 If Fang Yuan underwent the tribulation in Southern Border, when Southern Border’s Gu Immortals learn of the information, they would rush to kill Fang Yuan even if the captives were with him!


 Because if they got rid of Fang Yuan, they would have no more future trouble, and looking at the long term, the benefits they could gain would be even larger.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonfish business was already obstructed by Heavenly Court, his income falling massively. This showed Spectral Soul was unable to hold on and Heavenly Court was making a lot of progress in soul searching him. As time passed, Heavenly Court would gain more information while Fang Yuan would be put into an increasingly passive situation as all kinds of methods in Spectral Soul’s true inheritance continued to lower in value.


 “At present, Heavenly Court is my main enemy. The crucial key in the fight against Heavenly Court is fate Gu.”


 “If Heavenly Court completely restores fate Gu, I will have no more chance at victory. If I can destroy it, I will be able to continue to fight with them.”


 “And the crucial key to destroying fate Gu lies in Red Lotus’ true inheritance.” Fang Yuan had already deduced that it was very likely for Red Lotus’ true inheritance to hold the method to destroy fate Gu.


 “And to inherit Red Lotus’ true inheritance, I will have to fight in the River of Time, whether I can break through Heavenly Court’s defense line will depend on this third grand tribulation.”


 “If I can pass it, I will become rank eight, and will be able to use Spring, Summer, and wisdom sword Immortal Gu. My battle strength will soar rapidly, I will have a chance at the battle in the River of Time.”


 “If I can’t pass it, it will be my death. Even if I survive by chance, the opportunity and timing will be lost. After I fall by one step, I will continue to fall behind continuously, unless Heavenly Court makes a serious slip up, they won’t give me another chance to make a comeback.”


 Fang Yuan’s mind was cool as ice, well aware of his situation.


 The important thing now was to plan on how to pass the third grand tribulation and become a rank eight.


 In the following days, besides cultivating his soul, soul searching Xia Cha, and managing his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan focused on exploring dream realms, practising the new immortal killer moves as well as modifying the old killer moves.


 It was necessary to modify the old killer moves, especially his soul path killer moves which needed to be greatly improved. Otherwise, if the soul path killer moves were countered or restrained by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would be in an extremely passive situation.


 As for practising new killer moves, Fang Yuan was mainly practising Xia Cha’s methods. He was only rank seven currently, but autumn Gu and winter Gu were also only rank seven, he could practise their corresponding immortal killer moves.


 Normally, there were two main difficulties in practising killer moves.


 One was the high chance of getting injured. But Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body which had non-conflicting dao marks and also had Man as Before, so this was not difficult to overcome.


 Second was the expenditure of immortal essence. If immortal essence was expended quickly, immortal essence stones had to be refined into immortal essence. Fang Yuan was low on funds before, but he had a lot of businesses now, so he did not lack the capital!



***
Chapter 1618 - Do You Believe In Fate?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sovereign immortal aperture, an illusory dream realm.


 Fang Yuan entered the dream realm.


 Under the setting sun.


 “Do you believe in fate?”


 A human female immortal with skin as fair as snow, wearing a yellow robe, with arched eyebrows and a pair of beautiful eyes shrouded in mist, was looking sadly at the beautiful afterglow of the sun.


 Fang Yuan was a rockman Gu Immortal in this dream realm, but it was not under his control.


 The dream realm played by itself, the rockman Gu Immortal spoke in a low, muffled voice: “I, Tu Ji, cultivate rule path and naturally believe in fate. Fairy Ruo Li, ever since I saw you, I knew you were my fated partner, you are the person that I will pursue for love over my entire life!”


 Fairy Ruo Li smiled slightly, her brows, however, furrowed a little. She looked at the rockman Gu Immortal standing beside her: “You are right, we are fated to be an immortal couple.”


 “Ah... wha, what? I, I, I...” The rockman Gu Immortal was astonished before becoming exulted, as he shouted in disbelief: “Fairy Ruo Li, have you accepted me?!”


 Fairy Ruo Li nodded her head gently.


 “Oh heavens, oh heavens! Hahaha! I am not dreaming right? Oh my heavens!” Tu Ji waved around his arms towards the sky and shouted: “I finally succeeded after failing over three thousand times! Hahaha! Fairy Ruo Li, from today onwards, you are my wife.”


 “Yes, you are my husband.”


 Tu Ji’s body trembled with excitement, the trembling was so intense that rock fragments began to fall from his body.


 Second scene.


 Ruo Li was gently lying in Tu Ji’s arms, soft like a white feather.


 She looked at the sky where the clouds were moving across quickly, her eyes were clear as water.


 Tu Ji’s eyes however were dazed, he had not shifted his gaze at all from Ruo Li’s face.


 He mumbled: “It has already been twelve years, but I still feel like everything is a dream! Oh Ruo Li, my wife, I swear I will love you and protect you, if you have any wish, tell me, I will do everything to satisfy you.”


 “Is that so?” Ruo Li asked softly.


 “Of course!” Tu Ji replied without any hesitation.


 Ruo Li’s face showed a rare look of hesitation, after a long while, she said with some difficulty: “Then kill someone for me.”


 “Kill who? Even if it is a rank eight existence, trust me, I will stake my life to kill them.” Tu Ji agreed readily and seriously.


 “An infant who was just born.” Ruo Li smiled, her smile containing bitterness.


 Tu Ji was stunned: “An infant?”


 Ruo Li took a deep breath: “Do you believe in fate?”


 “I cultivate rule path, I have to believe in the rules of this world. All things have their own ordained path of which is fate.” Tu Ji replied.


 Ruo Li continued: “Then I will tell you, this baby will become a future Gu Venerable, called Reckless Savage. And in the future, I will definitely die at his hands.”


 “What?!” Tu Ji was shocked: “Ruo Li, how many times have you checked this prophecy?”


 Ruo Li gave a bitter smile: “Only once is enough, but I checked it many times indeed, every result was the same. Do you know why a wisdom path Gu Immortal’s prophecy is so accurate? That is because fate is always fixed. I will die at Reckless Savage’s hands, that is my fate.”


 Tu Ji’s mouth became dry as waves surged and ebbed in his heart.


 But shortly, soaring killing intent suddenly surged out of his body as he stood up: “Then I shall kill him! Although this is fate... I don’t believe that I, the grand Tu Ji, a rank eight Gu Immortal, can’t kill an infant!!”


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation continued to fall as the third scene started.


 Tu Ji was heavily injured when he appeared in front of Fairy Ruo Li. His lips shook and his expression was ashamed as well as shocked: “I...”


 Fairy Ruo Li smiled: “I know, you encountered your fated enemy on the way there, and he just happened to have made a breakthrough.”


 Tu Ji was surprised: “You deduced it?”


 Fairy Ruo Li nodded: “The moment you got attacked, I deduced it.”


 Tu Ji was dazed, he hesitated for a moment but still asked: “Then, Ruo Li, since you already deduced it, why didn’t you come to help me? If we, husband and wife, joined hands, we could have definitely killed that scumbag!”


 Ruo Li shook her head: “You still don’t understand? This is fate’s arrangement. If I didn’t tell you my deductions, you would not have gone to kill that infant. If you didn’t go to kill that infant, you would not have encountered your old enemy. Anyone who tries to change fate will be met with fate’s punishment. Your injuries are the punishment now. If I had gone to help you, another obstruction would have appeared.”


 Tu Ji blinked his eyes several times before saying in joy: “So it was like that. That’s good, your decision was correct. I won’t let you get injured, I would rather be torn apart than see even a hair of yours get damaged.”


 Ruo Li gave a bitter smile as she looked at Tu Ji: “You understand the power of fate now? You don’t need to try anymore, stay with me and quietly accompany me in my final moments. I believe I will be blessed with you by my side.”


 “No!” Tu Ji’s body shook as he said resolutely: “Absolutely not! I won’t stand by and watch this happen, I won’t let you die. I promised to love you and protect you with my life.”


 “But my death is fate’s arrangement. Oh Tu Ji, my husband, you said it yourself, that you believe in fate.” Ruo Li said meaningfully.


 “Then... then I will stop believing in it!” At first, Tu Ji struggled and hesitated, but when he finally said it, he could not restrain his roar, his anger soared to the skies.


 Fourth scene.


 Tu Ji went to look for that infant once again, but an earthly calamity suddenly appeared, there was a landslide, villagers ran everywhere, the infant also disappeared. Tu Ji could only kill some mortals, but he ran into several righteous path immortals. After a huge battle, Tu Ji killed a few of them, but he ended up becoming a major wanted criminal by the human Gu Immortals.


 Fifth scene.


 Several years later, the tribulation was strange and of unsurpassed strength, Tu Ji almost died undergoing the tribulation. When he was lying in the bed, unable to move, he heard that Ruo Li had finally deduced the specific location of that infant.


 “I will go kill him!” Tu Ji struggled to stand up, but when he had just walked a few steps, he fell unconscious.


 When he woke up, he saw Fairy Ruo Li had lost lifespan, her hair had turned completely white, he sobbed: “It is all my fault, all my fault, Ruo Li, you went through such painstaking efforts and finally deduced it after several years of closed cultivation... if not for my inability...”


 Fairy Ruo Li smiled warmly, consoling: “No problem, I can deduce it again.”


 Sixth scene. They encountered a beast tide.


 Seventh scene. Fairy Ruo Li’s deduction failed, suffering backlash, her youth was spent and she became an old lady. She rested in Tu Ji’s embrace, smiling bitterly: “Look at what I have become, I must look pathetic, right?”


 Tu Ji gently stroked her hair, his gaze still containing deep love: “No, no matter what you look like, you will still be my beloved Fairy Ruo Li.”


 This special dream realm continued, Fang Yuan could only observe from the start.


 Regardless of how Tu Ji and Ruo Li chased, all their attempts were met with failure. One time, he captured the infant, but the baby escaped by some unexpected mishap. Three times, he caught up to the infant, but whenever he tried to make the fatal attack, by some strange factors and coincidences, the baby was able to escape.


 That infant was gradually growing up, becoming a Gu Immortal.


 The situation moved firmly along the path decided by fate, finally nearing the day of Fairy Ruo Li’s death.


 Tu Ji became increasingly tense, he knew the most crucial time had arrived. He planned every day and cultivated bitterly, using anything that could increase his strength no matter what the risks were.


 On the contrary, Fairy Ruo Li had loosened up, she no longer deduced ceaselessly. She persuaded Tu Ji not to risk his life. Tu Ji did not listen, getting more anxious. Sometimes, she would accompany Tu Ji, lying in his arms, then look at him warmly for a long time as if she could not savor it enough.


 Finally, the eighth scene.


 The fatal attack was blocked by Tu Ji with his body, he even counterattacked, forcing back that great enemy.


 Tu Ji was on the verge of death, he fell in Fairy Ruo Li’s arms, saying joyfully: “We... we finally won against fate. Ruo Li... my wife... I did it, I really did it, cough cough cough...”


 He wanted to shout and cheer in joy, but he was too weak and coughed incessantly.


 He knew he was no doubt going to die and did not have much time; using this final period of time, he grabbed Fairy Ruo Li’s hand with difficulty, looking at her with incomparably deep love as he said in a solemn tone: “After I die, you must continue to live on, live well...”


 Clear crystal-like tears flowed down Fairy Ruo Li’s eyes, sliding down her face.


 She tightly embraced Tu Ji, whispering in his ear: “Do you know? Although I cultivate wisdom path, I don’t believe in fate. I had deduced fate’s arrangement for me, but who would want to die? So I looked for you, actually, our marriage was not even part of the arrangements of fate. I did not love you and only wanted to use you.”


 Tu Ji smiled, responding in an extremely faint voice: “I knew that, but so what? I love you... I am happy and fully willing to be used by you. Thank you for giving me an opportunity to be used by you... I had once believed in fate, but I don’t anymore. Look, you are still alive, fate has already been changed, this is wonderful...”


 Tu Ji was no longer able to lift his heavy eyelids as they closed slowly, he no longer responded.


 Fairy Ruo Li wept loudly, she had never lost her composure like this before in her life, she repeatedly shook her head and sobbed: “I did not used to believe in fate, but now I do!”


 Her whole body started to let out a pure-white light that slowly entered the rockman Gu Immortal Tu Ji’s body.


 Tu Ji’s aura gradually began to recover from its weak state, while Fairy Ruo Li’s body became increasingly frail and illusory.


 The rockman Gu Immortal opened his eyes once again, when he saw what was happening, he shouted in shock and panic: “No, stop, I don’t want to be healed. You will die, you will die!!”


 Unfortunately, he did not have any strength left and was unable to stop it.


 Fairy Ruo Li’s figure had already become illusory, she revealed a smile, saying with incomparable warmth and a trace of craftiness: “You are aware of it, my killer move cannot be stopped once it is activated.”


 “I want to say one final thing to you, the thing you wanted to hear the most.”


 “You silly rock... I...”


 “I love you.”


 Once she said that, Fairy Ruo Li faded like an illusion, vanishing from the world.


 “No! No——!” Tu Ji roared like an injured beast filled with anger and sorrow, he was powerlessness and in pain.



***
Chapter 1619 - I Do Not Believe!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Gorgeous lights slowly dissipated from the stone room. Feng Jin Huang took a deep breath, staring forward without blinking, with her sharp eyes flickering with light.


 A cocoon-like lump of light, the size of a millstone, was quietly floating in front of her.


 “The final step.” Feng Jin Huang took another deep breath, suddenly pinching all her fingers.


 Her ten fingers then opened like blossoming flowers, endless bright lights flickering from them, shining upon the whole stone room!


 Feng Jin Huang’s movement was so skilled even refinement path grandmasters would show a solemn expression.


 Feng Jin Huang was already a refinement path great grandmaster, it was not strange for her to have such exquisite Gu techniques.


 What Feng Jin Huang was using was a dual metal and fire path refinement technique, she had found this method to be the most suitable for her.


 Boom!


 After a while, a loud sound erupted, the cocoon, however, did not explode and was instead rapidly shrinking.


 The pure-white cocoon surface gradually turned into dark blue color, while the cocoon gradually turned firmer with some metallic luster.


 “I finally succeeded after failing many times!” Feng Jin Huang’s eyes flashed with joy. Her mind was calm the whole time, she was already starting to display the demeanor of a refinement path great expert.


 The rank five Gu worm was refined, but it still needed to be processed with proper technique.


 Feng Jin Huang opened her mouth, carefully breathing out wisps of cold air.


 As the cold air blew on it, the blue cocoon slightly trembled and let out a buzzing noise. Large amounts of hot air rose up from the cocoon, filling the whole stone room with hot fog.


 Using dual metal and fire path refinement techniques created such a residual effect, the temperature of the Gu worm would become too high and if it was not cooled down in time, it might not die, but it would be severely injured and difficult to use.


 Gu refinement was an extremely deep and broad subject with countless techniques. Any Gu refinement technique had its advantages and disadvantages. If an ice refinement method was used to refine this Gu worm, the residual effect could not be treated with cold air, the Gu had to be nourished in warm water for some time.


 Feng Jin Huang stopped her techniques and slowly stood up from the cushion.


 The rank five Gu floated to her hand, she tested it carefully, her solemn expression bloomed like flowers as she let out a dazzling smile.


 She left the secret room and walked out of the cavern.


 The moment she opened the door, the huge rumbling noise of a waterfall, the sounds of birds, and the rustling of tree leaves entered her ears.


 Outside of the extremely quiet secret room, the world had once again sprouted to life.


 The verdant green mountains, birds singing, fragrance of the flowers, the bright sunlight, everything was tranquil and beautiful.


 Feng Jin Huang looked around and saw Duke Long sitting quietly on a giant rock beside a pool.


 The lights from the mountain delighted the birds, the shadows on the pool set the heart at ease.


 “Master, master, take a look! I refined this dream pillow Gu.” Feng Jin Huang ran over to Duke Long while holding the newly refined rank five Gu and spoke with a dazzling smile.


 Duke Long slowly opened his eyes and took a glance at dream pillow Gu, he nodded his head slightly and said in a mild voice: “Not bad, not bad.”


 Feng Jin Huang slightly pouted: “How can it only be not bad? Master, you don’t know how many times I failed in refining this Gu worm before succeeding this once. With this dream pillow Gu, mortal Gu Masters can enter dream realms if they sleep while laying their heads on it. It will be an enormous help to my Spirit Affinity House and the whole of Central Continent.”


 Ever since Feng Jin Huang took Duke Long as her master, she had devoted herself to cultivating. Duke Long did not instruct her in cultivation, but taught her of the situation of the whole world and his experiences, expanding her vision and knowledge.


 With Duke Long’s meticulous teaching, Feng Jin Huang was no longer the same as before, she now had a strategic vision and considered issues in terms of the overall view.


 Feng Jin Huang’s dream pillow Gu seemed ordinary but because it was a mortal Gu, it could be used by most Gu Masters. As long as this Gu was mass-produced, Central Continent’s Gu Masters could easily enter their own dream realms and extract dream path Gu materials from them, gaining an early advantage in the great era.


 This Gu was able to raise a whole region’s strategic dominance, its significance was beyond ordinary!


 Duke Long, however, showed no surprise: “It is only natural for you to have such accomplishments. Huang Er, you are the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable...”


 Before Duke Long finished speaking, Feng Jin Huang interrupted with a trace of discontent: “Alright, alright, you are saying this again. Are you saying that I obtained all these accomplishments only because I am the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable?”


 Duke Long chuckled as he looked at Feng Jin Huang, suddenly changing the topic: “Huang Er, do you believe in fate?”


 Feng Jin Huang’s brows furrowed: “Master, are you talking about fate Gu?”


 Duke Long nodded: “Right, it is the fate Gu recorded in >, and also the fate Gu that Heavenly Court is about to restore completely.”


 > stated that Ren Zu had spent enormous energy and effort to gather Gu materials, even sacrificing his own two hands to finally refine wealth Gu.


 He brought his son, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, and daughter, Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence, to the feathermen’s residence.


 But strangely, all the feathermen had disappeared with no traces left.


 “What’s going on?” Ren Zu was puzzled.


 “That is because I arrived here, those feathermen are afraid of me, all of them ran away.” A black and white spider walked towards Ren Zu leisurely.


 “Who are you?” Ren Zu asked.


 The spider smiled: “Human, you have walked through the road I created in the Door of Life and Death, you still don’t know who I am? I am fate Gu.”


 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence added: “Fate Gu, you are not even the size of my palm, why would those feathermen fear you?”


 Fate Gu chuckled: “Because they pursue freedom, but I, Fate, bind and restrict them.”


 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance grumbled: “So your intention was the same as us. You are really a failure, not capturing even one featherman, while hindering us as well.”


 Fate Gu laughed loudly: “Who said I failed? The feathermen are pursuing freedom, but what do they know? Their escape is only on the superficial level, I have already bound them. The road towards their freedom was all arranged by me, but they think they succeeded, not knowing anything. You are also the same, look at yourselves.”


 Ren Zu, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence looked at their bodies.


 They discovered that white spider silk had stuck to their limbs and body for some unknown time.


 They also discovered that not just themselves, even the surrounding flowers, grass, trees, rocks, water, everything was bound by the spider silk.


 These spider silk gathered together to form into a spider web which spread out endlessly in the sight of Ren Zu and his children.


 “This is the web that I weaved, it is called all-encompassing web. Everything in the world is bound by this web, to be arranged and controlled by me, Fate. Everyone you encountered and all the things that have happened are all controlled by me.” Fate Gu said.


 Ren Zu and his children felt a chill in their hearts and began to struggle fiercely.


 Fate Gu smiled: “It is useless, you cannot escape. Fate cannot be altered.”


 Ren Zu glared at fate Gu furiously: “Oh Fate, why do you have to manipulate and toy with us? From what you said, all the hardships and misfortunes I encountered were all your doings. The loss of my children was also due to you!”


 Fate Gu said calmly: “Human, I know you want to save your eldest son Verdant Great Sun, but he is already dead. Death is a necessary fate of humans, you simply cannot save him. Moreover, you want to rely on wealth Gu to save your daughter Boundless Forest Samsara, that is also impossible.”


 As Fate willed, a thread of spider silk bound Ren Zu’s wealth Gu and dragged it in front of fate Gu.


 “Release it, that is our Gu worm!” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance shouted.


 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence’s eyes reddened, sobbing: “Father sacrificed his own hands to painstakingly refine this wealth Gu. How dare you take it away?”


 Ren Zu struggled fiercely, but the spider silk continued to become tighter, firmly binding them.


 Fate Gu laughed loudly: “Life and death is decreed by fate, prosperity is up to heaven. Human, you are fated to be poor and menial, tormented and humiliated till you become insane, and in the end, you will also die. Although you refined wealth Gu, you don’t have the fate to enjoy it. If you are fated to be poor, even if you dug out gold, it will turn to copper, if you are fated to be rich, even if you pick up paper, it will turn to silk. All these things are under my control.”


 Ren Zu, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence started cursing fate Gu furiously.


 Fate Gu was not the least bit angry, still carefree and at leisure: “Many have cursed me, but so what? Humans, no matter how you curse me, it won’t change anything.”


 Fate Gu suddenly moved the spider silk, throwing Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence far away, completely out of Ren Zu’s sight.


 “My children!” Ren Zu howled.


 Fate Gu said darkly: “Human, don’t blame me, this is your fate. Not just you, loneliness is the fate of every person. Even if they are your own children, they will not accompany you for life and will eventually leave you. Every encounter is temporary, separation is normality.”


 Ren Zu, however, kept on struggling, but the more he struggled, the tighter the spider silk bound him.


 Ren Zu felt an increasingly enormous pressure pushing him down to the point of suffocation.


 He panted heavily, he gradually lost the strength to struggle.


 Ren Zu started crying, tears rolling down his cheeks: “Why does my fate have to be so pitiful!”


 Fate Gu was silent.


 But at this time, a voice emerged from the depths of Ren Zu’s heart. The voice belonged to self Gu: “Human, believe in your own strength rather than blaming your fate!”


 Ren Zu stopped crying as he suddenly realized: “Right, although I don’t have strength Gu, self Gu has taken a bite of strength Gu, I have my own strength now. Self Gu, I can only rely on you.”


 Self Gu then erupted with a dazzling light as it attempted to break the spider silk.


 Some spider silk was torn, but even more came to bind Ren Zu.


 “My own strength is not enough?” Ren Zu was anxious: “Right, self Gu, you have also taken a bite of love Gu. If strength does not work, let us rely on love instead.”


 Thereupon, self Gu let out a gentle light as it attempted to break the spider silk, but this also failed.


 Fate Gu said: “Oh human, why can’t you understand? Love is a type of fate, I arranged it to make Verdant Great Sun fall in love with Desolate Ancient Moon, I also arranged it to make the rockman fall in love with Desolate Ancient Moon. I also arranged success and failure in their lives, so they eventually ended up dead.”


 “No! No——!” Ren Zu screamed and bawled.


 Fate Gu listened quietly.


 Ren Zu gradually lost the strength to cry, he mumbled powerlessly: “I understand now, I know why the feathermen pursue freedom.”


 Fate Gu smiled: “Human, you also want to pursue freedom?”


 Ren Zu nodded: “Yes, if I have freedom, I will be no longer be bound by you.”


 Fate Gu: “But look at those feathermen, even though they pursue freedom, aren’t they still under my control?”


 Ren Zu shook his head: “My freedom is different from them. I will pursue absolute freedom.”


 Fate Gu laughed loudly: “A person’s absolute freedom is insanity. Oh human, see for yourself, you are seeking freedom but you are actually moving towards insanity. I already said this earlier, you will lose your mind. That is the road I arranged for you, you cannot escape my control.”


 “No! I don’t believe you! I will use my own strength and wisdom to obtain freedom. I don’t believe your words, I will escape your control!” Ren Zu retorted.


 Fate Gu’s laughter became louder: “Oh human, you are truly going crazy, you are already deranged. Did you forget? Your self Gu has only taken a bite of strength Gu and love Gu, so you only have your own strength and love, but not your own wisdom. Oh human, when you think you are intelligent, it will be the sign that you are going crazy.”


 “Hahaha, hahaha.” It was Ren Zu’s turn to laugh: “I don’t believe you, oh fate Gu, I don’t believe you! I don’t believe that this world has fate.”


 Fate Gu was silent for a moment before saying: “Even if you don’t believe it, I will still exist.”


 Ren Zu rebuked: “No, that is not true. When I stop believing in you, you will stop existing. I refuse to believe in fate, fate does not exist! Hahaha!”


 Fate Gu shook its head, sighing: “Truly pitiful, oh human, you have already fallen into insanity.”


 Ren Zu scratched his hair and skin, his tears and mucus mixed together, he struggled, he knelt on the ground as he rolled around.


 It was like how Fate declared, he had become insane.


 ...


 Time flew by rapidly as a scene of the past suddenly appeared in Duke Long’s mind.


 A million years ago.


 “Do you believe in fate?” Duke Long was standing and looking at his disciple warmly.


 His disciple was only a youngster with a glossy forehead, handsome appearance and bright eyes. He had long black hair that reached his waist, there was a lifelike red lotus birthmark on his forehead.


 Duke Long continued: “Red Lotus, you are the future Immortal Venerable, you will definitely lead us humans towards the greatest prosperity and glory. You will certainly succeed, creating your own Gu worms and techniques, you will become the pride of your parents, become invincible in the world, and your name shall be marked in history. You will join Heavenly Court, become the leader of humanity, and bring blessings to all beings, your glory will shine throughout time and space.”


 Young Red Lotus blinked his eyes before smiling, exposing his dazzling teeth: “There does not seem to be anything bad with this. I believe in fate!”


 Duke Long returned to reality after the slight trance.


 He looked at Feng Jin Huang and said solemnly: “Huang Er, you need to understand that you are the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable who will surpass all the past venerables! You will create dream path and be invincible in the whole world. Your glory will shine and spread for ages, becoming the eternal symbol and support of humanity. Don’t fear, don’t hesitate, take each success to press forward indomitably until you reach the supreme peak of this world!”


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes got brighter and brighter as she listened. She smiled with unparalleled beauty.


 Duke Long also smiled.


 Feng Jin Huang said: “If all this is predestined by fate, then... I do not believe in fate!”


 “What?” Duke Long’s smile froze on his face.



***
Chapter 1620 - Southern Alliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court.


 The large formation let out buzzing noises as glaring light pierced deep into Spectral Soul’s body like sharp needles.


 Despite him curling up and defending with all his strength, he was still hard-pressed to resist the formation’s power.


 Fairy Zi Wei was concentrating fully on controlling the large formation while also absorbing all kinds of information extracted from Spectral Soul.


 Only when the formation let out breaking noises did Fairy Zi Wei stop while feeling unsatisfied. She gave a deep glance at Spectral Soul.


 Even if they were enemies, Fairy Zi Wei could not help but admire Spectral Soul’s tenacity.


 He was clearly in a desperate situation with no trace of hope, but he was still resisting to the end. He was indeed worthy of being an invincible Gu Venerable.


 Fairy Zi Wei left without saying anything.


 Returning to her hall, she immediately began to concentrate on deducing. The use of Star Constellation Chessboard pushed her deduction ability to the peak of the world.


 Countless thoughts emerged and faded in her mind like the flickering of countless stars. Her thoughts constantly collided with each each other, even flying out of the body, turning into countless purple light specks that covered Fairy Zi Wei’s body before spreading to fill the whole vast hall.


 A long while later, the purple thoughts gradually drew in, dissipated and finally calmed. Fairy Zi Wei took a deep breath, stopping her methods as she slowly opened her eyes.


 A layer of thin sweat had formed on her forehead, her brows were furrowed into a tight knot and she looked mentally exhausted.


 “Fang Yuan, where in the world are you going to undergo tribulation?” Fairy Zi Wei muttered.


 She had been working hard, repeatedly extracting various internal details of Shadow Sect from Spectral Soul. She was especially interested in Shadow Sect’s arrangements left in the five regions.


 Because Fang Yuan had used Shadow Sect’s arrangement to capture the pursuing team of Southern Border righteous path in one go. If Fang Yuan was to undergo tribulation, he was very likely to once again rely on these arrangements. It would make no sense for him to not borrow this help.


 Fairy Zi Wei had been closely paying attention to Fang Yuan’s cultivation progress. After the battle in Lang Ya blessed land, she clearly deduced Fang Yuan was not far from rank eight.


 Rank seven and rank eight were two completely different levels!


 In the absence of rank nine, rank eights were the peak of the world.


 Once Fang Yuan advances to rank eight, he would truly become difficult to suppress, and would become an enormous obstacle for Heavenly Court.


 “Fang Yuan’s final grand tribulation is the crucial point. If we can kill him here, it would be greatly beneficial to Heavenly Court and people all over the world.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was not going to let go of any chance to kill Fang Yuan, but she found this matter was extremely troubling.


 Because she could not tell the specific time and location of Fang Yuan’s tribulation for sure.


 Fang Yuan possessed emperor yama, which had strong defensive properties, not giving her any chance to make deductions against him.


 Fang Yuan also had plentiful time path methods to alter the rate of time in the immortal aperture, so it could not be estimated when he was going to undergo the final grand tribulation.


 Fang Yuan also had Fixed Immortal Travel and could undergo his tribulation anywhere in the world. How could Fairy Zi Wei make arrangements like this?


 The most she could do was rule out black heaven and white heaven.


 Because a blessed land would absorb a slightly higher amount of earth qi when undergoing tribulation, so it was usually done in the five regions.


 Naturally, the possibility of undergoing tribulation in black or white heaven was small but not zero, there were several areas which were special and had abundant earth qi.


 But what about the five regions?


 The River of Time was only a secluded domain of heaven and earth, so Fairy Zi Wei could arrange Immortal Gu Houses in it and guard it heavily.


 But when it came to the huge area of the five regions, even thousands of Immortal Gu Houses would not be enough. Let alone when Heavenly Court did not have enough manpower to assign to every area of five regions to interfere with Fang Yuan’s tribulation.


 Fairy Zi Wei heaved a sigh, she did not have any good solutions.


 The plan now was to use all her strength to extract valuable clues from Spectral Soul and use them to deduce the possible locations where Fang Yuan could undergo tribulation. Meanwhile, she would actively contact the righteous path forces of five regions and release the news of Fang Yuan undergoing tribulation. Heavenly Court did not have control over the other four regions and was only able to borrow their strength.


 The news that Fang Yuan was about to undergo tribulation quickly spread throughout the five regions.


 Not only the righteous path clans and sects, even demonic and lone immortals heard about it.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was already renowned throughout the five regions. Although he only had rank seven cultivation, his battle accomplishments were so amazing that he was already recognized as the number one person below rank eight. The Gu Immortal world acknowledged that even Feng Jiu Ge was inferior to him, he was the strongest new star of the demonic path in the last hundred years, his growth was so shockingly fast that when the Gu Immortal world reacted, he had already become a demonic path overlord.


 So the news of Fang Yuan undergoing tribulation quickly created a heated discussion in the Gu Immortal world of the five regions.


 “If this demon passes the final grand tribulation, he will become a rank eight Gu Immortal, how can we ignore this?!”


 “Demons are rising while the righteous path is weakening, what else can we do?”


 “This person is extraordinary, he possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, is someone who has been reborn, and also has obtained the inheritances of multiple venerables. A grand tribulation cannot stop him.”


 “I have a different opinion. As the saying goes ‘one who commits many injustices is doomed to failure’, this demon is too arrogant, he wants to undergo tribulation, but he has to first see if Heavenly Court or the entire world’s righteous path are allowing it or not.”


 Some were optimistic about Fang Yuan while some were pessimistic. But, one point was clear, the absolute majority of the Gu Immortals did not want to see Fang Yuan succeed in his tribulation.


 “This demon brought chaos to the world when he was just rank six and even more disaster when he is rank seven, would he topple the world if he advances to rank eight?”


 “I don’t care if Fang Yuan undergoes tribulation in other places. But if he undergoes tribulation in Southern Border, my Tie clan will not allow it!”


 While the Gu Immortal world was in fervent discussions, Southern Border’s righteous path forces were also actively holding meetings or frequently contacting each other to discuss about how to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Despite there still being hostages in Fang Yuan’s hands, if they were able to take this chance to eradicate this disaster, Southern Border’s righteous path forces would be more than happy.


 The reason was simple: benefits!


 Ignoring Fang Yuan and letting him grow stronger meant he would increasingly become a bigger threat and shroud over Southern Border’s righteous path, like a dark cloud. There might even be a day where one of them might face a calamity under his hands.


 More importantly, Fang Yuan had an extremely huge amount of Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu recipes, inheritances, and all kinds of cultivation resources, he was simply a moving treasure trove. They might be able to obtain enormous benefits by killing him. Even if his immortal aperture was destroyed, as long as a fragment of his soul remains, these righteous path forces could soul search and might obtain some venerable’s incomplete inheritance. Just this alone was enough for these righteous path forces to go after him like a flock of cranes.


 Wu Yong said in a heavy voice: “The headquarters of Shadow Sect are in Southern Border, there are bound to be many arrangements put in place here. Previously, Fang Yuan used one of the arrangements to capture many immortals. There is a high probability of Fang Yuan undergoing tribulation in Southern Border!”


 Prior to saying this, Wu Yong had secretly received information from Fairy Zi Wei and knew of several arrangements Shadow Sect had put in Southern Border.


 Wu Yong was fully aware Fairy Zi Wei was making use of him to deal with Fang Yuan. But Wu Yong was willing to be used. Because Fang Yuan had heavily toyed with him by disguising as Wu Yi Hai, Fang Yuan being alive was the greatest disgrace to the whole of Wu clan and him, Wu Yong!


 “Lord Wu Yong’s analysis is sound.” Qiao clan Gu Immortal immediately added: “Fang Yuan captured Gu Immortals from every clan, he is also an inheritor of Shadow Sect, the current sect leader, he definitely has powerful soul path methods. After soul searching the captives, he will be clear of the situation of our Southern Border righteous path.”


 “Moreover, our Southern Border has been through all kinds of large changes in these recent years, be they lone or demonic immortals, they have all suffered severe losses, especially our righteous path. If that demon undergoes tribulation here, he will face the least obstruction.”


 “Even if Fang Yuan undergoes tribulation in Southern Border, how can we keep a lookout? Southern Border is so large, he could very well undergo tribulation in some corner, how would we know?” A Gu Immortal asked.


 “We can know it by investigating.” Xia clan Gu Immortal replied, “Once he places his immortal aperture and connects to the world, he has to maintain this state till he finishes the tribulation. He will no longer be hidden in this period of time, and we will be able to trace him. Even without others’ help, our Xia clan’s wisdom path Gu Immortals will be able to deduce his specific location with the help of our formation.”


 “Of course, if there are many wisdom path Gu Immortals helping us, we will have even more certainty in deducing Fang Yuan’s location, and also much more quickly.” Another Xia clan Gu Immortal continued, “The true difficulty is not in deducing his location but how we can reach there in time. There is also a premise here that we must have gathered a considerable number of Gu Immortals to deal with Fang Yuan.”


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals fell into silence.


 Since ancient times, the Southern Border righteous path forces were numerous and divided, no one submitting to others. And to eliminate Fang Yuan, these Southern Border forces had to work with full cooperation and unity.


 This could be considered an unprecedented event.


 Fang Yuan was currently able to fight rank eight, but he was one person in the end. Any single super clan of the righteous path could make sure Fang Yuan had more trouble than he could handle during the tribulation, causing him to fail his tribulation and even die.


 Because these righteous path forces either possessed rank eight Gu Immortal or had Immortal Gu Houses that could fight rank eight. Most of them had managed their territories and resources for thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years, so they had incomparably robust foundation. In contrast, Fang Yuan had developed for a considerably shorter time.


 But was it possible for one super clan to use all their strength against Fang Yuan?


 Impossible.


 This was a jungle, every righteous path clan was a fierce beast who ruled over a territory. If this fierce beast left its territory to attack another fierce beast, even if the latter was not fully developed, it would still have claws and fangs.


 This risk was too large.


 Even if it killed the other, the fierce beast could very likely be injured and if its injuries were too severe, other fierce beasts would be attracted to invade.


 Of course, the invasion would be under the cover of justice. They would find all sorts of excuses, with so many conflicts between Southern Border righteous path forces over the years, would they be worried about not finding an excuse?


 Even if they really had no excuse, they could offer to ‘help’. For instance, take the initiative to help for the ‘prosperity of Southern Border’. Look at how passionate I am to help you. Do you dare to refuse? Do you have the strength to refuse?


 So, the true difficulty in dealing with Fang Yuan did not lie in Fang Yuan himself.


 Was Fang Yuan strong?


 Indeed, being able to fight rank eight with rank seven cultivation was extremely rare even in history.


 But what if he was compared to a super force?


 Fang Yuan was not strong, he could not compare to a group’s strength. After continuous conflicts, Fang Yuan would start bleeding.


 Some Southern Border Gu Immortals could only smile bitterly because they knew: The current situation was ironic. The ones binding them were themselves. They were wary of each other and kept each other in check. They divided their forces to guard their large territories to defend against each other.


 The silence lasted a long while, until a Tie clan Gu Immortal suddenly spoke: “Actually, there is a way to resolve a portion of this issue. Everyone knows of the Immortal Gu House Beacon Tower of my Tie clan.”


 Southern Border Gu Immortals maintained their silence, but it did not last long when another voice spoke: “I agree with Tie clan in building Beacon Towers.”


 Everyone was shocked, because this person was none other than Wu clan’s first supreme elder Wu Yong!


 Even that rank six Tie clan Gu Immortal who had spoken just now was surprised. Wu Yong actually supported Tie clan in building Beacon Tower?


 While everyone was still in shock, Wu Yong spoke again, his voice was low and deep, his every word landing in the immortals’ minds like a giant rock.


 He said: “It is time to make a change. Have you still not realized? The wave of the great era is already upon us, the five regions’ regional walls have also started to thin. If we don’t start changing now, we will be submerged by this wave of the new era.”


 The immortals fell into silence.


 Another person stood up, he was Ba clan’s first supreme elder who had always wanted to seize the number one position from Wu clan.


 He rarely spoke and thus startled everyone: “My Ba clan supports Wu Yong. We need to look ahead, Central Continent has Heavenly Court, Northern Plains has Longevity Heaven, what does our Southern Border have?”


 He paused for a moment before making a logical point: “We have many forces but every force is independent, we will be taken down by the other regions eventually. So I support Wu Yong and also agree to Tie clan building Beacon Towers.”


 Not long after him, Chi clan’s first supreme elder Chi Qu You expressed his support.


 Then, Luo clan, Hou clan, Chai clan, and so on also expressed their strong intent to unite.


 Southern Border’s immortals suddenly realized that this event was of an extreme importance and would be recorded in the history of Southern Border!


 Never had such a situation appeared where Southern Border’s righteous path forces joined hands. This was not just a superficial proclamation, but a true close cooperation!


 The atmosphere was heated like never before, waves rose in Southern Border Gu Immortals’ minds as they felt an excitement at participating in a historical moment!


 “Let Fang Yuan be the first sacrificial offering to our Southern Alliance, then... the other four regions!” Wu Yong did not conceal his ambitions.



***
Chapter 1621 - Fang Yuan’s Tribulation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several months later, Southern Border.


 In a nameless ordinary valley.


 “Hah!” Rank six female immortal Ba Tao gave a loud shout as auras surged out from her body. She lifted her hands like she was bearing thousands of kilograms of weight, her face quickly reddened and her body started trembling in exhaustion.


 “Quick.” Ba Tao urged.


 A Gu Immortal who was standing at the side activated a killer move.


 This person was a young looking rank six Gu Immortal from Tie clan. He was Tie Yi, son of Tie Qu Zhong.


 Red light spheres started rising up, suddenly with a loud sound, the spheres turned into a soaring red light pillar that shot towards the skies.


 But at this time, an old looking Gu Immortal revealed himself, he was standing on clouds. With a wave of his hand, he suppressed this red light pillar.


 The red light pillar dissipated, revealing a seven floored pagoda that looked like it was forged from bronze. A fire was quietly burning on top of the pagoda.


 “Done.” Tie Yi let out a breath of air, revealing a satisfied expression: “Another Beacon Tower is built.”


 “So exhausting.” Ba Tao breathed a sigh of relief as she sat on the ground, panting.


 The old looking Gu Immortal slowly floated down, at the same time, countless Gu worms gathered and went inside his sleeves.


 This was a small group tasked to build Beacon Towers.


 There were three people, Tie clan Gu Immortal Tie Yi was in charge of building the Beacon Towers, Ba Tao was supporting him, while the old Gu Immortal was in charge of setting up a formation to disguise the process. After all, the commotion of the Beacon Tower’s construction was huge and could easily be known by others.


 There were still more than a dozen of such groups. After Southern Border’s righteous path forces agreed to collaborate, these small groups rushed everywhere to build Beacon Towers.


 “Beacon Tower is indeed worthy of being Tie clan’s signature Immortal Gu House, it is truly unbelievable for a Gu House formed from mortal Gu to be able to transport Gu Immortals!” The old Gu Immortal sighed while gazing at the Beacon Tower.


 Tie Yi helped Ba Tao stand and replied to the old Gu Immortal: “The true terror of Beacon Tower is that the higher the number of Beacon Towers built, the greater their overall power. To reach an Immortal Gu House’s power, there needs to be at least one hundred Beacon Towers. Right now, the number of Beacon Towers in Southern Border is already over one thousand and can transport rank seven Gu Immortals. But to transport rank eights, we need at at least ten thousand Beacon Towers.”


 “Many thanks for clearing my doubts.” The old Gu Immortal expressed his thanks.


 Tie Yi and the old Gu Immortal glanced at each other and smiled.


 If it were before, this secret of Beacon Tower absolutely could not be mentioned. But because Southern Border’s righteous path was uniting, the Gu Immortals’ attitude towards each other was gradually changing.


 “If we had a Beacon Tower near that tributary of the River of Time, our Southern Border righteous path could have mobilized our troops and saved my grandfather in time.” Ba Tao mumbled in a daze while looking at the Beacon Tower.


 “Ba Tao, we still have hope. Wasn’t Yi clan’s Gu Immortal released by Fang Yuan? This demon Fang Yuan just wants more cultivation resources.” The old Gu Immortal consoled.


 Tie Yi did not speak, his mind was, however, in a disorder.


 His situation was similar to Ba Tao, his father Tie Qu Zhong had also been captured by Fang Yuan.


 He was of course furious and hated Fang Yuan, but he had to admit that if Fang Yuan had not captured so many Southern Border Gu Immortals and made Southern Border righteous path feel pain, would Southern Border righteous path forces have united so quickly?


 Between comfort and pain, the latter was able to move people’s hearts much more easily.


 Sometimes, Tie Yi felt this situation was ironic. Beacon Tower’s plan had been Tie clan’s dream since long ago, but it had come to fruition because of a demonic path overlord. Naturally, there was also another important reason, the impending great era. But regardless, Fang Yuan’s actions had played a key role.


 Whoosh whoosh.


 The Beacon Tower suddenly let out a strange sound, even slightly shaking for a moment.


 “What’s going on?” This sight immediately attracted the old Gu Immortal’s attention, he frowned and looked at Tie Yi.


 Ba Tao also casted her gaze at Tie Yi.


 She had participated in building many Beacon Towers, but had never seen this scene before. Were there some flaws in the construction of this Beacon Tower?


 Tie Yi’s frown was even deeper: “You don’t need to worry, this scene is not because of an issue with this Beacon Tower, it is because one of the Beacon Towers spread throughout the Southern Border has been completely destroyed.”


 “Oh? So it was like that.” The old Gu Immortal slightly relaxed.


 Ba Tao snorted coldly.


 This scene was within the expectations of Southern Border’s righteous path. Although the construction of Beacon Towers had obtained the approval of Southern Border’s righteous path, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had demonic cultivators and lone cultivators as well.


 Beacon Towers were under the control of Tie clan, it represented the benefits of Tie clan and other Southern Border super forces, which had no relation to these demonic and lone cultivators.


 It was extremely likely for a Beacon Tower to be destroyed by these Gu Immortals if they discovered it.


 “Investigate who attacked, we will kill them as a warning to the others!” The old Gu Immortal’s killing intent soared, this was one of the methods, discussed by the Southern Border righteous path forces, to deal with such matters.


 However, at the next moment, Beacon Tower’s anomaly shocked the three immortals.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh.


 A series of strange sounds resounded for a while. The newly constructed Beacon Tower trembled non-stop like an epileptic patient.


 “What happened?”


 “This... does this mean many Beacon Towers are being destroyed successively?”


 Ba Tao and the old Gu Immortal once again looked at Tie Yi.


 This time, even Tie Yi was puzzled as he mumbled: “Strange, does this Beacon Tower really have an issue?”


 But at the next moment, their doubt was removed.


 The three immortals’ expressions changed because they had received astonishing news at almost the same time.


 The mad destruction of Beacon Towers was caused by only one person, it was none other than the nefarious and unpardonable demonic path overlord Fang Yuan!


 “Fang Yuan has outstanding wisdom path methods, it is not difficult for him to deduce the location of these Beacon Towers. He also has Fixed Immortal Travel and can move anywhere freely. It is not strange for him to be able to do this.” Tie Yi’s expression was gloomy.


 “Damn it! That incompetent Heavenly Court, they actually let Fang Yuan steal Fixed Immortal Travel!” Ba Tao said furiously with clenched fists.


 The old Gu Immortal was steady and cautious: “We should return to our clans. Since Fang Yuan is moving about, it is not safe outside.”


 Tie Yi and Ba Tao tensed up as they thought of Fang Yuan’s methods, having no intention to stay behind.


 At the same time, Wu Yong, Chi Qu You and other clan leaders were in an urgent meeting.


 “Fang Yuan probably noticed the threat of Beacon Towers so he is taking an early action to destroy them! Look, my clan’s Beacon Tower has already made him feel unease.” Tie clan’s first supreme elder said.


 “Hmph, just let him destroy. The construction of Beacon Towers is quite difficult and requires Gu Immortals to personally do it. But they are only constructed with mortal Gu, so their cost is low, we can just let him destroy them.” Shang clan’s first supreme elder laughed coldly, showing the aura of a wealthy force.


 Wu Yong, however, frowned, he had slightly more understanding of Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan is crafty, we cannot look down on him. I feel like his action has another deep meaning, it is not as simple as it looks.”


 Wu Yong’s words immediately attracted other Gu Immortals’ attention.


 One of them spoke: “Would this be possible? Fang Yuan is going to undergo tribulation in Southern Border, and one of these Beacon Towers is extremely near to the location where he will undergo tribulation. So he took action and destroyed a large amount of them.”


 “It is reasonable!”


 “Quick, gather wisdom path Gu Immortals to make deductions!”


 “As long as Fang Yuan makes a move, he will leave behind all kinds of clues. Right now, he is making a big commotion, we will definitely have more gains in our deductions.”


 After a round of deductions, there were indeed great results.


 Southern Border righteous path obtained three locations which had the greatest possibility of being the areas where Fang Yuan would undergo tribulation.


 “Quickly investigate.”


 “These three areas should be emphasized and guarded heavily.”


 Similar commands were passed down, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world moved with an unprecedented and united pace, all to kill their common enemy.


 A moment later, shocking news reached every Southern Border force — there was an unusual disturbance of heaven and earth qi in the five regional mountain range and its range was extremely large!



***
Chapter 1622 - Besieging Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Five regional mountain range?” Jun Shen Guang’s thoughts flickered.


 Fang Yuan’s unbridled destruction of Beacon Towers caused a huge commotion, even Heavenly Court, which had very weak influence in Southern Border, was able to detect it.


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces had gathered many wisdom path Gu Immortals and deduced three locations, which also included the five regional mountain range.


 While in Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei deduced alone but had found out about five regional mountain range a step earlier.


 Jun Shen Guang immediately moved towards the five regional mountain range.


 At the same time, all kinds of relevant information about the five regional mountain range appeared in his mind.


 This five regional mountain range was not a naturally formed mountain range, but was man-made. The person who could create such a mountain range was naturally not ordinary, he was rank eight restriction path Gu Immortal Tao Zhu.


 This person had extraordinary attainment level and was called Restriction Expert. He had done deep research regarding the five regional walls, he attempted to find a way to allow Gu Immortals to travel through the regional walls easily.


 Unfortunately, even until his death, there had been no progress. But this five regions mountain range was left behind and became a special area in Southern Border.


 “Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch was beaten by Fang Yuan when she chased him into the regional wall, this battle revealed the secret of Fang Yuan receiving almost no suppression in regional walls. The regional walls can even be said to be his natural territory.”


 “Unfortunately for him, it is almost impossible to draw in heaven and earth qi in regional walls, he definitely can’t undergo tribulation in the regional walls. But five regional mountain range is different, this area is man-made and has ample earth qi since it is in Southern Border, heaven qi is also not scarce in it, it is also able to provide some territorial advantages for Fang Yuan!”


 Jun Shen Guang was extremely fast, he had already crossed tens of thousands of li while all kinds of thoughts moved rapidly in his mind. He could already see the five regional mountain range on the horizon.


 Jun Shen Guang was able to so quickly rush to the scene because he had been lurking near this area.


 Everyone knew of the five regional mountain range, it was not a secret.


 Months ago, Fairy Zi Wei had deduced some locations where Fang Yuan might undergo tribulation. Five regional mountain range was among the top possible locations.


 As such, the five regional mountain range was one of the heavily observed locations by Heavenly Court.


 This time, to deal with Fang Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei did not hesitate to transfer many rank eight Gu Immortals into the other four regions. Southern Border had two, Jun Shen Guang was one of them, the other was a rank eight Gu Immortal, Wei Feng, who was rather far away but was currently rushing towards the location with all haste.


 Jun Shen Guang reached close to five regional mountain range and activated a killer move to hide himself before carefully moving forward.


 Swoosh swoosh!


 Endless amounts of heaven and earth qi, like giant river waves, were drawn in and gathered in the central area of the five regional mountain range.


 That area was covered in shadows and bright light, nothing could be seen. That area was like a bottomless hole that endlessly devoured the enormous amount of heaven and earth qi.


 “This scale, it is truly terrifying...” Jun Shen Guang felt a chill from the sight. He quickly activated his unique investigative methods.


 After Fang Yuan successfully trapped and captured the group of Southern Border Gu Immortals, Jun Shen Guang had appeared to inspect the battlefield.


 Right now, Jun Shen Guang was vigilant and did not dare to rashly move ahead even though he was a rank eight Gu Immortal, a rank higher than Fang Yuan. If by any chance, he rashly entered the five regional mountain range and discovered it was Fang Yuan’s trap, it would be truly miserable.


 After Jun Shen Guang inspected properly, he confirmed someone was indeed undergoing tribulation.


 But whether it was Fang Yuan or not was unknown.


 Jun Shen Guang was extremely patient and used other methods, after a while of investigation, he confirmed an otherworldly demon was undergoing tribulation.


 As such, Jun Shen Guang was almost one hundred percent sure this was where Fang Yuan was.


 “He is truly undergoing tribulation here!” Jun Shen Guang mumbled, his gaze holding some disbelief.


 But he quickly reacted, smiling at himself: “The truth sounds fake while the lies sound real, Fang Yuan is clearly here but I actually don’t dare to believe it.”


 Northern Plains’ Hei tribe had unique methods that could detect otherworldly demons. Heavenly Court naturally also had similar killer moves.


 Back when Fairy Zi Wei had tried to persuade Fang Yuan to surrender, she had revealed: Heavenly Court is the Heavenly Court of humanity, even otherworldly demons would be accepted in it. Heavenly Court had indeed recruited otherworldly demons before but there were no clear records in history, so others were unaware.


 It was not strange for Heavenly Court to possess such methods.


 Jun Shen Guang was currently using this method.


 “The probability of Fang Yuan taking such methods into consideration and deceiving us is too low. After all, even if he has reborn, this method was specially modified by Lady Zi Wei recently.”


 “I’ve heard that after Yuan Qiong Du joined Heavenly Court, besides being in charge of restoring fate Gu, he has also been refining Immortal Gu targeted towards dealing with Fang Yuan.”


 There were cases in history where rank eight demonic path Gu Immortals caused havoc in the world.


 When Heavenly Court became unable to restrain them easily, they would refine Immortal Gu to deal with such demons. This kind of Immortal Gu were specially meant to subdue specific demons, and as such had extraordinary effect.


 Fang Yuan was only rank seven but was already thought so highly by Heavenly Court, a case like this was unprecedented even in history.


 “There could be another reason, he is no longer able to delay the grand tribulation and must undergo the tribulation!” Jun Shen Guang’s eyes flashed with sharp light.


 Someone was undergoing tribulation here and that person was an otherworldly demon; it was clear that person was Fang Yuan.


 If it were someone else, who would come to this place to undergo tribulation?


 Adding on the scale of the heaven and earth qi, and the otherworldly demon identity, who else could it be other than Fang Yuan?


 “Good, good, good. Fang Yuan, my Heavenly Court has finally caught you!” Jun Shen Guang’s face shined with increasing excitement.


 Fang Yuan had already started his tribulation and could not move casually during this time, he had become a live target.


 Even if he had Fixed Immortal Travel, how could he use it?


 This could be said to be Fang Yuan’s weakest moment.


 Jun Shen Guang’s expression slowly calmed down, turning serious as a deadly and murderous aura moved around his body.


 “If I kill Fang Yuan, I will make a world-shaking contribution!” Jun Shen Guang’s heart was set on fire, it was truly lucky that he could encounter such a good opportunity!


 “No wonder Lady Zi Wei once told me that I had abundant luck, although it is not a match for Fang Yuan’s, I won’t be suppressed by his luck as long as I don’t make the first move. If I stalk from behind like an oriole, waiting for Fang Yuan’s luck to weaken, I have a chance to win.”


 Jun Shen Guang’s eyes were already burning with killing intent.


 “So what if it is the five regional mountain range? It is only an imitation of the regional walls, even if Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation in the regional wall, I, Jun Shen Guang, would forcibly enter and kill him!”


 Rumble!


 A sonic wave suddenly erupted as an Immortal Gu House charged into the five regional mountain range like lightning.


 Jun Shen Guang’s heart immediately chilled: “Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building? These Southern Border immortals arrived really fast! Sure enough, the Beacon Towers helped them a lot. Even my Heavenly Court does not have such methods to gather troops so quickly. When we invade Southern Border in the future, we must first get rid of these Beacon Towers.”


 Jun Shen Guang was actually somewhat happy to see these Southern Border righteous path forces. He wanted these people to spearhead the attack, wearing down Fang Yuan’s battle strength and luck.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building rose to the sky, Wu Yong and the Southern Border righteous path immortals were looking at the whole five regional mountain range from within the bamboo building.


 Many Gu Immortals felt puzzled and stunned at such a scale of heaven and earth qi.


 Some wisdom path Gu Immortals deduced together, and soon, one of them excitedly said: “It is almost certain that Fang Yuan is undergoing tribulation here!”


 “Great!”


 “Wonderful, wonderful.”


 “Fang Yuan is a heinous demon with deep sins, we will avenge our Southern Border righteous path’s brethren by taking his head today.”


 “We are saving the world by killing this demon, we will bring blessings to the people of the world!”


 “Hmph, this Fang Yuan really thinks my Southern Border righteous path is a pushover? He is really undergoing tribulation in Southern Border.”


 “Hehehe, he probably thought we will be afraid because he has our members in captivity. Little could he imagine how firm our Southern Border righteous path is in defending our values!”


 The Southern Border immortals were full of battle intent.


 Xia clan’s second supreme elder Xia Zhao and third supreme elder Xia Chen Yuan looked at each other with helplessness. They really wanted to save their first supreme elder Xia Cha, but they had no choice but to go with the flow in this atmosphere.


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces were already suppressing deep anger from being extorted by Fang Yuan. It was just that they were not able to find Fang Yuan’s location, after calculating the benefits, they chose to be extorted to protect the hostages.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan was in front of them, as long as they killed him, they might be able to obtain inheritances of multiple venerables, countless cultivation resources, and several secluded domains of heaven and earth!


 The soaring hatred and the enormous benefits made these Southern Border Gu Immortals’ eyes turn red.


 “Our Southern Border righteous path alliance is newly established, we need to establish a name for ourselves using an infamous demon, Fang Yuan is perfect for this. Everyone, this damned demon is undergoing tribulation, we have limited time, we will attack from all sides and make his death anniversary exactly a year from now!” Under Wu Yong’s command, Southern Border righteous path immortals rushed out.


 They had a powerful group of immortals: Chi Qu You, Shang Wu Jie, and other rank eight Gu Immortals; seniors with high authority like Xia Zhao and others, rank seven experts like Yao Du, Hou Teng, Ba De and so on. Even Jun Shen Guang who was hiding inwardly clicked his tongue. This was almost the full force of Southern Border’s righteous path, there were probably only some minor rank six immortals left to guard their headquarters.


 At this moment, inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Heaven qi was surging rapidly, boundless lumps of lights condensed into dozens of giant beams of light and shot towards Fang Yuan.


 Earth qi solidified, restraining Fang Yuan’s movement.


 Fang Yuan was austere, his attention was not on the tribulation, but outside his immortal aperture.


 “Oh wow, quite a number of people have showed up. Southern Border’s righteous path really hates me, of course the wealth I possess is also extremely attractive. Besides them, there definitely have to be Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals lying in ambush, but I am not able to find them for now.”


 He had captured many Southern Border Gu Immortals and soul searched them, gaining deep understanding of Southern Border’s righteous path, but he did not dare to have any hint of carelessness right now.


 Southern Border’s righteous path had robust foundations and hidden trump cards. Especially some deeply hidden trump cards, even the clan’s first supreme elder might not be aware of them, let alone the captives in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 “The Beacon Towers are troublesome indeed.” Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.


 “I destroyed so many, but it is extremely easy for them to construct more again. In my first life of five hundred years, Southern Border was defeated repeatedly before they finally began constructing Beacon Towers on a large scale. In this life, because of me, the construction of the Beacon Towers has been brought forward. Those holding high positions are indeed not simple, they cannot be underestimated.”



***
Chapter 1623 - Eight Ears Monkey


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Southern Border immortals immediately felt strong forces of repulsion and attraction when they entered the five regional mountain range.


 They activated their killer moves to move forward while maintaining defensive methods, their immortal apertures shook constantly as they suffered backlash from their immortal killer moves.


 “This demon chose quite a good place!” Some Southern Border Gu Immortals said with hatred.


 “Even if my immortal aperture is destroyed, I will get rid of this demon!” Many Gu Immortals instead became filled with battle intent as their thoughts of killing Fang Yuan became even more firm.


 Fang Yuan was so crafty and vicious, he was audacious and arrogant, having no fear of even Heavenly Court let alone of the other regions’ righteous paths.


 This person was only rank seven but had ambushed Southern Border’s righteous path immortals and taken them captive for ransom, if he was allowed to advance to rank eight, how disastrous would that be?


 If Fang Yuan was a righteous path member, it would be fine.


 Righteous path had to abide by rules. But he was of the demonic path, a lone individual, he killed or robbed others for the cultivation resources he needed. This was an irreconcilable conflict!


 Moreover, Fang Yuan not only had terrifying battle strength to kill and loot, he could even defend against deductions, this was too frightening.


 This calamity must be eradicated as early as possible!


 “Kill! Charge in!! Avenge our clansmen.”


 “Whoever kills Fang Yuan will be heavily rewarded by me, Shang Wu Jie!”


 “I, Chi Qu You, will personally set up an immortal formation for them!”


 “My Wu clan will open the treasury and let the person who kills Fang Yuan choose three Immortal Gu!!”


 The morale of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals soared crazily in front of the great rewards. They split into various groups and moved to every area of the five regional mountain range, creating a perimeter around the central area before charging in.


 Caw caw!


 A series of chicken cries was heard, a giant immemorial year chicken suddenly appeared and blocked Shang Wu Jie’s group.


 Fang Yuan had naturally made arrangements, spreading immemorial year beasts in all directions to block the enemy.


 This immemorial year chicken charged ferociously towards the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 The accompanying rank seven Gu Immortals felt a chill in their hearts and were about to defend with all their strength when they suddenly heard Shang Wu Jie’s snort.


 “A little chick trying to block me!” Shang Wu Jie shouted, directly activating a rank eight killer move.


 Boom!


 The immemorial year chicken was sent flying, it crashed into a mountain and fell unconscious immediately.


 The rank seven Gu Immortals gasped at this sight, their gaze towards Shang Wu Jie had already changed.


 “Shang Wu Jie might be a rank eight Gu Immortal but he was never famous for his battle strength, I didn’t imagine his offensive move to be so fierce!”


 “An immemorial year chicken is still an immemorial year beast, but was knocked unconscious by Shang Wu Jie without even a chance to retaliate.”


 “Ferocious, too ferocious!”


 “Shang clan is ranked among the top five super forces of Southern Border, but the strength Shang Wu Jie showed is too powerful.”


 Shang Wu Jie’s performance was extremely shocking. No matter how weak the immemorial year chicken was, it was still at rank eight level, who could have thought it would be get done in by just one move.


 “Oh? He brought weak chicken Gu with him...” Fang Yuan was observing the situation outside while undergoing the tribulation.


 The immemorial year chicken’s poor performance made Fang Yuan recall a famous transaction in his previous life. Ba clan rank seven Gu Immortal Ba Ji paid an enormous price to obtain rank eight weak chicken Gu from Shang clan. Because of some special method, he was actually able to use this Immortal Gu and increase his strength greatly, successively raising a huge storm in the five regions chaotic war.


 “Currently, Gu Immortal Ba Ji is still in closed cultivation, he is not famous and is hardly regarded by anyone. Weak chicken Gu is still with Shang clan and was brought by Shang Wu Jie to deal with me.”


 Shang Wu Jie’s battle strength was not outstanding among Southern Border’s rank eights, but he created a great sensation with weak chicken Gu.


 Fortunately, that immemorial year rooster was only unconscious and not killed, it could still be saved.


 Fang Yuan immediately sent an immemorial year snake to attack Shang Wu Jie’s group.


 The two sides confronted, Shang Wu Jie was immediately obstructed, his previous momentum coming to an abrupt stop.


 Several other groups were also facing Shang Wu Jie’s situation, and they all had rank eight Gu Immortals. Fang Yuan was clearly prioritizing defending against these rank eight existences.


 These immemorial year beasts were not the match of the rank eight Gu Immortals in one-on-one combat, but they could block them for some time.


 Moreover, it was different in the five regional mountain range.


 The difficulty of using any immortal killer move increased greatly and the Gu Immortal would even suffer the backlash. There were also attraction and repulsion forces that constantly disturbed the Gu Immortals. They not only had to concentrate on the fight, but also had to constantly pay attention to these constant attraction and repulsion forces.


 These attraction and repulsion forces became greater on those with higher cultivation. Rank eight Gu Immortals would face great difficulty to make any move, this was also why, under normal situations, rank eight Gu Immortals traveled through black heaven or white heaven, detouring around this path.


 But in the end, the five regional mountain range was only an imitation of five regions’ regional walls, so its obstruction towards rank eight Gu Immortals was not as powerful as the true regional walls. Even so, it still greatly restricted the actions of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 For a moment, even Wu Yong had to use all his strength to fight the immemorial year beast, unable to move any further.


 These immemorial year beasts came from the River of Time and were not born in the five regions, so they suffered no restrictions.


 As for Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, it was a consolidated immortal killer move and would be severely restrained in the five regional mountain range. Wu Yong had already stored it inside his immortal aperture and did not dare to rashly take it out.


 “This demon’s scheme is truly sly, no wonder he chose this place to undergo tribulation!” A Gu Immortal coughed out blood and shouted.


 “Forget us, charge in and disturb Fang Yuan’s tribulation. We can’t let him pass this tribulation!” Chi Qu You shouted.


 Fang Yuan had arranged all the immemorial year beasts, but their numbers were not as high as the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 While the immemorial year beasts were restraining the Southern Border immortals, they were also being restrained at the same time. Many Southern Border Gu Immortals passed around the immemorial year beasts and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 “Formation, rise!” Fang Yuan was not panicked, under his command, a large immortal formation suddenly activated in the surroundings.


 Instantly, the Southern Border Gu Immortals lost their five senses, dense fog appeared before them making them lose their direction.


 “This demon had a backup plan indeed!”


 “Don’t be afraid, Immortal Gu Houses can’t be used easily in the five regional mountain range, the same applies to immortal formations. Once enough time passes, it will collapse by itself, at that time, Fang Yuan will have to bear the backlash of the collapse!”


 “No, this is exactly that demon’s plan. As long as he can hold out for this time and pass the tribulation, even if the formation collapses and he suffers backlash, he can use Fixed Immortal Travel to escape.”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals rapidly conversed with each other, immediately realizing Fang Yuan’s delaying tactic.


 “We need to break this formation as soon as possible!”


 “Do you have such methods?”


 “Not good, Chi clan’s Gu Immortals are all obstructed, none of them came.”


 “Damn it, this demon did it deliberately.”


 “Hahaha.” Suddenly, a Gu Immortal’s laughter could be heard.


 Everyone’s gaze was attracted towards the source, they saw a person with a large head, small body, and crafty eyes. Someone immediately asked: “Friend from Hou clan, why are you laughing?”


 Hou clan Gu Immortal Hou Zi Shua stopped laughing and said: “No need to be worried, everyone, I found that this formation has no space path ability, it is only confusing our senses and causing us to fail to detect the correct direction. I have a beast that can be used for this. Come out!”


 Just as he finished speaking, a strange light shot out of Hou Zi Shua’s immortal aperture and landed on his shoulder, turning into a monkey.


 This monkey was small, covered with dense amount of silver fur, it had eight ears, four on the left and four on the right.


 A Gu Immortal gasped in shock: “Could this be an immemorial desolate beast eight ears monkey?!”


 Hou Zi Shua laughed loudly: “You are exactly right!”


 Ear monkey was a strange and precious beast, it was an information path beast. Even ordinary mortal ear monkeys were scarce, an immortal ear monkey was even rarer.


 When the ear monkey has six ears, it is a desolate beast. Seven ears meant ancient desolate beast. And eight ears meant an immemorial desolate beast!


 Instantly, the Southern Border immortals’ gazes towards Hou Zi Shua changed.


 Hou Zi Shua only had rank seven cultivation, he neither had great battle strength nor was famous, who could have thought he was actually hiding an immemorial desolate beast!


 He had really hidden it deeply, he might not have showed this trump card if not for this expedition to kill Fang Yuan.


 “Monkey, monkey, where is the enemy?” Hou Zi Shua stroked the eight ears monkey’s small head and softly commanded.


 The eight ears monkey, an immemorial desolate beast, was actually so tame that it obediently listened to Hou Zi Shua’s words. It immediately tilted to the side and listened for a moment, before screeching and pointing towards a direction.


 Everyone followed its direction, immediately making continuous breakthroughs.


 Suddenly, the immortal formation changed, the eight ears monkey immediately screamed loudly; it listened once again before pointing to another direction.


 Fang Yuan frowned, if this went on, he would not be able to block these Southern Border Gu Immortals even if he repeatedly changed the formation.


 “It is actually an eight ears monkey! Although Hou clan has always focused on raising and enslaving monkeys, I didn’t think they had such a rare divine beast.” Jun Shen Guang’s killing intent rose.


 Killing Fang Yuan was of great importance, Jun Shen Guang hesitated for a moment before deciding to take the risk. When the Southern Border Gu Immortals had entered the five regional mountain range, he had already quietly activated a killer move to conceal himself and enter.


 The other Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, Wei Feng, was rapidly approaching as well.


 “Beasts like eight ears monkey can perceive everything in the surroundings, when Central Continent invades Southern Border, most of our concealment methods will be useless. Killing it will be greatly helpful to my Heavenly Court’s plan!”


 A trace of killing intent appeared in Jun Shen Guang’s eyes when he looked at the eight ears monkey.


 The eight ears monkey immediately reacted, giving a sharp panicked screech.


 “This beast is quite sensitive!” Jun Shen Guang quickly retracted his gaze and looked ahead: “Forget it, I will spare it for now. The urgent task is still Fang Yuan.”


 “Don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid!” Hou Zi Shua comforted the eight ears monkey.


 Right at this time, their vision suddenly cleared up, some Gu Immortals shouted: “We have broken out!”


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s entrance was wide open as it endlessly devoured the surging heaven and earth qi.


 “This is Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture?”


 “We are close now!”


 Their enemy was in front of them, but the Southern Border immortals were dazed, looking at each other, none dared to move forward.


 Fang Yuan’s terrifying might made these rank seven Gu Immortals feel uneasy.


 “Hmph, the Southern Alliance might have been established, but can the overall situation be changed instantly? These people are still a disorderly band!” Jun Shen Guang sneered.


 He continued to move ahead while concealing himself, he was trying to enter Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 “Once I enter Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, he will be in a passive state and will have to hold back for fear of destroying his own resources.”


 “I don’t even have to fight Fang Yuan, I just need to move around while destroying his resources, Fang Yuan definitely would not be able to bear it.”


 “Even more perfect is that Fang Yuan’s grand tribulation has yet to form, if I disturb him from the side, he will make a mistake trying to deal with everything and I might really be able to kill him.”


 “But for more assurance, I should continue to hide inside his immortal aperture, and after Fang Yuan has fought the tribulation and Southern Border immortals for a while, I can make a fatal move. Hahah! I can’t wait to see his expression when he realizes a powerful enemy has entered his immortal aperture.”


 Jun Shen Guang possessed extremely powerful concealment methods, this was one of his specialties.


 Naturally, he knew there was also a possibility of him being seen through and discovered by Fang Yuan.


 But if he did not grasp such a great opportunity, he would miss a chance at victory! Moreover, the probability of Fang Yuan seeing through his concealment was low.


 What did not carry risk? Let alone when it would be a fierce battle.


 Jun Shen Guang was a high and mighty rank eight Gu Immortal, but he had never lost the courage to stake his life. It was just that he had a clear understanding of when he should take the risk and when he should not.


 “Now is the time to stake my life!” Jun Shen Guang’s eyes shined with bright light as he activated his immortal killer move. He endured the backlash and entered the sovereign immortal aperture along with heaven and earth qi.


 The Southern Border immortals had all been maintaining investigative killer moves but none of them detected Jun Shen Guang.



***
Chapter 1624 - This is a Trap!


***





 



 3


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The immortal aperture’s entrance was wide open, but the scale of the absorption of heaven and earth qi had already decreased by a lot.


 “What is this? The enemy is in front of you and you are all hesitating?” A Tie clan Gu Immortal shouted at the Southern Border immortals.


 Many became red with shame, they immediately came to their senses and someone yelled: “Let’s charge in together!”


 “Fang Yuan is still undergoing tribulation, we will win this battle! Whoever runs away will be the biggest disgrace of Southern Border’s righteous path!”


 “That’s right, let’s charge into his immortal aperture. Even if we die, we will make sure this demon has huge losses!”


 “Hehehe, why so pessimistic? This demon has extorted so many things, his immortal aperture definitely has wondrous and rare resources, not to mention he also has a few secluded domains of heaven and earth!”


 “My clan’s Gu Immortal is still in his captivity, I wonder where he is putting the captives.”


 “I have already checked, there are no immortal formations around us.” Hou Zi Shua assured while stroking the eight ears monkey’s small head.


 The Southern Border immortals immediately put their hearts at ease.


 Fang Yuan’s formation had made Southern Border’s righteous path suffer huge losses. After this problem was removed, their morale soared, charging into the entrance of the immortal aperture one after the other.


 Buzz buzz buzz!


 But right at this moment, there was a change.


 Ear-piercing buzzing sounds resounded throughout the battlefield, almost bursting the immortals’ eardrums.


 At the same time, an extremely dazzling light burst out; many Southern Border Gu Immortals were caught off-guard, their vision was covered in white as they temporarily lost sight.


 The Southern Border immortals were shocked, they defended in panic while sending out countless killer moves towards the center of the light.


 The person inside the light was not Fang Yuan, but Jun Shen Guang!


 He was furious and shaken: “This killer move of mine is fright light, it will activate automatically when I face fatal danger and I don’t need to control it. Fright light was activated when I tried to sneak into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture! What’s going on?! Could there still be a trap?”


 1


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, he retreated rapidly while blocking the bombardment of the Southern Border immortals.


 “Hehehe, you have great methods, but since you have arrived, why be in a hurry to leave?” Fang Yuan’s leisurely laughter reached Jun Shen Guang’s ears.


 Jun Shen Guang’s mind jolted, crying out: “Oh no!”


 He immediately sensed a formless attraction force pulling him, trying to drag him into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Immediately, Jun Shen Guang’s doubt completely disappeared, he was certain that this was Fang Yuan’s trap!


 Jun Shen Guang roared and without regard for the backlash from the five regional mountain range, he crazily activated his immortal killer moves to resist the formless attraction force.


 Jun Shen Guang used his main method to turn into a ray of strange light once again and tried to shoot out of the battlefield.


 But although the killer move succeeded, the strange light’s speed was so slow, to the point of being like a snail or a tortoise.


 “Damn it, this is a time path method!” Jun Shen Guang immediately identified it because this time path method had slowed down his time by close to one hundred times.


 Jun Shen Guang was extremely shocked: “I am a rank eight Gu Immortal with rank eight dao marks, why am I being slowed down so much? Fang Yuan’s time path method is actually at rank eight level, this is completely beyond the previous information, how did he achieve this?”


 “What happened?”


 “I have been struck!”


 “Time is extremely slow, it is like I am trapped in a swamp, quickly think of some way!”


 Like Jun Shen Guang, the nearby Southern Border immortals were also in the same situation.


 “Hehehe, you all came uninvited, I should naturally pay such enthusiasm a hundredfold in return.” Fang Yuan descended on the battlefield.


 They saw a Gu Immortal wearing a loose white robe, with black hair fluttering in the wind, his face was handsome to the point of being beautiful. A pair of deep abyss-like eyes with a gaze filled with coldness and terrifying killing intent.


 The Gu Immortals here were all too familiar with this appearance, such that their bodies started shaking and their faces paled in fright.


 Someone among the Gu Immortals said with a trembling voice: “Fang Yuan!”


 Fang Yuan ignored these rank seven Gu Immortals and looked at Jun Shen Guang.


 Jun Shen Guang’s face was red as he used all his strength to get rid of the time path restraints. He had plenty of methods and they were showing good effects under his efforts, the time path restraints on him were decreasing and his speed was subsequently increasing.


 Fang Yuan smiled, slowly extending his left arm.


 His pristine jade-like hand spread open elegantly, like the blossoming of a white lotus.


 Soul path aura surged out and instantly shrunk fiercely, condensing into an illusory figure in Fang Yuan’s left palm.


 This illusory figure looked like the real Luo Po Valley, but shrunk by countless times.


 Luo Po Valley’s illusory figure leisurely rotated while Fang Yuan’s left hand began to slowly close.


 Jun Shen Guang’s mind rang madly with warning signals, an unprecedented sense of danger had shrouded his whole body and mind. His eyes opened wide, almost about to rip open from the nervousness.


 “What is this killer move?! Terrifying, too terrifying! My feeling is not wrong, I will not survive if I get hit by this move! Escape, I must escape!!”


 Jun Shen Guang’s face turned completely red, his thin brows trembled madly as his previous grace completely disappeared.


 Immortal killer move — Sun Deity’s Radiance.


 With a shout, he directly used his strongest method. His whole body turned into a lump of light, endless light erupted, it was like a small sun had appeared in the battlefield!


 The scalding white light had inexhaustible might, wherever it went, Fang Yuan’s time path methods crumbled apart.


 The Southern Border immortals had just freed themselves when they were engulfed by the endless glaring sunlight.


 The imitation regional wall that spread over every mountain dissipated completely under the illumination of the powerful sunlight. The whole five regional mountain range began to shake, especially the center of the battlefield where large amounts of mountain rocks began to crumble and fall.


 The aftereffects of sun deity’s radiance even affected other battlefields.


 Southern Border’s groups with rank eights, who were fighting with immemorial year beasts, were heavily disturbed by this.


 “This is a rank eight Gu Immortal of Central Continent?”


 “Hmph, this is probably a person of Heavenly Court!”


 The light dissipated, the scene at the central battlefield became extremely clear. Suddenly, a Gu Immortal cried out in shock.


 “Wait, that immortal aperture... that is my clansman’s immortal aperture!”


 “What? It is not Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture?!” Everyone was terrified.


 “This is a trap!” Jun Shen Guang shouted as he forcibly concentrated and retreated madly.


 “Escaping?” Fang Yuan suddenly appeared above Jun Shen Guang.


 Jun Shen Guang’s heart shook fiercely as he stared at Fang Yuan rigidly with narrowed eyes. In that instant, he suddenly realized that rather than saying Fang Yuan was ambushing Southern Border Gu Immortals, it was more accurate to say he was specially ambushing Heavenly Court’s members like himself!


 “So your true target was me!”


 “Hmph, you have already exposed that move, I am now already on guard. Your trap has also collapsed, can you still restrain me?”


 “A mere rank seven... I am a rank eight Gu Immortal! I also have Wei Feng rushing here now.”


 “Unless this group of Southern Border Gu Immortals teamed up with you, do you think you can kill me?”


 Jun Shen Guang breathed heavily, countless rays of light flowed around him like liquid, protecting him heavily.


 Sure enough, the Southern Border immortals attacked at the next moment.


 Their target was Fang Yuan!


 Wu Yong took the lead, while Chi Qu You and Shang Wu Jie followed closely behind. They attacked Fang Yuan, disregarding the attacks of the immemorial year beasts. Following them, large numbers of Southern Border Gu Immortal experts used their main techniques.


 Jun Shen Guang laughed heartily: “Fang Yuan, you demon, you have brought your own doom by committing so many sins! You still want to kill me? Your death is certain today!”


 “Is that so?” In the brink of danger, Fang Yuan was still calm, the corners of his lips even rose slightly to reveal a mocking smile.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, his rank seven aura suddenly changed. An incomparable aura soared to the skies and shot in all directions.


 Everyone at the scene was greatly shocked.


 “What?!”


 “Rank eight aura!”


 “Impossible!!”


 Fang Yuan’s body paused slightly before he lightly pointed his finger.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 Next, he folded his hands, his sleeves fluttered and formed a fan.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 “This is?!” Chi Qu You and Shang Wu Jie were dumbstruck at this scene.


 “This is Lady Xia Cha’s...” Several of Xia clan’s rank seven Gu Immortals cried out, an extremely bad feeling shrouded everyone’s hearts.


 Rumble!


 Spring scissors attacked Jun Shen Guang, immediately suppressing him, while summer fan which was in Fang Yuan’s hand waved rapidly, blocking all killer moves of the Southern Border immortals.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s demonic aura surged as he fought the whole group alone, it was a grand spectacle!



***
Chapter 1625 - Luo Po Seal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shock!


 All the Gu Immortals present at the scene felt shocked at seeing Fang Yuan fight against everyone.


 They had come to obstruct and disturb Fang Yuan from passing his tribulation, to prevent him from becoming rank eight.


 But none of them had thought that when they saw him, he was already rank eight.


 This unexpected result caught all of them off guard.


 “When did he advance to rank eight?!” Chi Qu You’s eyes were wide open in disbelief.


 “It is not strange for him to be able to use spring scissors and summer fan, the important thing is that these killer moves have been amplified by time path dao marks and are able to obstruct all the attacks. Even if Fang Yuan advanced to rank eight, how could he have gained so many time path dao marks in such a short period of time? I think he has likely possessed Xia Cha’s body and used familiar face to deceive us and make us think he has already passed the tribulation.” Shang Wu Jie forced himself to calm down and analyzed.


 “No! First supreme elder’s Spring and Summer are both rank eight Immortal Gu and can only be activated by rank eight immortal essence.” Xia clan’s second supreme elder Xia Zhao shouted.


 “Then...” Shang Wu Jie immediately hesitated.


 Immortal essence contained the Gu Immortal’s will and had to belong to themselves, if they died, their heavenly spirit or land spirit could use their immortal essence.


 The only exception was Immortal Gu Houses as immortal essence from any source could be used in them. But the killer moves Fang Yuan used were clearly not Immortal Gu Houses.


 If Fang Yuan was only rank seven with red date immortal essence, he would not be able to activate rank eight Immortal Gu Spring and Summer, even if he possessed Xia Cha’s body and obtained her immortal essence.


 “No use in thinking much, we will know after killing Fang Yuan.” Wu Yong called out.


 He flew forward, the immemorial year beast behind him collapsed to the ground, unable to get up.


 At this crucial moment, Wu Yong displayed powerful battle strength, he first killed Fang Yuan’s immemorial year beast and then used all his strength to attack Fang Yuan.


 “Fang Yuan!” Wu Yong’s gaze was cold as his battle intent surged wildly, “Even if you have truly advanced to rank eight, you won’t escape your doom today. This five regional mountain range, which you carefully chose, will be your graveyard!”


 Just as he finished speaking, the whole mountain range began to tremor violently.


 The ground quaked, the mountains shook, and debris flew everywhere.


 “What’s happening?” The immortals were stunned.


 Wu Yong’s voice traveled to everyone’s ears: “Don’t panic, this is a backup plan I arranged, it can change the alignment of the earth vein under the five regional mountain range and destroy the mountain range!”


 The immortals were even more puzzled.


 So what if the earth vein’s alignment changed?


 But soon, they had a pleasant surprise, as the mountain range gradually crumbled, the five colored lights unique to the five regional mountain range were also rapidly dissipating.


 “This?!” Even Jun Shen Guang was astonished.


 “Amazing. Without these shackles, our battle strength will recover and we will no longer be restrained!” Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were rejoicing.


 “Wu Yong is indeed different from Wu Du Xiu, he still had another card up his sleeve!” Shang Wu Jie’s eyes flickered with sharp lights.


 “How can Wu clan be so familiar with five regional mountain range? There cannot be this level of effect just by changing the alignment of the earth vein. They also would have to know the arrangements made by Tao Zhu back then!” Chi Qu You’s thoughts were fluctuating rapidly.


 The large formation, set up by Wu clan’s and Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals in the periphery of the five regional mountain range, was constantly rumbling, it was the source of the change in the entire five regional mountain range.


 Qiao Si Liu, Wu Yu Bo and some others were in charge of this formation.


 Wu Yu Bo chuckled coldly while looking towards the battlefield: “This demon Fang Yuan wants to rely on the five regional mountain range, now that we have destroyed his territorial advantage, how will he defend against our Southern Border righteous paths’ attacks?”


 Qiao Si Liu was silent, her expression was slightly complicated.


 She had once been quite close with ‘Wu Yi Hai’ and had even believed she and he would get married. But the outcome was shocking beyond her imagination. Wu Yi Hai was actually Fang Yuan in disguise. She felt a chill every time she thought of how close she had been with a great demon like Fang Yuan.


 She did not have any feelings left for Fang Yuan, her complicated emotions were because of the five regional mountain range.


 Everyone thought Tao Zhu’s research of the regional walls did not succeed. But that was not quite true.


 Qiao clan had by chance obtained clues to Tao Zhu’s inheritance and had been secretly exploring the clues to excavating the inheritance.


 But they had not expected Wu Yong to know of this information, and under his pressure, Qiao clan had to offer their findings which were then used now.


 It was because of such clues that Wu Yong had a deep understanding of the five regional mountain range and could make the lights of the five regions disappear by changing the earth vein. If it were any other who tried to change the earth vein without knowledge, unless they were extremely lucky, the lights would still exist for the most part.


 “Oh! This is a rank eight Gu Immortal’s inheritance, but it is all used up here, and with the destruction of the five regional mountain range, there is no hope in exploring the inheritance anymore.” Qiao Si Liu sighed.


 She seemed to have had many thoughts, but a very short time had passed.


 Jun Shen Guang’s fright light activated as he was chased by Fang Yuan, the Southern Border immortals attacked Fang Yuan but their attacks were blocked by Fang Yuan who revealed rank eight cultivation, Southern Border immortals conversed rapidly, while Wu Yong made the first move, the five regional mountain range crumbled, removing Fang Yuan’s terrain advantage.


 All these changes happened in an instant.


 Fang Yuan endured the Southern Border immortals’ attacks while still chasing after Jun Shen Guang even when Wu Yong was nearing him.


 Jun Shen Guang had used his trump card, his aura had already fallen to an extreme point. His sun deity’s radiance killer move was extremely powerful, but it not only expended a huge amount of white litchi immortal essence, it also permanently decreased his light path dao marks. It was a move that dealt damage to the enemy as well as to himself. Moreover, he had activated it inside the five regional mountain range and had already suffered a powerful backlash. Although he managed to escape for the moment, he was seriously injured.


 But now, the lights of the five regions were rapidly weakening, Jun Shen Guang felt like a huge load was removed from his back, he felt more at ease in his movements as his greatest concern was removed.


 Looking at Wu Yong rushing towards Fang Yuan, a thought appeared in Jun Shen Guang’s mind: “Should I cooperate with the Southern Border Gu Immortals to kill Fang Yuan?”


 This thought had just emerged when it was immediately rejected by Jun Shen Guang.


 “Continue to escape!”


 The current situation was extremely complex, he was not a Southern Border Gu Immortal. More importantly, Fang Yuan was chasing him, if he managed to escape, it would mean Fang Yuan’s failure.


 Jun Shen Guang prioritizing his escape was a very wise move.


 Fang Yuan was still chasing him closely, disregarding Wu Yong.


 At this time, there was another change.


 A powerful aura suddenly emerged. Enormous pillars in five colors soared to the skies, a loud voice reverberated throughout the five regional mountain range: “Junior, you did well, you actually passed my final test of destroying the five regional mountain range. Now, my five regions inheritance is yours! Cultivate properly and you can move unrestrained and unhindered over the world in the future, don’t let down my name.”


 In the middle of the five colored light pillars, a smoke-like will condensed into the vivid appearance of a Gu Immortal.


 Many gazes were inevitably attracted towards this. Someone recognized this appearance: “This looks like old man Tao Zhu.”


 “This can’t be, right?” At the periphery of the mountain range, Qiao Si Liu heard the voice from within the pillars and felt strange: “Tao Zhu’s final test was to destroy the five regional mountain range? This accidental action actually activated Tao Zhu’s inheritance!”


 Tao Zhu’s will heard someone calling him old man and immediately felt unhappy, speaking arrogantly: “What old man, since you are inheriting my inheritance, how could you be so disrespectful?”


 Rumble!


 Wind blew rapidly, heaven and earth roared.


 Replying to him was Wu Yong’s rank eight killer move, but it was targeted towards Fang Yuan and not him.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal robe shook and ripples appeared on it, it was the immortal killer move reverse flow protection seal!


 This move reflected the attack, Wu Yong continued to close in while enduring the reflected attack.


 Fang Yuan’s speed was immediately restrained.


 The move Wu Yong used had an extremely wide range, so reverse flow protection seal only reflected back a portion that had struck Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan continued to fly while reflecting the attacks back, although he was completely safe, his speed was greatly reduced.


 Fang Yuan had already used reverse flow protection seal many times, how could Wu Yong not have prepared specific restricting methods?


 “What!” Tao Zhu’s will was stunned, he quickly looked around and saw several rank eight Gu Immortals fighting, there were also many rank seven experts present on the scene. He almost broke down from the shock!


 “What, what’s going on?” This was completely different from his original expectation, there was no respectful junior in front of him, there were only vicious and fierce Gu Immortals!


 “Ignore him, he is just a dead man.”


 “The inheritance is here, we can take it after the battle!”


 “The urgent thing now is to kill Fang Yuan! Not to mention Tao Zhu’s inheritance, I would even give up a Gu Venerable’s true inheritance to kill Fang Yuan!!”


 The immortals shouted in fury, their attention once again focusing on Fang Yuan’s body.


 Tao Zhu’s will: “....”


 He was stupefied, this was completely out of his expectations.


 Shortly afterwards, he shook as he reacted: “Who in the world is that person being chased by so many Gu Immortals? To kill him, they can even give up a Gu Venerable’s true inheritance?”


 Tao Zhu’s will looked towards Fang Yuan but did not recognize him.


 “Who is this person? Someone who became a Gu Immortal after my main body’s death?”


 Right at this time, Fang Yuan had finally caught up to Jun Shen Guang.


 Jun Shen Guang’s whole body was soaked in sweat from the nervousness, intense warning signals caused his heart to beat like a drum!


 He escaped with all his strength while cursing internally: “Wu Yong, you bastard! What killer move did you use, even trapping me?”


 Wu Yong’s killer move had an extremely wide range, even Jun Shen Guang received its ‘care’. Wu Yong’s exquisite method was not so easily broken, Jun Shen Guang’s strength fell sharply, his speed fell even more than Fang Yuan’s.


 “It’s over.” Fang Yuan mumbled lightly as he attacked with no change in his expression, calm like an ancient well.


 The illusory figure of Luo Po Valley in his palm was slowly rotating. Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s fingers clenched it tightly.


 A gray light shot out from the gap between the fingers.


 Fang Yuan then opened his palm and slapped towards the distant Jun Shen Guang.


 COMMENT


 The light shot out with extreme speed, Jun Shen Guang dodged it frantically like a headless housefly.


 Wu Yong, who was chasing from behind, had a sinister look in his eyes.


 A wild wind suddenly blew around Jun Shen Guang, obstructing him heavily.


 “Wu Yong, I curse your grandmother!” Jun Shen Guang did not even have time to complete his curse when Fang Yuan’s gray light struck him.


 In an instant, his flight came to an abrupt stop. His physical body had no injuries, but his soul was heavily injured to the point it was almost extinguished!


 Immortal killer move — Luo Po Seal!


 While Jun Shen Guang was in a daze, an Immortal Gu House suddenly appeared beside Fang Yuan. Inside the Immortal Gu House, Ying Wu Xie attacked Jun Shen Guang with a killer move he had prepared for a while.


 Immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!


 Jun Shen Guang could not react, instantly falling into a dream realm, unable to extricate himself.


 The Immortal Gu House was shadowy and faint, it immediately absorbed Jun Shen Guang and flew to Fang Yuan’s side.


 Wu Yong paled from fright!


 He had disturbed Jun Shen Guang because he wanted to test the power of Fang Yuan’s move. After all, Jun Shen Guang was not a Southern Border Gu Immortal, why not make use of him once?


 But Wu Yong had never expected Fang Yuan to capture Jun Shen Guang in one move!


 Previously, Fang Yuan had captured the Southern Border immortals by trapping them in a meticulously laid out time path formation. But now, he captured Jun Shen Guang with just a few methods!


 Such an increase in battle strength was simply horrifying.


 “What killer move is that, it feels like it only targets the Gu Immortal’s soul? It has such terrifying might, I must defend against it!”


 “There is also the Immortal Gu House! What is that Immortal Gu House, it almost cannot be detected when it is concealed!”


 Southern Border’s rank eights rushed over with surging momentum.


 But when they witnessed Fang Yuan capturing Jun Shen Guang, they were shocked and bewildered as their battle intent fell sharply.



***
Chapter 1626 - Wu Yong’s Loss


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s actions shocked Tao Zhu immensely!


 Where did this soul path Gu Immortal come from? He severely injured a rank eight Gu Immortal with just one attack! Such imposing demonic might, even Spectral Soul was merely at this level when he was young.


 “I didn’t expect this young man, who looks so delicate, to be so vicious and have such peerless methods. He must have committed many sins, or else why would Southern Border’s righteous path attack him on such a scale?”


 Noticing this, Tao Zhu’s will became frightened.


 For the first time, he felt that the pillars of light around him were so glaring.


 “My main body had made this arrangement for the convenience of the inheritor. Oh, who could have expected this situation to happen at the moment the inheritance activated.”


 “What did I do to deserve this? Was it easy for my main body to make such a painstaking arrangement?”


 Tao Zhu’s will immediately felt lonely and helpless. In this situation, let alone him, a mere will, even his main body would have to stay away from this conflict.


 The implications were too deep and troublesome, he could not rashly get involved!


 Tao Zhu’s will was frightened, dejectedly curling inside the pillars while mumbling: “Don’t look at me, don’t look at me...”


 1


 Why would the Gu Immortals have the time or mood to look at him?


 Fang Yuan had captured the rank eight Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang in front of everyone, such terrifying battle strength made the rank seven Gu Immortals have parched mouths, and even the rank eights were dazed.


 “How can we defeat such a powerful enemy?”


 “If I stake my life and something unexpected happens, what will happen to the clan? Other rank eights will keep their lives while I will be wasting mine for them.”


 When Fang Yuan was rank seven and could fight rank eight with reverse flow protection seal, Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortals could accept this level of battle strength.


 But it was completely different now!


 Fang Yuan was not only a rank eight Gu Immortal, he also possessed a mysterious and powerful method that seemed to be a soul path method. And it made a great combination with lead soul into dream.


 Jun Shen Guang’s example was right in front of them, the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortals could also very well fall to Fang Yuan’s vicious methods!


 At the crucial moment, the deep-seated problem for Southern Border’s righteous path emerged again. They were forces who had prioritized themselves for too long, a heavy wariness against each other was already ingrained deep in their bones, even if they realized the necessity of an alliance, faced with a choice at this time, these rank eight Gu Immortals all felt hesitation.


 These Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortals hesitated, but Fang Yuan had no hesitation.


 He laughed loudly as he turned around and charged towards Wu Yong.


 “Wu Yong! What did you say earlier? This is my graveyard? Hahaha! I think it is the opposite, this is your graveyard. Come, come, let’s settle the score once and for all!”


 Fang Yuan gave a loud shout, his voice resounding throughout the five regional mountain range like thunder.


 His white robe and hair fluttered in the wind, his demonic aura and surging killing intent shocked the immortals.


 3


 Chi Qu You, Shang Wu Jie and other rank eight Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan targeting Wu Yong, feeling complicated. They were tense but also could not help feeling a slight relief as all kinds of thoughts lingered in their minds.


 Fang Yuan might be powerful but he was only one man in the end. Moreover, Chi Qu You had transacted with Fang Yuan before.


 In the current Southern Alliance, the alliance leader’s position was empty and Wu Yong was undoubtedly the number one choice for it. If he became the alliance leader, who knew how he would treat the other clans.


 Southern Border had always been divided, the biggest problem in working together were the mental hurdles and self-interest of the respective Gu Immortals.


 When two tigers fought, one was definitely going to be injured.


 Whether the injured one was Fang Yuan or Wu Yong, it was beneficial to other clans.


 Moreover, it could not be said we had not come to aid, aren’t we being hindered by immemorial year beasts?


 “Useless bunch!” Wu Yong inwardly cursed when he saw no one coming to his aid.


 But he did not fear Fang Yuan, instead his courage and battle intent were stirred!


 “Let me see what method you used to capture a rank eight Gu Immortal!” Wu Yong took out Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and controlled this Immortal Gu House to charge straight at Fang Yuan.


 Although Fang Yuan had a mysterious Immortal Gu House, it absolutely would not be able to survive a collision with Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, his eyes flashed with a sinister light as he suddenly changed his direction and flew down.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building’s momentum was too fierce and fast as it missed its target.


 “Wu Yong, you are safe with the Immortal Gu House to protect you. In that case, how about I kill these rank seven immortals, can you save them? Hahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed madly.


 “Damn it!” Wu Yong quickly changed the direction of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and chased after Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Wu Yong, you have such a huge ambition, you established the Southern Border alliance to become its leader, right? Let’s see if you will still have the face left to become the alliance leader after I kill these people!”


 Fang Yuan had not actually made any real attacks at Wu Yong, but his words were like blades that stabbed deeply in Wu Yong’s heart.


 Wu Yong had led the Southern Border immortals to besiege and kill Fang Yuan, on one hand, it was because he had deep hatred towards Fang Yuan, on the other hand, it was to accumulate reputation to pave the road to the position of alliance leader.


 But if he let Fang Yuan kill these rank seven Gu Immortals while he remained safe inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building without being able to do anything to Fang Yuan, his reputation was sure to take a huge hit and he would be even further from the position of alliance leader.


 Wu Yong was anxious and furious, almost pacing around in Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building. Although Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was extremely fast and was rapidly catching up to Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan had already reached those rank seven Gu Immortals.


 “Persevere!”


 “Am I going to die?”


 “Not necessarily! There are many Gu Immortals here, we still have hope of survival!”


 Fang Yuan had yet to attack but these rank seven Gu Immortals’ morale had already dissipated, they did not have any thought of counterattacking and were only thinking of how to preserve their lives.


 The scene of Fang Yuan capturing a Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal was truly horrifying.


 “Go die! Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s shout suddenly stopped.


 At the moment of danger, a dense yellowish-brown radiance suddenly appeared under the Southern Border immortals and firmly protected them.


 This was a rank eight defensive killer move!


 “Fang Yuan, why commit more murders? You kill me, I kill you, this cycle is too pitiful and miserable. You are an outstanding person of this era, why can’t you see through this?”


 Lu Wei Yin’s figure appeared not far away.


 “Hmph! You again!” Fang Yuan gazed fiercely at Lu Wei Yin.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building flew over like a meteor and carried with it Wu Yong’s intense hatred and anger, heavily collided with Fang Yuan’s back.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 Fang Yuan was completely safe, the attack was reflected back to Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 But the enormous collision force sent Fang Yuan flying like a cannonball.


 Wu Yong was suddenly at ease, he had sent Fang Yuan away from these rank seven Gu Immortals and it would be even more difficult for him to attack these people.


 But soon, Lu Wei Yin’s voice reached him: “Not good! This is Fang Yuan’s plan, he is escaping!”


 Wu Yong’s expression immediately turned ashen as he helplessly looked at Fang Yuan smoothly charging into that immortal aperture.


 The moment he entered, the immortal aperture’s entrance loudly closed.


 “Fang Yuan is too crafty, since he put an ambush here, how could he not have arranged an escape route? He entered the immortal aperture because he must have a way to escape, like Fixed Immortal Travel!”


 Veins popped up on Wu Yong’s forehead, he felt extremely stifled.


 Immortal apertures had always been easy to defend and hard to attack, especially an immortal aperture that had its entrance closed. Naturally, Southern Border’s righteous path group could break into this blessed land. But Fang Yuan already had enough time to escape!


 Wu Yong had gathered such a large team but still failed, not only was he unable to harm a single hair of Fang Yuan, a Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal was captured right in front of everyone!


 This was simply a kick to Wu Yong’s face.


 “What is more insufferable is this guy...” Wu Yong’s dark gaze stared at Lu Wei Yin.


 He suddenly spoke: “Lu Wei Yin, why didn’t you stop him?”


 Lu Wei Yin quickly greeted as he said slowly: “I am ashamed! I already used all my strength to protect these Southern Border friends, I truly did not have strength left to obstruct him.”


 Lu Wei Yin was instantly swarmed with countless expressions of gratitude from the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Wu Yong breathed heavily in anger, his fists were tightly clenched but he could do nothing to Lu Wei Yin.


 Lu Wei Yin had a terrifying background of being Paradise Earth’s inheritor and was the competitor who possessed the greatest threat to Wu Yong’s dream of taking the alliance leader position.


 Wu Yong had led the immortals to besiege Fang Yuan but had left Lu Wei Yin behind so he could more easily accumulate prestige.


 But the result was: Fang Yuan escaped while Wu Yong gained nothing, his reputation suffered while Lu Wei Yin was the complete opposite!


 Wu Yong’s gaze shined sharply as if lightning sparks were flashing inside.


 After a while, he sighed and let his body relax, the anger on his face completely disappeared while his battle intent soared inwardly. A faint smile appeared on his lips as he clapped, thinking: “Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, you two are truly something! I lost this round entirely because of you two...”



***
Chapter 1627 - Zi Wei’s Lingering Fear


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “How could this be? How could this be...” When information of the Southern Border battle reached her, Fairy Zi Wei kept on mumbling in perplexity.


 The vast and bright hall was now filled with doubts.


 Fang Yuan had not only passed the tribulation, becoming rank eight, he had even laid a trap in the five regional mountain range and captured Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang!


 Fairy Zi Wei already knew of the Southern Border Gu Immortals being captured by Fang Yuan, but she had never imagined the same fate would befall her Heavenly Court so quickly.


 A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal was actually captured alive!


 How long has it been since this happened?


 The instant she learned of this news, Fairy Zi Wei had subconsciously thought of the impressive battle achievements of multiple Demon Venerables.


 Her brows showed her worry and there was even nervousness.


 Despite her estimating Fang Yuan highly, his growth had still greatly surpassed her expectations.


 “Ever since Fang Yuan gained reverse flow protection seal, he has been huge trouble. Now that he has become rank eight, along with Xia Cha’s methods, regardless of using the terrain advantage in the five regional mountain range to weaken his enemies, he indeed possesses a threat to Heavenly Court Gu Immortals!”


 Fairy Zi Wei heaved a deep sigh.


 She had already expected such a day. So she had tried all ways to eliminate this danger beforehand, but who could have expected Fang Yuan’s progress to be so fast!


 “Fang Yuan’s progress is getting faster and faster, it seems like the quantitative change is becoming a qualitative change. But how in the world did he become a rank eight without any commotion?”


 Fairy Zi Wei did not understand.


 She had always thought Fang Yuan’s extremely fast cultivation progress was because he had used time path methods to quicken his immortal aperture’s rate of time.


 But looking back over it, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly realized Fang Yuan also had a peerless method that could raise his cultivation level!


 “Then... what is this method?”


 Fairy Zi Wei did not continue deducing, instead she left the hall and arrived at Spectral Soul’s confinement area.


 The large formation rumbled into motion, after a long while, Fairy Zi Wei returned to her hall with a shaken expression.


 “Sovereign immortal fetus Gu! Sovereign immortal aperture... so it was like this!” Fairy Zi Wei muttered to herself, she was dazed and her soul was shaken.


 Spectral Soul’s ambition shocked her.


 What made her even more fearful was that sovereign immortal fetus Gu had been refined and obtained by Fang Yuan!


 An intense bitterness emerged in her heart.


 Spectral Soul had really hidden it too deeply!


 If not for Fang Yuan revealing clues this time which made Fairy Zi Wei doubtful and use a specialized soul search, she would still have been in the dark.


 “No wonder Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed is so fast! This time, he should have annexed many Southern Border Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures to skip tribulations and become a rank eight.”


 “He could activate Xia Cha’s killer moves and confront other rank eights head on, this means he has annexed Xia Cha’s immortal aperture. Only then would he have enough time path dao marks to amplify Xia Cha’s killer moves.”


 “Immortal apertures can only swallow smaller immortal apertures, but the sovereign immortal aperture is special. But devouring Xia Cha’s rank eight grotto-heaven would require time path great grandmaster attainment, how could Fang Yuan have it?”


 “Wait!”


 Suddenly, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression became extremely unsightly.


 All kinds of clues merged in her mind and removed her previous bewilderment.


 “Fang Yuan has dream path methods and can raise his attainment level through dream realms!”


 “No wonder he entered Southern Border and plundered dream realms. His time path great grandmaster attainment was definitely gained from dream realms.”


 “Gasp...”


 Thinking of this, even Fairy Zi Wei, who held a high status and was very experienced, could not help taking in a cold breath.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal aperture and could devour apertures to skip calamities and tribulations.


 And the biggest obstacle in devouring apertures was the attainment level of the respective paths.


 It was extremely difficult to raise attainment level and often required hundreds of years. But Fang Yuan could quickly raise his attainment level through dream realms.


 Like this, he could create a beneficial cycle, his cultivation speed could rise to a level where it could raise a terrifying wave even in the entire history of human cultivation.


 “No, more accurately, what is terrifying is Spectral Soul. Fang Yuan was only a chess piece of heaven’s will to destroy Spectral Soul’s heaven defying plan, it was just that he escaped heaven’s will’s control in the end.”


 Fairy Zi Wei felt a chill.


 Heavenly Court had already confined Spectral Soul and Fairy Zi Wei would also frequently torture and soul search to extract important information from Spectral Soul.


 But despite this, Fairy Zi Wei was feeling deep lingering fear.


 If Spectral Soul had truly succeeded, he would have great grandmaster attainment level in all paths. With his extreme killing nature, he could continue devouring apertures and along with Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance’s resources, he could totally go straight to rank eight!


 At this level, Spectral Soul would have pseudo-venerable battle strength.


 More importantly, when the five regions chaotic war starts and dream realms appear everywhere, Spectral Soul might even be able to progress further. His huge ambition could be felt just by looking at lead soul into dream! He had already made countless preparations in this aspect. If he truly reached this step, his dominance would be too large. Even the Great Dream seed Feng Jin Huang might have no chance to mature.


 “Fortunately, he was not able to make the breakthrough during the most important juncture. Currently, Fang Yuan is taking his place in this plan, so it is more accurate to say that he did not succeed but he did not completely fail either.”


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply when she thought of Fang Yuan.


 “Fang Yuan gave up on those Southern Border Gu Immortals and instead prioritized capturing Jun Shen Guang. His action is similar to me soul searching Spectral Soul, he wants to get the location of Heavenly Court from Jun Shen Guang’s soul.”


 “Oh no... the River of Time!”


 The tumultuous river was always flowing.


 It was so vast that its ends could not be seen.


 From inside an Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan quietly looked at the ebb and flow of the river and its countless dazzling ripples.


 The River of Time!


 After entering the immortal aperture and gaining some free time, Fang Yuan used an immortal killer move made with Fixed Immortal Travel to escape the battleground.


 Not long later, he entered the River of Time.


 Right now, Jun Shen Guang’s soul was facing constant soul searching inside his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Fang Yuan urgently needed to know what arrangements Heavenly Court had made in the River of Time!


 “I laid an ambush in the five regional mountain range and fought a large battle, although I captured Jun Shen Guang, I revealed too much information.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to catch Heavenly Court off guard and not give them enough time to respond, so he directly entered the River of Time in this short time period.


 “This Lu Wei Yin is not simple. His action was too timely, saving those Southern Border rank sevens at the most critical time. He was probably hiding nearby all along.”


 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had a merciful and compassionate nature, he restored peace to the chaotic world and repaired the damage done by Spectral Soul in all five regions. In the five regions, and especially Southern Border, among the ten venerables, his reputation is the highest.”


 “As his current inheritor, Lu Wei Yin has inherited this reputation as well. This person is going against me, but his true goal does not look to be so simple and is hidden in a layer of fog.”


 “Unfortunately, there is no such person in the memories of my previous life!”


 The more he thought, the more Fang Yuan felt his five hundred years of memories were not reliable.


 Naturally, there was also the possibility that the butterfly effect of his rebirth had spread until it involved Lu Wei Yin.


 Fang Yuan slightly shook his head, forgetting about Lu Wei Yin for the moment, and thought of Tao Zhu’s inheritance.


 He felt a huge regret.


 Tao Zhu’s true inheritance was definitely related to the five regions’ regional walls.


 The five regions’ regional walls would disappear without a trace in the future and the five regions would merge into one, Tao Zhu’s research in crossing the regional walls would look like a joke.


 But think about it carefully.


 Tao Zhu could construct the five regional mountain range, couldn’t this method of imitating the regional walls be used to defend oneself?


 Especially for Fang Yuan, fighting in regional walls was extremely advantageous.


 “It is a pity, a true pity. The situation did not allow me to take this inheritance, I had missed this true inheritance of Tao Zhu by a hairsbreadth.”


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was not low, he had a strong premonition that missing this chance to obtain Tao Zhu’s inheritance was a severe loss to him.



***
Chapter 1628 - Present and Past Pavilion, Four Xunzi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Tao Zhu’s true inheritance...”


 If this was months ago, Fang Yuan might be able to use the Southern Border Gu Immortals to exchange for this inheritance.


 But now, the Southern Border captives that he had were already annexed, he had already killed the hostages.


 These Southern Border Gu Immortals were all rank seven Gu Immortal experts, while Xia Cha had rank eight cultivation level. The sovereign immortal aperture annexed them as well as the immortal aperture blessed lands in City Well, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level rose rapidly, he went from rank seven to rank eight, skipping the final rank seven grand tribulation.


 Fang Yuan originally planned to continue capturing Southern Border Gu Immortals in the five regional mountain range before extorting them. But because of Lu Wei Yin, Fang Yuan’s plan was disrupted.


 Not only did his cultivation level rise, because the sovereign immortal aperture could annex his enemies perfectly, Fang Yuan’s dao marks also rose in huge numbers!


 Using perceivable dao Immortal Gu to check them, Fang Yuan’s current dao mark accumulation was extremely deep.


 He originally had very little time path dao marks, almost at the bottom, but it had emerged to become his number one path, having seventy-three thousand dao marks. Almost all of it was Xia Cha’s contribution, he had truly ‘become wealthy from one single robbery’.


 With so many time path dao marks, Fang Yuan’s time path killer moves could be amplified by seventy-four times. Along with the rank eight Gu Spring and Summer, his battle strength was extremely high now. Within the five regional mountain range, he managed to block the attacks of many Gu Immortals at once.


 Of course, he had made use of the territorial advantage of the five regional walls’ trait, the Southern Border Gu Immortals could not work together well and conflicted with each other.


 The second was water path dao marks, reaching sixty thousand.


 He had a lot of water path accumulations, Fang Yuan had killed lone immortals Zhou Li, Wu Yi Hai, You Chan, and others, while many of the Eastern Sea lone immortals in City Well were also water path cultivators.


 Third was transformation path, having fifty thousand. It was originally first place, but had fallen to third place now.


 Fourth was soul path at thirty thousand. The immortal aperture’s own dao marks, as well as the yellow spring ghost martial statue earthly calamity and green lightning divine martial statue heavenly tribulation, along with other accumulations, added up to twenty-nine thousand. The remaining hundreds were obtained from Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation. According to Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, after million man soul, ten million man soul, hundred million man soul, and desolate soul... after reaching desolate soul, there would be a thousand dao marks on the soul.


 Next were ice and snow path, rule path, metal path, wood path, fire path, wind path, and other common paths, they had about twenty thousand.


 After that were dark path, light path, strength path, qi path, luck path, sound path, blood light, and others, being around ten thousand.


 And finally, food path, phantom path, and others were in the thousands and hundreds category.


 Next, the dream realms.


 Fang Yuan had already explored all of his dream realms in these few months, all of his different paths had grown to certain extents.


 The highest was still refinement path at quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level!


 Second were theft path and time path at great grandmaster level.


 Third were blood path, strength path, star path, wisdom path, and others, they were all at grandmaster level. Rule path and soul path also entered this category.


 The paths below that will not be explained in detail.


 Unlike dao marks, attainment level was harder to raise as it got higher. The ones with the most evident growth were time path, soul path, and rule path.


 Other than dao marks and dream realms, Fang Yuan’s development of the sovereign immortal aperture had also risen greatly due to his annexing of immortal apertures, it had reached fifteen percent development.


 And worth noting was that in Xia Cha’s immortal aperture, Fang Yuan found a year essence pool!


 This way, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had two year essence pools.


 Other than these, Fang Yuan’s greatest gains were two things.


 One was Luo Po seal.


 Fang Yuan had always been trying to create this immortal killer move, he only succeeded recently.


 The other was an incomplete Immortal Gu House.


 Fang Yuan had wanted to build his own Immortal Gu House long ago, so that Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest could fight in battle with him.


 To create this Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan took reference from Secluded Residence, Cloud City, Dark Flow Giant City, Profound Ice House, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle,Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar, Regret Pool, Sacred Feather City, Bai He Palace, and other Immortal Gu Houses, while the skeleton of the design was based on Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Several months ago, while extorting Southern Border’s righteous path to exchange Gu for Gu, Fang Yuan obtained many crucial Immortal Gu that allowed him to create the skeleton.


 This Immortal Gu House was created by Fang Yuan himself, it was unprecedented. Because he needed to enter the River of Time, it mainly used time path Immortal Gu, it had a comprehensive range of abilities and most excelled in concealment.


 Even though it was only a skeleton now, it had great battle strength in the five regional mountain range. Ying Wu Xie and the rest relied on this to cooperate with Fang Yuan, successfully capturing Jun Shen Guang.


 In the River of Time, waves rose and fell, water splattered everywhere, creating beautiful rainbow light.


 Fang Yuan rode in the incomplete Immortal Gu House as he traveled slowly in the river.


 The rank six time path clone had already emerged from the sovereign immortal aperture, standing beside him as he shut his eyes, sensing internally.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable had left behind many true inheritances scattered in the River of Time, Spring Autumn Cicada was the key to finding them.


 But the River of Time was extremely huge, in order to find the several stone lotus islands, other than luck, he also needed lots of time and energy to explore.


 “It would be best if we could find a Red Lotus true inheritance in this exploration of the River of Time.”


 “But most importantly, we need to test Heavenly Court’s arrangements and catch them off guard, if possible, we need to destroy their arrangements!”


 Fang Yuan thought as he searched Jun Shen Guang’s soul in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Jun Shen Guang’s soul originally had light path dao marks to protect it, but after Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal struck, the defense was destroyed, at the same time, Jun Shen Guang’s soul was injured, he was on the verge of death.


 Precisely so, after Ying Wu Xie used lead soul into dream, Jun Shen Guang was directly hit and fell asleep.


 The condition to use lead soul into dream killer move was to sense the soul and compare the strength between the enemy’s soul and the user to determine the success.


 Being able to deal such damage to a rank eight Gu Immortal, it showed how powerful Luo Po seal was!


 However, compared to reverse flow protection seal, and seeing how Fang Yuan used Luo Po Valley as the core of this move, it was not very surprising that it had such power.


 Right now, Jun Shen Guang’s soul was extremely weak, he could not defend against Fang Yuan’s method, information was obtained by Fang Yuan continuously.


 “What arrangements did Heavenly Court make? Jun Shen Guang must know about them.”


 A moment later, Fang Yuan’s brows eased as he found something: “Oh? Time path Immortal Gu House Present and Past Pavilion...”


 He had just thought of this when the water in front of him rose up, a huge pavilion was riding the waves and approaching.


 This pavilion was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic. The cover was made of yellow grass, the pillars were grey white rocks that were not polished. There was a folding screen1 in the pavilion, it was the most elegant decoration in there. Four Gu Immortals stood in the pavilion, they all had rank seven cultivation level, looking at Fang Yuan’s incomplete Immortal Gu House, their eyes flashed with a dangerous light.


 “This Present and Past Pavilion is a pure time path Immortal Gu House, it can inspect the past and present, it is best at investigation. Heavenly Court placed it here, the moment I entered, they noticed. Amazing, amazing!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank a little, but he praised on the surface, explaining to Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest frowned lightly or had dark gazes.


 They understood something, Fang Yuan’s incomplete Immortal Gu House was best at concealing traces, to think that Present and Past Pavilion would be able to find them. This was like their advantage getting countered, even before fighting, they had gotten into a passive situation.


 Present and Past Pavilion got to Fang Yuan and the rest before stopping, staying a thousand steps away from the incomplete Immortal Gu House.


 Someone spoke coldly from within the pavilion: “Central Continent’s Four Xunzi are here to guard the river, demon, don’t think of advancing.”


 A person behind him said: “That’s right, you’ll have to step over our corpses if you want to pass!”


 “Four Xunzi...” Fang Yuan directly soul searched Jun Shen Guang and quickly got the information of these four people.


 It turned out that these four were time path Gu Immortals, they were quadruplets, found by Spirit Butterfly Valley when they were young and specially nurtured. They comprised three older brothers and one younger sister, they were Shang Xunzi, Zhong Xunzi, Xia Xunzi, and Xun Guo Zi respectively.



***
Chapter 1629 - Great Power of Time Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 According to Jun Shen Guang’s information, the Four Xunzi had the same rank seven cultivation level, they had a combination technique with extraordinary power, even against rank eight Gu Immortals, they could contest against them.


 Of course, they were only able to fight with that one move. After a few rounds, they would definitely lose to the rank eight Gu Immortal.


 They were not like the past Fang Yuan or Feng Jiu Ge with battle strength that could rival rank eights.


 Even so, they were quite impressive. After nurturing the Four Xunzi, they had been kept hidden by Spirit Butterfly Valley, they were not easily deployed.


 “Heavenly Court wants to make arrangements in the River of Time, Spirit Butterfly Valley had to comply. Four Xunzi... four time path experts with great cooperation, they are indeed the best candidates to control Present and Past Pavilion.”


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 The Four Xunzi and Present and Past Pavilion were not out of his expectations.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals that were also time path were very rare. Heavenly Court originally had Lord Huang Shi, but he had died in the River of Time last time after Fang Yuan made use of the stone lotus island.


 In order to deal with Fang Yuan and obstruct him in the River of Time, they had to choose people who were rank seven time path Gu Immortals, unless more antiques woke up from Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard.


 What made Fang Yuan more concerned was that other than Present and Past Pavilion, Heavenly Court also had another time path Immortal Gu House, Eternal Yacht.


 “Present and Past Pavilion excels at investigation, it is nearby so it was the first to obstruct me. I cannot stay here, once the Four Xunzi delay long enough, Eternal Yacht would arrive to help it, it will be disadvantageous for me to face two enemies at once.”


 Heavenly Court had a huge advantage in this, even though they did not have time path rank eights, they had members of other paths, along with two Immortal Gu Houses, Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan only had one incomplete Immortal Gu House, even though he became rank eight, Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest were very weak.


 Fang Yuan immediately opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting out a second batch of immemorial year beasts.


 He had used the first batch of immemorial year beasts in the five regional mountain range, they were injured or killed by Southern Border’s righteous path, Fang Yuan did not manage to retrieve them.


 But it did not matter, Fang Yuan had a second batch.


 After annexing Xia Cha’s immortal aperture, Fang Yuan obtained a second year essence pool, there were two immemorial year beasts inside. Furthermore, throughout the months, Fang Yuan had been using immemorial year beast fishing formation to lure immemorial year beasts to him, before capturing them inside the year essence pool.


 Thus, Fang Yuan obtained two batches of immemorial year beasts, the second batch had a total of nine immemorial year beasts.


 The only flaw was that Fang Yuan did not manage to collect all twelve types of immemorial year beasts to form the ancient battle formation.


 He had tried to collect them during this period, but when he actually tried, he realized that getting a full set was very hard to achieve. He got the most number of immemorial year chickens, because recently, the River of Time was producing this type of year beasts1.


 In Fang Yuan’s second batch of immemorial year beasts, he had five chickens, more than half of the entire group.


 Nine immemorial year beasts roared as they charged towards Present and Past Pavilion.


 Inside Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi had grim expressions, they activated Present and Past Pavilion’s power together.


 Pew!


 A huge wave that was ten meters tall crashed towards the nine immemorial year beasts.


 Immemorial year beasts were beasts that belonged in the River of Time, Present and Past Pavilion’s waves could not obstruct their movement. Instantly, they charged through the obstacle, creating countless splashes as they approached Present and Past Pavilion.


 The surface of Present and Past Pavilion shined with brilliant light, the light shot up like a huge pillar.


 Swish swish swish...


 Waves came after waves, they were like moving walls that could attack or defend, constantly crashing into the immemorial year beasts.


 At Fang Yuan’s will, the immemorial year beast were instructed by him to cooperate, they shot out like an arrow, going past many walls of waves and reaching Present and Past Pavilion.


 But all of a sudden, the Four Xunzi shouted as the folding screen in Present and Past Pavilion turned into misty green fog.


 The green fog flew into the battlefield as the immemorial year beasts got affected, their speed fell as if they had landed in a marsh.


 The green fog settled and fused into the water of the River of Time, turning the surface of the water in this area jade green.


 Present and Past Pavilion shook intensely, the huge pillar of light faded and turned into green sparkles that enveloped the surroundings.


 The sound of crashing waves became even louder and more imposing, they were many times larger than before, thirty meters tall now. Not just that, tens of spirals formed on the surface of the River of Time, they became excellent traps to restrain the immemorial year beasts.


 The nine immemorial year beasts were originally gathered together, but after the obstruction of the waves, their formation broke apart as they fell into their own respective battles.


 At once, Present and Past Pavilion stood at the center and controlled the situation. Fang Yuan’s immemorial year beasts were all at a disadvantage.


 The Four Xunzi’s expressions relaxed.


 Shang Xunzi let out a breath of air: “We finally got past the initial period, this demon did not break through.”


 Xun Guo Zi smiled: “Present and Past Pavilion has control of the situation now, even though Fang Yuan has many immemorial year beasts, he cannot gather them, he is not a threat.”


 “That’s right.” Xia Xunzi stroke his beard: “Even though Present and Past Pavilion is not his match anyway, as long as we can stall until Eternal Yacht arrives, by then our strength will surpass him, we will be able to win.”


 Zhong Xunzi had a deep gaze: “The demon is crafty, we cannot be careless, let’s play safe.”


 He had just spoken when the immemorial year monkey closest to Present and Past Pavilion suddenly jumped up and used an immortal killer move.


 It held a huge fan in its hands as it waved towards the front.


 Rank eight immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Instantly, intense winds whipped, sweeping away everything, the entire battlefield became dark and gloomy.


 The huge waves resembling thick walls that were in front of the immemorial year monkey completely broke apart and collapsed due to summer fan.


 The immemorial year monkey snickered as it dived down.


 In Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi were shocked, they noticed that Fang Yuan was disguised as the immemorial year monkey.


 “That demon has joined the battle!”


 “Impossible! We have the investigative killer move from Lady Zi Wei, we can expose familiar face, how did he manage to deceive us?”


 Fang Yuan sneered internally, he had spent the last few months to its fullest, using all of his time and energy without any waste, he had naturally modified familiar face.


 Fang Yuan finally got to the Four Xunzi.


 Present and Past Pavilion burst out with brilliant light once again, while Fang Yuan relied on the immemorial year monkey’s tough physique to punch with its strong fists, but Present and Past Pavilion remained unmoving despite a loud sound.


 “It is useless, right now, Present and Past Pavilion is anchored here in the River of Time, how can you move it?” Xun Guo Zi said with a nervous tone.


 “Is that so...” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliant light, he used immortal killer move spring scissors at the next moment.


 Clip, clip.


 Spring scissors cut continuously, Present and Past Pavilion was able to defend itself initially, but soon, the brilliant light on it was unable to last as spring scissors cut away a corner of the roof after five to six snips!


 “This is a rank eight time path killer move, but how can it be so powerful?”


 “Even Present and Past Pavilion cannot match it? How can this be!”


 The Four Xunzi were frantic.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were filled with cold flickering lightning.


 He originally had over seventy thousand time path dao marks, it was at rank eight level. Now that he became an immemorial year monkey, his transformation path dao marks also turned into time path dao marks, adding another fifty thousand.


 Thus, he had over a hundred and twenty thousand time path dao marks now!


 Ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals would only have less than thirty thousand dao marks. A hundred and twenty thousand dao marks was not common for rank eight Gu Immortals, they normally would have to pass one myriad tribulation to get such an accumulation.


 He could amplify any time path killer move by a hundred and twenty times its power!


 And Fang Yuan was already using two rank eight immortal killer moves.


 Even though Present and Past Pavilion had the territorial advantage, Fang Yuan’s killer move was also boosted by the environment of the River of Time.


 Thus, his time path battle strength soared to the extent that even Present and Past Pavilion could not endure his attacks!


 Fang Yuan’s two killer moves forced Present and Past Pavilion back time and time again.


 The Four Xunzi tried to keep their stability in Present and Past Pavilion, while attacking sometimes, but Fang Yuan did not even need defensive killer moves like winter coat, with just the immemorial year monkey’s body, he could endure them.


 “Hold on!” A huge yacht was riding the waves, approaching them from afar. Several Gu Immortals were shouting and having nervous expressions.


 Eternal Yacht was nearby.


 “Too late.” Fang Yuan snickered, he waved the summer fan and whipped up some tornadoes, Present and Past Pavilion was shaking from the impact, it was about to collapse.


 Spring scissors flew towards it and snipped again!


 A pillar in Present and Past Pavilion broke as it collapsed entirely.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly as he jumped above Present and Past Pavilion, stomping with his huge immemorial year monkey feet.


 Boom!


 The whole of Present and Past Pavilion broke apart into pieces, the Four Xunzi were either dead or injured, they were all kicked into the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan and the incomplete Immortal Gu House left with ease.


 When Eternal Yacht arrived, it was already too late. The Gu Immortals in the yacht hesitated, should they save the Four Xunzi or chase after Fang Yuan.


 1



***
Chapter 1630 - Stone Island Trap


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Cough, cough.” Shang Xunzi sprawled on the deck of Eternal Yacht as he coughed, he had drunk a lot of water, he was drenched.


 Beside him, Xia Xunzi had already fainted, his injuries were severe, his situation was not looking good.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye walked over and looked at Shang Xunzi calmly: “The other two have been swept away by the River of Time, we cannot find them.”


 Shang Xunzi breathed roughly for a while, he forcibly stood up, taking a glance at Xia Xunzi before speaking with a pale expression: “They have already died, that demon Fang Yuan is very powerful! How is the salvaging of Present and Past Pavilion going?”


 The Four Xunzi were siblings with deep kinship, but right now, Shang Xunzi was more concerned about Present and Past Pavilion, he did not pay attention to the dying Xia Xunzi nor did he display anger or sadness.


 Qing Ye smiled: “The core Immortal Gu have not been destroyed, we have recovered all of them.”


 “That’s good!” Shang Xunzi let out a breath of air, his expression easing.


 Qing Ye nodded: “I have already prepared the room for you.”


 Shang Xunzi: “Thank you, I will go and revive my siblings now.”


 It turned out that these quadruplets, with their very close bloodline, managed to create a unique killer move. Even if three of them died, as long as one remained, they could use the killer move to rapidly revive the other three.


 Precisely so, Shang Xunzi did not feel any sadness.


 A moment later, the Four Xunzi returned to the deck with no injuries, entering battle once again.


 4


 Fang Yuan’s second batch of immemorial year beasts were surrounding Eternal Yacht, attacking from all sides, desperately drawing their attention...


 The river water was turbulent, sounds of waves crashing could be heard by Fang Yuan.


 Right now, he had returned to his original appearance, he entered the incomplete Immortal Gu House to rest.


 With this incomplete Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan had a base, it was very useful.


 “Eternal Yacht did not chase us...” After leaving the battlefield for a while, Fang Yuan relaxed his mind slightly.


 The speed of the incomplete Immortal Gu House could not match Eternal Yacht, its specialty was in concealing its traces when moving.


 With Present and Past Pavilion around, the incomplete Immortal Gu House could not move stealthily. But Eternal Yacht could not detect the incomplete Immortal Gu House, otherwise, why would it not pursue him with such an advantage in speed?


 “We are temporarily safe.” Ying Wu Xie breathed out deeply, feeling some lingering fear: “It was quite dangerous earlier.”


 “Indeed, if sect leader did not destroy Present and Past Pavilion, we might have fallen into a tough battle and would not be able to escape.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled.


 Bai Ning Bing was silent at the side.


 Hei Lou Lan looked outside the Immortal Gu House, at the grand River of Time.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was frowning with his eyes shut. He was trying to track the islands, but his vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada had no reactions.


 In fact, according to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s deduction, the higher Spring Autumn Cicada’s rank was, the larger the range of its detection to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada was only rank six, even though he had many Immortal Gu recipes, Fang Yuan’s multiple attempts at refining it ended in failure.


 It was regrettable, but Fang Yuan had done his best already.


 For the last few months, he had put in all his effort to cultivate soul path, explore dream realms, modify killer moves, extort Southern Border’s righteous path, plot for the overall situation, defend against deductions, annex immortal apertures, and so on, he had expended his time and energy.


 It was already a miracle that he could squeeze out some time to refine Spring Autumn Cicada. But the real miracle did not happen, Fang Yuan’s refinement attempts failed.


 “Even though Spring Autumn Cicada is rank six, I have already made up for the flaws in other aspects.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with deep confidence.


 He had planned deeply before entering the River of Time. Fang Yuan had already used luck path methods like burning soul bursting luck, he had only stopped after reaching the limit.


 In this vast River of Time, finding one or two stone lotus islands was purely dependent on luck.


 Roar—!


 The river water suddenly became turbulent as sounds of beast growls entered their ears.


 “There are two immemorial year beasts fighting ahead!” After inspecting it, Ying Wu Xie alerted.


 Looking at it closely, these two immemorial year beasts had already fought for some time, they were near their limit.


 Fang Yuan laughed, wasn’t this the work of luck path?


 He flew out of the incomplete Immortal Gu House and activated familiar face, becoming a part of the river water as he blended into the River of Time.


 COMMENT


 Next, he opened a trace of his immortal aperture’s entrance and activated the immemorial year beast fishing formation!


 The two immemorial year beasts detected the delicacy, their movements stopped, they charged towards Fang Yuan like they were competing in a race.


 They did not find any enemies, but they sensed a tributary of the River of Time under the river water.


 The immemorial year beasts did not think much, they charged into this tributary of the River of Time.


 This was naturally Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 If it were in the past, Fang Yuan would not dare to lure these immemorial year beasts, they would cause huge destruction to the sovereign immortal aperture if they went in.


 But now, times were different, Fang Yuan had year essence pools, two in fact!


 The year essence pools were connected to the tributary of the River of Time like huge dams.


 The immemorial year beasts were lured by the formation, following the tributary of the River of Time until they rushed into the ‘dam’, becoming trapped.


 Fang Yuan smiled heartily as he stopped the transformation killer move, he flew back into the incomplete Immortal Gu House.


 Those two immemorial year monkeys were trapped in the year essence pools, they could not find any food and sensed something amiss, but how could they return to the River of Time now?


 Fang Yuan used his enslavement path methods and quickly subdued these two immemorial year beasts.


 The incomplete Immortal Gu House moved stealthily as it searched for a stone lotus island.


 Fang Yuan met many year beasts along the way, he took in all of them, luring them into the year essence pools and subduing them.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s number of immemorial year beasts rose to six.


 And even more ancient and desolate level year beasts.


 Other than year beasts, there were other lifeforms like day beasts, month beasts, or dark web spiders in the River of Time, Fang Yuan had chosen to ignore them all.


 The use of the year essence pools was amply displayed here!


 With th, Fang Yuan could lure immemorial year beasts while keeping sovereign immortal aperture very safe. Without their restriction, the immemorial year beasts would be able to move along the tributary of the River of Time and go to anywhere in the sovereign immortal aperture. Because the tributary was present all over the whole sovereign immortal aperture.


 “Wait!” After moving for a while, Fang Yuan’s time path clone opened his eyes, bursting with bright light.


 He seemed to have found something!


 The time path clone quickly shut his eyes as he frowned deeply, trying to sense it.


 Next, he pointed in one direction: “There seems to be something there, Spring Autumn Cicada shuddered a little.”


 The time path clone spoke with uncertainty.


 But this was the only clue, Fang Yuan manipulated the incomplete Immortal Gu House and changed directions, going towards that place.


 As the distance shortened, Fang Yuan’s clone felt increasingly happy: “The feeling is getting stronger, our luck is really not bad, we found it so quickly!”


 A while later, in the vision of Fang Yuan and the rest, a thin layer of fog appeared.


 The incomplete Immortal Gu House halted for a moment before rushing into the fog with no hesitation.


 The fog was extraordinary, it could obscure one’s sense of direction and confuse them, but using the key Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan’s clone could move in the proper direction.


 The fog got thicker, the river water also moved slower due to its effect, it was not as turbulent as the water outside.


 Vaguely, the silhouette of an island appeared before Fang Yuan and the rest.


 “Stone lotus island! Red Lotus true inheritance!!” Ying Wu Xie stared wide and shouted loudly.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest also started to breathe roughly.


 When the incomplete Immortal Gu House got to the periphery of the stone lotus island, the island shot out a white light that hit the incomplete Immortal Gu House directly.


 “What is going on?!” Fairy Miao Yin screamed.


 “Oh no! This is a trap.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a sharp light, it was too late to escape now.


 The entire incomplete Immortal Gu House shook intensely, it could not resist the strong attacks outside.


 “Demon, I have been waiting for you for a long time!” A rank eight Gu Immortal with a tall muscular body appeared on the stone lotus island.


 At the next moment, his killer move that had been prepared for a while hit the incomplete Immortal Gu House.


 Boom!


 The incomplete Immortal Gu House broke apart at once.



***
Chapter 1631 - Verdant Sun Flame Cloak


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s incomplete Immortal Gu House did not excel in defense, after it was struck, it broke apart.


 Fang Yuan and the rest quickly defended themselves inside the Immortal Gu House.


 A huge amount of flames moved like poisonous snakes and burned all of the Gu worms in their way, before they gathered towards Fang Yuan in an encircling movement.


 Fang Yuan shouted as he used immortal killer move winter coat, his body was immediately covered by a layer of snow-white frost.


 The frost not only protected him, at this crucial moment, it spread out and protected the time path clone, Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest.


 In this regard, winter coat was better than reverse flow protection seal.


 Because reverse flow protection seal only defended himself, it could not help others, but winter coat was able to affect other people.


 Winter coat killer move blocked the fire snakes’ attacks, but at the next moment, the old man on the stone lotus island shouted: “By the power of flames, snakes turn into dragons!”


 Whoosh!


 The flames burst out with incredible heat, the snakes coiled around each other, turning into a huge flame dragon that was a hundred feet long, possessing huge claws and fangs.


 The bright red flame dragon slashed through winter coat before charging at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan wanted to open his immortal aperture’s entrance to store the immortals back in his aperture, but this fire snake killer move actually had a variation, with the old man’s deep experience, Fang Yuan had no time for that.


 The flame dragon opened its mouth as its soared down from above.


 Fang Yuan and the rest looked up as their faces were red from the light of the flames, the intense heat felt like it was going to grill them alive!


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and the rest all revealed looks of despair on their faces.


 This flame dragon was not an ordinary rank eight killer move, it had extraordinary power, even Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang killer move could not escape from it.


 Their only hope was Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s ears, nose, and eyes were bleeding!


 Winter coat killer move was broken, Fang Yuan suffered a rank eight killer move backlash. A large number of mortal Gu were killed, thankfully his core Immortal Gu were still alive, they were damaged but still usable.


 Fang Yuan was in a difficult situation.


 The time path clone, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and the rest were behind him, their cultivation level was too low, they could not block the flame dragon. If they had the incomplete Immortal Gu House, they could still participate in the fight, but the old man was too perceptive, he destroyed the incomplete Immortal Gu House from the start.


 If Fang Yuan stayed and protected them, not only did he have no good methods now that winter coat was broken, even if he did, it would be too dangerous!


 Because the other party wanted to force Fang Yuan to fight them, once he protects them and fights, the old man’s plan would succeed.


 Fang Yuan was almost certain that the other party still had killer moves prepared. Once Fang Yuan fights with the flame dragon, the old man would grasp the tempo of the battle, he would control the battle’s flow from now on.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan made up his mind, he moved out like lightning, dodging the flame dragon.


 The old man laughed frenziedly: “A true demon indeed! Then burn to death!”


 The flame dragon ignored Fang Yuan, it charged down.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he turned around and attacked the old man.


 The old man diverted his gaze at Fang Yuan, seeing that he was approaching, the old man smiled and revealed a sinister expression.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, he attacked so that the old man would divert attention to defend himself but the old man was similarly courageous and did not fear a frontal assault. Most possibly, he still had arrangements on this stone lotus island, he was extremely confident.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his finger, his hard work over the last few months had not been in vain, spring scissors was unleashed and shot towards the old man.


 The scissors was very sharp, but when it landed on the old man, his hair started to burn as it turned into a flame cloak, protecting him all around and blocking spring scissors.


 “Hahaha, I named this move verdant sun flame cloak, I made it from the inspiration I gained from Verdant Great Sun’s flame hair from >, it is my proudest creation. To speak the truth, even though I am a fire path Gu Immortal, I am more skilled in defense than offense! Not just spring scissors, even summer fan is useless against me.” The old man laughed loudly.


 But at the next moment, the old man’s smile faded.


 It turned out that the flame dragon had returned empty-handed, be it Fang Yuan’s time path clone, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, or others, they were still alive.


 The old man’s eyelids twitched, he licked his dry lips as he said darkly: “This is a dream realm?”


 It turned out that while Fang Yuan dodged the flame dragon, he did not abandon his clone or the other Gu Immortals, he had ordered Ying Wu Xie to self-detonate at the crucial moment.


 After the five regional mountain range, Ying Wu Xie had changed bodies, using a body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique again. Precisely because of the dream path dao marks on the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, he was able to use lead soul into dream and successfully affect rank eight Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang.


 Now that the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body self-detonated, Ying Wu Xie’s soul was trapped in the dream realm. The other immortals were very close to him, they were covered by the dream realm.


 With the manifestation of the dream realm, all other paths could not affect it. The old man’s flame dragon had great power, but against the illusory dream realm, it was useless.


 “Hmph, you are truly a scheming demon, but you will die today!” The old man stomped his feet, flying up into the sky as the stone lotus island below him scattered into dust and sand.


 The old man wore a flame cloak as he approached Fang Yuan like a blazing meteor. Spring scissors followed after him as it attacked, but the flames defended against them and the old man was completely unharmed.


 Fang Yuan flew backwards as he used summer fan.


 Intense winds blew, the old man’s flame cloak was flickering, but it seemed like the fire was growing with the wind, becoming even larger.


 The old man smiled as he exposed his sharp teeth: “How about that! My verdant sun flame cloak is unparalleled, have you felt despair yet? Hahaha!”


 Like what the old man has said, summer fan and spring scissors were useless against verdant sun flame cloak.


 Not only that, as they got closer, an intense feeling of drunkenness assaulted Fang Yuan.


 But soon, Fang Yuan used his wisdom path killer move and regained clarity in his mind.


 Verdant sun flame cloak not only contained the extreme profundity of fire path, it also mimicked the effects of human path and food path. As the old man got closer to him, the greater the feeling of drunkenness would be.


 Fang Yuan tried his best to retreat, wanting to pull some distance from the old man, but against his wishes, the enemy’s speed surpassed him by quite a bit.


 “Demon, you are trapped in the formation, where can you run to? Obediently accept your death!” The old man shouted.


 Earlier, the stone lotus island was merely an illusion, its true essence was a super time path immortal formation set up in the River of Time!


 This formation was very powerful, even Fang Yuan could not notice it. As it activated now, a formation space was created, Fang Yuan was trapped inside, restricting him from using Omni-directional Travel, Fixed Immortal Travel, and other similar methods.


 Fang Yuan had used a time path formation earlier to ambush Southern Border’s righteous path. Now, Heavenly Court did the same against Fang Yuan.


 But Heavenly Court put in much more effort than Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan could not create such a time path formation in the River of Time. With his current strength, he could only create a time path immortal formation near a tributary of the River of Time in the outside world.


 Even for time path great experts in history, few could create immortal formations inside the River of Time.


 The person who could achieve this to the limit was Red Lotus Demon Venerable. This person had already surpassed the realms of time path immortal formations, he could directly create artificial secluded domains of heaven and earth, stone lotus islands, to influence segments of the River of Time and take control of it.


 Heavenly Court had been looking for the stone lotus islands and had yet to find one, but they were not without gains. This time path immortal formation was one of their achievements.


 The formation restricted Fang Yuan, making him unable to evade or dodge.


 The old man got closer, Fang Yuan snorted, instead of retreating, he charged at the old man.


 The old man was slightly surprised, but he quickly reacted as he waved his hands, sending waves of flames towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had no fear, he rammed forward.


 The huge flames reversed and went back to attack the old man.


 It was the immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 The old man was a little flustered, he defended against his own killer move, but at this moment, Fang Yuan had already arrived in front of him.


 Fang Yuan was ruthless, he slammed his body into the old man.


 Reverse flow protection seal against verdant sun flame cloak!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan and the old man both flew backwards, they were nearly evenly matched in this contest.


 The old man had lost by a slight bit, but soon, his flame cloak burned again as he returned to his peak condition.


 Reverse flow protection seal was extremely effective against attacks. But verdant sun flame cloak was a defensive killer move, the reflected damage was quite little.


 “This is reverse flow protection seal? Heh, he found out so quickly.” The old man’s gaze flickered eerily.


 It turned out that this time path immortal formation created an isolated inner formation space, there was a core effect, it was that this environment weakened time path.


 Heavenly Court’s original intention was to use this formation to deal with the stone lotus islands of Red Lotus’ true inheritance. These islands were artificially created time path secluded domains of heaven and earth, once the formation encapsulates them, they would be weakened.


 Precisely so, Fang Yuan’s spring scissors and summer fan killer moves were so ineffective against verdant sun flame cloak.


 Verdant sun flame cloak was very powerful indeed, it was the peak creation of fire path, and even extended to contain the profundities of human path and food path.


 COMMENT


 In terms of intricacy, reverse flow protection seal was very roughly made and straightforward. In contrast, myriad self comprised both enslavement path and strength path, it was on par with verdant sun flame cloak in this aspect.


 Summer fan and spring scissors were ordinary, they only contained rank eight Immortal Gu and were amplified by time path dao marks to gain such great power. They could not break verdant sun flame cloak but could have caused great damage. Yet in this environment, they had a mild effect.


 Fang Yuan realized this and daringly dispelled winter coat, instead using reverse flow protection seal to regain his footing in the battle.



***
Chapter 1632 - You Lied!


***





 



 2


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Howl...


 At once, myriad dragons flew in a sea of silvery scales, attacking the old man like a tidal wave.


 After understanding the effect of the time path formation, Fang Yuan gave up on his strongest time path methods, he started to use other methods. In this aspect, Fang Yuan had many useful methods comparatively.


 The old man snorted, showing no surprise on his face.


 Before coming here, he had already made ample preparation, he knew about Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon killer move.


 “Slippery eels, what can they do to me?” The old man stood arrogantly in the sky, instead of dodging, he watched as the myriad dragons approached him.


 His verdant sun flame cloak was blazing, his entire body was covered, resembling a huge fireball.


 The myriad dragons appeared before the old man, but they started to screech weirdly, the sword dragons were all drowsy as they randomly flew around, their ferocious attacks had been stopped.


 When each sword dragon’s drunkenness got to a certain level, they would start to blaze up with a loud sound.


 The sword dragons turned into a pile of flames before rapidly vanishing.


 Looking at the field, the old man was unmoving while the myriad dragons burned to death. Even though there were countless dragons, the moment they got close to the old man, they died, they were of no threat to him.


 “Immortal killer move verdant sun flame cloak!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he finally saw the power of this move. It was both offensive and defensive, it was a counter to Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon killer move.


 “Then let’s try Luo Po seal.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 He had already used familiar face to disguise as a sword dragon, he blended into the army of dragons, getting closer to the old man.


 Next, he pretended to be drunk as he got closer and unleashed Luo Po seal.


 Fang Yuan got exposed when the killer move had just activated, Luo Po seal’s aura was too great, it could not be hidden.


 The old man’s gaze shot like lightning as he charged at Fang Yuan without fearing Luo Po seal.


 Boom boom boom!


 The old man attacked Fang Yuan in a frenzy but reverse flow protection seal kept him safe.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he endured the old man’s attacks until Luo Po seal was finally ready to strike.


 The old man was on guard now, the situation was not good for Fang Yuan. Eventually, he barely managed to use Luo Po seal, but it scraped past the old man’s shoulder, only half landing!


 The old man immediately felt a sense of emptiness in his heart, at the same time, the blazing cloak on his back weakened by forty percent!


 “This move is amazing, but it cannot break my verdant sun flame cloak!” The old man laughed loudly as he retreated, using methods to heal himself.


 His speed was faster than Fang Yuan, it was hard to land consecutive hits on him.


 The old man found time to catch a breather despite having the disadvantage, a moment later, his injuries healed mostly and his aura regained its peak state, the verdant sun flame cloak also started to blaze up again.


 Luo Po seal had terrifying might but the old man was very alert, he did not give Fang Yuan any more chances.


 His verdant sun flame cloak’s defenses were superb, Fang Yuan could sense that in battle, it was like how his enemies felt when facing reverse flow protection seal.


 “This old man’s soul is not his weakness.” Even though he only grazed past him, Fang Yuan obtained valuable intel.


 Luo Po seal was targeted at the enemy’s soul, but this old man was an experienced rank eight Gu Immortal with deep foundations, he did not have any evident weaknesses, his soul’s defense was quite tight.


 Fang Yuan estimated that even if Luo Po seal hit directly, it could not kill the old man in one move.


 Luo Po seal had to be paired with lead soul into dream to deal with Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But at the start of the battle, the old man destroyed Fang Yuan’s incomplete Immortal Gu House, causing Ying Wu Xie and the rest to slumber in the dream realm.


 If the incomplete Immortal Gu House was still around, Fang Yuan would have Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream to help him, he would have the advantage against this old man.


 But the old man had ambushed and destroyed the incomplete Immortal Gu House, not only were Fang Yuan’s losses severe, he lost his initiative and was kept on the back foot for a long time.


 This situation was naturally very dangerous for Fang Yuan, he had fallen into an ambush, he had to escape quickly.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


 Fang Yuan continued to activate myriad dragon as more sword dragons filled this formation space.


 The old man had the advantage but he did not relax his mind or become careless.


 He squinted a little as Fang Yuan hid among the sword dragons again. At this time, should he use an investigative method to find Fang Yuan or eliminate these sword dragons first?


 If he did not kill Fang Yuan, there would be an endless stream of sword dragons, but the old man had clear awareness, he thought: “I’m afraid my investigative method cannot expose familiar face, Fang Yuan is so crafty, he must have other plans!”


 The old man had the initiative now, he spoke arrogantly and wildly, but his mind was extremely calm and composed.


 He knew that when opponents of his and Fang Yuan’s level fight, with such rich battle experience on both sides, even though he had the initiative now and could hold the advantage, if he made a mistake, Fang Yuan would turn the situation around.


 The old man roared as flames started to burn around, spreading out like a sea of fire.


 The sword dragons melted in candles within the flame.


 The old man’s decision made Fang Yuan quite troubled.


 He hesitated for a while before persisting with his tactic, he controlled the myriad dragons to charge at the formation space.


 This formation was clearly controlled by Central Continent Gu Immortals. Seeing that the myriad dragons were attacking, they wanted to retaliate but the old man quickly transmitted to them: “Don’t move! Fang Yuan has very high time path and wisdom path attainment levels, the more the formation activates, the more flaws he will notice. I will handle these eels, don’t be anxious.”


 The old man did not want to give Fang Yuan any chances, the sea of fire killed the sword dragons at a rapid rate.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he suddenly appeared in front of the dream realm.


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


 He quickly gathered the dream realm and turned the lump of dream realm into a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 “Oh no, this demon is so scheming!” The old man’s expression changed, Fang Yuan used many feints and tactics, it was hard to see through his plans after all.


 Fang Yuan opened a sliver of his immortal aperture’s entrance, wanting to send the time path clone, Ying Wu Xie’s soul, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing inside.


 1


 But at this moment, the old man screamed angrily behind him: “Demon, forget about it!”


 Boom!


 A killer move was used, bursting out with immense strength and sound.


 Fang Yuan felt a chill, he did not need to turn around to know that this move was the old man’s strongest offensive method.


 “I won’t make it!” Fang Yuan did not have enough time to react, his heart sank to rock bottom.


 At the crucial moment, he went all out!


 His time path killer move was used as the time around suddenly became faster.


 He placed the immortals into the immortal aperture, and at the same time, he felt like a giant had landed a punch on his back, the huge force sent him flying like a cannonball, he lost fifteen percent of Reverse Flow River’s water! The impact made Fang Yuan’s head dizzy, he directly spat out a mouthful of blood.


 He was only able to save a portion of them, Fairy Miao Yin could not be reached. She was still unconscious earlier, after being engulfed in the huge flames, she was burned to ashes, not a bit of her body remained.


 Fang Yuan shouted loudly as he used myriad dragon, charging around the place, while he started to act and destroy the formation.


 The old man was a bit nervous now, he started to attack Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan had reverse flow protection seal to defend him, he ignored the old man and only targeted the formation.


 “Fang Yuan, don’t think of getting out, that is merely a delusion!” The old man roared as his flames engulfed Fang Yuan.


 “Hahaha, you are simply struggling at death’s door.” The old man got behind Fang Yuan and slammed them on his back like two huge tablets, Fang Yuan was sent flying.


 Fang Yuan was bleeding from all seven orifices, it was quite a pathetic sight, yet his eyes were still cold as ice, he continued to attack the time path formation.


 “It is useless! How can you break such an amazing formation? Look at your Reverse Flow River, it is about to be fully expended.” The old man mocked, he attacked with greater intensity, killing intent surged as he behaved in a frenzied manner.


 Even though Reverse Flow River could reflect attacks, the old man also had his verdant sun flame cloak. He endured the reflected attacks as he continued to expend the Reverse Flow River water.


 He was not wrong, Fang Yuan’s Reverse Flow River had gone through many battles, a lot of it was used up already. As he continued to attack, the river water level fell, Fang Yuan’s robe also started to become thin and flimsy.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan roared as he stopped attacking, preparing Luo Po seal again.


 The old man’s pupils shrunk, his attacks changed, he started to prepare his defenses against Luo Po seal.


 Fang Yuan completed the preparation as he flicked his palm, instead of attacking the old man, he shot it towards a corner of the formation.


 “Guh!” With a shocked voice, a rank seven Gu Immortal controlling the formation was hit by Luo Po seal, he died on the spot.


 “How?!” The other Central Continent Gu Immortals were also shocked and lost for words.


 Fang Yuan was able to find a formation core in such a short time and kill the person inside.


 Luo Po seal was very powerful even against rank eight Gu Immortals, not to mention these rank sevens.


 “Quick, that formation core has been destroyed, quickly move and fix the hole!” A Gu Immortal shouted.


 On the other end, the old man grunted as he attacked Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan used the extremely depleted reverse flow protection seal to defend himself while attacking the formation himself.


 With many of his methods used, Heavenly Court’s meticulously created time path immortal formation collapsed area by area, it could not hold up against Fang Yuan’s unraveling.


 “How can this be?!” Fang Yuan’s speed of deduction was extremely shocking to everyone.


 “Quick, over there!” Someone shouted.


 A loophole formed in the formation, connecting with the outside world.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Bye.”


 “You cannot leave!” Flames swept over, turning into the old man. He hid the loophole behind himself desperately.


 The other Central Continent Gu Immortals also let out a sigh of relief.


 But Fang Yuan shot out like an arrow towards the old man, saying coldly with deep killing intent: “Get lost.”


 The old man snickered: “It is useless, you cannot deal with my verdant sun flame cloak!”


 The distance between them shrunk!


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals quickly changed their formation, someone shouted: “Block Fang Yuan, we only need five breaths of time to change the formation! This is a complete change, it would be ten times as difficult as before to deduce it afterwards!”


 The old man scoffed: “Not just five breaths, even if... hmm?”


 His eyes suddenly widened, his face turned stiff, he looked at Fang Yuan’s killer move preparation with deep disbelief.


 Fang Yuan’s aura was completely concealed, not a bit leaked out.


 He clapped both hands together in front of his chest. Next, his right hand which was in contact with his left hand moved, it was like he was trying to pull out something precious, as his right palm slowly clenched into a fist.


 Afterwards, his left hand was still at the original position, but his tightly clenched right fist was lifted, above his chest and shoulder, above his head, until it was fixed right above his head.


 “This, this move is...” The old man no longer smiled, there was nervousness in his eyes and even some fear.


 Indeed, this was the immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


 Time passed, at the first breath.


 First finger!


 Fang Yuan had a cold expression as he raised the thumb of his right hand.


 From the right fist that he held high in the air, a sword light shot out.


 Fast! Fast! Fast!


 The speed of the sword light was beyond belief!


 The moment it was shot out, it pierced the old man’s forehead.


 The old man shuddered, the flames on the verdant sun flame cloak on his body weakened by half.


 Second breath.


 Second finger!


 The old man reacted, he roared as the verdant sun flame cloak started blazing again.


 But the sword light landed again, weakening the verdant sun flame cloak.


 Third breath.


 Third finger.


 The old man’s expression turned pale, he wanted to grit his teeth, the verdant sun flame cloak on his back had expanded like a fireball, earlier it was the size of a horse carriage, but now it was the size of a house.


 The old man roared: “This is the peak condition of my verdant sun flame cloak! Come, your attacks cannot break through.”


 The moment he said that, the sword light landed as the verdant sun flame cloak burst like a balloon, it returned to its former condition.


 Five finger fist heart sword got stronger as it progressed.


 Fourth breath, fourth finger!


 The old man desperately blocked the fourth sword, his expression was pale, he took a huge step back, verdant sun flame cloak was like a flickering candle, it was extremely thin now.


 Fifth breath.


 Fang Yuan snickered: “What cloak, it is laughable. Li Huang, you can start preparing your funeral. It is over, the fifth sword!”


 The old man’s heart jumped, his eyes were filled with terror: “No, Bo Qing, don’t even dream of killing me!”


 The flame blazed, he turned into dozens of figures as he flew in all directions.


 Fang Yuan ignored him, he flew outside the loophole, escaping into the River of Time.


 He had just flown out when the time path formation changed completely, the earlier loopholes were fixed, it had become whole again, securely locking the formation space inside.


 But Fang Yuan had already escaped, the time path formation was completely silent inside.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals controlling the formation were all dumbfounded.


 The flame clones dissipated slowly, until only the old man’s main body remained.


 At this moment, his face was flushing red and white; anger, fear, humiliation, hatred, and killing intent, they filled his heart entirely, turning his expression distorted and filled with terrifying hatred.


 Suddenly, the old man raised his head and roared.


 “There, there was no fifth sword!”


 1


 “Fang Yuan!!”


 “You lied!!!”


 1



***
Chapter 1633 - Cutting Edge Slays Enemies


***





 



 1


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After a tough battle of brains and brawn, Fang Yuan finally got out of Heavenly Court’s ambush and escaped into the River of Time.


 Once he left the formation, Fang Yuan felt the difficulty of using reverse flow protection seal raise by several times, he quickly stopped it and changed to the time path killer move winter coat.


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan turned into an immemorial year beast.


 Because he had transformed in the River of Time, transformation path was also greatly suppressed. Even though he managed to use the move, his immortal essence expenditure was tens of times as much as usual!


 Thankfully, familiar face’s core was attitude Gu, it only expended mental energy. Thus, on the whole, familiar face used very little immortal essence, Fang Yuan could sustain it.


 Plop.


 Fang Yuan turned into an immemorial year snake as he went into the River of Time, slithering away.


 “We are finally out of the encirclement, escaping the time path formation.” Fang Yuan felt a little glad.


 The earlier situation was quite dangerous. The longer it dragged on, the more tight Heavenly Court’s defenses would be, and the lower chances Fang Yuan would have of survival.


 This time, there were two reasons why he could escape.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan had made the time path clone use the light of wisdom to break the formation. Because of the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path abilities far exceeded Heavenly Court’s imagination, he could catch them off guard.


 Secondly, he used five finger fist heart sword. Fang Yuan had rank eight cultivation level, with his own white litchi immortal essence, he could use wisdom sword Immortal Gu. This Immortal Gu was one of the core of five finger fist heart sword to begin with, thus, Fang Yuan could use the fourth sword of five finger fist heart sword. This was his current limit, to use the fifth sword, he would need other core sword path Immortal Gu.


 “I expended a lot of rank eight immortal essence.” Fang Yuan inspected his immortal aperture, his immortal essence storage had fallen to a dangerous level.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had a fast time flow and could accumulate white litchi immortal essence rapidly, he had gone through fierce battles consecutively, especially earlier against the old man Li Huang, he had expended a lot when breaking out of the time path formation.


 “I should escape first!” In this situation, Fang Yuan only had one thought.


 This was the wisest decision, a frontal face-off was the most stupid idea.


 “Fang Yuan, where are you going!” An angry growl could be heard behind him.


 Fang Yuan turned around and his heart jumped.


 Three Immortal Gu Houses were chasing after him with threatening auras.


 The left one was Eternal Yacht, it was tall and rode with the wind. On the deck, rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye, the rank seven Gu Immortals Four Xunzi and others were standing with a righteous aura.


 The middle one was Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, it was elegant and grand, the orange roof resembled cranes with their wings spread out. The Immortal Gu House was radiating three layers of autumn light, it was quite extraordinary.


 The right one was Shark Flow Lever, the huge lever was white like jade, a rank eight Gu Immortal was standing on it, he wore a suit of blue star armor and had a rough appearance. There were seven huge sharks in front of the lever, they had sharp teeth and were dragging the huge lever ahead.


 “Three rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, at least three rank eight Gu Immortals, with many rank seven Gu Immortals...” Fang Yuan’s heart continued to sink, at this moment, he could see Heavenly Court’s huge determination to get rid of him!


 Even though Fang Yuan became an immemorial year snake, his speed was not fast. With the destruction of the incomplete Immortal Gu House, he could not conceal himself.


 Both sides continued to shrink in distance, the three Immortal Gu Houses attacked from afar.


 Fang Yuan used autumn perception killer move as eyes seemed to grow on his back, he managed to evade agilely.


 If he could not dodge, he would use winter coat to endure the attacks forcefully.


 Winter coat was amplified in the River of Time, together with Fang Yuan’s time path dao marks, it displayed incredible defensive power, even though it was not as amazing as reverse flow protection seal, it was on par with it here.


 “This cannot go on!” The situation was getting worse, Fang Yuan tried to find a solution.


 Luo Po seal took a long time to activate, in the River of Time, the duration would be even longer, and the overall strength would be weaker. Heavenly Court would be fully on guard against him, he could not rely on Luo Po seal to turn the situation around.


 Myriad self, myriad dragon, strength path giant hand, emperor yama, and others, they were the same.


 Fang Yuan could only rely on summer fan, spring scissors, and other time path methods.


 But the three Immortal Gu Houses after Fang Yuan were strong as fortresses, spring scissors and summer fan were unable to do anything to them.


 As they continued to fight, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence storage fell continuously, the situation was getting worse.


 Heavenly Court chased after Fang Yuan with rising morale, their expressions were very optimistic.


 Suddenly, at the river ahead, a change occurred, huge fountains were starting to burst out.


 “Oh no, this is the sudden spring river segment!”


 “This demon excels in luck path, he has incredible luck, he is very hard to kill. As expected, something occurred here!”


 “Follow him, don’t let him escape.”


 Heavenly Court’s side shouted, showing nervous expressions on their faces.


 Fang Yuan dived into the sudden spring river segment.


 The sudden springs were very dangerous, they carried the might of time path. If the scale was large enough, they would definitely be able to take the lives of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 In most situations, Fang Yuan would avoid them, but now, this sudden spring river segment was his hope of escaping.


 The immemorial year snake slithered in the river, sudden springs erupted around Fang Yuan time and time again, but they were not much of an obstacle for him.


 Fang Yuan had luck inspection Immortal Gu, while the sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, he could evidently sense that his luck was falling rapidly.


 Luck path usually could not be sensed, but at this moment, it displayed its incredible power.


 Heavenly Court’s three Immortal Gu Houses had a hard time chasing him.


 The moment they entered the sudden spring river segment, Eternal Yacht and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform were hit by sudden springs immediately, pushed up forcefully.


 They spent a lot of effort to dive down, even Shark Flow Lever was hit.


 Fang Yuan often encountered rank six or seven level small to mid sized sudden springs, while Heavenly Court faced rank eight level big sudden springs.


 Even though Fang Yuan met many obstacles and was often obstructed by the sudden springs, Heavenly Court’s group was more like a bunch of sick people climbing a mountain. Their encounters were clearly contrasted, Heavenly Court’s members had dark expressions, they felt deeply vexed, wanting to spit blood in anger.


 “It seems that Feng Jiu Ge is not part of the group.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 In the battle of Lang Ya, Fang Yuan saw how strong Feng Jiu Ge’s luck was, he could not suppress the latter.


 If he was here, Heavenly Court would not face such troubles now.


 Without much danger, Fang Yuan managed to get out of the sudden spring river segment.


 Behind him, Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform were already far behind, only Eternal Yacht could barely catch up with him, it had left the sudden spring river segment as well.


 Without obstacles now, Eternal Yacht’s speed rose, it reduced the distance between Fang Yuan and itself.


 “I cannot escape like this!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with lightning, he made up his mind and stopped to face the enemy.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was not escaping, Eternal Yacht’s Gu Immortals were overjoyed, but soon, they exposed wary expressions full of alertness.


 Xun Guo Zi shouted: “Everyone, be careful, the demon is fighting instead of running, he must have some vicious plans!”


 She had just spoken when Fang Yuan’s killer move activated.


 Immortal killer move — Time Cutting Edge!


 This move was still rank seven level, but Fang Yuan’s time path dao marks amplified it to a hundred times of its power, at the same time, it was inside the River of Time, its power rose to nearly rank eight.


 At once, the leader, rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye, sensed a fatal threat, his hair was standing on ends, his heart shrunk as he quickly dodged.


 But time cutting edge was too fast, even faster than five finger fist heart sword, the moment Fang Yuan used it, it had already reached Qing Ye.


 Eternal Yacht had its defenses of course, but time cutting edge was thin as paper, it easily penetrated it!


 “Isn’t this move lost in history? How can he use it! Am I going to die here?!” Instantly, Qing Ye was filled with shock as he fell into deep despair.


 “Let me!” At the dangerous moment, Xun Guo Zi jumped out, standing in front of Qing Ye.


 Crack!


 Xun Guo Zi’s body shook intensely, she was hit by time cutting edge, her eyes stared widely as she fell down on the deck.


 “Huff huff!” Qing Ye breathed roughly, he was covered in sweat, having barely kept his life.


 “Xun Guo Zi...” Qing Ye’s expression was pale as he showed a deeply moved expression.


 The other three Xunzi looked at each other with calm expressions.


 They thought: Xun Guo Zi blocked the blade for Qing Ye and died for him, it was definitely worth it to gain the favor of this rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “Lord Qing Ye, don’t worry about it. We have a unique method to revive our sister.” Shang Xunzi smiled and expressed his sincerity.


 But Qing Ye shook his head, showing a grim expression: “I can somewhat understand the profundities behind your method. I am afraid it will not work this time.”


 The three Xunzi were shocked, they asked: “Lord, what do you mean? Please explain it to us.”


 “This is Bo clan’s killer move, it had once threatened the whole of Central Continent, it is called time cutting edge.” Qing Ye said with a complex expression, unable to conceal his fear.


 1


 “What?”


 “”There is such a move!”


 The three Xunzi’s expressions changed, they all started to tremble as they became fearful and panicky, no longer as calm as before.


 “No, impossible, isn’t this move gone already?” Shang Xunzi shook his head, refusing to believe Qing Ye.


 “But the truth is so, stop chasing him.” Qing Ye breathed in deeply with a pale expression.


 “Lord!” The remaining rank seven Gu Immortals shouted, Fang Yuan was right in front of them, it was a great chance to kill this demon, they would gain an incredible amount of contribution credits! If they let him go, they would definitely be reprimanded and punished.


 But Qing Ye made up his mind.


 “Among the three Immortal Gu Houses, Eternal Yacht is the fastest but has the weakest defense. You’ve all seen how time cutting edge could not be blocked!”


 “If we pursue him, as long as Fang Yuan kills us one by one, he will gain this Eternal Yacht instead. Plus, even though I have a phantom aperture, you all have a lifetime of accumulation, we cannot give them all to this demon.”


 If at this moment, other than Eternal Yacht, the other Immortal Gu Houses were around, Qing Ye might pursue him.


 But right now, if they chased after him, there would not be any chance of victory.



***
Chapter 1634 - Attack and Defend


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Huff...” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air and suddenly opened his eyes.


 This was an underground cave, there were dim flames lighting the walls, creating a natural formation. Even though it was not strong, it could alert him.


 Fang Yuan was ambushed by Heavenly Court in the River of Time, he had fought desperately for a way out after an intense struggle.


 After getting away from Qing Ye and the rest, Fang Yuan followed the tributary of the River of Time and got to the outside world of Southern Border.


 Southern Border was the headquarters of Shadow Sect, Purple Mountain True Monarch had set up many eerie fire caves at many locations. Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to randomly go into one and rest, recovering from the fight.


 Even though he had reverse flow protection seal, he was not using it the entire time, he had to rely on winter coat. Let alone the battle with Li Huang, just during his escape, Fang Yuan was hit by the three Immortal Gu Houses multiple times, his injuries were not light.


 Fang Yuan inspected his sovereign immortal body before standing up slowly.


 After a few days of recovery, he had already healed. Most importantly, because the sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, his healing effects were very effective.


 His rank eight white litchi immortal essence had also increased, but it was still in the red zone.


 Fang Yuan paced around in the cave with his arms behind his back. While considering the situation, his frown got deeper.


 This time, he had suffered greatly in the River of Time. It was no exaggeration to say that he had ‘barely survived’.


 Fang Yuan did not feel much fear or joy, such a case was within his expectations.


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was simply too deep!


 Fang Yuan’s growth was simply nothing compared to the long history of Heavenly Court.


 With such immense foundation, they only had to put in some effort to give Fang Yuan huge problems. The battle in the River of Time was a good affirmation to this.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had an advantage against Heavenly Court, it was because he sneak attacked and caught them unprepared. Because he was able to stay hidden, Heavenly Court could not do anything. Fang Yuan had always been exerting all his effort and using all his time to grow stronger and make Heavenly Court’s plans fail each time.


 But as Heavenly Court learned more about Fang Yuan, they placed more emphasis on him, when it finally came to a frontal assault, Fang Yuan’s strength was just too little.


 Heavenly Court was not just strong in foundation, the biggest advantage was their unified mindset.


 Southern Border’s righteous path also had immense strength, but all of the clans were focused on their individual benefits, they could not effectively deal with Fang Yuan.


 But Heavenly Court had always been pressuring Fang Yuan.


 If not for his schemes and plots, any other demonic path Gu Immortal would have been captured or killed already.


 As time passes, Heavenly Court’s arrangements in the River of Time would get more elaborate, the chances of getting Red Lotus’ true inheritance would become slimmer.


 Against such a strong enemy, what could Fang Yuan do?


 “I have expended almost all of my white litchi immortal essence.”


 “Reverse Flow River also has barely any water, Li Huang expended too much of it, I can’t use it anymore.”


 Unlike Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley which had rank nine killer move orderly well and could be repaired using Landscape as Before rapidly, Reverse Flow River was very different.


 Fang Yuan did not lack the methods to restore it, but any method would incur huge costs!


 For the foreseeable future, Fang Yuan would not be able to use his reverse flow protection seal anymore.


 1


 Even without reverse flow protection seal, Fang Yuan had gotten to rank eight and obtained Xia Cha’s methods, on the whole, his strength had still risen by quite a lot.


 “But this time, I exposed too many methods.”


 Immemorial year beasts, spring scissors, summer fan, and other killer moves were exposed, they were part of Fang Yuan’s plan. But the reveal of time cutting edge was truly a shame.


 There was no choice, in that battle, if Fang Yuan did not use this method, he might have died already.


 “But I am not without gains.”


 Fang Yuan also managed to probe Heavenly Court’s foundation.


 They had a mysterious method to cause the resonance of Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Fang Yuan had not expected this.


 But now, thinking about it, Fang Yuan could understand that the time path formation in ambush was not targeted at him, but Red Lotus’ true inheritance instead.


 And Spring Autumn Cicada was the key to opening Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 How could Heavenly Court not research Red Lotus’ true inheritance using Spring Autumn Cicada as the starting point? Even though they could not refine Spring Autumn Cicada, they could mimic it to a great extent.


 “Li Huang, Qing Ye...” New rank eight Gu Immortals showed up.


 Heavenly Court ruled Central Continent and could take in rank eight Gu Immortals from the ten great ancient sects as new members. From time to time, a few experienced experts would wake up from the immortal graveyard.


 Having been created since the Remote Antiquity Era, all the way until now, nobody knew how deep Heavenly Court’s foundation truly was.


 Precisely with such foundations, during the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Heavenly Court ruled Central Continent and fought against four other regions, for a long time, they held the advantage and even many super clans were destroyed.


 Perhaps because of this, even though Spectral Soul managed to defy heaven, he did not dare to attack Heavenly Court directly, he continued to lurk and infiltrate it slowly.


 “And those three Immortal Gu Houses... no, the one I destroyed earlier did not lose many Immortal Gu, even if they were destroyed, Heavenly Court could still refine it. I am afraid that next time, I will have to face four or more Immortal Gu Houses!”


 Rank eight time path Gu Immortals were not easily found, even for Heavenly Court.


 But time path Immortal Gu Houses could be assembled using parts of other Immortal Gu Houses, or using Immortal Gu that various Gu Immortals had in their possession or inventory.


 After assembling these time path Immortal Gu Houses, Heavenly Court could place a large number of Gu Immortals from different paths inside, allowing them to seal off the entire River of Time.


 Any plan of luring the enemy away would not work.


 Heavenly Court was the number one grotto-heaven in the five regions, there was no concerns over its safety. Even if Fang Yuan attacked Heavenly Court directly, not only would he be unable to find the entrance, even if he got in, he would incur Heavenly Court’s wrath, a few rank eight great experts from the immortal graveyard could wake up and take his life.


 And if Fang Yuan attacked the ten great ancient sects, he would not be able to topple Heavenly Court’s rule either, and it was extremely risky to do so. After all, they had the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold as ice, he knew clearly that to find Red Lotus’ true inheritance, he would need to face off against Heavenly Court!


 The more defenses Heavenly Court placed in the River of Time, the more important Red Lotus’ true inheritance was, and the greater Fang Yuan’s hope to destroy fate Gu rested in it.


 “I need to be fast!”


 Heavenly Court had all sorts of methods, they might find Red Lotus’ true inheritance before him. Thus, he needed to get past their layers of defense into the stone lotus island before Heavenly Court succeeds, and obtain the most crucial things left by Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 As for what they were, Fang Yuan had no idea, even Heavenly Court might not know.


 Guarding the River of Time was an open scheme by Heavenly Court, because they had the tactical advantage, they were not afraid that Fang Yuan would not come.


 Fate Gu was about to recover, Fang Yuan needed to get past Heavenly Court and obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance to have a chance of destroying Fate. Even if he had to take huge risks, even if he had to risk his life, even though there was an ambush, he had to go!


 “There are no special tactics or shortcuts, I need to raise my strength and continue to grow, surpassing Heavenly Court’s defenses to break through these obstacles and obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”


 Once Fang Yuan achieves this goal, he would have the qualification and ability to continue challenging Heavenly Court.



***
Chapter 1635 - Logistics


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Western Desert.


 All the surroundings were covered in a snow-white color. Fang Yuan’s time path clone traveled here as he grabbed a handful of sand, looking at it.


 The sand particles were all clear as crystal or ice, having a feeling of coldness in them.


 Right now, the skies were bright and sunny, Mini Western Desert was quite a warm place, but this desert was very cool and refreshing.


 Fang Yuan’s clone put a bit of snow-white sand into his mouth, after his saliva came into contact, it melted and gave off a salty taste.


 This was salt sand.


 In human history, salt sand had a very long story.


 A million years ago, during the Olden Antiquity Era, even though humans created Heavenly Court, the other four regions were still filled with strong variant human forces, they enslaved and suppressed humanity.


 In Western Desert, there was a human city, it was ostracized and suppressed by the variant humans.


 The variant humans joined up and pretended to be bandits, robbing all of the caravans that tried to head to the human city. As time passed, the human city lacked essential resources and was slowly unable to survive.


 The human city lord feared for the safety of his people, he had to seek help from a variant human group, marrying his beloved daughter to them in exchange for peace.


 The city lord’s daughter knew what was more important, for the sake of the humans in the city, she sacrificed herself.


 The group soon set off from the city, escorted by the human city lord himself.


 While traveling in the desert, they met an old man who had fainted.


 The old man was heavily injured and was on the verge of death, his entire body was covered in abscesses, the smell was repulsive. The city lord saw that he was a human, he quickly saved him and gave the old man some clean water.


 The old man woke up slowly, he said to the city lord: “Oh city lord, since you saved me, why don’t you provide me some more help, give me your robe and steed so that I can leave on my own.”


 The city lord’s subordinates started to laugh, the clothes were so precious, how could they give them to such a lowly beggar?


 But the city lord waved his hand: “The value of a robe cannot match a person’s life. I have other clothes with me, you can have this. But my steed can only be ridden by a strong Gu Master, if I give it to you, I will be causing you harm.”


 Saying so, the city lord gave his robe as well as a large amount of water and food to the old man.


 Next, the city lord ordered his men to bring over a mild tempered camel to the old man.


 The old man sighed deeply: “City lord, I have long heard of your kind reputation, it is truly not a lie. Since you want to do a good deed, why don’t you help me fully. The abscesses on my back have been troubling me for years, only a virgin girl who is born in the yin year, yin month and yin day1 can heal me by using her mouth to burst them.”


 Just as the old man said that, the city lord’s subordinates started to rebuke in anger, they wanted to kill this old man.


 The city lord was a little angry, because everyone knew that his daughter was a virgin girl born in the yin year, yin month and yin day.


 The city lord said: “Old man, stop making fun of me. Even though I am a city lord, I am also a pitiful father. I love my daughter, but I have no choice but to send her to the vicious feathermen, and let her become their slave concubine.”


 “Father, if my sacrifice can save the entire city, I will accept that fate.” At this time, the city lord’s daughter arrived. The clamor had drawn her attention, she understood the situation from the description of others.


 She walked towards the old man as she nodded: “Old sir, let me see your abscesses.”


 “You are willing to heal my injury?” The old man asked.


 “Yes. Even though I am the city lord’s daughter and everyone says I am of noble blood, how noble can I truly be?” The city lord’s daughter smiled bitterly: “Only when the entire human race is noble can our statuses truly rise, I have no hope left, I am going to be a slave concubine of the variant humans. In that case, why shouldn’t I save you? We humans are too weak now, the recovery of one person is better than nothing.”


 The city lord and the others heard her words and felt very moved, they did not stop her.


 The abscesses on the old man’s back were ugly and disgusting, they were filled with pus and had an overbearing smell, people would want to puke upon seeing them.


 The city lord’s daughter was slightly dazed, but she held in her disgust and used her teeth to burst the abscesses on the old man’s back.


 Once they burst, a white-silver liquid flowed out.


 The liquid landed on the desert and emitted a thick fragrant smell, making the caravan group feel refreshed mentally.


 The old man’s body vanished, only his voice was left, he said: “Oh city lord, you are a person worthy of my help. Humans cannot just rely on Gu Immortals, you Gu Masters are the hope of the future. I will entrust this desert to you, make good use of it.”


 The city lord and the rest realized at this moment, the old man was a human Gu Immortal, they quickly knelt on the ground.


 And this desert was changed by the white-silver liquid, becoming the snow-white salt sand. After obtaining this huge desert, the city lord sold the salt sand as edible salt, he did not lack revenue and managed to revive his city, becoming stronger in time.


 Currently, salt sand was no longer a unique product of Western Desert, it was available in all five regions.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had salt sand too, he had obtained it from annexing a Southern Border Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture.


 After inspecting it, Fang Yuan’s clone gained a deeper understanding of the desert, he returned in satisfaction.


 “Right now in treasure yellow heaven, Heavenly Court has started to sell silver dragonfish. They must have gotten the method to produce it from Spectral Soul, in time, golden dragonfish will also appear in the market.”


 Fang Yuan’s dragonfish business was feeling a huge impact.


 In the short term, because he had obtained immense market share, his dragonfish still provided huge profits. But he definitely would gradually lose his profits to Heavenly Court.


 But it was not a problem, after annexing the Southern Border immortals, the sovereign immortal aperture had gained over ten blessed lands, and even a grotto-heaven.


 Forget about salt sand, it was an ordinary Gu material. But he gained a lot of immortal material resources, there were at least five to six resource points that could match the dragonfish business, Xia Cha grotto-heaven’s year essence pool was one of them.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was still earning a lot of profits, his immortal essence stones were accumulating at a faster pace than before.


 Due to his development in the past, he did not lack any food production for the feeding of his Immortal Gu. Even though he obtained some Immortal Gu as loot from battle, he also obtained the respective Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures, he completely moved their resource points over to himself.


 “The feeding of Immortal Gu still has some flaws, but that is not an issue.” The time path clone looked at the salt sand desert one last time before using Fixed Immortal Travel.


 1


 This salt sand desert was the second last resource point that he visited.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s clone went to City Well.


 Inside City Well, there was already a sizable group of hairy men.


 These hairy men were obtained from the immortal apertures of the Southern Border Gu Immortals, almost all of them had a certain number of hairy men raised to refine mortal Gu.


 Hairy man slaves were the most popular ones in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan gathered the hairy men in all these immortal apertures and placed them into City Well to live.


 Currently, raising hairy men was most helpful to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan gave some dream path Gu recipes as well as cultivation methods to these hairy men. Their task was to enter their own dream realms and gather dream path materials to refine dream path mortal Gu for Fang Yuan’s use.


 Fang Yuan’s unravel dream killer move expended a lot of dream path mortal Gu.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan was exploring dream realms and used up all of his accumulated dream path mortal Gu. If not for these hairy men refining dream path mortal Gu to replenish his supply, Fang Yuan might not have been able to explore all of his dream realms.


 Fang Yuan’s clone came to City Well as the sky turned dark, even though there was no sun or moon, it seemed to be evening currently.


 After Fang Yuan became rank eight, the blessed land became a grotto-heaven, it had astronomical changes now. Because the sovereign immortal aperture had a lot of time path resources, the changes was very precise, almost like the five regions.


 Fang Yuan’s clone was about to find out the situation of the hairy men when his body froze, a bright light flashed across his eyes: “The main body has already found the location of the Five Xiang’s seal!”


 Fang Yuan rested in his eerie fire cave for a while before leaving and going to white heaven.


 His immortal aperture was well operated, the logistics were clear and orderly, he did not need to waste time in recuperating, his immortal essence storage rose continuously.


 He did not want to waste time, he headed to white heaven immediately. Right now, the Five Xiang’s seal was opening, the ancient bet was undergoing again!



***
Chapter 1636 - Demon King!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immemorial white heaven.


 A tall gatehouse suddenly emerged in the sky that was originally empty.


 The gatehouse had a tall roof and two statues at the side of the gate. There was a huge plaque above the gate, writing the words ‘Five Xiang’s Bet Entrance’.


 The entire gatehouse seemed to be made of bronze, it radiated a majestic aura. Initially, it was only a phantom image, but as time passed, it became solid and clearer.


 Qi clan had six Gu Immortals in total, they were all standing outside the gatehouse now, waiting for it to materialize entirely.


 1


 The leader was an old Gu Immortal, he had a thin body but strong spirits, his eyes radiated with brilliance, he stood up straight like a spear. He was Qi clan’s first supreme elder Qi Fa.


 On his left was Qi clan’s second supreme elder Qi Cai, he stroked his beard as he said: “I have experienced many openings of the seal, but this time, I feel very impatient, I almost cannot wait!”


 Third supreme elder Qi Jin laughed: “This bet has been going on for thousands of years, we are finally going to end it today. As descendants of Qi clan, we can proudly face our ancestors, we are the eventual victors of this bet!”


 As they spoke, the gatehouse formed fully, a huge area of clouds gathered to hold up this gatehouse.


 The door started to shine in five colors, representing the strength of the Five Xiangs.


 First, red light shined down, causing the clouds to turn bright red.


 This was Xue Xiang’s Xue clan, because they cultivated blood path, they had been wiped out. Thus, after the red light shined around the place, it faded away.


 Next was yellow light.


 It was Chi Xiang’s Chi clan, even though they had descendants, because they lived in the immortal apertures of their ancestors and did not work hard, they were living like livestock, not a single Gu Immortal emerged from among them.


 Next, a brown light appeared.


 Ni Xiang’s Ni clan had Gu Immortals in the past, even though the numbers were small, they were all elites. Especially Ni Er, someone deduced that his refinement path attainment level was at the point of quasi-supreme grandmaster! He was the one who fused Immortal Gu into the bloodline of Ni clan members, he wanted to assist his descendants but right now, Ni clan’s villages were controlled by Qi clan, they could not win.


 1


 After the brown light came white light.


 “Our turn.” Qi Cai became very alert, he could not wait anymore.


 “Let’s go.” Qi Fa said with a firm tone, he led the four Gu Immortals behind him as they went to the gatehouse, bathing in the white light.


 The white light flickered for a moment as it got stronger, sweeping around the five Qi clan Gu Immortals’ bodies as it returned to its original intensity, continuing to shine.


 1


 But Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all here already.


 Without any additional descendant of Qi Xiang, the white light faded away.


 There was a white light spiraling above the heads of the five Qi clan Gu Immortals, they had passed the test of the Five Xiang’s seal, they were qualified to enter for the bet.


 “Bai clan is the last one.” Qi Jin spoke, unable to conceal his nervousness.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all above the clouds, they had not entered the door yet, they were alert and looked around.


 They knew of the existence of Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had inherited Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, she even learned the immortal killer move Bai Xiang, displaying great power in a few battles.


 Heavenly Court had exposed intel on Fang Yuan, that involved the Shadow Sect members as well. Even though Bai Ning Bing was not part of Shadow Sect, her information was also exposed.


 Even though Qi clan was secluded and did not mix with the circles of Gu Immortals, they still had their collection of information regarding the outside world.


 Blue light shined for a while but nobody showed up, it was about to weaken and fade away.


 Qi Cai let out a breath of air: “Good, Bai Ning Bing did not show up. Our Qi Cai will definitely win.... hmm!”


 He had just spoken when two figures approached at a rapid speed, in the blink of an eye, they arrived in front of the gatehouse.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals looked over and saw a boy and a girl.


 The girl had silvery hair that flowed down to her waist. Her pale blue dragon eyes emitting a cold aura to the outside world. Her skin was white as snow, her expression was cold, her beauty was simply divine. And the most eye-catching thing was the pair of small coral-like dragon horns on her forehead.


 Seeing this female immortal, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals all thought of a name — Bai Ning Bing.


 “Bai Ning Bing came after all, damn it!”


 “Who is that beside her?”


 Qi Jin first noticed Bai Ning Bing before turning his gaze towards the other Gu Immortal.


 This Gu Immortal was a young man with similarly long hair that was black and smooth, he had a sharp and tall nose, his face was extremely exquisite, his eyes were deep like the abyss, resembling the darkness that existed since the beginning of time, able to devour anything in its way.


 Seeing this young looking Gu Immortal, Qi Jin shook like he had been hit by lightning, his heart turned cold, he gulped as he said in a hoarse voice with great difficulty: “Fang, Fang Yuan...”


 He was already the most composed one, the Qi clan Gu Immortals around him were shaking, their legs were trembling as they had sweat pouring down their foreheads.


 Bai Ning Bing was Fang Yuan’s henchman, the five regions’ Gu Immortals knew that.


 If Bai Ning Bing appeared and participated in the Five Xiang’s bet, Fang Yuan was likely to come too.


 Qi clan had known this and were mentally prepared for it before coming here.


 However!


 When Fang Yuan truly appeared in front of them, they found that their mental preparations were all in vain. Fear, panic, chaos, all sorts of emotions filled their hearts, they felt like they had fallen into an icy river.


 This was Fang Yuan!


 He had been reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Refining an Immortal Gu on Three Kings Mountain as a mortal, snatching Hu Immortal blessed land from the Central Continent ten great ancient sects.


 He went to Northern Plains and destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, nobody knew how great his gains were.


 He inherited a true inheritance of Thieving Heaven and cooperated with Lang Ya blessed land and the other variant humans, becoming a traitor of humans.


 He disguised as Wu Yi Hai and deceived Wu Yong like a fool.


 During the dream realm battle, he toyed with the entire righteous path of Southern Border and became the leader of Shadow Sect.


 Southern Border’s righteous path chased after him and Heavenly Court hunted him, but he remained free and got stronger and stronger.


 At the regional wall, he fought against the rank eight Gu Immortal Thunder Ghost True Monarch as a rank seven and pummeled her, leading to a fall in Heavenly Court’s reputation.


 When Lang Ya blessed land was invaded by Heavenly Court, he stole Fixed Immortal Travel and left freely!


 Several months ago, he ambushed Southern Border’s righteous path and kidnapped many Southern Border Gu Immortals, extorting all the super forces.


 Not long ago, Heavenly Court had distributed the intel in treasure yellow heaven, the battle in the River of Time had been exposed. The entire world of the five regions was shocked! Fang Yuan had become a rank eight Gu Immortal silently, obtaining killer moves like spring scissors, summer fan, and five finger fist heart sword, most amazingly, he even had the long lost method, time cutting edge.


 Seeing that his intel was exposed, Fang Yuan returned the favor and exposed all of Heavenly Court’s methods as well.


 The Gu Immortal world was in a huge commotion!


 Heavenly Court’s foundation and methods were shocking.


 But the scarier thing was, Fang Yuan managed to escape regardless.


 Heavenly Court had set up a super time path formation in the River of Time, there were multiple rank eights and many Immortal Gu Houses, but they could not do anything to Fang Yuan!


 Even though Fang Yuan lost, in fact running away like a dog, after this battle was exposed, his reputation soared and left a deep impression in everyone’s hearts.


 Not only because of his schemes and ferocity, but also due to his opponent being Heavenly Court.


 It was created since the Remote Antiquity Era, Heavenly Court which had three million years of history and had withstood the multiple invasions of various Demon Venerables, the number one human force created since the beginning of human history!


 After so long, this Heavenly Court could actually do nothing to a demonic path Gu Immortal?!


 1


 This was a really rarely seen situation.


 Even throughout the entire history of Heavenly Court, it was rarely seen.


 Countless Gu Immortals and super forces were watching, waiting to see how Heavenly Court would capture Fang Yuan. How long could Fang Yuan really last?


 Because of all these emotions, Fang Yuan’s reputation was at its peak.


 Rank seven Fang Yuan could resist rank eight.


 Rank eight Fang Yuan was the king of demonic immortals, shaking the world!


 1


 He had grown like a shooting star, the speed was simply unthinkable. This meteor was currently like the blazing sun, he was bright and dazzling, countless people could not even look up at him.


 Demon King Fang Yuan!


 1


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals started trembling even more fiercely, Fang Yuan’s mere entrance had already intimidated all these people.


 His demonic might was unstoppable.



***
Chapter 1637 - He Cheated!


***





 



 1


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Everyone, don’t panic.” Qi Fa said in a dry voice. His tall body was like a bamboo in the wind, wavering slightly.


 Nobody laughed.


 Qi clan had three rank seven and two rank six Gu Immortals, they were not Fang Yuan’s match even if they joined up. They were meat on the chopping block, they were completely defenseless.


 After Qi Fa spoke, he mustered his courage and continued: “We have already obtained the acknowledgement of the gatehouse, we can explore that grotto-heaven, we are also protected by the gatehouse. If Fang Yuan wants to kill us, he will need to pass the gatehouse, but if he destroys it, he will break the rules of the bet and would not reach the other side.”


 Qi Fa’s words calmed everyone down.


 Fang Yuan looked at Qi Fa with slight surprise as he smiled, praising: “He is quite smart.”


 Qi Fa’s words were said to Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, but was also meant for Fang Yuan. Qi clan was able to become the eventual winner of the Five Xiang’s bet, it was not without reason. These last years, Qi clan had developed while suppressing or enslaving the other four clans, they also kept a low profile and hid themselves deeply. Even Southern Border’s righteous path did not know or attempt to find the Five Xiang’s treasure, this was due to Qi clan’s abilities.


 But no matter how amazing they were, against Fang Yuan, they were doomed to fail.


 Fang Yuan’s smile was terrifying in their eyes, his pearly white teeth were like sharp daggers aiming at them.


 Fang Yuan took a look at Qi clan’s Gu Immortals before looking over at Bai Ning Bing.


 Both of them had already negotiated earlier, Bai Ning Bing nodded at Fang Yuan before flying towards the gatehouse.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were slightly stirred, but they could do nothing but watch.


 Once Bai Ning Bing entered the blue light, this icy light shook for a moment before stabilizing.


 Fang Yuan nodded to himself, he was afraid earlier that Bai Ning Bing’s dragonman status would affect it, after all, dragonmen were variant humans and were not traditional humans. But now, it seemed that the gatehouse only cared about Bai Ning Bing’s bloodline, regardless of her status as human or variant human.


 After a few breaths of time, Bai Ning Bing gained the acknowledgement of the gatehouse and was sent up into the clouds by a formless and mild force.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had flickering gazes, they all showed a look of regret.


 “It seems that Bai Ning Bing is not under Fang Yuan’s enslavement, otherwise, the gatehouse would not acknowledge her.”


 “It is a pity...”


 “Damn it, Bai Ning Bing was allowed to enter the world beyond the gatehouse too!”


 Bai Ning Bing was found by Old Man Yan Shi last time, but she was never enslaved, all they did was cooperate.


 After joining Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing was not targeted by Fang Yuan’s enslavement methods either.


 This was all due to this gatehouse.


 Bai Ning Bing landed on the cloud and inspected the area, before saying to Fang Yuan: “Getting onto the clouds would be the same as getting the gatehouse’s acknowledgement, Gu Immortals cannot fight each other here.”


 “Okay.” A bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, seeing his following actions, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals all gasped in shock.


 Fang Yuan actually flew towards the blue light.


 The blue light flickered for a moment before stabilizing.


 Even though Fang Yuan was in his original appearance, he had activated immortal killer move familiar face already. He had modified this move, adding in blood path Immortal Gu to disguise his own bloodline. Initially, he had used this against Wu clan, disguising as Wu Yi Hai and mixing into the righteous path.


 But before Fang Yuan got happy, the four other lights appeared on the gatehouse.


 These four lights represented the power of the other four Xiangs.


 Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, earlier, he had allowed Bai Ning Bing to enter first in order to inspect the blue light. After he flew in, he managed to deceive the blue light, but to think that the other four Xiangs unleashed their power.


 Boom!


 The gatehouse shook, Fang Yuan was pushed out of the light by a strong force.


 “Familiar face cannot deceive it?” Fang Yuan’s heart shook slightly.


 Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs!


 This strong force that had once taken leadership of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had displayed its immense power.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals all sighed in huge relief, great joy appeared on their faces.


 Fang Yuan’s actions were simply too shocking, but this result was the best for them.


 “So close, Fang Yuan could not get in!”


 “We have hope! This way, Fang Yuan is kept outside, we only need to deal with Bai Ning Bing.”


 “Her Bai Xiang killer move is troublesome, but our Qi Xiang true inheritance is not weak either.”


 Fang Yuan focused as he looked at the gatehouse.


 Indeed, he had underestimated the gatehouse. Or rather, Shadow Sect and Bai Ning Bing’s information was not sufficient regarding this gatehouse.


 To deceive it, familiar face was not enough.


 Fang Yuan did not want Bai Ning Bing to explore it alone.


 She was unreliable, and even if she was reliable, she could not deal with Qi clan’s Gu Immortals alone.


 Even though Fang Yuan had encountered an obstacle earlier, his determination to get in had not wavered.


 “Qi Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Ni Xiang, Chi Xiang, these are the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. This gatehouse was created by all five of them, their power was fused into one.”


 Fang Yuan went into rapid contemplation.


 Qi Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Ni Xiang, and Chi Xiang; they were in qi path, ice path, blood path, earth path, and food path respectively.


 1


 Fang Yuan had high attainment in blood path and earth path, he was confident.


 In terms of food path, even though his attainment level was not high, Fang Yuan had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, it contained the original food path inheritance in this world. With such a foundation, Fang Yuan had an immensely deep amount of information to work with.


 His qi path and ice path attainment levels were very low. But ice path was not a problem, he had Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang true inheritance that was used to deceive the blue light already.


 “So, my only obstacle is Qi Xiang’s power.” Divine brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan did not have qi path attainment level or sufficient qi path inheritances, because it was already on the decline for a long time.


 “No issue, I have the light of wisdom.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to use the light of wisdom to force his way through!


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals conversed.


 “What is he doing?”


 “He seems to be deducing... didn’t Heavenly Court announce it, this demon has very extraordinary wisdom path methods.”


 “Hehe, it is useless, how can he deduce the Five Xiang’s arrangements in such a short time?” 

 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were very confident about this.


 They had tried to break the power of the Five Xiangs long ago, but they had no success. This was the failure of generations of Gu Immortals that had tried time and time again.


 They had failed too many times against the Five Xiang’s seal, how could Fang Yuan possibly succeed?


 “Or maybe Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods are above us. But he is simply dreaming if he wants to deduce it now. This difficulty is like deducing an unknown immortal killer move that he has just seen for the first time in battle, he needs to deduce and unravel it. He is too naive!” Qi Fa shook his head, as he said that, his courage appeared again, his fear was fading.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan attacked the gatehouse.


 The gate shook intensely, the expressions of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also changed.


 “This, this, this!”


 “The demon attacked, he actually attacked the gatehouse. He wants to destroy the teleportation entrance, does he not want to enter?”


 “He failed the deduction so he got angry instead?!”


 Bam bam bam...


 As Fang Yuan attacked fiercely, the entire gatehouse started to shake. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also shook as their footing became unstable, they were like candles in the wind.


 Shock and fear was shown on their faces, some even began to tremble.


 Once the gatehouse gets destroyed, they would lose their protection, it would be up to Fang Yuan whether he wants to kill or capture them.


 “It must hold against him!” Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all praying in their hearts.


 Fang Yuan gradually stopped attacking.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals breathed roughly, they were all wet with sweat. The feeling of almost dying was too terrible, they had never been so nervous.


 But eventually, the gatehouse still remained standing.


 “The demon did not succeed, great!” Qi Jin cheered, while the other Qi clan Gu Immortals had joyful expressions on their faces.


 Fang Yuan glanced at them as he showed a mocking smile: “Oh? Why do you think I stopped?”


 Saying so, he activated an immortal killer move, there was no flashy light or commotion, his entire body’s aura underwent a profound and mystical change.


 Next, Fang Yuan landed and bathed in the blue light, easily gaining its acknowledgement and landing beside Bai Ning Bing.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all dumbfounded, some opened their mouths and froze like statues.


 Shock was expressed on their faces, some beliefs in their minds had been completely shattered by Fang Yuan’s success!


 “This, this demon actually succeeded!”


 “This must be a dream! How can this be?”


 “How could he succeed in such a short period of time?”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals felt incredibly confused, before a strong cold feeling entered their hearts.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was ridiculously high, but his wisdom path attainment was even beyond the understanding of the Qi clan Gu Immortals.


 Such a monster made even Heavenly Court without options. How could they deal with him?


 “Gatehouse! Oh ancestor! This Fang Yuan is an outsider, he cheated!!” Qi Cai screamed, his face was full of fear and also anger.


 But the gatehouse was silent, the Five Xiang’s seal started to gather power. Soon, a strong aura emerged from the gatehouse as five lights started to shine brightly.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals saw this as their faces turned to despair.


 They knew that the gatehouse had activated not because it exposed Fang Yuan’s identity, but because the teleportation was beginning.



***
Chapter 1638 - Ultimate Treasure of the Bet


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The glaring light faded gradually.


 Fang Yuan looked around, the environment had changed, he was already inside the small world past the gatehouse.


 Bai Ning Bing was beside him, their distance was the same as before the teleportation.


 Suddenly, Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed, mysterious information was transmitted into her mind. She looked at Fang Yuan, seeing that he was completely expressionless, she hesitated for a moment before saying: “This is a public grotto-heaven, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs had once donated a portion of their grotto-heavens each to form this place. The entire grotto-heaven has five segments, they are not directly connected to each other, only the most central mountain range is shared among the five. The treasure of this bet is at the center of the grotto-heaven, as long as a Gu Immortal is acknowledged by the gatehouse and is teleported inside here, they can go after the treasure. Along the way, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs have also set up some resources, stronger experts can try to take them away, but it is recommended that they do not take everything, so as to allow the resources to grow again in the future.”


 Bai Ning Bing obtained this information, but Fang Yuan did not.


 “It seems that even though I used the light of wisdom to deduce a killer move and disguise my identity, it was too roughly made in a rush.”


 Fang Yuan had a deep gaze as he looked afar: “This means that we are very far from Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, and our areas are not connected. After disguising as a Bai Xiang descendant, I can only move about in this Bai Xiang grotto-heaven region?”


 Fang Yuan wanted to try using Fixed Immortal Travel, but he did not know the appearance of Qi Xiang’s territory.


 He had once killed Qi clan’s Qi Zai, but this person only became a Gu Immortal in the last thousand years, he did not enter this place or have any memories of it.


 “According to my experience of getting past that gatehouse’s inspection, this place has a very strict level of defense, space path methods are likely to be restricted. I am afraid that even if I use Fixed Immortal Travel, there is a low possibility of success.”


 Fang Yuan looked at the situation now, soon, he made up his mind.


 “Let’s go to the center!”


 The entire public grotto-heaven had five areas, they were all connected to the center which contained the ultimate treasure of this bet. In that case, Fang Yuan would directly target it, he did not need to find Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. Not only would he waste time, he might not be able to find them after all.


 Once they got to the mountain range, they would meet Qi clan’s Gu Immortals anyway.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing flew rapidly, crossing mountains and valleys.


 Bai Xiang cultivated ice and snow path, this area was contributed by Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, thus even though there were mountains and valleys here, they were covered in thick snow, it was a field of white.


 “Look there!” Bai Ning Bing suddenly said.


 She was looking at a mountain, it was extremely steep and dangerous, at the peak, there were a hundred ice mirror snow lotuses growing.


 This was a rank six immortal material containing ice path and wood path dao marks.


 Near the snow lotus, there were many snow monsters and even desolate level snow monsters. If anyone went there and wanted to get the ice mirror snow lotuses, these snow monsters would stop them.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had discovered it long ago, he only took a glance before flying away with Bai Ning Bing.


 Even though these desolate level snow monsters were not his match, Fang Yuan did not want to waste time here, he headed straight for the center of the public grotto-heaven!


 Ice mirror snow lotus, hundred years profound ice, thousand years profound ice, mystical frost water, heaven craft divine jade... along the way, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing saw many resource points, even though they were small to mid sized resource points, they had plentiful storage.


 The deeper they went, the more valuable the resource points in the grotto-heaven. Of course, the beasts or plants defending them were also increasingly stronger. The Five Xiangs had specially created this arrangement to test their descendants.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s current strength was enough to sweep through everything, he ignored these small benefits in front of him, his mind was completely on the center of the mountain range.


 Howl—!


 Howling of beasts could be heard continuously as they emerged from the valleys to attack Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 They were jade frost antelopes.


 The large ones were huge like palaces, the small ones were the size of three houses, their eyes were fully jade green in color without irises. Their horns curled upwards, even without wings, they could float and travel in the air. Each time they jumped, their hooves would emit white frost that would produce a clear chiming sound.


 These jade frost antelopes appeared very peculiarly, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s expressions quickly changed.


 Fang Yuan snorted as he waved his hand, grabbing a fan that appeared out of nowhere.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Whoosh!


 Summer fan whipped up strong winds that turned into tornadoes, they resembled winds but were actually filled with time path’s power.


 The beasts that approached with a great momentum were engulfed by the winds and rapidly died. Their corpses fell from the sky like dumplings, crashing onto the snow and creating loud noises.


 This large group of jade frost antelopes died in an instant, not just that, Fang Yuan’s fan also caused the snow mountain below him to crumble, creating a huge crater filled with rocks.


 Fang Yuan flew down rapidly, slamming down as the rocks scattered.


 He looked at a huge rock wall and inspected the aura on it, his expression turning cold.


 There was a Gu formation here that Fang Yuan destroyed, it had the style of qi path.


 “It seems that the restriction of five independent regions cannot restrict those Gu Immortals from Qi clan.” Fang Yuan said to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing nodded: “Understandable, they have already been coming here so many times, they must have a deep understanding of the place. A lot of the Five Xiangs’ restrictions cannot stop them anymore. This also means that our journey is not going to be smooth.”


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Qi clan’s Gu Immortals are trying to obstruct us, they must be trying to delay for time to obtain the treasure first. We will not stay here, we will move rapidly.”


 The two continued to fly, along the way, as Bai Ning Bing had expected, many beast groups obstructed them.


 But these beast groups were all slaughtered easily by Fang Yuan’s methods, they could barely delay his advancement.


 “Fang Yuan’s methods are truly terrifying! Our beast tides are simply thin as paper!”


 “No, he is simply killing them like killing ants, this is too scary.”


 “They are coming, they are near the central mountain range!”


 “Don’t panic, there is a layer of defense at the mountain range, there is an immemorial desolate beast there.”


 3


 “The defenses were broken through, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing are arriving!”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals continued to converse, the atmosphere was tense, when Fang Yuan arrived, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all panicking, their nervousness could be felt from afar.


 The area that stored the treasure was very obvious, Fang Yuan could see it the moment he entered the central mountain range.


 At the peak of the highest mountain, there was a palace, it was decorated in the same style as the gatehouse.


 This was an Immortal Gu House!


 Fang Yuan successfully got into the Immortal Gu House, he saw that at the center of the hall, there were five Qi clan Gu Immortals sitting around the ultimate treasure.


 Next, his gaze turned towards the treasure of the bet.


 This mysterious treasure was a white crane.


 This white crane has one leg, it was covered in snow-white feathers that had no dust or dirt on it. Its long beak was red in color, its wings were tucked in as its eyes were shut tight.


 Fang Yuan’s brows furrowed rapidly, he could tell that this white crane was extraordinary.


 It was not a real living being, it was also not an Immortal Gu, yet it emitted a rank nine aura!


 “Amazing!” Fang Yuan laughed: “So the ultimate treasure of the bet is a rank nine killer move!”


 Fang Yuan’s laughter made the Qi clan Gu Immortals shudder.


 They were fearful and also furious.


 Qi clan had painstakingly protected this ultimate treasure of the Five Xiangs bet, but an outsider was here now trying to take it!


 Qi clan has already treated the treasure as their possession. Fang Yuan wanted to take it, it meant that the great animosity between Qi clan and Fang Yuan was unresolvable.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold, he did not speak, he pointed his finger as a sword light flew out, attacking a Qi clan Gu Immortal.


 The five Qi clan Gu Immortals had instilled their wills into the white crane killer move, they did not move and allowed the sword light to approach them.


 At the crucial moment, the five lights of the hall shined as the sword light was dispelled soundlessly.


 “As expected.” Fang Yuan felt no surprise.


 This hall could gather the power of the entire public grotto-heaven, it was also the place where the Five Xiang’s seal was the strongest. With this power overseeing the area, Fang Yuan and Qi clan’s Gu Immortals could not fight each other.


 Of course, Fang Yuan could act forcefully, but he had to suppress the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs’ power, he would also cause great damage to the entire public grotto-heaven.


 “No wonder Qi clan’s Gu Immortals are not moving! But since they have the qualification to refine this ultimate treasure, so can I!” Bai Ning Bing had her own thoughts, she got close to the killer move.


 Next, she mimicked the five Gu Immortals from Qi clan as she sent her own will into it.


 The five Qi clan Gu Immortals had nervous expressions while Bai Ning Bing’s body shook, she shouted to Fang Yuan: “Hurry up!”


 Even without her reminder, Fang Yuan had already arrived beside her, he instilled his will into the killer move as he understood the entire situation.


 At the same time, some information originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also entered his mind!


 “People of the future, I am Ben Jie Sun, also known as Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.”


 “When exploring the immemorial white heaven, I by chance found a mysterious existence, it was like the heavenly spirit of a grotto-heaven. It was incredibly agile, I only managed to capture it after spending a lot of effort. After researching it, I found that it was incredibly profound, it involved the deepest mysteries of this world. It corresponded with the details in the latter half of >.”


 “I temporarily named it the natural heavenly spirit, it could not be brought out of white heaven or placed into one’s grotto-heaven. It was filled with heaven’s will that was constantly replenished at all times. Even I could not use my human will to refine it forcefully.”


 “After thinking long and hard, I found a solution, I forcefully condensed it and created an immortal killer move, I called it — Heaven Form!”



***
Chapter 1639 - Contest Over Heaven Form


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Heaven form?!” Fang Yuan was surprised, but soon understood what happened.


 Everything was clear now.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was an otherworldly demon, he was skilled in space path and created theft path, he also had great ability in refinement path.


 His entire life was dedicated to finding a way to leave the Gu Master world and return to his homeland.


 He was the richest venerable, he searched for immortal materials all around the world and refined many Immortal Gu. He had also traveled the most, having explored almost the entire five regions and two heavens.


 One day when exploring white heaven, he by chance found a mystical existence, after searching on it, he named it natural heavenly spirit.


 Even with his Demon Venerable strength, he could not refine the natural heavenly spirit.


 It was not hard to understand this.


 According to Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s words, this natural heavenly spirit could not be brought out of immemorial white heaven, and inside white heaven, it was replenished by heaven’s will endlessly. When Gu Immortals refine Immortal Gu, they have to use their own will to get rid of the wild will in the Immortal Gu, eventually refining it into their tool.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable wanted to refine the natural heavenly spirit, even though the steps were different, in essence it was the same. The Demon Venerable’s will was strong, but against the natural heavenly spirit filled with heaven’s will, that was constantly replenished, he could not succeed.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable failed but was not dejected, man was the spirit of all living beings, he found a method, that was to combine the heavenly spirit with other Gu worms to form a rank nine immortal killer move.


 This made Fang Yuan think of the ghostly concealment killer move that he had, it was also a rank nine killer move. It was paired with divine concealment, even though Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had used it long ago, these two moves still remained until now.


 This seemed to be a specialty of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 The problem was, even if Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable found a way to turn the natural heavenly spirit into a rank nine immortal killer move heaven form, he could not manipulate or use it.


 Because he did not manage to refine the natural heavenly spirit.


 But this was part of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s plan, he knew that he could not refine the natural heavenly spirit in a short period of time, therefore he turned the heavenly spirit into an immortal killer move.


 This way, the natural heavenly spirit would be replenished with heaven’s will at a far lower rate.


 After Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created heaven form, he did not use it. Before he vanished mysteriously, he left behind many Thieving Heaven true inheritances, he did not forget heaven form either.


 “Heaven form killer move has not been truly refined, I cannot complete it alone, it needs a long period of time and generations of wills to cleanse. One day, it will be truly refined by a Gu Immortal, by then, it would be usable.”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also said that even though he left this killer move behind, it could not be controlled and was not a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, it needed more work from people in the future, it was only half a Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan could deduce the future developments himself.


 One day, when the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs explored immemorial white heaven, they happened to find this half Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had said it clearly already, this rank nine killer move could only be used by one person, because all Five Xiangs wanted it, they argued and did not manage to come to a consensus, due to their internal conflict, their group fell apart.


 The Five Xiangs tried but just the five of them could not refine this killer move, eventually, they set up the bet and agreed to use this to decide the owner of the immortal killer move.


 Time passed mercilessly, countless events occurred throughout the ages.


 Eventually, the Five Xiangs died, generations of Gu Immortal descendants of the Five Xiangs appeared and disappeared. Until today, Qi clan obtained the decisive advantage, and after years of hard work by their predecessors, they were finally about to succeed.


 But Fang Yuan interfered!


 It was understandable why the Qi clan Gu Immortals were so furious and filled with hatred.


 Since the first generation of the Five Xiangs, they had worked so hard throughout the ages, their efforts were finally about to bear fruit, and now, he was here to snatch it away!


 How shameless!


 Too shameless, too despicable!


 These emotions were the fuel that Qi clan was using to face Fang Yuan at the moment.


 Fang Yuan was only a rank eight Gu Immortal, they believed that as long as they obtained the rank nine killer move, they would be able to defeat Fang Yuan, or at least, make him wary of their battle strength, they would be able to negotiate.


 Fang Yuan came to Bai Ning Bing’s side as he instilled his will into the heaven form killer move.


 Inside the heaven form killer move, there was a lump of stubborn heaven’s will that remained steady as a fortress, having the greatest defense.


 Below this heaven’s will fortress were countless wills.


 A vast sea of wills!


 The bet had been undergone time and time again, a large number of Gu Immortals had left their wills behind. There were strong rank eight Gu Immortals like the Five Xiangs, there were also rank seven elites like Ni clan’s Gu Immortal Ni Er.


 Such an accumulation was not strange.


 But what made Fang Yuan surprised was that these wills were not moving, they seemed dead like rocks, staying completely still.


 Only these newly entered wills were moving around like dragons, fighting above the sea of wills.


 Three of the five Gu Immortal wills of Qi clan went to deal with Bai Ning Bing’s will. The remaining two attacked the heaven’s will fortress at the top.


 “That is the central area of the killer move heaven form, whoever refines it will become the owner of heaven form!”


 “Demon Fang Yuan’s will also came in!”


 “Persevere, we cannot relax now, we are about to succeed.”


 “This is the hard work of our Qi clan after countless years, for this moment, we have sacrificed too much, we cannot let the outsider Fang Yuan win!!”


 The Qi clan Gu Immortals conversed, they spurred each other on, their morale was at its peak.


 Actually, they had no other choice, Fang Yuan’s ruthless nature was known to all, if they did not manage to refine this rank nine killer move, they would definitely end up in pitiful states.


 Without hesitation, Fang Yuan’s will charged up.


 His will gathered into a lump and moved like a soaring dragon.


 The wills of three Qi clan Gu Immortals cooperated, but they could not resist Fang Yuan’s fierce assault, they were retreating continuously.


 They were just qi path Gu Immortals after all, while Fang Yuan had a huge advantage in this aspect.


 “Persevere, regardless of the price we have to pay, we need to stall for time!”


 “Quickly attack and take down the central control area!”


 “As long as we can obtain this killer move, we might be able to kill this supreme demon king and eradicate him for good. We might be able to obtain a large number of venerable true inheritances...”


 “Even if we cannot stop him, we need to expend his will so that he cannot take down the heaven’s will fortress at the top.”



***
Chapter 1640 - Traitor Bai


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all standing together, resisting Fang Yuan desperately and courageously while feeling anxiety, fear and panic.


 Fang Yuan frowned, he found that his will could not be instilled endlessly, after reaching a certain amount, he could not send any more.


 Furthermore, when his will was instilled, his main body could only watch as the wills fought. Thus, his vast number of wisdom path methods could not work here.


 Heaven form was rank nine, while Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods were just rank eight at best. Even if they could affect the killer move heaven form, Fang Yuan did not want to try them, if he triggered the counterattack of the killer move, that would be a problem. Even if there was no counterattack, destroying heaven form would also make him lose the greatest treasure here.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals needed heaven form to deal with Fang Yuan and protect themselves. Fang Yuan also wanted heaven form greatly, because he needed more strength to deal with the obstacles from Heavenly Court in the River of Time.


 Thus, both sides had to compete using the most basic form of attacking through their wills.


 In this regard, Fang Yuan was deeply experienced. After suffering at the hands of Mo Yao, he had practiced tirelessly to remove this weakness, it was his advantage now.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were not Fang Yuan’s match, but they had strength in numbers, their cumulative will was much greater than Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan’s advantage grew, but he could not turn this advantage into victory. The Qi clan Gu Immortals were resisting him stubbornly, they were outperforming themselves.


 In fact, Fang Yuan still had one worry left, it was Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had once backstabbed him, she was an unstable element in this situation.


 But thankfully, the heaven’s will fortress at the top was very strong and did not waver, no matter how Qi clan’s Gu Immortals attacked it, there were no traces of it breaking down.


 Fang Yuan started to feel troubled, at this rate, even if he got past or destroyed the Qi clan Gu Immortals’ wills, he might not have enough will left to deal with the heaven’s will at the center.


 Time and again, Qi clan’s wills retreated while Fang Yuan’s will moved like a dragon, coiling around Qi clan’s wills, encircling them.


 Qi clan’s wills were shocked, if Fang Yuan destroyed their encircled wills, they would be in deeper trouble, they would not be able to stop Fang Yuan from leaving.


 Thus, the wills that had just dispersed gathered together again as they charged at Fang Yuan.


 “Bai Ning Bing, block them.” Fang Yuan rapidly ordered.


 Bai Ning Bing’s will was like an ice wall, it stabbed into the battlefield, but it defended Qi clan’s wills as it started to attack Fang Yuan!


 Qi clan’s wills were greatly shocked, at the crucial moment, Bai Ning Bing had betrayed him.


 Fang Yuan’s will was caught off guard by Bai Ning Bing, he was very angry.


 Qi clan’s wills observed for a moment and became very happy, they attacked Fang Yuan from another direction.


 Fang Yuan’s will continued to reduce in size, he had to give up on taking down Qi clan’s wills.


 “Bai Ning Bing, you traitor, I will not forgive you!” Fang Yuan’s will roared, but the outcome was decided, he had to escape with his remaining will.


 “Fang Yuan, with your personality, after getting heaven form, won’t you deal with me? I am the descendant of Bai Xiang, heaven form killer move is my fortuitous encounter. Hahaha!” Bai Ning Bing’s will laughed maniacally: “This is a great chance, after defeating you here, my entire life will become dazzling and hopeful as a result.”


 1


 Bai Ning Bing did not want to let Fang Yuan’s will off, she chased after him.


 Fang Yuan’s will could only escape.


 “What are you all waiting for? Come and help!” Bai Ning Bing’s will roared at Qi clan’s wills.


 Qi clan’s wills were also heavily damaged, after thinking for a bit, Qi Fa’s will shouted: “Don’t move, there might be a trap, let them fight it out.”


 Fang Yuan’s will was attacked by Bai Ning Bing’s will and was terribly damaged, it was much smaller than Bai Ning Bing’s will now. Eventually, she encircled him and fought until he was completely exterminated.


 “To think that the demon Fang Yuan would be the first to fall!”


 “No matter how vigilant he was, he could not defend against an internal threat.”


 “Hahaha, this is the rise of our Qi clan, this is a great opportunity. Let’s go, we must exterminate Bai Ning Bing’s will too!”


 Qi clan’s wills attacked again, even though Bai Ning Bing’s will resisted stubbornly, two fists could not rival four palms, she was eventually wiped out as well.


 “We succeeded!”


 “Heaven form is ours!!”


 Qi clan’s wills were drowning in joy, now that they had no enemies left, they gathered and attacked the heaven’s will fortress.


 Boom!


 At once, an explosion occurred at the heaven’s will fortress, a large amount of heaven’s will gushed out like uncaged beasts, attacking Qi clan’s wills.


 All along, this heaven’s will had been defensive in nature, Qi clan’s wills were deceived and forgot that it could move freely.


 Heaven’s will’s retaliation was a huge surprise to Qi clan’s wills, they suffered huge losses.


 “How can there be so much heaven’s will?”


 “Impossible!”


 “Heaven’s will is crafty, it deceived us of its strength, I am unresigned!”


 “Quickly resist it, we cannot afford to lose!”


 Qi clan’s wills were determined and went all in, from a dangerous situation, they gradually stabilized it and eventually managed to gain the advantage over heaven’s will, when there was little heaven’s will left, the core was exposed, awaiting its new owner.


 “We finally won!” A moment later, Qi clan’s wills were about to cry from joy. They only had a bit of will left, but heaven’s will was finally gone.


 “I’m afraid not.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s will appeared again.


 Qi clan’s wills were shocked, they started shouting.


 “You, you were already eliminated right?”


 “Impossible! You already used up your will, normally, you will need a thousand years before you can send your will in again.”


 “Did you unravel this rank nine killer move? No, no way, this is a rank nine killer move originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!”


 Fang Yuan’s will snickered but he did not explain, he attacked.


 Qi clan’s wills were like tiny rabbits, Fang Yuan attacked them like a fierce tiger, easily getting rid of them without much obstruction.


 And next, Fang Yuan’s will replaced heaven’s will and went into the core area.


 He was the final victor!


 Opening his eyes, he saw the five Qi clan Gu Immortals escaping in a panic.


 Fang Yuan did not stop them, this Immortal Gu House and public blessed land had the Five Xiang’s arrangements, they would definitely stop him if he attacked.


 Bai Ning Bing stood by Fang Yuan’s side motionlessly, she did not have any intentions of escaping.


 Everything that happened was part of Fang Yuan’s plan.


 He purposely orchestrated a show, having Bai Ning Bing betray him. He wanted to deceive not just Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, but also heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan had much more experience against heaven’s will than Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. he deduced that heaven’s will had a lot of battle strength remaining, even if he defeated Qi clan’s wills, he would not be the match of heaven’s will.


 Thus, he purposely backed off and hid away a portion of his will.


 Of course, Bai Ning Bing’s will was truly wiped out. The advantage of this was that other than tricking Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, he could prevent her from doing anything at the most crucial moment.


 The wills of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were already weakened by Fang Yuan earlier, because they were facing huge problems and pressure, they were unable to see through Fang Yuan’s plot.


 It was difficult indeed.


 When wills thought about things, they would be expended. The smaller the will, the less it could think. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also had to ensure that they had enough strength left to deal with heaven’s will.


 The outcome was as Fang Yuan predicted, he was the final winner.


 Heaven form was under Fang Yuan’s control, at this moment, he did not inspect, he turned to look at Bai Ning Bing with a deep gaze.


 “Oh Bai Ning Bing... are you really not going to run?” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with killing intent.


 Bai Ning Bing’s value had been squeezed out, she was not like Shadow Sect’s members, she was not under Fang Yuan’s control.


 Since he obtained heaven form, it was time to settle this problem.


 The atmosphere was tense, Fang Yuan’s killing intent was rising.


 They were about to fight at any moment.


 Evidently, Fang Yuan was not someone Bai Ning Bing could defeat at the moment. Even though the killer move Bai Xiang was a powerful move that had once terrorized Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation level was too low now, her foundation was far weaker than Fang Yuan.


 If they fought, Bai Ning Bing would die for sure!



***
Chapter 1641 - Very Interesting


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Facing Fang Yuan’s immense killing intent, Bai Ning Bing smiled as she looked towards Fang Yuan straight in the eye, asking in return: “Why should I run?”


 After pausing for a moment, she said: “Qi clan’s Gu Immortals escaped, that is because they don’t know you. We are both from Qing Mao Mountain, with my understanding of you, how could they escape? Hehe, since I cannot escape, what’s the point of running? Not only will I not escape, on the contrary, I will join Shadow Sect.”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “I had thought of that, but your Bai Xiang killer move is too amazing, it can free you from almost any alliance agreement.”


 The uniqueness of Bai Xiang was that it turned the Gu Immortal into a unique existence, even a tiny fragment could regenerate and be reborn.


 The essence of alliance agreements were information path dao marks, Bai Ning Bing could make use of Bai Xiang to self-mutilate and get rid of her information path dao marks, negating her alliance agreements.


 Thus, Bai Xiang was also used for healing, to get rid of unwanted dao marks in the body.


 “Indeed.” Facing Fang Yuan’s deep wariness, Bai Ning Bing laughed, not caring about her own safety: “But isn’t that more exciting?”


 Fang Yuan snorted, saying in displeasure: “I am not you, Bai Ning Bing.”


 Bai Ning Bing nodded, she stopped smiling as brilliance flashed in her dragon eyes: “Indeed, I have been pursuing excitement all along. This is why I admire you, Fang Yuan, your life is truly exciting, it is so thrilling! Every time you plot, every time you succeed, or even every time you fail, they are filled with excitement. Especially earlier when you were ambushed by Heavenly Court and had to escape like a dog, it was truly the most thrilling experience!”


 “The other Shadow Sect members cannot understand my feelings. Some just want to save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, some feel fear and panic, some feel immense pressure, but what I feel is excitement and thrill. The bigger the problems, the bigger the troubles, the more exciting life is, isn’t that right?”


 “Others might not know me, but I am sure that you understand me, right?”


 Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan’s eyes with a bright gaze.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 Back then on Qing Mao Mountain, he had deduced that Bai Ning Bing was a true demon. He was not wrong, that was exactly who she was. To pursue the excitement of life, she could give up anything, even her life. The values and moral concepts of normal people, the complexities of love and hatred, they were all unrelated to her.


 She was different from the norm, her world view was vastly different, she only walked on her own path. She followed her own desires, she did not care about life and death.


 In fact, Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan were very similar, they were the same kind, only that they pursued different goals.


 Fang Yuan pursued eternal life, he was willing to sacrifice anything including himself. Even if he failed and died along the way, he would feel happy and content, because he lived pursuing his dreams, he felt a sense of satisfaction and enjoyment towards life.


 1


 Bai Ning Bing said that Fang Yuan understood her, she was absolutely right, it was the same as how she understood Fang Yuan.


 The saying goes, heroes admired each other, it was the same for demons.


 Fang Yuan’s killing intent gradually faded away.


 His killing intent was only a facade, the truth was, he did not really have much killing intent.


 Why should he kill Bai Ning Bing?


 Fang Yuan’s strength far surpassed Bai Ning Bing, her threat was very low to Fang Yuan.


 2


 Sometimes, when he saw Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan could see his own reflection. True demons like them were too rare, meeting one was a form of luck, it was a form of affirmation towards their goals.


 Because of their similarity, they recognized each other, they acknowledged each other.


 Thus, back then, when Bai Ning Bing gave up her life to save Fang Yuan, she said her final words — asking Fang Yuan to live in her place and witness the excitement of life. Bai Ning Bing had felt that Fang Yuan could take her place to a certain extent.


 Sometimes, Fang Yuan thought about it, if he and Bai Ning Bing exchanged identities, would he have made the same choice as her?


 “Hahaha.” Bai Ning Bing suddenly raised her head and laughed: “I can give all of Bai Xiang grotto-heaven’s resources to you. But I want the Gu worms from Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, I am willing to join Shadow Sect because facing Heavenly Court is truly exciting! This was your excitement, but it will become mine as well.”


 “In that case, there are three possible outcomes.” Bai Ning Bing squinted, excitement flashing in her eyes, there was a light of insanity.


 “The first possibility, you get killed by Heavenly Court. With your strength, even if you get killed, it will be in an incredible manner, your struggle before death will definitely be a climax. By witnessing your death, it will be the greatest experience of my life.”


 “The second possibility, Heavenly Court gets defeated or even destroyed by you. That is definitely exciting beyond belief, the number one force of human history falling like a crashing meteor, it will create the greatest sparks in this world.”


 “And the third possibility, the one I anticipate the most, because it is the most thrilling! You and Heavenly Court get into a deadlock, both sides suffer losses. In that case, I will stay by your side, I will have the supreme chance to find an opportunity. I might even emerge as the victor, both you and Heavenly Court will become my stepping stones.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Bai Ning Bing calmly, he said with a cold and expressionless face: “If I kill you now, all three possibilities will vanish.”


 “Yes, yes...” Bai Ning Bing frowned, she became a little dejected, her gaze flickered and her tone became heavy: “That is true. If I die now, even though I will resist to the utmost, our strength is too vastly different, there will be little excitement in the battle.”


 “But if that is your choice, I will accept it.” She smiled, shrugging: “I am just too weak, I have to accept that fate. This cruelty of life is also exciting, isn’t it? Hehehe.”


 Death was not scary for Bai Ning Bing.


 She was a lunatic, but also logical and calm. Such a person was the scariest.


 But someone even scarier than her was standing right in front of her.


 1


 It was the demonic path overlord Fang Yuan who made both heaven’s will and Heavenly Court helpless to deal with.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he laughed “Very interesting.”


 Bai Ning Bing was a very interesting person.


 Right now, Bai Ning Bing was weak and was subject to Fang Yuan’s mercy, she did not try persuading him to spare her, she said the opposite, even exposing her own threat to Fang Yuan.


 This was because she understood Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was a person who kept a clear mind, he had already analyzed the benefits and costs of keeping her life. Once he made up his mind, it was useless no matter what was said.


 Even without Bai Ning Bing’s words, Fang Yuan knew that he needed all the strength he could get to face Heavenly Court and obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Bai Ning Bing was a precious source of battle strength, even if she was given a chance to betray him, so what?


 A blade was naturally able to harm oneself. But if he threw this blade away and fought empty handed, was that not a stupid move?


 It was up to Fang Yuan’s abilities to make good use of this blade and prevent her betrayal.


 “If I am too useless and Bai Ning Bing’s betrayal succeeds, I can only blame myself, isn’t that right?”


 1


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan laughed: “Oh Bai Ning Bing, you are truly someone I admire, I will not kill you now. Follow me, witness my failure or success. If I die at your hands, that will be quite a show. But now, display your worth to me, bring me the heads of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, and also... their Qi Sea grotto-heaven.”


 1



***
Chapter 1642 - Blood Revenge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside rank nine killer move heaven form.


 Fang Yuan’s will moved like a dragon, coiling in the air as he charged down abruptly.


 Rumble!


 Fang Yuan’s will descended like a meteor, crashing into the bottom of the sea of wills, exterminating a large amount of them in an instant.


 However, this sea of will was truly huge, Fang Yuan’s attack only destroyed a small portion of them.


 “Even though I won and occupied the killer move’s core area, this place is filled with the wills of the Five Xiangs’ descendants. Only after I exterminate them all can I truly activate this rank nine killer move.”


 This sea of will was colossal. And the bigger problem was, these wills were affected by the rank nine killer move and were as sturdy as rocks. Many of Fang Yuan’s methods could not work on them, under the influence of the rank nine killer move, he had a limited number of methods to use.


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought as he instilled a new tide of will.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 The will gathered into swords as countless will swords shot down like rain, stabbing into the sea of wills and creating huge pits.


 In a while, a layer of this sea of wills was eradicated.


 Compared to the earlier will dragon, this rain of will swords had far more terrifying power.


 Fang Yuan saw this and sighed deeply: “As expected of rank eight Immortal Gu Wisdom Sword!”


 He had rank eight cultivation level now, he could use this Gu. Even though it was a sword path Immortal Gu, it was closely related to wisdom path.


 Fang Yuan used it as the core to deduce a simple move that could summon a large amount of sword will.


 Using these sword wills to attack the sea of wills was the most effective method that Fang Yuan had tried.


 But if he did that, his investments would be very high. Wisdom sword Immortal Gu was a rank eight Gu, it expended white litchi immortal essence and the immortal killer move with it would cause a lot of immortal essence expenditure.


 But Fang Yuan calculated and found that he could accept this expenditure.


 After all, he was affluent, his immortal aperture management was a rising gold mine.


 During the battle in the River of Time, even though Fang Yuan escaped and ruined Heavenly Court’s plan of killing him, his losses were severe. The destruction of the incomplete Immortal Gu House was extremely painful to him, even now.


 This incomplete Immortal Gu House was created by Fang Yuan after capturing many Southern Border Gu Immortals and obtaining their Immortal Gu, he went through transactions and negotiations with Southern Border’s righteous path, eventually extorting enough Immortal Gu for the assembly.


 Fang Yuan had spent a lot of effort to do this, even though he spent so much time on it, it was destroyed.


 “I hope this heaven form killer move can be of use to me.”


 Fang Yuan was deeply anticipating what heaven form could bring to him.


 For ordinary killer moves, Fang Yuan could investigate and deduce their abilities. But this killer move was rank nine, it was too profound, Fang Yuan could not comprehend it.


 This was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s creation, he was specialized in space path and theft path, even if this was not an offensive move, it had an incredible effect for sure.


 Even though Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not explain anything about this move, Fang Yuan could deduce some things from other aspects.


 Like Shadow Sect’s attitude.


 Shadow Sect’s Old Man Yan Shi specially helped Bai Ning Bing for the sake of getting heaven form.


 “Old Man Yan Shi was a wisdom path great expert, he might have found out something, this heaven form killer move must be very useful to Shadow Sect.”


 Fang Yuan was the current leader of Shadow Sect, this heaven form killer move was definitely going to be beneficial to him.


 Other than getting rid of the sea of wills, Fang Yuan also broke the Five Xiang’s seal and obtained the Immortal Gu House at the peak of the mountain, as well as this public grotto-heaven.


 This grotto-heaven only opened once in a thousand years, it had abundant resources. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were too busy fleeing, they could not obtain any of these resources, so they all became Fang Yuan’s resources.


 Boom—!


 The huge explosion tore Bai Ning Bing to pieces.


 But at the next moment, her Bai Xiang form gathered again and charged at Qi clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, they saw how terrifying the killer move Bai Xiang was!


 Bai Ning Bing had this move active, she was almost undying. Even so, right now, she was not fighting alone, Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan were also helping her.


 Even though Fang Yuan wanted Bai Ning Bing to kill these Qi clan Gu Immortals, he knew her limits. She did not even have the most crucial immortal battlefield killer move.


 Fang Yuan had already set up an immortal formation in ambush, ever since he captured the Southern Border righteous path immortals, he started to love this method.


 Once Qi clan’s Gu Immortals entered, they were stripped of their freedom by the immortal formation, they could not escape, they had to fight Bai Ning Bing.


 “Ah—!” With a painful scream, the youngest Qi clan Gu Immortal was fatally injured by Bai Ning Bing and died.


 “My turn.” Ying Wu Xie was already prepared, he immediately moved and captured the Qi clan Gu Immortal’s soul, trapping it in the formation.


 The remaining Qi clan Gu Immortals shouted in anger as they retaliated fiercely.


 Bai Ning Bing was broken into fragments again, but she revived in a few breaths of time, reforming into Bai Xiang again.


 Even though there were many Qi clan Gu Immortals who had high battle strength, they all revealed expressions of despair now.


 Because they knew that Bai Ning Bing could not be killed, while they were trapped here, they would eventually lose in this battle of attrition.


 3


 “What do we do?”


 “Bai Ning Bing is too troublesome to deal with, and most importantly, this Fang Yuan is too vicious, he actually set this formation near the entrance of our Qi Sea grotto-heaven!”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had been very vigilant but when they were near their base, they were captured.


 They did not know that Fang Yuan had killed Qi Zai. Even though he did not enter the Five Xiang grotto-heaven, he knew the details of Qi Sea grotto-heaven.


 This Qi Sea grotto-heaven was the immortal aperture of Qi Xiang in the past, after being placed in white heaven, it could not move anymore, it had stayed there all along.


 Fang Yuan used this intel to set up the immortal formation secretly, managing to trap the Qi clan members.


 “At this rate, we are bound to lose!”


 “Stall! I don’t believe that her Bai Xiang killer move is so strong, does it not have any cost or backlash?”


 “Don’t forget about Fang Yuan, if he gets here, we are not in the Immortal Gu House, the Five Xiang’s seal cannot stop him.”


 “We cannot break out of the immortal formation, we need to let Qi Ping Su come out and cooperate with us to break this formation.”


 “No! Qi Ping Su is the only person left in the base, if he comes out, he will need to open the entrance, Shadow Sect would be able to use that chance.”


 1


 “Fang Yuan might be nearby waiting for the grotto-heaven to open already, so that he can charge in!”


 Fang Yuan did not come.


 But his fearsomeness and craftiness was etched into everyone’s hearts, the Qi clan Gu Immortals felt deep pressure and started to be flustered.


 At the same time.


 In Central Continent, a young man was standing quietly, looking at the Immortal Gu in front of him.


 This young man had a mature and experienced expression, it showed that he had gone through many hurdles in his life.


 This was none other than Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was originally going to be executed by Immortal Crane Sect, but Fang Yuan plotted and faked his death, making him live in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Zheng lived in a place where he was ostracized by hairy men, he had experienced a long period of wars and conflicts, being in danger at all times, he was also often in situations where his life was on the line. 

 After all of these experiences, he was no longer the same as before, he had truly matured.


 After that, when Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, because of Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s unique identity, he was saved by Feng Jiu Ge.


 After that, he returned to Central Continent.


 “If I am not wrong, this is a blood path Immortal Gu?” Fang Zheng looked at the Gu Immortal before him as he showed a mocking smile: “You want me to cultivate blood path, become a demonic path Gu Immortal and deal with Gu Yue Fang Yuan? This is the decision of Immortal Crane Sect, a righteous path sect?”


 1


 Immortal Crane Sect’s rank six Gu Immortal Fan Xi Liu frowned slightly as he chuckled: “Regardless of what strength it is, if you use it righteously, it is righteous, if you use it for evil, it is demonic. Don’t you understand this? For example, I cultivate poison path but I can still help the people of this world. You can do the same with blood path.”


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng shook his head: “Me cultivating blood path is only for the sake of dealing with Fang Yuan effectively. After all, we are blood brothers!”


 Even though Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, his time path clone was still blood related to Fang Zheng.


 Fan Xi Liu nodded: “That is the case indeed. Don’t you want to take revenge? After all, he slaughtered all of your clansmen in Gu Yue village.”


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng sighed deeply, even though he had a young face, his gaze was deep with the vicissitudes of life.


 “So many years have passed. To speak the truth, even though I still hate him, I understand him already.”


 “I have thought about it, I was very childish and ignorant when I was young, Fang Yuan had taken care of me greatly. In contrast, my uncle and aunt had treated me as a pawn and made use of me. Should I take revenge for such people? I do not want to.”


 2


 “Of course, the clan leader and Gu Yue Qing Shu had taken good care of me, they helped to nurture me, I am very willing to take revenge for them.”


 3


 “But I am tired now... sigh, the cycle of killing each other continues endlessly over time... I do not want revenge anymore.”


 Fan Xi Liu’s expression did not change: “It seems that these years, you have truly experienced a lot of things.”


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked at him, his mocking smile became wider: “The irony is that when I wanted to take revenge, the sect did not support me and even wanted to eliminate me. But when I gave up on revenge, you all saved me and supported my revenge.”


 Speaking of this, Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked at the blood path Immortal Gu, having an eerie gaze: “And I know that I have no choice, I can only accept this.”


 Fan Xi Liu assessed Fang Zheng once again, a surprise flashed in his eyes as he smiled lightly: “Is it really fine to speak so openly about this?”


 “Does it really matter? I know that with your methods, I cannot hide any thoughts from you, isn’t that that right?” Saying so, Fang Zheng stretched out his arm, holding that Gu as he asked: “What is this Gu’s name?”


 “Blood Revenge.”



***
Chapter 1643 - Grotto-Heaven Changes Owners


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Bai Ning Bing, don’t go overboard!” Qi clan’s Gu Immortal leader Qi Fa shouted in anger.


 Bai Ning Bing was laughing coldly in her mind.


 Bai Xiang tore through the sky, flashing past Qi Fa as Qi Jin’s corpse was left behind, frozen in ice. His expression of fear before dying was perfectly preserved, vividly shown within the ice.


 Boom boom boom!


 Qi path killer moves burst out endlessly, Bai Xiang dodged a portion of them, some were intercepted by the immortal formation, while the rest tore Bai Xiang to shreds.


 But immediately, it regenerated to perfection.


 This scene made the Qi clan Gu Immortals feel a deep chill down their spines.


 After an intense battle, three of the five Qi clan Gu Immortals had died, only Qi Fa and Qi Cai were left.


 “Damn it, Bai Xiang is too powerful, we cannot deal with it in this situation!” Qi Fa gritted his teeth.


 “This super immortal formation is the biggest problem, without it, we would have escaped already.” Qi Cai looked at Qi Fa with bloodshot eyes, pointing out the truth.


 Qi Fa was silent.


 Qi Cai was right, even though the killer move Bai Xiang was strong, couldn’t they simply run from it if they could not beat it? The sky was vast, there was no need to face Bai Ning Bing directly.


 But it was too difficult to break out of this immortal formation. At least for Qi Fa and Qi Cai, they had been trying since the start, but had obtained no fruits of success.


 Qi Fa sighed: “You are right, let’s call Qi Ping Su to help.”


 Qi Ping Su only had rank six cultivation level, he was staying behind to guard Qi clan’s base, Qi Sea grotto-heaven. But now, they had to ask him to come out and join forces with them, as long as they could destroy a bit of this immortal formation, they would be rescued.


 But if they did that, they would fall into Fang Yuan’s trap.


 Fang Yuan had purposely made sure the immortal formation did not block transmissions, he wanted to lure Qi Ping Su out of the grotto-heaven.


 Qi Fa knew this so for the entire duration of the battle, he did not want to get help from Qi Ping Su. But now, they were in a desperate situation, if they did not ask him to come out, they would lose their lives!


 Qi Ping Su was already waiting to move, once he received orders, he opened the immortal aperture’s entrance.


 Bai Ning Bing was overjoyed: “They finally did it!”


 Saying so, she teleported away using the formation, rushing into the immortal aperture’s entrance.


 “Oh no!” Qi Ping Su had just wanted to go out when Bai Ning Bing charged in, without a choice, he had to retreat.


 Qi Sea grotto-heaven was huge, it was covered in white clouds and had strong winds.


 The moment Bai Ning Bing entered, she felt a strong pressure, her strength was heavily suppressed by the vast qi path dao marks in this place.


 But Bai Xiang was still extremely powerful, Bai Ning Bing and Qi Ping Su fought intensely and she soon gained the upper hand.


 Qi Ping Su only had rank six cultivation level, his legs were crippled and he had injuries in his body. He could not beat Bai Ning Bing, he quickly retreated with his territorial advantage in this place, he soon vanished into the white clouds.


 Bai Ning Bing furrowed her brows.


 The situation was slightly troublesome, she did not kill Qi Ping Su earlier, how could she find this person in this huge grotto-heaven now? Even if she found him, what if he runs away again?


 “Hmm?” Suddenly, Bai Ning Bing raised her head, she saw that a thick sea of clouds had formed above her head.


 An intense sense of danger alerted her in her mind.


 “A fatal danger!” Instantly, Bai Ning Bing understood the severity of the situation.


 She quickly flew down like a falling meteor, descending rapidly.


 In her vision, the yellowish ground was getting larger and larger.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression became solemn, the sense of danger in her heart was intensifying.


 Intense winds blew around her, she turned to look at the sky only to find the cloud sea expanding into the horizons, an intensely powerful killer move was nurturing from within it.


 At the same time, Qi Ping Su who was in the cloud sea looked at Qi Sea heavenly spirit as he said joyfully: “Qi Sea heavenly spirit, you are awake! This timing is truly impeccable.”


 Qi Sea heavenly spirit had the appearance of a snow-white fawn, its eyes were golden in color, extremely dazzling.


 “I was roused and woke up.”


 “Since the last time I got injured, I needed to seal myself to stabilize my injuries.”


 “But this time, I sensed that an incredibly evil and strong existence is coming after the grotto-heaven. I had to wake up as a result, but this intruder is not that existence that I felt.”


 Qi Ping Su was stunned: “I know who that is, it must be Fang Yuan. Heavenly spirit, you have sealed yourself for years, you do not know that a terrifying demonic path Gu Immortal had emerged, his name is Fang Yuan, even Heavenly Court was helpless against him.”


 Qi Sea heavenly spirit was shocked: “Even Heavenly Court was helpless? It must be him.”


 Qi Ping Su pointed at Bai Ning Bing, saying in extreme anger: “This is Fang Yuan’s subordinate, she has already killed three of our clan’s Gu Immortals.”


 Qi Sea heavenly spirit was enraged, killing intent surged in its golden eyes: “An eye for an eye, they killed our Qi clan’s bloodline, we will end her life as well.”


 Saying so, an intense sound resounded as a huge white qi pillar slammed down towards Bai Ning Bing at a rapid speed from the cloud sea.


 At this instance, Bai Ning Bing was shocked to find that there was a force all around her immobilizing her. She had all sorts of thoughts in her mind but her body was unmoving, like a bug trapped in amber.


 “So powerful!”


 “Even with all my strength, I cannot escape.”


 Bai Ning Bing raised her head, a white qi pillar was slamming down at her like a giant mountain.


 This attack was clearly at rank eight level, even if Bai Ning Bing had Bai Xiang, she could not escape, she was bound to die.


 But at this moment, a jade light sparkled out of nowhere, it burst out into countless spreading jade fireflies, dancing around the area.


 From within the jade green light, Fang Yuan emerged.


 “It’s him!” Instantly, Qi Sea heavenly spirit shook intensely, shouting in shock.


 “Indeed, he is Fang Yuan.” Qi Ping Su gulped, swallowing his saliva while feeling extremely nervous.


 Against the white qi pillar, Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he only stretched out his finger.


 Swoosh!


 With a shrill sound, an intensely sharp and huge sword will surged up and pierced the white qi pillar, cutting it into two.


 The white qi pillar dissipated, Qi Ping Su opened his mouth as he felt deeply shocked.


 “I’m saved.” Bai Ning Bing was dazed before her lips curled up, she flew into the air and stood beside Fang Yuan.


 “What move is this?” Bai Ning Bing looked up above her, saying hesitantly: “Don’t tell me...”


 “It should be Qi Xiang’s signature killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea. This move is grand and vast, it is complex and ever-changing, capable of attacking and defending, Qi Xiang was renowned back in the day because of it.” Fang Yuan agreed, having a solemn expression.


 Unlimited qi sea was a rank eight killer move, it used many qi path Immortal Gu as the cores, with tens of thousands of supplementary Gu worms. It could absorb all kinds of qi in the world to increase its power.


 This killer move was quite unique, it had potential for growth on its own. After Qi Xiang created this move, he collected all sorts of qi and stored them inside the immortal aperture, increasing the power of this move.


 Thankfully, Qi Xiang had died long ago, even though unlimited qi sea was left in Qi Sea grotto-heaven, because it was too powerful and without any rank eight Gu Immortals in Qi clan, the huge quantity of qi had gradually dissipated.


 Until now, Fang Yuan was after Qi Sea grotto-heaven, it alerted Qi Sea heavenly spirit and it barely managed to activate unlimited qi sea, after so many years, it had finally been used again.


 “Even though this move is powerful, Qi Xiang had died long ago, how much power can the heavenly spirit unleash with it? Hehe.” Fang Yuan snickered, suddenly flying into the sky, straight towards the cloud sea.


 Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, she wanted to fight alongside Fang Yuan but she quickly stopped herself wisely, showing regret on her face.


 She was too weak, she could not participate in a battle of such magnitude.


 Rumble...


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the sky, the cloud sea was rumbling, after Fang Yuan went in, the waves became more turbulent, as if a tsunami had occurred in the white clouds.


 At the same time, thunderous explosions resounded endlessly.


 “Life qi, death qi, sword qi, blade qi, dusk qi, dawn qi...” Bai Ning Bing was dazzled from this view, all sorts of qi gathered into countless forms, they were like plants, blades, swords, halberds, beasts and birds, they were all gathering right outside the qi sea, before charging in towards Fang Yuan for an intense battle.


 COMMENT


 Fang Yuan initially felt huge pressure, he could barely move, but soon, he unraveled some of the mysteries of this killer move. Within the sovereign immortal aperture, his time path clone was sitting in front of wisdom Gu, using the light of wisdom to deduce the information of unlimited qi sea rapidly.


 After fighting for a while more, Fang Yuan’s brows eased as he laughed heartily, starting his counterattack.


 Everywhere he went, all sorts of obstacles were taken down and destroyed, he was unstoppable, he charged all the way until he reached the heavenly spirit.


 Qi Sea heavenly spirit had a tough requirement for ownership, Fang Yuan could not achieve it, that information was obtained from Qi Zai’s soul. Meanwhile, blood light spirit suppression could not work against a rank eight level heavenly spirit.


 Thus, Fang Yuan went ahead to kill Qi Sea heavenly spirit.


 The moment Qi Sea heavenly spirit died, the unmanned unlimited qi sea killer move immediately stopped.


 “I surrender!” Qi Ping Su’s body shivered, he was completely subdued by Fang Yuan’s overwhelming demonic aura.


 Fang Yuan looked at him coldly: “You are quite smart, alright, if you want to live, get Qi Fa and Qi Cai to surrender too. Otherwise, you can all die together.”


 “Yes, yes.” Qi Ping Su was filled with pressure, he was sent into the formation.


 Qi Fa and Qi Cai learned that Qi Sea grotto-heaven was taken down, they lost all their motivation, after some hesitation, they surrendered with pale expressions, stopping their resistance.


 And now, from the Five Xiang’s Bet, the prized rank nine killer move heaven form, the public grotto-heaven of the Five Xiangs, as well as Qi Sea grotto-heaven were all obtained by Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 1644 - Big Family Qi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qi Sea grotto-heaven.


 “Come!” Fang Yuan’s main body shouted as he stretched out his right arm, his five fingers grabbing at the unlimited qi sea in front of him.


 Immediately, an orange-yellow qi flowed out of unlimited qi sea.


 This qi was extremely special, it was shiny and lively, moving with a long trail behind it, the tip of the qi had auspicious clouds circling around it.


 This was luck qi.


 A type of immortal material.


 Unlimited qi sea had all sorts of qi in it, luck qi was one of the rarer ones. Because even in the five regions and two heavens, luck qi of such a scale was rarely seen. If a Gu Immortal could find some, they were very lucky.


 Fang Yuan was dismantling the killer move unlimited qi sea now.


 This killer move was Qi Xiang’s greatest trump card, it was similar to Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal and reverse flow protection seal, this unlimited qi sea killer move also used immortal materials, they were the myriad forms of qi that he gathered.


 The more types of qi gathered on large scales, the stronger unlimited qi sea was. Of course, not only would this move expend immortal essence, it also used up the stored qi. Even if they were not used, as time passed, these qi would naturally dissipate slowly.


 1Thus, Fang Yuan had faced the unlimited qi sea killer move earlier when it was not at its peak.


 It was the fifth day now.


 Ever since he succeeded in taking down Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he had been resting here. Two days ago, he collated all of his gains, he also made enslavement agreements with the three Qi clan Gu Immortals, Qi Ping Su, Qi Fa and Qi Cai. Some of the resources that could be moved into the sovereign immortal aperture were also dealt with by Ying Wu Xie and the rest. Meanwhile, his own focus was on the killer move unlimited qi sea.


 This was a qi path killer move, it was not usable for Fang Yuan. Dismantling it would give him a vast amount of qi, that was quite valuable. And most importantly, Fang Yuan could only deal with these Gu worms after dismantling the killer move, otherwise, if he refined them rashly, he might face the backlash of the killer move, after all, this move was complete and extraordinary.


 “I will need three more days to extract all of the qi at this rate.”


 “After that, I will refine these Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan planned inwardly.


 There were many mortal Gu worms used to construct unlimited qi sea killer move, but Fang Yuan did not really care about them.


 His focus was on the Immortal Gu.


 There were six Immortal Gu that made up this killer move, one was a rank eight Immortal Gu, called Big Qi, it was the core of the killer move.


 Other than that, there were some rank seven and six Gu worms. Fang Yuan was paying the most attention to a rank seven Immortal Gu, it was called Big Family Qi.


 This qi path Gu worm could store all sorts of qi, including the qi of tribulations!


 The final point was crucial.


 Fang Yuan had once used many small family qi Gu to store his tribulation qi and help him to pass tribulations. As an Immortal Gu, Big Family Qi had a much stronger ability in this aspect.


 “With this Immortal Gu, I will be able to store and release tribulation qi, that is a superb method to deal with tribulations.”


 “If the calamities and tribulations are powerful, I will use this Gu to absorb the tribulation qi and weaken it. If it is weak, I will release tribulation qi to allow myself to gain more dao marks in the end.”


 “Using this Gu, I can even absorb the heaven and earth qi of the outside world and store it. When the sovereign immortal aperture needs it, I can release this qi, this prevents me from needing to place my immortal aperture in order to absorb heaven and earth qi and stabilize the sovereign immortal aperture.”


 Different situations gave rise to different needs.


 It was not that a higher ranked Immortal Gu was necessarily more helpful to the Gu Immortal. In this case, rank seven Big Family Qi was much more helpful to him than rank eight Big Qi.


 Refining these qi path Immortal Gu would expend Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


 But there was no difficulty thanks to Fang Yuan’s quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level in refinement path and theft path great grandmaster attainment level, as well as great thief ghost hand and other methods


 Like what Fang Yuan anticipated, a few days later, he absorbed all of the qi here, these qi were all stored in different ways, those that Fang Yuan could not keep were sold in treasure yellow heaven directly


 Not only these qi, some of the resources inside Qi Sea grotto-heaven and the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven were sold by Fang Yuan to exchange for resources he needed.


 Normally, he traded goods for goods, there were few transactions involving immortal essence stones.


 Because Fang Yuan had advanced to rank eight, he had white litchi immortal essence now.


 One bead of white litchi immortal essence was in some sense a hundred beads of red date immortal essence, which was ten thousand beads of green grape immortal essence.


 That was to say, ten thousand immortal essence stones could be converted into one white litchi immortal essence bead, the conversion rate was simply too bad.


 Thus in most cases, rank eight Gu Immortals produced their own beads of immortal essence and stored them.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had abundant time path resources, he could produce beads of white litchi immortal essence rapidly, he did not need external replenishment from immortal essence stones. Especially when this replenishment came at such a high and inefficient cost.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation resources were mostly traded for immortal materials, because he was going to mass refine Gu now.


 Right when Fang Yuan was focusing on refining the qi path Immortal Gu, Ying Wu Xie secretly went to find him.


 He was no longer in a female body, he had changed to a body belonging to a Gu Immortal from Southern Border’s Yang clan, they had compatible soul path dao marks. In battle, Fang Yuan would also create some Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies for him to use.


 Ying Wu Xie said cautiously: “Sect leader, you have already refined all of the three Qi clan Gu Immortals’ Immortal Gu, but you returned and rented them out, that is a good way to control them. But why don’t you use it on Bai Ning Bing? Even though she is very useful to you now, that is only temporarily, your ice and snow path attainment will increase in the future. Furthermore, Bai Ning Bing possesses the killer move Bai Xiang, it is very powerful and threatening. Even if she joins Shadow Sect and undergoes the alliance agreement, she can easily break it without a problem. I might be out of line, but you seem to be too... lenient with Bai Ning Bing.”


 Fang Yuan smiled as he shook his head.


 “That is because you don’t understand her.”


 “She is a person who does not fear death. If I try that on her, she would rather die than surrender.”


 “Even though I have methods to retain most of her Immortal Gu, what is the use of that?”


 “You’ve already seen it in the battle of Reverse Flow River, I need manpower to restrain Heavenly Court’s members. With your current strength, none of you can help me in this.”


 “Bai Ning Bing who has the killer move Bai Xiang is very valuable.”


 “With her identity and circumstances, she cannot turn towards Heavenly Court. At the same time, she needs me to refine yin yang rotation Immortal Gu and restore her male body.”


 Fang Yuan had refinement path quasi-supreme attainment level while Bai Ning Bing had no confidence in refining the Immortal Gu herself!


 “We are too useless.” Ying Wu Xie lowered his head.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “I understand your other intention. I will take care of you guys and raise your battle strength.”


 In the past, Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, he had to prioritize himself. But now, he was rank eight, raising Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and the others’ battle strength was icing on the cake for Fang Yuan.


 Of course, there were other reasons. In the past, Fang Yuan had no time or energy for this, but now as a rank eight, even though he was weak against Heavenly Court, ordinary people could no longer find trouble with him, they even had to avoid him. And with Fang Yuan’s powerful methods in blocking deductions, as long as he did not go to the River of Time, he was safe.


 In such a situation, Fang Yuan could calmly strengthen his subordinates.


 He had a strong feeling that these people would be useful in the future.


 Furthermore, raising their cultivation level was easy, he could mainly use time path methods to accelerate the time in their immortal apertures. Even if they had calamities and tribulations, he could help them to pass.


 Ying Wu Xie obtained Fang Yuan’s promise and left happily.


 Next, in his free time, Fang Yuan called Hei Lou Lan over.


 “I’ll show you someone.” Fang Yuan took out the captive Gu Immortal Hei Cheng.


 1Hei Lou Lan stared with wide opened eyes, she was furious, wanting to tear Hei Cheng to pieces.


 Even though Hei Cheng was her father, they had deep hatred between them.


 Hei Lou Lan did not act out of line, she watched as Fang Yuan stored Hei Cheng back into his immortal aperture, she breathed roughly with bloodshot eyes as she gritted her teeth and said: “So Hei Cheng was in sect leader’s hands the entire time! Are you thinking of recruiting him?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, compared to him, I hold you in higher regard. As long as you cultivate hard and accumulate some contributions, I am sure you will be able to take revenge one day.”


 “I understand!” Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan, by now, she had already been far exceeded by him, this difference made her feel extremely helpless.



***
Chapter 1645 - Rank Seven Spring Autumn Cicada


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The Gu refinement was at its most crucial point.


 The huge cicada was floating in the air, about five feet from the ground.


 The cicada’s surface was not smooth, it was hairy and rough, while also having a metallic texture.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, using his killer move that had been prepared for a long time.


 Instantly, winds blew around the cicada, dark clouds rumbled in the sky, gathering into one lump and turning the surroundings dim.


 Howl howl howl...


 Amidst waves of ghostly wails and the ground that was rotting into a pale white color, dark ghost hands emerged from the ground, they were thick and menacing, grabbing at the cicada.


 The ghost hands grabbed the cicada but they were only illusory, the ghost hands moved around and took something out of the cicada before clenching into fists and retreating.


 Hundreds of dark ghost hands continued to extend from the ground, grabbing the cicada and removing the impurities from within it.


 The cicada was only a half completed product, it was unstable and became smaller as the ghost hands grabbed at it, the surface slowly became smoother as the metallic surface became sharper and brighter.


 Fang Yuan had been paying attention deeply, upon seeing this, he felt greatly satisfied.


 This method was his unique creation, it used rank eight Soul Beast Token as the core Immortal Gu.


 1“In the last few times I refined Spring Autumn Cicada, flaws appeared here, the materials were not processed properly. By doing this now, I can get rid of the impurities, but some flaws will be left behind.”


 The dark winds had stopped blowing, the dark ghost hands shrunk in number until none were left.


 The dark clouds in the sky became thicker and denser, the cicada was already half of its original size, its body was shining in a metallic light, giving off a cold feeling.


 Fang Yuan took out a huge lump of fire calmly.


 This was the rank eight immortal material phoenix song flame, it was red and yellow in color, with two layers. The outside layer was yellow while the inside was red. The inner layer was shaped like a phoenix, it flew around while singing loudly, as the flames continued to burn, it emitted a crisp and wonderful melody.


 1“Go!” Fang Yuan grunted as he tossed a basin-sized phoenix song flame onto the cicada’s surface.


 Whoosh.


 A soft sound echoed as the flames spread, surrounding the entire cicada and setting it ablaze.


 At this moment, phoenix cries resounded in the clouds.


 Next, the sounds went soft but the flames became brighter, burning the cicada intensely.


 Fang Yuan held his breath, staring at the cicada without looking away.


 Traces of ghost qi started to emerge from the cicada’s surface but they were destroyed by the flames.


 This Gu refinement step was very difficult, the precision needed was extremely high and hard to manage.


 But Fang Yuan was sufficiently calm and patient, he waited until all of the ghost qi was destroyed and the surface of the cicada melted before he started the next method without panicking.


 Dragon roars resounded, a huge dragon-shaped blizzard landed on the surface of the cicada.


 The cicada’s flames resisted it but this dragon blizzard was too huge, because it had Fang Yuan’s support, it quickly gained the upper hand and suppressed the cicada in the middle of it.


 The phoenix song flame on the cicada was very stubborn, it only dissipated after a few hours.


 Meanwhile, the dragon blizzard transformed into a piece of ice and sealed the cicada.


 Currently, the cicada had shrunk to the size of only a palm.


 When the blizzard stopped, Fang Yuan carefully retrieved the frozen cicada, next, he breathed out some warm air as the ice melted, revealing the cicada inside.


 The cicada seemed to be a work of art, it was very exquisite. Fang Yuan pinched the cicada with his fingers.


 Crack crack.


 The cicada’s surface started to crack, next, a rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada awakened and flew out.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed with joy.


 “It had not been easy!”


 “After so many failures, I’ve finally refined Spring Autumn Cicada to rank seven.”


 At this point, Fang Yuan had modified almost all of the refinement methods already. The ghost hand purification method was created by fusing great thief ghost hand killer move and Soul Beast Token. Even though this method had great effect, it would easily leave ghost qi behind. Thus, Fang Yuan chose the rank eight immortal material phoenix song flame to get rid of the ghost qi and also temper the cicada. Eventually, he used the dragon blizzard which was also not normal, it was actually a modification of the slumbering lightning python killer move.


 Refinement path had four publicly recognized strongest immortal killer moves to deal with immortal materials. One of them was slumbering lightning python.


 Fang Yuan modified it into a dragon blizzard, it suited him more and was better for the Spring Autumn Cicada refinement.


 With all these reasons, his hard work paid off in the end, Fang Yuan succeeded in obtaining rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada.


 “With rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada and my time path great grandmaster attainment level, I can totally use Spring Autumn Cicada as the core to deduce an immortal killer move and prevent getting into Heavenly Court’s trap!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered with uncertainty.


 Last time, when he entered the River of Time, he was ambushed by Heavenly Court because they had used a method to deceive Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Back then, Spring Autumn Cicada was only rank six, now it was rank seven and if he had a relevant immortal killer move, even if Heavenly Court used a rank eight method to deceive Spring Autumn Cicada, they would not succeed easily.


 “The best situation is to use rank seven Spring Autumn Cicada as the core, along with a supplementary rank eight spring Gu, to create a rank eight immortal killer move. When I enter the River of Time, I will not fear Heavenly Court’s trap while also expanding my search range.”


 Of course, the most straightforward way was to raise Spring Autumn Cicada to rank eight.


 But it was too hard.


 Currently, Fang Yuan could not refine rank eight Immortal Gu.


 On one hand, even though he had extremely high refinement path attainment level, his foundation was shaky, his refinement path methods needed practice.


 On the other hand, he lacked finances. Back then, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had expended all his wealth and the entire foundation of Snowy Mountain before he was able to try and refine rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven.


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s foundation was very deep now. Not to mention his countless fortuitous encounters, just his wealth after extorting the Southern Border experts and the inheritance of the Five Xiangs, it could be said that his foundation rivaled some super forces now.


 1He had many Immortal Gu, even though he lost the incomplete Immortal Gu House, he still had dozens of them left. He had ample cultivation resources too of varying types, he did not just focus on one path.


 The only shortcoming was his weak subordinates.


 When Hei Lou Lan and the others reached rank seven, along with the three enslaved Qi clan Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would finally match a true super force! Even though he could not compare to Southern Border’s Wu clan or Western Desert’s Fang clan, he would still be first rate, surpassing ordinary super forces, leagues above Chu Du’s Chu tribe.


 “I can give some rank six and seven resources to Ying Wu Xie and the rest.”


 “Other than nurturing them, I need to refine Immortal Gu next!”


 Most of the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan was using extensively were still at rank six.


 For example, Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Strength Qi, Unravel Mystery, Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Luck Inspection, Connect Luck, Time Luck...


 And most importantly for now, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, and day Gu.


 If he raised the ranks of these three time path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s battle strength in terms of time path would surge greatly.


 His current focus was truly on time path.


 Even though sword path, soul path, wisdom path, and others had huge room for improvement, when he fought in the River of Time, he would need time path methods.


 “It is a pity that Lang Ya Sect went to Longevity Heaven, my refinement path methods still need lots of work. If those hairy man Gu Immortals can help me refine Gu, I can save a lot of time and energy.”


 Fang Yuan expressed deep regret towards this.


 He had made use of Lang Ya Sect too conveniently in the past, now that they were gone, he had to work hard and expend great effort, even though Fang Yuan did not mind the trouble, too much of his time was used, he was no longer as free as before.


 “And refining Gu has a problem, the success rate!”


 The refinement to raise an Immortal Gu’s rank had low success rate, the higher the rank, the higher the chances of failure.


 Fang Yuan wanted to refine rank seven Gu, it would be harder than creating rank six.


 Once he fails, the original rank six Immortal Gu might even be destroyed, in that case, he would need to start over and refine the rank six before trying for seven again. If the Immortal Gu is refined by someone else during the period of its destruction, he would truly lose everything.



***
Chapter 1646 - Fang Zheng’s Immortal Ascension


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent.


 The sky was dark and gloomy, there was no wind.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng stood at a mountain peak, looking at the sky, he felt a bit of nervousness thinking about his upcoming immortal ascension tribulation.


 Sensing his emotion, Fang Zheng laughed to himself, thinking: “Why am I nervous? Immortal Crane Sect should be the nervous one, or rather, the Heavenly Court behind them.”


 “On the surface, there is only one rank six Gu Immortal in charge of guarding my ascension, but there must be many eyes watching me in secret, with these people around, what is there to worry about?”


 Even though Fang Zheng did not know why Central Continent wanted to support him, he had confirmed that he was valuable and of use to them.


 1In the past, he would not accept being a pawn like this. Back in Qing Mao Mountain, Fang Yuan had hinted that he was used by his uncle and aunt as the tool to fight for the inheritance, this made Fang Zheng very angry.


 But now, Fang Zheng no longer felt anger towards this.


 In the last decade or so, Fang Zheng had experienced the war in Lang Ya blessed land’s three continents. In order to nurture the most elite hairy man Gu Immortals, the black haired land spirit disregarded the price and made the hairy men of the three continent fight in an intense war, Fang Zheng was implicated.


 Surrounded by schemes and plots, bloodshed and war, Fang Zheng had made use of people, and was also made use of.


 He gradually understood that sometimes, becoming someone’s pawn and being used was not a bad thing. At the very least, it proved his worth. If a person did not have value to even be a tool, then he was in danger, he would be discarded like a faulty tool.


 1Of course, even though Fang Zheng had rank five Gu Master strength, he also had experiences of being abandoned and betrayed. As a human living among the hairy men, it was natural to be ostracized and isolated.


 “We can begin.” At this time, Fan Xi Liu’s voice resounded in Fang Zheng’s ears.


 Fan Xi Liu had rank six cultivation level, he was sent over by Immortal Crane Sect to help Fang Zheng undergo tribulation.


 Fang Zheng nodded, he calmed down and looked inside him.


 His aperture was quickly seen, it was filled with primeval essence that showed his A grade talent, but his walls were filled with cracks. Anyone would feel nervous upon seeing it, after all, the aperture was the basis of a Gu Master’s cultivation. With so many cracks, it was definitely a severe issue!


 Fang Zheng was relatively calm now, his nervousness had vanished.


 In fact, during a battle in Lang Ya blessed land, he had used a forbidden technique while in a desperate situation, even though he survived, his aperture was severely damaged and filled with cracks, his A grade aptitude fell to B grade.


 Fang Zheng was saved by Feng Jiu Ge, after returning to Central Continent, his injuries in the aperture were healed, he returned to having A grade aptitude. But the cracks in his aperture walls still remained, it was not that Heavenly Court could not heal him, but they left those for him to undergo his immortal ascension tribulation more easily.


 Fang Zheng observed his aperture, he had once felt extremely proud of his A grade talent, but after these life experiences, he no longer cared about aptitude so greatly. Right now, his gaze was stuck at the cracks in his aperture.


 To him, these were his achievements, he had gained these wounds from bloodshed and war, it was his glory.


 “Goodbye, my aperture.” Fang Zheng muttered.


 As he willed, the primeval essence in his aperture surged and crashed into the surrounding walls.


 There were cracks in his aperture to begin with, it was not sturdy, soon, the cracks intensified as holes formed.


 The complete aperture finally connected to the outside world, a mysterious power was forming.


 This power drew in the heaven and earth qi of the outside world, at once, dark clouds rumbled in the sky, the earth was shaking, dust clouds were forming.


 At the same time, a formless heavenly power held up Fang Zheng and allowed him to float into the sky.


 “Heaven’s will!” Fan Xi Liu who was watching in concealment sensed abundant heaven’s will.


 Fang Zheng’s tribulation had drawn the attention of heaven’s will, far beyond normal!


 The calamities and tribulations started forming, a large amount of blood qi was converted from the heaven and earth qi, the dark clouds in the sky were quickly dyed red, the scale was huge, they could be seen from an enormous distance.


 “Blood path tribulation...” Joy flashed in Fan Xi Liu’s eyes, the blood path tribulation was what the higher-ups wanted to see.


 Fang Zheng’s aura started to spread out.


 This was his human qi.


 Every person had their own human qi, the scale was decided based on their foundation, talent, and abilities.


 Fan Xi Liu observed Fang Zheng carefully, soon, he had a look of surprise on his face.


 Fang Zheng’s human qi was extremely dense, it showed how much life experiences and foundation he possessed.


 1Heaven qi was raining down while earth qi was bubbling up, both intertwined in the air with human qi.


 Fang Zheng had a solemn expression, he tried to control the three qi and balance them.


 The three qi had just started interacting and now was the best time to get used to controlling them. Fang Zheng had received Fan Xi Liu’s guidance, he was aware of this.


 But at this time, the calamities and tribulations were completed, a large amount of rain fell.


 These raindrops were all blood droplets, they were extremely bloody. As the blood rained down, white fog started to appear in the air. The white fog was quickly dyed red by the rain, turning the entire mountain into an eerie red color.


 Fang Zheng started to undergo tribulation. He put up his defenses and activated Gu worms to resist the blood rain.


 At this time, whenever he used a Gu worm, he would suffer a backlash. Soon, his Gu worms died from the backlash.


 This was also why Gu Masters would often lose all of their Gu worms after immortal ascension.


 But Fang Zheng was supported by Heavenly Court and had deep preparation, he did not lack Gu worms.


 He calmed down and defended himself, not panicking.


 During Lang Ya blessed land’s wars, he had experienced far more dangerous situations, he was adequately prepared for this.


 Fan Xi Liu was much more nervous than Fang Zheng.


 He stared at Fang Zheng without blinking.


 Rank five Gu Masters usually had a lot of difficulty in their immortal ascension. Because they not only had to deal with the calamities and tribulations, but also control the three qi and maintain balance between them.


 “I can help you to block this blood rain tribulation for a while, but the balancing of the three qi will depend on you, Fang Zheng! Before the tribulation, I had given you ample training, you cannot fail at the crucial moment.” Fan Xi Liu thought to himself as he started to disrupt the blood clouds, affecting their size and influence.


 Even though this blood rain tribulation was huge, it was not too overbearing, it seems that heaven’s will had done this intentionally.


 Fang Zheng’s tribulation was peaceful, be it internally or externally.


 1The three qi fused properly, scenes of the past flashed in his mind as his body became tempered and elevated.


 Next, during the heaven and earth resonance, he entered the most crucial moment of this immortal ascension. During this period, he could gain natural inspiration and communicate with heaven and earth.


 This communication was extremely beneficial to any Gu Master.


 Fang Zheng realized at this moment that blood path really suited himself.


 Time passed, the three qi condensed and formed into a lump of qi.


 Fang Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, he breathed in deeply and tossed a rank five blood path Gu into the lump of qi.


 Boom!


 A shocking sound exploded around him, the qi lump burst out and turned into an immortal aperture.


 Instantly, Fang Zheng’s mind became blank, he was completely defenseless at this moment.


 A moment later, he regained his senses, he started to put his vital Gu and important Gu worms into his immortal aperture. The first one he put in was blood revenge Immortal Gu of course, followed by a large number of blood path mortal Gu.


 Within the immortal aperture, the three qi were conditioned and balanced, the world gradually stabilized.


 He obviously gained a high grade blessed land!


 There was also a lot of heaven and earth qi remaining.


 Fang Zheng was overjoyed, these heaven and earth qi could raise his vital blood path mortal Gu into an Immortal Gu!


 Even though this was dangerous and there would be following calamity or tribulation, Fang Zheng was courageous enough to choose this option.


 “Fang Zheng, quickly let me in, I will help you with the tribulation!” Fan Xi Liu transmitted.


 “Hmm?” Fang Zheng frowned, showing displeasure. The immortal aperture was the most private area of the Gu Immortal, Fan Xi Liu was infringing on it, Fang Zheng felt a sense of anger.


 But immediately, Fang Zheng relaxed his brows, he opened the immortal aperture door and said plainly: “Sure, Fan Xi Liu, please enter.”


 Fan Xi Liu was surprised, Fang Zheng had just become an immortal, the process was not over yet but he had already changed his manner of speech with such a natural attitude.


 “However, Heavenly Court seems be nurturing Fang Zheng greatly for the sake of dealing with Fang Yuan. I am actually quite envious of him.”


 Several hours later, Fang Zheng’s tribulation was passed, Fan Xi Liu’s envy rose again.


 It was because Fang Zheng’s vital Gu was successfully refined into his second blood path Immortal Gu.


 Cold blood Immortal Gu!


 Several days later, Immortal Crane Sect announced to the Gu Immortal world that Fang Zheng succeeded in his immortal ascension, he was once harmed by the vicious demon Fang Yuan, he was saved luckily and would now become one of the main forces of dealing with the demon Fang Yuan.


 COMMENT


 Due to Heavenly Court’s intentional propagation, news spread throughout the five regions, Fang Yuan’s reputation was hit, his situation of being deserted by family and kin was highlighted, while Heavenly Court promoted its own magnanimity.


 1Several days later.


 “Spirit Affinity Fairy, goodbye.” Above the clouds, Fan Xi Liu smiled as he spoke to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled: “Thanks for hosting.”


 She heard that Fang Zheng succeeded in his tribulation so she came to visit him. Unfortunately, Fang Zheng was not meeting anyone, he was hidden by Immortal Crane Sect.


 Fan Xi Liu did not dare to be rude to Zhao Lian Yun, she was the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, even though she had rank six cultivation level, she controlled rank nine love Gu.


 1Fan Xi Liu assured: “I will definitely pass your gift to Fang Zheng personally.”


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded as she thanked him and flew away.



***
Chapter 1647 - Joint Suppression


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Zheng blessed land.


 His space path and time path resources were higher than normal, this was a high grade blessed land.


 The terrain of the blessed land was mostly flat, but across some distance, there would be several tall erected mountains.


 Fang Zheng’s focus was currently fully on a valley.


 This valley was covered in weird rugged rocks, it was completely blood red. Upon entering it, one would notice that the valley was filled with blood flower trees.


 There were tens of thousands of such trees, they were different from ordinary trees, they bore fruits before flowers. The fruits were the size of a baby’s fist, round and smooth. The flowering only took an instant as the fruit shell would explode into a huge flower that was white and red. The flower was white at the base while the core of the flower resembled splattered blood. Each of these blood flowers had different colors and shapes.


 In Central Continent, there was once a time where Gu Masters cultivated these blood flower trees on large scales. Each time they bloomed, the scene would be grand. There were even huge ceremonies just to lure these Gu Masters to see them. But later, blood path was created and caused great problems to the world, blood flower trees were a basic Gu material in blood path, they were banned from being planted.


 Fang Zheng’s blood flower trees were all provided by Immortal Crane Sect, or more accurately, by Fan Xi Liu as a proxy.


 This was the trick of the righteous path, Fang Zheng was already used to it, feeling no surprise.


 In the current five regions, blood path was outlawed by the righteous path, but ironically, the ones who truly researched blood path were these righteous path forces.


 “These blood flower trees are all mortal Gu materials, but as long as their numbers go up, I can use them in huge quantities, they will be equivalent to immortal materials. This is blood path’s most unique advantage!”


 “These blood flower trees that I have are also a source of immortal materials in a way.”


 “But now, I already have rank six blood path Immortal Gu Cold Blood and Blood Revenge, they need mortal blood path Gu to supplement them and form immortal killer moves.”


 Fang Zheng understood that his focus now was to refine blood path mortal Gu and practice the blood path immortal killer move that Fan Xi Liu imparted him.


 Because he had just ascended, the immortal aperture was very different from his original aperture, he needed time to adapt to it.


 After looking for a while, Fang Zheng retracted his attention to the real world.


 The joy and feeling of achievement from looking at his immortal aperture slowly faded, they were replaced by a feeling of pressure in his mind.


 “Fang Yuan...” Back in the real world, Fang Zheng could not help but think of his brother.


 These last days, he had not only undergone his immortal ascension, he had also obtained information about Fang Yuan from Fan Xi Liu. The information was much more detailed than what circulated in the outside world, it was from Heavenly Court.


 Fang Zheng learned about Fang Yuan’s situation, as for the fact that Fang Yuan did not die, he had known that when he was saved and returned to Central Continent. But strangely, when he learned the truth, he did not feel any rage from being deceived.


 In contrast, the more he learned, the more sadness he felt in his heart.


 “It turns out, I have never truly understood you... Fang Yuan.”


 “Otherworldly demon... Spring Autumn Cicada... rank eight cultivation level...”


 1The more he knew, the more minuscule he felt, the more he could feel Fang Yuan’s terrifying strength!


 Thinking that he had to face such a person in the future, he felt a bit of depression and also a hint of despair.


 He faced the despair deep in his heart.


 He did not deny it or try to avoid it.


 Humans often said that a youth knows no fear, when one is young, they fear nothing and have strong drive and motivation. But after a person experiences a lot, they would learn about their own fears. Tigers would eat people, tiger claws would harm people, one’s own strength was not as strong as they think.


 Imagination was wonderful, but only after facing reality would one feel pain, understanding the world and themselves during this painful process.


 “When I was a rank five Gu Master, I was engaged in the hairy man war in Lang Ya blessed land, I lived a difficult life wandering about.”


 “But now as a Gu Immortal, I am stuck between Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court, becoming a pawn. Even though my strength has grown greatly, my freedom has dwindled, I am facing greater danger now, I can die if any mishaps occur.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Zheng smiled bitterly to himself.


 Even now, he did not know what value he had for Heavenly Court to put so much focus on him.


 Soon, he thought of Zhao Lian Yun.


 When he ascended, he received some congratulatory gifts. This was the custom of the five regions, whenever a Gu Master becomes an immortal, their friends and family, or even the forces they were friendly with, would send them gifts.


 Fang Zheng’s gifts mostly came from Immortal Crane Sect, Zhao Lian Yun’s one was quite memorable as a result.


 From Immortal Crane Sect’s information, Fang Zheng gained a deep understanding of Zhao Lian Yun.


 “You are also an otherworldly demon, although not completely.”


 “You looked for me so proactively, I assume you want to join up and deal with Fang Yuan...”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s gifts included a letter that expressed her goodwill, but she did not say much. Fang Zheng could tell what she wanted from her subtle words.


 Zhao Lian Yun gave him one of the cultivation methods for growing a blood type plant resource, it suited Fang Zheng. She even described her own cultivation experiences, Fang Zheng was very mindful of a certain paragraph.


 “In Gu Immortal cultivation, combat is the path of domination, while immortal aperture management is the path of supremacy, the two are complementary and necessary. Without enough battle strength and dominance, no matter how well the immortal aperture is developed, one will only get bullied, they will hand over their hard earned spoils to others. But if one has great battle strength and lacking immortal aperture foundation, they will be like a blazing flame, only able to stay lit for some time, when they run out of firewood, they would only end up as smoke.”


 Fang Zheng nodded to himself, thinking: “Other than this, her descriptions of the calamities and tribulations are also very useful. I can see that this Zhao Lian Yun is very sincere, it is a pity that Immortal Crane Sect is not allowing us to meet, what a pity indeed! Don’t you think so, Fang Yuan?”


 Saying so, Fang Zheng’s gaze froze.


 In his early years, he was accompanied by his master Lord Sky Crane, inside Lang Ya blessed land, he was together with Fang Yuan’s fake will. But now, in Central Continent, he was alone.


 Unknowingly, Fang Zheng had gotten used to accompaniment.


 “Without you, I am not used to it...” Fang Zheng shook his head and smiled bitterly, an indescribable sense of loneliness permeated in his heart.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled in joy: “Fang Zheng has become a Gu Immortal, but he needs to raise his cultivation level to become a useful counter against Fang Yuan.”


 Fairy Zi Wei knew about Zhao Lian Yun’s intention. After all, even though Ma Hong Yun died, his soul was still kept by Fang Yuan.


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned: “The true problem is still Fang Yuan himself.”


 Ever since Fang Yuan broke out of the River of Time’s encirclement, he had vanished, no longer appearing in public.


 Fairy Zi Wei would prefer that he went around scavenging for resources. At least in that case, he would leave behind many traces and she would deduce many useful things, and even find a way to break his wisdom path defenses.


 In Fairy Zi Wei’s view, Fang Yuan was very strong in battle strength, but the more terrifying thing was his management skills. Every time he stayed secluded for a while, he would experience a huge rise in strength, his speed of progress was simply very shocking.


 This was the result of his skillful management.


 Because he had such a sturdy foundation, it could support his terrifying growth in battle strength.


 “Right now, Spectral Soul is slowly losing his control, we are getting more and more information that is of high importance.”


 “In the River of Time, the time path Immortal Gu House has been repaired, we have four in total now. The earlier time path formation needs to be modified further.”


 “At the same time, we cannot let Fang Yuan live comfortably, I should contact Wu Yong.”


 Some days later.


 Intense winds blew.


 Fang Yuan pushed forward with his palm, the strong force of the killer move went into the immortal aperture’s entrance and permeated Lou Lan blessed land.


 Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation was destroyed instantly.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes twitched slightly but her expression was unchanging. She stood in her immortal aperture as she thanked Fang Yuan, who was outside.


 “No need to thank me.” Fang Yuan looked at Lou Lan blessed land, it was quite poor, it could not be compared with the sovereign immortal aperture. Even though Hei Lou Lan had high aptitude, she had never truly developed her immortal aperture properly.


 This was what Fang Yuan wanted.


 He could give Hei Lou Lan cultivation resources, she had to rely on him for this, it was a form of control over her.


 In fact, Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest were all in similar situations.


 1“Quickly leave, my wisdom path methods can only block them for some time, moreover, each time, the tribulations will greatly influence my methods.” Fang Yuan urged.


 “Okay.” Hei Lou Lan nodded, she did not dare to be careless, quickly storing her immortal aperture and entering the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to leave immediately, Wu Yong and the rest who came at full speed failed to catch him.


 “Damn it! He escaped again.”


 “This lingering aura, someone underwent tribulation again...”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, some were furious, some were solemn, while some were fearful.


 “This is the fourth one... evidently, Fang Yuan is helping his lackeys undergo tribulation to raise their cultivation levels. If this continues, the situation will not be good.”


 COMMENT


 Wu Yong had a grim expression, a cold light flashed in his eyes as he said slowly: “Fang Yuan has Fixed Immortal Travel, he can escape rapidly, we can only set up many Beacon Towers and work together in treasure yellow heaven to restrict his businesses and reduce his profits. Eventually, this will become our advantage.”


 Jade light flickered in Qi Sea grotto-heaven as Fang Yuan appeared out of nowhere.


 “We are safe for now.”


 “They are starting to target my businesses in treasure yellow heaven...” Fang Yuan snickered.


 He did feel pressure, but because he had recently devoured the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven and Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he gained a vast amount of resources, even if his businesses were suppressed, there was no issue.


 But this was obviously Heavenly Court and Southern Border working together, if he allowed them to continue, Fang Yuan would not be able to endure it.


 He had obtained a lot of resources from the Southern Border Gu Immortal captives, but precisely because they knew about these resources, they could target these businesses efficiently.


 “I need to think of a plan.” Fang Yuan gaze flickered with consideration.



***
Chapter 1648 - Conflict Between Miao and Ren


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea.


 Swish swish swish!


 Waves crashed onto the rocks by the island shore, bursting into white bubbles upon impact.


 Wicked winds howled, the sky was dark.


 This uninhibited island was not eye-catching in the huge Eastern Sea, but it actually hid four Gu Immortals.


 “Ren Xiu Ping, you are too much!” Miao Ming Shen shouted angrily with bloodshot eyes, he was injured, expressing intense anger and hatred in his eyes.


 He was a famous lone cultivator in Eastern Sea, having rank seven cultivation level and cultivating space path, he had a method to increase the size of immortal apertures. He did that as a way of living, expanding the immortal apertures of many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, he was quite popular.


 Miao Ming Shen was neither tall nor short, neither fat nor thin. In terms of appearance, he looked ordinary, only his flat and wide nose left a heavy impression on others.


 In terms of appearance, he was unassuming. But he was an ambitious person, being very good at building relationships, he had a lot of charisma. Three Eastern Sea lone immortals, Immortal Hua Die, Feng Jiang, and Gui Qi Ye all looked to Miao Ming Shen as their leader, the four were a group of Gu Immortals with common interests.


 But now, Gui Qi Ye was unconscious, his body was covered in a poisonous purple color, he was in great danger.


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die who were standing beside Miao Ming Shen were in bad states too, they had evidently gotten injured from a serious battle.


 “Lord Miao Ming Shen, what do we do? Gui Qi Ye was hit by the ice poison starfish, we do not have the way to heal him.” Immortal Hua Die was very worried.


 Not long ago, the four of them had fallen for Ren Xiu Ping’s plot.


 Ren Xiu Ping had rank seven peak cultivation level and was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he wanted to assassinate Miao Ming Shen using the ice poison starfish. But at the crucial moment, Gui Qi Ye blocked this fatal attack for Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen reacted and quickly brought the unconscious Gui Qi Ye, as well as Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die, out of the trap through a fierce battle.


 Feng Jiang’s expression was cold as ice: “The ice poison starfish might have a troublesome poison, but I’ve heard that Su Chen and Fairy Jiu Yue can heal it.”


 Su Chen was a member of the super force Su clan, he specialized in healing and was famous in Eastern Sea, he was quite a kind person.


 Meanwhile, Fairy Jiu Yue was a lone cultivator, she was cold and aloof, the price was high if they wanted to get her help.


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head: “I am not going to turn to these two. Su Chen is from Su clan, while Fairy Jiu Yue has some relationship with Ren Xiu Ping, others might not know but I am certain of this. I am highly suspicious that Fairy Jiu Yue might be a trap set by that old scoundrel Ren Xiu Ping!”


 “Ah? Then...” Immortal Hua Die did not know what to say.


 Miao Ming Shen smiled forcefully: “Have you forgotten? Ice poison starfish’s poison can be removed with underworld yellow water.”


 Feng Jiang stared with wide eyes: “Underworld yellow water is a rank eight immortal material, even in Eastern Sea it is very rare, lord, you have it?”


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head: “Of course not, I am going to use the extreme time pole to exchange for it.”


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die understood at once.


 Extreme time pole was a rank eight time path immortal material, Miao Ming Shen had obtained it long ago, he could not bear to sell it. Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die knew this.


 Immortal Hua Die’s expression changed, she said with pity: “Extreme time pole is an extremely rare rank eight time path immortal material, why don’t we use other rank eight immortal materials to exchange for the underworld yellow water.”


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head again: “Rank eight immortal materials are usually exclusively traded with each other. If I use other things to request for the underworld yellow water, others will not want to exchange it for my immortal material, and even if someone wants my rank eight immortal material, they might not have underworld yellow water.”


 “But now, you all know that Heavenly Court and Southern Border are trying to stop Fang Yuan from doing his business, they are also gathering time path immortal materials and buying them out. Time path immortal materials are now very high in demand, the price is rising sharply. Heavenly Court has a deep foundation, they definitely have underworld yellow water. I will definitely get it if I offer the extreme time pole.”


 “Lord...” Feng Jiang was hesitant, he remembered that Miao Ming Shen had almost died when he obtained this extreme time pole, he paid a huge price.


 Miao Ming Shen laughed loudly, patting Feng Jiang’s shoulder: “How can I let him die in front of me? So what if I have to give up the extreme time pole?”


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die were very moved, they did not follow the wrong leader after all!


 As expected, the situation went as Miao Ming Shen predicted, once his extreme time pole appeared, Heavenly Court took notice and the two sides soon traded, Miao Ming Shen obtained a huge amount of underworld yellow water.


 He used the underworld yellow water to cleanse Gui Qi Ye’s body, he used just the right amount, after all, this water was also corrosive on an undefended Gu Immortal body.


 After meticulously cleansing him, the ice poison starfish’s poison was fully neutralized.


 Not long ago, Gui Qi Ye woke up and opened his eyes.


 After learning that Miao Ming Shen had paid such a huge price to save him, he felt extremely moved.


 However, he was not an expressive person, he kept his gratitude inside him and said to Miao Ming Shen: “Lord, that old scoundrel Ren Xiu Ping suddenly attacked us, he must be after the blue dragon whale.”


 1Miao Ming Shen sighed: “I think so too, Ren Xiu Ping had always wanted to work together and enter the blue dragon whale to excavate the hidden Paradise Earth true inheritance. But his price is simply not sincere. This time, he actually attacked us, I was truly caught unguarded. What idea do you have, tell me.”


 Gui Qi Ye nodded: “Lord, you know the blue dragon whale’s location, this secret has already been exposed, it is too hard to guard this secret anymore. We should invite people to explore the blue dragon whale instead. When we gain the inheritance inside and increase our strength, we can deal with that Ren Xiu Ping. Otherwise, with our strength now, we cannot defeat that guy. He also has a bunch of lone immortals helping him, as a crafty person, once he senses something amiss, he might spread the news and lure more people to us!”


 Miao Ming Shen’s gaze flickered: “Instead of waiting for that to happen and letting Ren Xiu Ping gather his people, we should seek reinforcements now. This idea is good, it is our only choice. It is a pity, if I had rank eight cultivation level, we would be able to explore it ourselves.”


 Gui Qi Ye added: “Lord, we need to choose our reinforcements carefully.”


 Miao Ming Shen nodded, he looked at the three immortals, asking: “Of course I know, what recommendations do you have?”


 The three immortals gave their suggestions.


 Miao Ming Shen nodded at times while shaking his head occasionally, he chose a few of them that were suitable, and eliminated some more from among them for safety.


 The most important thing was dependability.


 But this way, they had few people, even if they worked together, they could not break the first hurdle, they would not be able to enter the blue dragon whale’s inner world.


 At this time, Immortal Hua Die voiced: “I have a suggestion, does lord remember this person called Chu Ying?”


 “Chu Ying.” Miao Ming Shen’s eyes shined: “Brilliant, this person has rank seven cultivation level and cultivates transformation path, he even has grudges with Ren Xiu Ping. But he is truly too secretive, I have not found any more information on him since then...”


 Saying this, he showed hesitation again.



***
Chapter 1649 - Regret


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Paradise Earth’s true inheritance?” Within Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan received Miao Ming Shen’s letter, inviting him to join the exploration of the blue dragon whale.


 A light of pondering flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Miao Ming Shen had actually clashed with Ren Xiu Ping, he decided to explore the blue dragon whale ahead of time, this was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 In the memories of the five hundred years of his previous life, this was too early.


 “Maybe it was because of the increasing influence of my rebirth, Miao Ming Shen and Ren Xiu Ping’s conflict turned out earlier than expected.”


 “Maybe the five hundred years of memories were tampered with to begin with. After all, heaven’s will was lurking inside Spring Autumn Cicada, it could act very easily if it wanted to.”


 “There is another possibility, Heavenly Court plotted and deduced my relationship with Miao Ming Shen, so they used this chance to deal with me.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan calmed his mind and closed his eyes, starting his deduction.


 A while later, he opened his eyes, gaining his conclusion: “With all the clues that I have, there is little possibility that Heavenly Court planned this against me, it seems I have to go Eastern Sea now.”


 Right now in the five regions, Northern Plains and Central Continent had Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, they were extremely dangerous for Fang Yuan. For the remaining three regions, Fang Yuan was most familiar with Southern Border. Especially since he had stayed in Wu clan for some time, and had captured many Southern Border Gu Immortals, he knew a lot of information about their super forces.


 There was another reason, Shadow Sect’s headquarters were set in Southern Border, they had the most operations in Southern Border with many natural immortal formations set up in secret. These were all hidden and unexposed.


 With many of the above reasons, Fang Yuan chose to stay in Southern Border.


 Even when Hei Lou Lan and the rest underwent tribulation, they were in Southern Border.


 Even though the five regions had different heaven and earth qi, forcefully undergoing tribulation outside the home region would harm the immortal aperture, but Fang Yuan did not want them to develop their apertures well anyway. He took care of their cultivation resources, it gave him great control over them.


 During this period of time, Fang Yuan had already refined the many Immortal Gu from Qi Sea grotto-heaven, they were usable to him now.


 The resources in Qi Sea grotto-heaven and the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven were also starting to be absorbed.


 The remaining rank nine killer move heaven form was very stubborn, it resisted Fang Yuan’s refinement. But he was still making progress, in time, he would definitely be able to use it.


 Fang Yuan was troubled now because his businesses in treasure yellow heaven were obstructed by Heavenly Court and Southern Border’s righteous path, they succeeded in becoming an obstacle for his economic profits.


 Fang Yuan thought of many ways to compete with them, but the results were not good.


 Be it Central Continent’s Heavenly Court or Southern Border’s righteous path, they were rich and had deep foundations, Fang Yuan’s capital could not match them.


 The easiest way to solve this problem was to engage in a monopoly business like guts Gu. But that required countless guts Gu, Fang Yuan lacked souls, even though Dang Hun Mountain was repaired, the production could not be raised.


 His plan in green ghost desert had fallen through, if he had succeeded, right now against Southern Border and Central Continent, he would not have any problems.


 Qing Chou had gone missing, while the rest of the Western Desert super forces were now finding trouble with Fang clan, they had a hard time raising their statuses.


 Fang Yuan had thought of using Fang clan, but he had reservations about this, because his Suan Bu Jin identity was already exposed by Heavenly Court.


 His decision to plan for green ghost desert was correct in hindsight. It was a pity that the situation turned out quite different from his expected results.


 This way, Fang Yuan’s income started to dwindle. And worse was that Central Continent’s Heavenly Court was buying all the time path immortal materials they could find.


 As long as there were time path immortal materials, Heavenly Court would basically pay them whatever they wanted. During this time in treasure yellow heaven, time path immortal materials were extremely popular.


 This was problematic for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s income had already fallen, he wanted to refine time path Immortal Gu to raise his battle strength in the River of Time, but now, Heavenly Court was oppressively stopping him.


 Heavenly Court had been created since the Remote Antiquity Era, after countless years of accumulation, how could Fang Yuan contest them?


 Fang Yuan’s improvement in time path was very marginal, while Heavenly Court obtained a lot of time path immortal materials, they might even be able to refine a fifth Immortal Gu House.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan’s hopes of obtaining Red Lotus’ true inheritance were dwindling.


 “I need a lot of time path immortal materials to refine time path Immortal Gu. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was an earth path venerable, the Paradise Earth true inheritance inside the blue dragon whale might not have many time path immortal materials. But even so, I must go!”


 This was an uncertainty, nobody could say what he would gain.


 Even if there were no time path immortal materials, the Paradise Earth true inheritance was definitely going to have some good things.


 “Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin is the current generation inheritor of Paradise Earth, if I can obtain this Paradise Earth true inheritance, I might gain a way to deal with him.”


 “The more important thing is that according to my memories, the blue dragon whale seems to contain the rank eight Immortal Gu Regret! In my previous life, Miao Ming Shen explored many times and did not obtain Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, but he still gained a lot. Because there were many participating Gu Immortals, rumors of Immortal Gu Regret spread out.”


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable used Immortal Gu Regret as the core to create an immortal killer move famous throughout history — Regret and Repent. Using this move, he caused many demonic path Gu Immortals to change sides and realize their mistakes, they turned from evil to kind. This move had incredible achievements.


 Immortal Gu Regret was naturally a wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 Wisdom path had three elements of thoughts, wills, and emotions. Immortal Gu Regret was part of the emotion branch, because future Gu Immortals created a small path known as emotion path, Immortal Gu Regret was also part of emotion path.


 In the long history of humanity, Immortal Gu Regret had appeared many times, sometimes rank six or rank seven, held in the hands of Gu Immortals of the five regions. When it went into Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s hands, it seemed to have been refined to rank eight for the first time. Afterwards, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable also obtained rank eight Immortal Gu Regret.


 Fang Yuan had investigated deeply into Immortal Gu Regret.


 Because he wanted to recreate Regret Pool.


 Speaking of which, other than tributaries of the River of Time, Immortal Gu Regret was the core of Immortal Gu House Regret Pool.


 But unfortunately, back then in Eastern Sea, the Regret Pool left behind was half-complete, it did not have Immortal Gu Regret.


 “If this Paradise Earth true inheritance has rank eight Immortal Gu Regret, with this Gu, I will be able to replicate a portion of Regret Pool’s power, it will help in refining Gu!”


 This was what moved Fang Yuan the most.


 In fact, Regret Pool was part of Fang Yuan’s plans. He had extorted Southern Border’s righteous path and painstakingly created the incomplete Immortal Gu House, he had some anticipation towards this. Unfortunately, the incomplete Immortal Gu House was destroyed in the River of Time, Fang Yuan could not retrieve any of the Gu worms.


 Several days passed in an instant.


 Eastern Sea.


 Miao Ming Shen looked around, he was surrounded by eight Gu Immortals.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was among them.


 “Everyone.” Miao Ming Shen said solemnly: “I have already explained the details of this expedition, I gave you all some time to consider. This is my first trip too, the risks are unknown, we might possibly die. If anyone wants to give up now, you can leave. I will definitely not stop anyone, I understand from the bottom of my heart.”


 Sea winds roared by everyone’s ears.


 Miao Ming Shen looked around again, nobody moved.


 Paradise Earth’s true inheritance was too valuable, even though there were few earth path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea, with only one earth path Gu Immortal among everyone here, nobody wanted to give up.


 Humans die for wealth and birds die for food.


 Furthermore, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the kindest venerable in history, he had never harmed a single person’s life, his immortal inheritances were also known to be safe.


 If anyone gave up this chance, they would be a fool!


 “Alright, since everyone wants to join, let’s make the alliance agreement.” Miao Ming Shen was very excited.


 For this trip, he had made ample preparations.


 “Zeng Luo Zi, please go ahead.” Miao Ming Shen cupped his fists as he spoke.


 Zeng Luo Zi stepped forward.


 He wore a white robe and had a skinny face, he had convex cheekbones and his eye bags were deep, bright light shined in his eyes.


 He cultivated information path and was rank seven, Miao Ming Shen had talked to him long ago, he immediately said now: “This is the alliance agreement that we are going to set, everyone, take a look.”


 Zeng Luo Zi said that as many Gu Immortals shook, looking slightly surprised.


 It turned out that the alliance agreement’s information appeared in their minds at the same time.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s action was a show of strength, affirming his superior status among the group.


 This Paradise Earth true inheritance expedition had just started but the Gu Immortals were already starting to compete between one another in the dark.



***
Chapter 1650 - Chu Ying’s Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Miao Ming Shen’s expression did not change, but his eyes were carefully observing.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s action was part of his arrangements, he wanted to collect more valuable information.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s information path attainment was impressive even to Miao Ming Shen. With Zeng Luo Zi’s move, Miao Ming Shen observed everyone and gained quite some insight.


 “We have eight people, other than myself, Gui Qi Ye, Feng Jiang, and Immortal Hua Die, there are also Zeng Luo Zi, Tu Tou Tuo, Tong Hua, and Chu Ying.”


 Other than Zeng Luo Zi and Miao Ming Shen, Tong Hua and Tu Tou Tuo were also expressionless.


 The rest had some sort of change in their expression at least.


 Miao Ming Shen trusted Gui Qi Ye, Feng Jiang, and Immortal Hua Die the most, but in this trip, he did not inform them about this, so their reactions were genuine.


 Miao Ming Shen had lots of interaction with Zeng Luo Zi, Tu Tou Tuo, and Tong Hua, he knew about their background, they were all rank seven experts that were rare in Eastern Sea.


 In Eastern Sea, there was the highest number of lone immortals who are superior to those of other regions, because Eastern Sea was the most affluent in resources.


 Miao Ming Shen’s concern was Chu Ying. He had met this secluded cultivator several times, he left a deep impression on Miao Ming Shen. The truth was, Miao Ming Shen did not want to invite Chu Ying. But because Chu Ying and Ren Xiu Ping had a conflict long ago, because he saved the lives of Feng Jiang and Hua Die, and most importantly, because he seemed to have an abundant amount of lifespan Gu, all these reasons made Miao Ming Shen inclined to invite Chu Ying for this trip.


 He was the only one who knew the location of the blue dragon whale. Therefore, all of the people he invited owed him a favor.


 Miao Ming Shen wanted to cooperate more deeply with Fang Yuan. Forget the rest, just the amount of lifespan Gu that Fang Yuan had was extremely alluring to Miao Ming Shen.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s action made Chu Ying’s expression change too.


 As for Tu Tou Tuo and Tong Hua, it was unsure whether they were unaffected or pretending to put up a front.


 Miao Ming Shen looked at everyone as he laughed heartily: “Zeng Luo Zi, you have good methods.”


 Tu Tou Tuo snorted while Tong Hua gave Zeng Luo Zi a cold stare.


 Fang Yuan looked at Zeng Luo Zi with a surprised expression, but he was laughing coldly inside.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s gaze swept past Chu Ying, before meeting with Tu Tou Tuo and Tong Hua’s gazes, he laughed heartily as he tossed out some information path mortal Gu.


 The information path mortal Gu recorded the fine details of the alliance agreement, after inspecting them, the immortals nodded their heads in agreement, while also suggesting some changes.


 Of course, these changes were small and negligible, Miao Ming Shen took charge as the leader and after coming to an agreement, they signed it using Zeng Luo Zi’s methods.


 Once the alliance agreement was made, everyone laughed as the atmosphere became less tense.


 “It is time, let’s go.” Miao Ming Shen moved at lightning speed as the immortals followed him.


 Miao Ming Shen flew in the sky for a while before diving into the sea.


 “We can’t hide in the sky, it is easy to find us. If Ren Xiu Ping learns of this expedition, he would not wait aimlessly. If we enter the sea, that means we are going to use the undercurrent...”


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 As expected, after a while, Miao Ming Shen led everyone to the bottom of the sea, they saw a huge python-like undercurrent crossing the trenches in the sea.


 Miao Ming Shen’s speed gradually slowed down until he arrived before the undercurrent.


 Miao Ming Shen looked at Zeng Luo Zi: “Before entering the undercurrent, for our safety and to ensure we will not be separated, Zeng Luo Zi, I would like you to use that immortal killer move to mark us and allow us to sense each other’s location.”


 This was another way to control them.


 But Miao Ming Shen did not say it before the alliance agreement, he had said it before entering the undercurrent, nobody could rebuke his sensible words.


 “Miao Ming Shen, are you sure?” Zeng Luo Zi pretended to hesitate.


 Miao Ming Shen smiled: “We have already made the agreement, we need to work together sincerely, how can we not trust each other when exploring Paradise Earth’s true inheritance?”


 He said in a serious tone, Tu Tou Tuo, Tong Hua, and the rest nodded in agreement without objection.


 Zeng Luo Zi looked around: “Then everyone, don’t be nervous or defensive, my move has no offensive capability.”


 Fang Yuan mentally rolled his eyes as he said: “Go ahead and do it.”


 “Let me go first.” Feng Jiang stepped forward at once.


 Zeng Luo Zi first used the immortal killer move on Feng Jiang before the rest took turns.


 After a while, all of the immortals were affected by the information path killer move, they could sense each other’s locations.


 “It is fine now, please follow me, the undercurrents are extremely fast, if you are slow by a step, you will be thrown far behind.” Miao Ming Shen said as he entered the undercurrent.


 Fang Yuan and the rest followed after him rapidly.


 Eastern Sea’s deep sea undercurrents did not have fixed paths, they were always changing and had various lengths, it was a display of the great power of nature.


 Moving along the undercurrent, the immortals were faster than some movement immortal killer moves, and most importantly, they saved a lot of energy, only having to put up defenses.


 If there were water path Gu Immortals who had methods to move rapidly in the undercurrents, they could even defend themselves while fighting enemies here.


 Fang Yuan was towards the rear of the group, he found that this group’s formation was quite specific. For example, Immortal Hua Die was right beside him, talking to him constantly.


 Fang Yuan entertained her on the surface while secretly inspecting his information path dao marks.


 After a while, Fang Yuan relaxed.


 These information path dao marks were not hard to get rid of, Fang Yuan had lots of methods. He even had immortal killer moves like self cleansing to resist these information path restrictions.


 But now was not the time.


 “Everyone, we are about to go out, follow me!” Ahead, Miao Ming Shen suddenly spoke.


 After several breaths, he left the undercurrent, the rest followed, nobody was left behind.


 After leaving, Fang Yuan found that he was in an ordinary nameless sea area.


 In the following journey, the immortals used several undercurrents to travel, if there were no undercurrents, they would travel under the sea as well, being extremely low profile. Even if they met desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, they avoided them. If they saw any resources, they would ignore them.


 After several days of traveling, the group became more cohesive.


 Miao Ming Shen was very skillful in human interaction, he solidified his position as the leader.


 He was smiling when he suddenly froze, saying: “We are near!”


 The immortals were energized.


 Fang Yuan felt a little suspicious, he had used several investigative killer moves but could not sense anything. He could not see what method Miao Ming Shen had used or why he was so confident.


 The blue dragon whale’s existence was known to everyone. But its exact location was a mystery, Miao Ming Shen must have a unique method to know its location.


 Fang Yuan had rank eight cultivation level with immense battle strength, it was possible to kill Miao Ming Shen and search his soul. But there were risks involved, Gu Immortals had all sorts of mysterious methods, if he possessed some strange abilities, there might be mishaps occurring.


 Thus, Fang Yuan continued to lurk, it would not be too late if he attacked after getting into the blue dragon whale.


 As they got closer, the immortals started to sense the peculiarity.


 The seawater became more turbulent ahead, if earlier was a drizzle, it was a storm now, the obstruction was far greater.


 Desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts increased in numbers, they could not help themselves in this huge storm.


 Fang Yuan and the rest had to fight while moving, slaughtering a bunch of desolate beasts before they carved out a bloody path to move on.


 At this time, everyone’s strength was displayed.


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die had the lowest battle strength, they were soon the ones who needed protection. Miao Ming Shen was leading the group as the vanguard, facing the greatest pressure.


 Behind him were Tong Hua and Zeng Luo Zi.


 Tu Tou Tuo was an earth path Gu Immortal, his battle strength was greatly restricted in this place.


 Next was Fang Yuan, he had already turned into a tiny seahorse that was palm sized, he moved like lightning speed. His strength was only mid-tier in the group, it was nothing impressive.


 The journey ahead was getting tougher, from the groups of beasts, figures of immemorial desolate beasts started to appear, the immortals could no longer move forward so casually.


 The ‘strongest’ Miao Ming Shen was merely rank seven.


 Following Miao Ming Shen, they flew out of the sea, arriving in the sky.


 Rumble!


 Intense tornadoes surged in the sky, lightning flashed continuously as thunder rumbled, dark clouds extended to the horizons.


 Waves surged from the sea, they were thousands of feet tall.


 The situation was just as dangerous as underwater!


 Countless flying birds and eagles fought intensely amidst the thunder and lightning.


 Blue charm lightning shadows flickered in the dark clouds, they were hunted down by immemorial desolate beast thunder phoenix.


 Seeing the tail of the thunder phoenix flash by, Miao Ming Shen and the rest breathed in deeply in shock.


 “Quick, follow me!” Miao Ming Shen transmitted, his body was covered in sweat, he flew forward rapidly.


 The Gu Immortals all had their hidden methods, but this situation was too chaotic, the safest solution was to get away from this place as quickly as possible.


 The thunder phoenix screeched as it discovered Fang Yuan and the rest, diving down.


 The seawater erupted as an immemorial octopus large as a mountain moved its countless tentacles, treating Miao Ming Shen and the rest as prey for food.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Miao Ming Shen’s expression was distorted, he almost broke his teeth from gritting too hard.


 Even before meeting the blue dragon whale, they were already in a desperate situation, the aura of death was close.


 “Split up and run!” After hesitating for a while, Miao Ming Shen screamed.


 The Gu Immortals quickly split up and ran.


 Crack!


 The thunder phoenix was extremely fast, arriving before Fang Yuan in the blink of an eye.


 “Chu Ying!” Immortal Hua Die was dragged along by Gui Qi Ye, upon seeing this, she screamed in fear.


 “Save me!” Fang Yuan shouted with a look of despair on his face.


 Next, the thunder phoenix arrived in a flash, burning him to a crisp by lightning as he died on the spot.


 “Chu Ying...” Seeing this, the remaining seven immortals were shocked, they escaped in an even greater panic.



***
Chapter 1651 - Merit Obelisk


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 A grindstone-sized lightning ball crashed onto Miao Ming Shen’s back and exploded intensely.


 Guh.


 Miao Ming Shen’s body shook as he spit out blood, his pale face was even weaker now. He tried to concentrate and use an immortal killer move, vanishing from his spot and appearing several thousand steps away.


 But even there, lightning weaved and beasts roared, the situation was truly at its worst.


 “To think that I would die here!” Miao Ming Shen was filled with despair.


 Wasn’t Paradise Earth’s true inheritance meant to be mild? Why was it so dangerous here?


 These questions were no longer the point, Miao Ming Shen’s immortal aperture had run out of immortal essence, even though he had his Immortal Gu left, his escape earlier was the final struggle he could muster.


 The roaring of beasts almost burst his eardrums, the immemorial thunder phoenix attacked him again.


 Around him, none of the other seven Gu Immortals were left, he had lasted the longest, the rest died one by one earlier.


 “If I had known this, I would not have explored Paradise Earth’s true inheritance. Dying before even meeting the blue dragon whale, hehehe, Ren Xiu Ping is going to die laughing after hearing this.” Miao Ming Shen was filled with regret but he also felt very helpless.


 In life, who could predict everything that was going to happen, even if it was a dead end ahead? Even for the great wisdom path Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, could she predict everything?


 1“Come at me.” Miao Ming Shen sighed, straightening his back as he faced the thunder phoenix’s sharp claws.


 With an intense pain, his vision fell into darkness.


 “Did I die...” Miao Ming Shen was quite dazed.


 At this time, a voice resounded: “Lord Miao Ming Shen, wake up, quickly wake up.”


 Miao Ming Shen opened his eyes.


 He saw Immortal Hua Die’s concerned look, she was standing beside him. Gui Qi Ye, Feng Jiang, and Tu Tou Tuo, even the one who died first, Chu Ying, were all around.


 They were all smiling.


 “You guys... what happened?” Miao Ming Shen’s eyes suddenly flashed: “Wait, is this a test?”


 “You are right, we came to that conclusion too.” Tu Tou Tuo laughed loudly, replying.


 “To think that the first test came before we entered the blue dragon whale, this was simply too dangerous.” Miao Ming Shen shook his head, feeling some lingering fear as he inspected his injuries.


 But he became stunned immediately.


 It turned out that his injuries were all gone, his Gu worms were all intact, even his immortal essence had been restored to its original state.


 “This?!” Miao Ming Shen raised his head: “Was it all an illusion?”


 “Precisely.”


 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable is truly amazing, we did not notice it at all, we only realized after dying.”


 “Thinking about it, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was able to create Reincarnation Battlefield, this test was definitely not hard to put up.”


 “In history, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created such killer moves to deal with the rank eight expert Combat Demon, Reincarnation Battlefield was the peak of this series, after so many years, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects has nurtured countless Gu Immortal experts using it!”


 Miao Ming Shen sighed to himself as his mind got clearer: “I think this is Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s warning, after experiencing death, we can give up many obsessions.”


 “Lord is right, the feeling of death is truly hard to forget.” Feng Jiang sighed.


 “At the same time, this is a test of our battle strength. Miao Ming Shen, I have to admit that you are amazing, we saw your performance in the illusion, you lasted the longest among us.” Tong Hua smiled.


 Miao Ming Shen was joyful but also worried.


 Joyful that his great strength had increased his authority in this group, but worried because most of his methods were all exposed. After all, he was facing death, why would he reserve his trump cards?


 Miao Ming Shen suddenly thought of Fang Yuan, his gaze flashed: “Chu Ying, to think that I worried and felt aggrieved about you so deeply, yet you were the one who saved the most energy.”


 His words had deep meaning.


 Fang Yuan sighed as he showed a bitter look of shame: “The truth is, I felt horrible when death approached, I was simply too unlucky, why did the immemorial thunder phoenix target me? When I woke up, I was dazed for a long time before gaining clarity.”


 With attitude Gu, he had sincere and truthful looking acting, Miao Ming Shen stared at Fang Yuan intensely but seeing his expression, his suspicions faded away.


 “Then where are we?” Miao Ming Shen looked around, seeing that they were on a nameless island. The island was surrounded by vast blue seawater, extending to the horizons.


 There were schools of fish in the sea, waves were moving slowly as winds blew, white seagulls were making sounds, some were flying in the sky while others were flying slightly above the sea level.


 “We were about to ask you. We arrived here after waking up, we do not know where to go.” Tong Hua said.


 Miao Ming Shen nodded: “Everyone, wait a moment.”


 Next, he shut his eyes, using a mysterious immortal killer move.


 This was his unique way of locating the blue dragon whale!


 But just on the surface, nobody could decipher his method.


 After shutting his eyes, Miao Ming Shen opened it again very quickly, showing shock and joy in his eyes.


 “Everyone, as I expected, this is the immortal aperture world of the blue dragon whale!” Miao Ming Shen said some shocking things.


 “What?” The immortals were all very surprised.


 They more or less knew something about this Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable subdued the blue dragon whale and awakened its immortal aperture, he had left behind a Paradise Earth true inheritance in this grotto-heaven.


 5Years later, many Gu Immortals tried to find the blue dragon whale but could not find anything.


 The Gu Immortals were still prepared to see the true appearance of the blue dragon whale, but to think that they would arrive directly inside its immortal aperture.


 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, they are truly something we cannot comprehend fully.”


 “This means, entering this place has no difficulty?”


 “Then why has nobody entered this place before us?”


 “Was the blue dragon whale too hard to find...”


 “Then what are we going to do now?” Tong Hua asked.


 The immortals all focused their attention on Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen was quite satisfied with this situation, they had all arrived at the destination without separating, they still wanted to stick together, he did not waste his effort in consolidating his authority as the leader of the group.


 “To speak the truth, I am not sure too, but since we are in the grotto-heaven now, we have already succeeded in the first step. Next, we should find the hidden Paradise Earth true inheritance. This is an unknown place that has existed for many years, we do not know what lives here. To be safe, we should travel in a group, even if anything happens, we can take care of each other.” Miao Ming Shen’s words were acknowledged by everyone.


 Fang Yuan spoke at this time: “I have a simple idea, since we entered this place via Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, this small island must not be simple, we should search around this island first.”


 “Nobody explored this place yet?” Miao Ming Shen asked.


 The immortals shook their heads, some looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “Even though I am the first person who got here and learned of the illusion, I was afraid of the lurking danger here. I have been guarding our current location since then.”


 “Alright, let’s split up and look around this small island.” Miao Ming Shen immediately gave them some missions.


 This island was small, with so many people around, they soon found clues: “Quickly come to the center of the island, there is a rank eight Immortal Gu House here!”


 A moment later, eight Gu Immortals stood in front of the Immortal Gu House.


 This Immortal Gu House had a peculiar design, from the outside, it looked like an obelisk made of gold.


 The surface of the obelisk had many inscriptions.


 Feng Jiang took a few glances and shouted: “So this is Paradise Earth’s true inheritance!”


 Immortal Hua Die who was beside him frowned: “It is really troublesome to inherit this true inheritance.”


 The obelisk stated that this rank eight Immortal Gu House was a merit board, it was effective in the entire grotto-heaven world. If outside Gu Immortals wanted to gain Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, they would need to do the missions on this obelisk and gain merits after completing them.


 The more merits they had, the more valuable things they could exchange for.


 If one did not accept this, they could only wait on this island, they could not leave and go to other places in the grotto-heaven world.


 “According to the inscription, we can only stay here for three hundred days.” Tong Hua said with a regretful tone.


 Three hundred days in terms of the dragon whale grotto-heaven’s time.


 “What missions can we do in three hundred days?” Zeng Luo Zi’s eyes flashed with bright light, there were only ten missions on this obelisk, each one was different, it meant that these Gu Immortals were going to engage in competition later.


 The others were not stupid, they quickly realized this problem, the atmosphere became heavier all of a sudden.


 Miao Ming Shen acutely sensed the change in the atmosphere as he spoke: “Everyone, even though the inscription says that, this is our first time here, we cannot be so sure. In my opinion, we should test if we can leave this island. I hope you can all research on this Immortal Gu House, if you have a way of moving it, we can take it for ourselves, that would be wonderful!”


 The immortals were deeply moved, this was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, if they could break it and take parts of it, they would have great gains.


 Miao Ming Shen continued: “When we looked around, we found a lot of cultivation resources on this island, they are in huge quantities. We should decide on how to split these resources, what do you think?”


 The immortals would only benefit from this, why would they disagree, everyone cheered in acknowledgment.



***
Chapter 1652 - Choosing Mission


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The island was small but it contained a lot of cultivation resources.


 With this size and amount of resources, they were clearly intentionally arranged.


 Fang Yuan and the other Gu Immortals looked around and scavenged for resources before redistributing them. Fang Yuan as Chu Ying was a transformation path Gu Immortal, he obtained a lot of transformation path immortal materials.


 But because transformation path projected all paths, these immortal materials were of various types and paths. For example, soul beast cores were soul path immortal materials, but if a transformation path Gu Immortal has a way to transform into soul beasts, then this soul core was also a type of resource for the transformation path Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan used transformation path as the concealment to pick a lot of time path immortal materials.


 Zeng Luo Zi seemingly asked casually: “Friend Chu Ying has a time path transformation? Why didn’t you use it when we were in the illusion?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I am just being greedy, I am sure everyone knows about the demon Fang Yuan. These time path immortal materials can be sold in treasure yellow heaven for many good things. But if I compete with everyone here, it will harm our relationship after all.”


 “Hahaha, that is a good idea Chu Ying, why didn’t I think of it?” Tu Tou Tuo laughed.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s eyes flashed with bright light, he stopped talking.


 After the scare from the illusion, these Gu Immortals finally had a change of mood, these gains were quite valuable after all.


 Especially when Miao Ming Shen was not corrupt, he split the gains equally, the atmosphere of the group was quite lively.


 Half a day later, the immortals gathered before the rank eight Immortal Gu House Merit Obelisk.


 “According to the information on the Merit Obelisk, these resources were all arranged by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, it was to ensure that the Gu Immortals who did not want to accept the missions would still gain some rewards. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was truly a kind person!” Tong Hua was in awe.


 Gui Qi Ye pondered: “All of us have acted already, we have tried to but this island cannot be broken through forcefully.”


 “And this Merit Obelisk, we cannot unravel it with our abilities.” Feng Jiang added.


 The immortals were silent.


 How could Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements be so easily broken? Especially when all these Gu Immortals barring Fang Yuan were rank seven, even though some were elites, against a venerable, they were nothing.


 “Miao Ming Shen, I wonder what insight you have?” Tong Hua asked.


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head: “I know nothing about Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, I am like all of you. In my opinion, since we cannot forcefully unravel Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, we only have two options. One is to ignore the obelisk’s missions and stay here for three hundred days, once the time is up, we will likely be sent out. The second way is to follow and complete the missions on the obelisk.”


 The immortals looked at each other.


 Undeniably, the resources on the island were all distributed already, who would want to stay here for three hundred days?


 The immortals had already gained something, their interest in Paradise Earth’s true inheritance grew as well.


 In their opinion, the cultivation resources on the island were just the appetizers, Paradise Earth’s true inheritance was the true treasure here.


 “But to accept missions, we will need to be acknowledged by the Merit Obelisk. The process is like a super clan’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, but more restrictive in nature. If this is a trap...”


 “Risk and reward are often interlinked, we came to explore Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, weren’t we taking a risk? I am going to accept the mission.”


 “Since this is an arrangement of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, there must be no problem. The true inheritance is right in front of us, if we stop now, we will regret it for life.”


 ...


 After some discussion, none of the eight Gu Immortals wanted to give up.


 According to the inscription, the eight immortals went up and placed their palms on the Merit Obelisk.


 With a bright flash of light, the eight immortals’ names were all displayed on the obelisk, the blank area earlier turned into a list.


 Fang Yuan’s name was there too, but ‘Chu Ying’ was written instead.


 This made Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief.


 He had inspected this Merit Obelisk already, it mainly comprised earth path and sound path, he could not deduce it. Of course, there was a chance of destroying it with Fang Yuan’s battle strength. But the risks were too high, he was better off disguising himself and exploring with the others.


 The Gu Immortal world was filled with countless methods, this Merit Obelisk was a rank eight Immortal Gu House made by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it had a high possibility of exposing his true name. Thankfully, that did not happen, otherwise, Fang Yuan would have to kill everyone around if he got exposed.


 His identity was too important, these people might have some peculiar methods, even if they did not, it would be bad if Heavenly Court was lured over.


 “Before I understand the situation, I should not attack them. This is Paradise Earth’s true inheritance after all, he emphasized on forgiving people for their mistakes, he was kind and magnanimous, if I kill people randomly, something bad might happen.”


 The eight immortals were listed on the Merit Obelisk, they started to look at the missions.


 There were only ten missions written.


 Each mission had a vague description, the Gu Immortal needed to explore it themselves.


 For example, the first mission — exterminate the surrounding water monsters around sea eagle city.


 Water monsters were similar to soul beasts, they were both dao beasts that had various forms, most of them would dissipate after dying, leaving behind water cores or soul cores. These were immortal materials filled with abundant water path and soul path dao marks.


 But what level were these water monsters, were they ancient level water monsters or desolate beast level water monsters, there was no information.


 Sea eagle city? What was that? Where was it? There was no information.


 There was still some clues regarding exterminating water monsters here, but the remaining missions were weirder.


 For example, creating a water well in fish round island, or gathering medicinal herbs for three tattoo tribe, maintaining a spirit spring, protecting the merchant caravan, fixing the formation, and others.


 The eight immortals looked at the Merit Obelisk, after thinking for a while, Zeng Luo Zi sighed: “My information path methods are useless against this rank eight Immortal Gu House, whatever mission we choose is based on luck. Let me try first, I will choose the first water monster extermination mission.”


 The others were silent.


 Even though Zeng Luo Zi said that, the missions had differences.


 Using logical deduction, the harder the mission, the greater the merits. Water monsters were at least desolate beasts, the mission of eliminating them was naturally difficult, the merit reward should be quite high.


 As for maintaining a spirit spring, protecting the merchant caravan, and others, they were mortal level missions, the difficulty was lower than exterminating water monsters.


 Zeng Luo Zi’s choice was clearly to snatch the best mission, the atmosphere in the group suddenly changed.


 Zeng Luo Zi remained silent but he was a little nervous in his heart.


 Miao Ming Shen nodded as he agreed and said: “Go ahead, I will be the last one.”


 Everyone looked at him with a different gaze the moment he said that.


 Miao Ming Shen waved his hand, saying: “No need to overthink it, I just feel that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created such an arrangement with deeper intentions, how could he not think of balance? These simple missions might not be as easy as they seem.”


 Everyone nodded upon hearing Miao Ming Shen’s words.


 Tong Hua spoke: “I choose the second mission.”


 Tu Tou Tuo made his choice too.


 Their decision was the same as Zeng Luo Zi, they evidently chose the harder missions.


 After Tu Tou Tuo chose the mission, there was still one seemingly hard one. The rest of the missions were all very ordinary.


 There were still three rank sevens left, they were Miao Ming Shen, Fang Yuan, and Gui Qi Ye.


 “Next... go ahead and choose, Chu Ying.” Miao Ming Shen took a look and smiled.


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die were beside him, they did not speak.


 “Wait.” Gui Qi Ye suddenly interjected: “Everyone, Lord Miao Ming Shen, to speak the truth, I wanted this mission from the start.”


 The immortals’ expressions all turned weird.


 Miao Ming Shen looked at Gui Qi Ye, showing a gaze of shock and criticism.


 But Gui Qi Ye ignored him, he looked at Fang Yuan eerily.


 “Picking on the weakest person?” Fang Yuan chuckled in his heart, saying: “Gui Qi Ye, since you like it, this means that the mission has an affinity with you, I will not snatch it from you. Hmm... I will choose the seventh mission.”


 Everyone turned to look, this seventh mission was to collect Earth Trench black oil from the deep sea, it was something that only mortals would do.


 Miao Ming Shen quickly added: “Chu Ying...”


 “No need to refuse it, I am truly in admiration of Brother Miao for having such a companion. You deserve it, if not for you, how could I have gotten in here?” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 1Gui Qi Ye looked at Fang Yuan with a kinder gaze now.


 Indeed, he forcefully chose the mission not for himself, but for Miao Ming Shen.


 Like what Fang Yuan had said, everyone could come here due to Miao Ming Shen, he deserved it with his contribution.


 Miao Ming Shen refused, but Fang Yuan persisted.


 Miao Ming Shen was helpless as he accepted it.


 A moment later, everyone made their choice, the Merit Obelisk shot out a pillar of light, the Gu Immortals were all transported away once they stepped inside.


 Fang Yuan’s field of vision changed, when he blinked, he was on an unknown island.


 “I am a rank eight Gu Immortal, but that Merit Obelisk transported me with no effort. It seems to be the core of this entire grotto-heaven, it is truly profound, as expected of Paradise Earth!”


 Regarding these missions, he had a similar conjecture to Miao Ming Shen. He gave up that mission earlier not because he was courteous, but because he was probing Miao Ming Shen.


 After Fang Yuan left, only Gui Qi Ye and Miao Ming Shen were left.


 “Oh you...” Miao Ming Shen sighed.


 Gui Qi Ye cupped his fists: “Please forgive me, lord.”


 “What wrong did you do? It is just that you underestimated Chu Ying. He was the first person to die in the illusion, so you think he is weak.” Miao Ming Shen shook his head.


 “Lord thinks Chu Ying is hiding his strength?”


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head: “I did not detect anything, the possibility of that is small. But in this unknown environment, we should unite instead of having internal conflicts.”


 “Yes, I understand.”



***
Chapter 1653 - Previous Life’s Most Beloved


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With Fang Yuan’s investigative methods, this island was completely transparent in his eyes.


 He found that this island that the Merit Obelisk transported him to was very common and ordinary. There were few resources on the island, there was a small fishing village with some people living there.


 There was a fishing village, a spirit spring existed as well, of course. Gu Masters existed here too, but in such a poor and desolate place, a rank four Gu Master was the utmost limit.


 Fang Yuan had accepted the mission to collect Earth Trench black oil from the deep sea, after he investigated, he soon found that there were traces of black oil oozing out near the fringe of the island.


 Other Gu Immortals might go into the sea to collect the black oil already, but Fang Yuan did not do that, the moment he saw the Merit Obelisk, he started to think about Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s intentions.


 He concealed himself as he entered the fishing village, it did not have many people living in it, there were only five or six Gu Masters, the highest cultivation was a rank three Gu Master, it could not compare to Gu Yue clan on Qing Mao Mountain. Back then, Gu Yue clan had about ten of such villages under it.


 Fang Yuan directly approached the sole rank three Gu Master in the village.


 This was an old man with white hair and deep wrinkles, from what others said, he was the village head.


 Fang Yuan was quite satisfied.


 Having high authority and being old, he naturally knew a lot of things.


 Soul search!


 Fang Yuan used his immortal method, the old village head’s secrets were all exposed.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan gained a lot of information that was rather precise. As he expected, this village was very ordinary. There were many of such villages around the island.


 “This fishing village doesn’t seem to have any trap.” Fang Yuan realized this and left the village secretly.


 The old village head only felt dazed for a moment, even though it was a bit weird, he went on with his business soon after.


 Fang Yuan’s soul search method was simply too incredible for mortal Gu Masters to realize.


 Fang Yuan left the island and flew to the surrounding islands.


 But Fang Yuan experienced what happened on the Merit Obelisk island earlier again.


 Even though he could see a small island in the horizon, no matter how he flew, the distance did not shorten.


 After using all his methods, Fang Yuan still returned helplessly.


 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable cultivated sound path in his early years before converting to earth path later, this method of controlling distance is his signature move.”


 There were many battles in history that showed Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable standing on the spot as his enemies attacked. No matter what they did, their attacks could not reach him, even though the distance was short.


 “Other than that, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable has an extremely alluring method, that was to create paradise.”


 Paradise...


 This was also the reason for Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s title. Nobody knew how a paradise was created, but Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable left behind many paradises in the five regions and two heavens.


 A paradise’s most distinct trait was the lack of calamities and tribulations!


 “This dragon whale grotto-heaven was transformed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable into a paradise.”


 From the old village head’s soul, Fang Yuan obtained a lot of information that confirmed this. If there were calamities and tribulations, even if the old man could not feel it, there would be information in the village’s historical records, but there was none.


 Since he could not go to the other islands, he changed directions and entered the water.


 As he got deeper, the water pressure intensified.


 This water pressure was a problem for Gu Masters trying to excavate oil, but for rank eight Gu Immortals like Fang Yuan, it was an insignificant problem.


 For Gu Masters, the sea was very deep, but for Gu Immortals, the water surrounding the island was still very shallow.


 Fang Yuan soon found that a large area of darkness appeared in his vision. It was like a huge seaweed that endlessly extended in all directions.


 This Earth Trench under the water was very spectacular, the ordinary island was at the fringe of this Earth Trench. From the information he got from the old village head, the surrounding islands were also connected to the extensions of this Earth Trench.


 Earth Trenches produced black oil.


 Regardless of ordinary Earth Trenches or deep sea Earth Trenches.


 Black oil was an immortal material belonging to food path. The quality was very high and production was abundant, it was easy to excavate.


 This was a trait of food path, having high production with cheap costs, it was very economically friendly.


 Black oil was extremely helpful to immortal zombies. Spreading the black oil in the dead aperture could slow the speed of the disintegration of the blessed land. In the outside world, or to other Gu Immortals, it was a very useful Gu refinement material that was widely used, it had a huge market.


 One of the main business of Zombie Alliance was black oil. This was similar to Fang Yuan’s guts Gu, but the scale of black oil sold was much larger than guts Gu.


 “There are about three million kilograms of black oil here. I can take them all within half a day if I go all out. But I cannot leave the island after a certain distance, even though black oil can move, it is much slower than water. After I take all the black oil here, it will take too long and be too inefficient to wait for the black oil from the other parts of the Earth Trench to flow here.”


 Black oil was very easy to collect, but that was for Gu Immortals.


 For mortal Gu Masters, it was quite difficult.


 There was a special category of oil collecting Gu Masters. They specialized in exploring Earth Trenches to collect black oil, these people were professionals in this business. Oil collecting Gu Masters had their own set of Gu worms specially used to collect a certain amount of black oil.


 Even though their battle strength was not high, because they were excavating immortal materials, they had abundant wealth and status, they were quite popular.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan had once been an oil collecting Gu Master in Eastern Sea. That was his fortuitous encounter, he almost became the son-in-law of a certain oil collecting Gu Master, the collection method was also imparted to Fang Yuan by this old Gu Master.


 People lived according to their environment, the Gu Masters on the small island survived mainly by collecting black oil. The old Gu Master that Fang Yuan soul searched was the most impressive oil collecting Gu Master in the village. Even though he was old, he would still enter the water and collect them each year.


 Seeing the black oil here, Fang Yuan could not help but recall some of his previous life’s memories.


 He was once an oil collecting Gu Master, he entered the sea to collect black oil, but it was a dangerous job, he was treading on thin ice. The first problem was oxygen, secondly, he could not go too deeply, the pressure would kill him. And the sea was not peaceful, there were many fierce beasts underneath. And finally, he needed specialized methods for the black oil.


 How could mortals not use special methods when collecting immortal materials?


 Especially if they did not collect the black oil well, it would pollute their bodies, the Gu Master would be covered in black oil grease, it was hard to remove and carried a disgusting stench, as time passes, it would even corrode the Gu Master’s own mortal body.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had been polluted by this black oil. The old Gu Master who taught him the method purposely did that so that he would be forced to marry his daughter.


 He was furious back then and felt like he was plotted against, but thinking about it now, Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 The teacher had no son or inheritor, he had to do that or he could not impart his family’s unique methods to an outsider Gu Master. He had no choice but to use that tactic, what was wrong with playing safe? It was normal!


 But back then, Fang Yuan was placed into despair, he had no alternatives.


 Without specialized methods, he could not clear the black oil pollution. Even if Fang Yuan knew the method, he needed the Gu worms to do that. These reasons made him relent.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt a sense of his mindset back then.


 He was very anxious and in pain, he was greatly attracted to the profits of excavating black oil, he secretly swore that he would change the situation! For example, there were water path Gu worms that could allow him to dive agilely, he could also design some Gu worms to resist the water pressure.


 Currently, he could totally refine a bunch of Immortal Gu and create a huge quantity of useful mortal Gu instantly.


 But he no longer needed them.


 Life often threw you into situations like this. At present, you lack some very crucial things, but when you obtain them, you no longer need them.


 That was why getting things when you needed them the most was called a fortuitous encounter, you had to treasure them if it happened.


 “Back then when I extracted black oil, I almost died.”


 “But fortune and calamity come together, I actually met Mo Er when about to die... from that perspective, the old Gu Master did something good after all.”


 Fang Yuan showed a complex and deep smile on his face.


 The white figure appeared in his mind once again.


 Her expression was both vague and clear at the same time.


 Her name was Xie Han Mo.


 Xie Han Mo.


 Fang Yuan had never forgotten this name, because she was the person he loved the most in his previous life.



***
Chapter 1654 - Water Shell Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later.


 Waves ebbed and flowed, crashing into the rocks and creating huge splashes.


 Putting it crudely, the unnamed island was poor and had treacherous waters. Firstly, the island was small, and secondly, there was Earth Trench black oil here. Because of the black oil, the resources of other cultivation paths were suppressed, nothing else could exist here.


 The greed of humanity was limitless, the concept of human path revolved around reducing deficits and increasing surpluses, the strong grew stronger. Meanwhile, heaven path took away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it emphasized on the balance of all myriad beings.


 2Precisely due to an immortal material like black oil, the unnamed island had almost no other resources, the size of the fishing village had been like this for centuries, development was slow and they could only nurture single digits of Gu Masters, they were truly few.


 Right now, at the center of the fishing village, in the village head’s house, Fang Yuan was currently fighting against a rank two Gu Master.


 Boom boom boom.


 After some clashes, water splashed around, the middle aged rank two Gu Master was drenched, he sprawled on the ground weakly.


 Fang Yuan was using Chu Ying’s appearance as he stood on the spot, his arms were behind his back as he smiled lightly.


 From the start to the finish of this battle, Fang Yuan was standing on the spot, having not moved at all.


 The rank two Gu Master stood up weakly as he cupped his fists: “Master Chu has incredible methods, I am in great awe, thank you for the guidance Master Chu.”


 He was truly in awe.


 A few days ago, Fang Yuan disguised as a rank four Gu Master and entered the fishing village openly, he started to interact with the Gu Masters here.


 Back then, his appearance caused a commotion. There were usually no outsiders in the fishing village, especially not a solitary visitor.


 Fang Yuan’s identity was a traveling Gu Master, he managed to make his presence in the fishing village. Undeniably, his appearance completely disrupted the original peaceful life of the villagers.


 Even a mortal without any cultivation would know that a strong Gu Master had entered their village.


 Traveling Gu Master.


 Such Gu Masters traveled the world, they had no home, they were usually alone but some moved in groups of two or three as well.


 Traveling Gu Masters normally had great strength and few weaknesses.


 It was common sense.


 The world outside was not safe, traveling Gu Masters were able to travel around, they naturally had sufficient strength to do so. This was not just in terms of battle strength, they also needed to take care of their accommodation, food, movement, and feeding of Gu worms.


 Without enough strength, one could not become a traveling Gu Master.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan appeared, the Gu Masters in the fishing village became very alert.


 Fang Yuan’s rank four Gu Master aura was extremely threatening to them.


 The first time they met, Fang Yuan claimed that he needed to feed Gu, he asked for Gu materials from the old village head.


 The old village head was the sole rank three Gu Master in the fishing village, Fang Yuan had searched his soul. He did not dare to reject the request, he had to agree.


 After the spar, the middle aged rank two Gu Master approached the village head.


 Shutting the door and readying their Gu worms in defense, the two started to talk.


 The middle aged Gu Master did not speak, he had a bitter and worrying expression. The old village head smiled: “Now you know how strong Master Chu is?”


 The middle aged Gu Master nodded: “Master Chu has unfathomable strength, even if we join forces, we will not be his match!”


 4Saying so, he looked at the village head with an indignant expression: “But why should we give him Gu materials? His Gu worms are hungry, that is his problem, why must we solve it for him? Most importantly, our inventory was stocked up over the last few generations, he used up almost everything in just a few days!”


 The old village head was silent for a moment before saying with deep meaning: “Traveling Gu Masters have a certain rule, they usually exchange for Gu materials to feed their Gu worms when they arrive in a new place. These Gu Masters are very strong so local forces would usually not reject them, they would cooperate and improve their relationship. We should treat it as a chance encounter.”


 The middle aged Gu Master frowned, the anger in his voice became more prominent: “Lord village head, you said it yourself, they exchange! But this Master Chu directly took the materials, he did not exchange anything for them.”


 “So what do you think? What can we do?” The old village head looked at the middle aged Gu Master.


 The middle aged Gu Master was stumped, after a few breaths, his anger dissipated, his back became bent as his face was full of bitterness, pain, and helplessness.


 “It is about time.” At the other end, Fang Yuan smiled.


 The conversation between the middle aged Gu Master and the old village head was under Fang Yuan’s supervision. In fact, he knew everything inside this fishing village.


 A few days ago, he went into the deep sea and wanted to take some black oil. But afterwards, he had a flash of inspiration, he changed his idea.


 Fang Yuan realized: “Collecting black oil is nothing, the true key is Paradise Earth’s true inheritance! I should test this situation.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan changed his method, he disguised as a traveling Gu Master to enter the village.


 The next day.


 The old village head saw that Fang Yuan had visited him, he was filled with bitterness but still showed a smile on the surface, he bent his back as he said: “Master Chu, do you need more Gu materials?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Old sir, thank you for the hospitality, I am about to leave.”


 The old village head was dazed, great joy surged in his heart but he controlled himself, he showed a shocked and sad expression, urging: “Master Chu, you are leaving so soon? Why don’t you stay for a few more days, we would like to offer you more of our hospitality.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, joking: “Old sir, I have imposed on you for the last few days, if I stay any longer, they might not spar with me anymore, but risk their lives to fight me next.”


 The old village head was shocked as he smiled bitterly: “So you know about it.”


 Fang Yuan spoke calmly: “I have traveled for many years, how can I not understand your mindset? I do not like to bully the weak, so before I leave, I will leave some things to you.”


 The old village head was joyful but also a little suspicious, he waved his hand: “Master Chu, no need for that, you are too kind.”


 “Call all of the Gu Masters here.” Fang Yuan stopped smiling, he spoke plainly.


 A moment later, all of the Gu Masters in the village had arrived in the old village head’s house, except the middle aged Gu Master who sparred the previous day.


 “Unfortunately, he went to the deep sea to collect black oil, he is going to miss out today.” The old village head explained.


 Fang Yuan looked at him deeply as he smiled: “Village head, you’ve worried too much. Everyone, look at this Gu worm.”


 Fang Yuan opened his hand, showing a rank two mortal Gu.


 This Gu worm was white and blue, it resembled a seashell and was large as a jade bracelet.


 Fang Yuan continued: “This is water shell Gu, it can form a layer of water as a shell on the Gu Master’s body to resist the sea’s water pressure. Using just this Gu worm, you can go six li deep into the sea.”


 The Gu Masters in the house went into a commotion.


 “Rank two Gu worm that can go six li down into the sea?”


 “Water shell Gu, why have I never heard of it?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Try it.”


 After trying it for a while, the Gu Masters were overjoyed, they found that this Gu worm had another advantage, it used very little primeval essence.


 “This is a really rare and precious rank two Gu!” Someone said with a trembling voice.


 “It is a pity there is only one...”


 This person immediately got fierce stares from the village head.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, everyone will get it.” Saying so, he took out more water shell Gu, everyone had their own one.


 Almost ten water shell Gu were handed out, only one remained in Fang Yuan’s hands. He passed it to the old village head: “Give this to him.”


 The old village head was very moved, he apologized in a choked up voice: “I was wrong, Master Chu is truly magnanimous!”


 Fang Yuan gathered the Gu Masters in the village, the old village head was afraid that Fang Yuan was trying to wipe them out, what should he do?


 That was not impossible at all.


 People were hard to understand, especially when this was a stranger.


 Thus, the old village head placed the middle aged Gu Master, his future successor, in a secret location, he was afraid of Fang Yuan’s attack!


 Fang Yuan’s act of giving the water shell Gu made the old village head extremely happy and also ashamed.


 But Fang Yuan had just started.


 “This is water shell Gu’s recipe, I will give it to you.” Fang Yuan gave out ten Gu recipes to the Gu Masters present.


 They were all stunned!


 Giving Gu worms and giving recipes were two different concepts entirely!


 “Master Chu, how can we take it?” The old village head received the recipe with trembling hands.


 “No worries, take a look at the content.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.


 Everyone took a look as someone shouted: “Oh heavens, the core Gu material of this water shell Gu is the spiral seashell on the shore of our island’s beach?”


 “The Gu materials of this recipe can all be found on our island!!” Immediately after, someone shouted.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I have some insight in Gu refinement, these last days, after sparring with several Gu Masters, I understood your lifestyle and cultivation method, while inspecting this island, I tried to look for useful materials. I created this Gu recipe for your village, you must accept it.”


 As he said that, Fang Yuan saw that the old village head had knelt down on the ground in an instant.


 The old village head kowtowed as he said: “I was too blind to see Mount Tai, I did not know that Master Chu was such a genius in Gu refinement! I am too ashamed, I actually misunderstood Master Chu’s kindness...”


 Before the old village head finished, Fang Yuan helped him to stand up as he smiled and said: “Old sir, don’t say that. I am someone who believes that a droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring. The Gu materials I got from you were very helpful for my problem. Our encounter is a type of fortune, we need to treasure it.”


 2“But I have just created this water shell Gu, I am not sure of its exact value in reality. Why don’t you select a few people to enter the sea with me? We can collect some black oil and test out its actual effect.”


 “We will do as you say!”



***
Chapter 1655 - Collecting Black Oil


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Vague water ripples were moving before the eyes, in extreme tranquility, a group of Gu Masters dived into the sea.


 The light above them became dimmer, the surrounding seawater was emitting greater pressure on them.


 Someone started to use water shell Gu.


 The water shell Gu that Fang Yuan invented was simply amazing!


 Almost the instant it was activated, the fishing village’s Gu Masters felt their pressure reducing, their bodies felt relaxed, as if they had discarded a ton of dead weight.


 The Gu Masters all showed joyful expressions, even though they had already tested water shell Gu in their village earlier.


 But at this time, someone suddenly made an alert signal.


 A large number of weaving sea spiders were approaching them.


 These sea spiders moved very quickly underwater, they would split up when they encountered prey, shooting out their spider webs that would entangle the prey before they attacked.


 Seeing this group of sea spiders, the fishing village’s Gu Masters turned pale, even the rank three village head was full of fear, he could not calm down.


 The sea spider group was huge, and they were most skilled at fighting with numbers, to defeat a stronger enemy with collective effort. Many sea creatures would often die to them due to a battle of attrition.


 Even rank three Gu Masters were not their match in a drawn out fight.


 The deep sea had too much danger. On the surface, the sea was calm, but under the sea, undercurrents surged, dangers lurked everywhere.


 “No need to worry.” Fang Yuan transmitted before waving his hand at the crucial moment.


 At the next moment, the Gu Masters of the fishing village were so shocked their eyes almost popped out!


 A huge whirlpool formed instantly, it crashed into the sea spiders, it was like a tornado that swept away all of the sea spiders in it.


 “Quickly leave, I cannot sustain it for long.” Fang Yuan said purposely.


 The fishing village’s Gu Masters realized at once and quickly dived deeper.


 After they got to a safe distance, the Gu Masters turned back to look, the whirlpool had started to dissipate. The sea spiders were completely disoriented, they had low intelligence and moved according to instinct, seeing that the prey vanished, they gathered again and moved away.


 The Gu Masters relaxed at long last, their gazes towards Fang Yuan was filled with admiration and reverence.


 The Gu Masters who fought against Fang Yuan earlier finally saw how powerful this Master Chu was! And most importantly, his method was very wise.


 If they fought in the sea, the blood would attract more problems.


 Trapping but not killing, that was the work of an expert.


 The group continued to move with Fang Yuan as their guardian, they met with no danger.


 Sea spiders were just one of the lurking dangers, oil collecting Gu Masters faced hundreds of types of aquatic beasts, sometimes, they would even get swept into special currents, helplessly moving along with them.


 In the following journey, some problems still occurred, but they were not disasters like the sea spiders.


 Diving and stopping continuously, after some hard work, they finally reached the Earth Trench.


 They did not need to dive into the Earth Trench, because there was a lot of black oil here already. There had been no Gu Immortals who came to excavate them.


 The Earth Trench was filled with black oil, at the same time, some gushes of black oil leaked outside. These black oil streams were like octopuses with long tentacles, they also seemed like seaweed, messy and scattered.


 The fishing village’s Gu Masters quickly used their Gu worms to get close to the leaking black oil.


 They started to collect the oil, moving around like worker bees.


 Fang Yuan did not act, he watched from afar.


 These Gu worms specially used to collect black oil were the core and vital Gu of these Gu Masters, Fang Yuan did not ask them about this in their previous interactions because it was taboo, but with his ability, he could understand everything with just a single look.


 His refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level was not a joke!


 “The number one resource around this unnamed island is black oil. When I use this black oil as material to refine Gu worms for them, their efficiency will increase.”


 While he was thinking of this, suddenly, a huge group of seashell sharks approached them.


 These sharks opened their bloodthirsty mouths, full of shells that were used as sharp teeth.


 The seashell sharks were very special.


 They began life without teeth, instead, when they grew up, they would choose seashells in the sea and put them in their mouths. As time passed, these seashells would take root and grow, the more years that pass, the whiter and tougher they would become.


 The seashell sharks would use the shells as teeth to tear prey that were stronger than seashell sharks apart.


 This special relationship made infant seashell sharks very weak, but when they reach adulthood, they would be overlords of the sharks.


 This group of sharks were attacking, be it individual or group strength, they far surpassed the sea spiders. But the fishing village Gu Masters were not afraid.


 They moved around the black oil terrain with ease and agility. From time to time, they would spray the black oil that they collected as barriers to shield themselves.


 Seashell sharks were huge and could not move easily in this black oil area, if the oil stuck to them, they would become slower and even struggle to move as the oil got thicker.


 The fishing village Gu Masters used the territory to quickly feed these seashell sharks to the black oil as food.


 These seashell sharks struggled until they had no strength left, they were slowly devoured by the black oil.


 Normally speaking, the black oil would take a long time to completely corrode these seashell sharks, all of their flesh, bone and blood would turn into new black oil.


 Black oil was an immortal material that contained food path dao marks, it was not safe, the Earth Trench filled with black oil was a dangerous area.


 Fang Yuan saw this as he sighed in his heart.


 He remembered that in the five hundred years of his previous life, he had once seen how the black oil devoured its prey for the first time. From that day on, he had nightmares for several nights, of the black oil sticking onto him and slowly devouring him without any hope of salvation.


 Normally speaking, oil collecting Gu Masters would work in groups, they were afraid that the black oil would stick to them and kill them in the process of collection.


 But the oil collecting Gu Masters in the fishing village would not form groups, it was too easy for disputes to arise, and encountering dangerous situations might cause everyone to perish.


 Right now, everyone grouped together, but it was a special situation.


 “I advise that you try to drag out the seashell sharks that are trapped, these are all usable Gu materials.” Fang Yuan transmitted.


 “Master Chu, these seashell sharks are polluted by the black oil.” The old village head hesitated.


 “Don’t worry, I have a way to remove the black oil. Trust me, these seashell sharks are very useful for you.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 He had designed a Gu recipe that used these seashell sharks as the main material.


 Without water shell Gu, these Gu Masters would not believe him, but after Fang Yuan displayed such strength, the old village head stopped hesitating, he ordered: “You all heard him, hurry up and do it. But be careful, don’t let the black oil stick to you, it is too troublesome otherwise.”


 Not just troublesome, the price would be huge!


 Black oil was an immortal material, once it got stuck, the food path dao marks would be carved onto the Gu Master’s body. Just the problem of conflicting dao marks would be fatal, and because they had mortal bodies, they could not endure the corrosion of the black oil.


 1“Don’t worry, I can remove the black oil on you even if it sticks to you.” Fang Yuan spoke.


 His words made the Gu Masters overjoyed, but even with his assurance, the Gu Masters still acted carefully, they were afraid of touching this beloved and accursed black oil.


 The seashell sharks were all dragged out.


 Most were not dead, they still had some vitality.


 Falling into the black oil would not cause suffocation immediately.


 At this time, a small surprise occurred.


 “Look at what I found? A trapped mermaid.” A Gu Master dragged out a mermaid corpse.


 Her body was covered in black oil, her appearance could not be seen, but from her build, it seemed to be a girl.


 “She has some life force left...” The Gu Master who saved the mermaid said with surprise.


 “Let me.” Fang Yuan acted.


 The Gu Masters were very shocked, because they saw that the black oil moved like an obedient child, getting away from the mermaid and gathering in front of Fang Yuan as a big black ball.


 “Master Chu is truly unfathomable!”


 “Such methods, how much black oil can he get each time?”


 Gu Masters were in admiration and envy, their respect towards Fang Yuan increased again.


 “Don’t worry, with me around, you will all be safe.” Fang Yuan’s action was just to reassure these people, but at the next moment, the smile on his face froze.


 His sight was stuck on the mermaid’s face, he went into a daze.


 “Mo Er?!”


 1



***
Chapter 1656 - Fang Yuan Was Saved


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At this depth, the sea was entirely pitch black.


 But Fang Yuan’s vision was dark green.


 “Alright, this new Gu that I exchanged for is quite useful, with it, I can barely see in the deep sea.” Fang Yuan was quite happy.


 The deep sea was complex, one could not shine light here carelessly, or predators might be lured to oneself unknowingly.


 In this dark green area, there were some deep black patches.


 They were black oil of course.


 The black oil tangled and weaved together like huge pythons. They were almost still, but the visual impact was huge.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, the gills on his face moved as they took in oxygen from seawater, allowing him to breathe underwater.


 Calming down, he carefully approached the black oil. He stretched out his arms and stopped when he was several meters away from the black oil.


 Next, he activated his Gu worm. A bright blue light slowly gathered in his palms, the two blue lights formed into beams of light that shined into the black oil. Droplets and lumps of black oil flowed along the blue light beams and slowly gathered into Fang Yuan’s palms.


 Fang Yuan’s palms were like two bottomless holes sucking in black oil.


 Time passed, but Fang Yuan continued to keep his alertness up.


 He not only maintained his investigative methods on the surroundings, he also paid attention to the primeval essence storage in his aperture.


 Because he used multiple Gu worms at once, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence expenditure was not low. After a while, he reached a critical level.


 “It is time to stop and return to the sea surface. Sigh, my aptitude is too low, if I had A grade aptitude, I would be able to last much longer!”


 Fang Yuan sighed in his heart, at the same time, he stopped using his Gu worms, preparing to leave.


 But in the process of leaving, an accident happened.


 Suddenly, a huge force emerged in the peaceful sea, sending Fang Yuan flying.


 “Oh no, an impact current!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he wanted to use Gu worms to escape.


 These impact currents seemed like normal seawater, but when lifeforms entered them, they would emit a strong pushing force.


 Bam bam bam!


 In the process of escaping, Fang Yuan met with several impact currents, his bones were fractured and blood oozed out of his nose and mouth.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his eyes were wide opened and bloodshot, he tried to find a way to escape this predicament.


 But he was not in the best condition, he had used a lot of his primeval essence, at the same time, the scale of these impact currents was huge and Fang Yuan lacked the method to deal with them, he could only dodge using his luck.


 Soon, Fang Yuan expended all his primeval essence, an impact current from behind pushed him into the black oil.


 “Am I going to die here?” Fang Yuan could not escape, he watched as the black oil stuck to him, before it spread and devoured him.


 His primeval essence was used up, but thankfully, the gills were made from transformation path Gu worms, they could last for some time.


 But this was truly his last few moments.


 “This is the final moment of my life... sigh, I wanted to accumulate more black oil to gather wealth and exchange for a way to get rid of my black oil corrosion from the market... but now, I do not need to worry about this problem anymore... hehehe...”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, he fell into deep despair.


 Eventually, the black oil completely covered him, his body was enveloped by the black oil.


 “Am I going to die...”


 Death was approaching, but Fang Yuan was completely peaceful in his heart.


 Or rather, more accurately, he was indifferent.


 Towards his death, he was indifferent about it.


 “Alright... so be it if I die.”


 “After coming to this world, after so many years, I have been wandering from place to place, I am just too tired, too tired.”


 “Who can truly avoid death?”


 “I might as well rest now.”


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes.


 After some unknown period of time, he slowly regained his senses.


 In a daze, he heard someone who was around him speak.


 “Saintess, why did you save this mortal Gu Master? All these years, haven’t the humans bullied us enough!”


 “That’s right, Saintess, this is clearly an oil collecting Gu Master, this sea area belongs to us mermen. He is a thief that steals our black oil, he is too shameless. We can let him die on his own.”


 At this time, a kind and refreshing voice resounded: “Since we met, how can we leave him in the lurch? I know he is a human and not a merman, but he is still a living being. Humans bully us, but a lone Gu Master like him is innocent. He is here to steal black oil, but how much can a person take? He took such risks to steal black oil, it shows how ostracized and troubled he is, why should we be stingy in helping him?”


 “Saintess, you are just too kind, is that fine?”


 “He is not anyone important, he is too lowly, there is no use in saving him!”


 Fang Yuan tried his best and slowly managed to open his eyes.


 His field of vision was still blur, he saw three vague figures.


 White, blue, and red.


 Human body, fish tails... from the blur figures, he could tell that they were three mermen.


 Merman was a type of variant human, they could breathe underwater naturally and live. Mermen were attached to rivers and water bodies, they were most skilled at water path. Be they male or female, they were very beautiful and good looking.


 “Thank... thank you... I will repay this kindness. May I know your names?” Fang Yuan spoke with difficulty, his hoarse voice became smoother as he talked.


 But this was his current limit, his body was too weak, he could not muster any strength, these words were all that he could say.


 “Hmph, we do not need your repayment. If not for Saintess, we would not save a dirty human like you.”


 “You do not need to know our names, but Saintess is named Xie Han Mo, you should remember it, etch this into your memory forever! You were incredibly lucky to have been saved by Saintess.”


 “Alright, you two, enough.” The white figure sighed in a gentle voice, she said to Fang Yuan: “Even though you feel weak now, I have already healed your injuries. You were corroded by black oil earlier, I cannot heal this injury in one try, but I have left you a Gu worm, you can heal yourself with it.”


 Saying so, the white figure brought her two attendants and left, getting out of Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Fang Yuan wanted to speak, but he had exhausted his strength, he could not speak.


 The extreme fatigue and weakness had his vision turn black again.


 This was what happened in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became clear, he returned from his recollection.


 At this time, he had already led the fishing village’s Gu Masters back to the island.


 This was one of the old village head’s houses, it was not dark.


 At dusk, the lingering rays of light entered the room through the windows.


 Outside the window, seagulls were flying around the beach, chirping loudly.


 The mermaid who was saved was a young woman, she was still unconscious now. After Fang Yuan saved her, her pale face had started to become rosy again. She had thick eyelashes that casted shadows on her face.


 Looking at this mermaid girl, Fang Yuan was absent-minded for a bit.


 Looking at her carefully, she did not look like Xie Han Mo from Fang Yuan’s memories, their appearances were very different, even though both of them were equally beautiful.


 “They are only similar in disposition, and...”


 And the biggest difference between this mermaid girl and Xie Han Mo was the color of their scales.


 Mermen had human bodies and fish tails, their scales were of varying colors. Blue and red were common, while white and black were very rare.


 White scaled mermen and mermaids could become saints and saintesses, while black scaled were treated as cursed and inauspicious, they would be killed the moment they were born, their parents were often the killers.


 Xie Han Mo was a white scaled mermaid, she was the saintess of the mermen tribe. And this mermaid girl had blue scales, it was very common among mermen.


 “Master Chu.” At this time, the old village head and the middle aged Gu Master arrived at the door.


 Fang Yuan nodded lightly as they came in.


 After collecting black oil from the deep sea, be it the old village head or the middle aged Gu Master, they looked at Fang Yuan with utmost respect.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan had unfathomable strength, and on the other hand, Fang Yuan gave them immense benefits. Water shell Gu was so useful, they had all experienced it on this trip.


 And most importantly, Fang Yuan promised after returning that he was going to create a Gu worm for them, this Gu worm would be very useful to them.


 “Master Chu, food has been prepared. Should you...” The old village head smiled.


 “I will take care of her, don’t worry master. When she wakes up, I will bring her to you.” The middle aged Gu Master added.


 Fang Yuan looked at the mermaid girl as he shook his head, he walked out of the house: “No need to see me, when she wakes up, get her to leave. Even though this is the territory of humans, and her action is akin to stealing, in my opinion, she has a hard life, give me some face and let her off.”


 “Master Chu, don’t worry, we will not find trouble with her!”


 “Yeah, all these years, there had been many mermen who came here to steal black oil. We have always tried to turn a blind eye to it, after all, we cannot finish extracting all the black oil under the sea, it is fine to share some.” The old village head chuckled.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He had already gotten whatever information he needed from the old village head and this young mermaid girl through soul search.


 There was something interesting.


 In the outside world, merfolk had lower status than humans, both sides had huge conflicts and often fought. But here, merfolk and humans had better relationships, they interacted a lot and were at peace, there were even instances of marriage between them.


 “It seems that this grotto-heaven is the paradise of humans and also merfolk.”



***
Chapter 1657 - Clues of Regret Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the small house, there was a huge turbulence.


 Dark red lights moved like waves, surging around Fang Yuan.


 He was refining Gu.


 His ten fingers were outstretched, his two hands were holding onto an eerie ball.


 This ball was basin-sized, it was flowing on the surface, this was the essence of the black oil that Fang Yuan extracted.


 The Gu refinement was already at the late stage, now was a crucial moment.


 Fang Yuan willed as a crack opened in his immortal aperture’s entrance, he took out a piece of shiny golden scale.


 The scale flew into the black oil ball, causing a small explosion. In Fang Yuan’s vision, he saw that the instant the black oil ball exploded, it expanded rapidly. At the same time, the golden light shined in the black oil ball, before condensing into a small dot.


 Fang Yuan’s ten fingers vibrated, the black oil ball floated into the air and started to revolve around itself.


 During the process, the golden light continued to flicker.


 A stench started to spread, these were the impurities that Fang Yuan expelled.


 The stench was about to permeate out of the house when the immortal formation’s light flickered, it was like a pot lid that was blue in color, it trapped the stench and prevented it from going out.


 This stench was an immortal material containing food path, it was more terrifying than the black oil. If mortals came into contact with it, they would die.


 Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement was already immortal level, because it involved two immortal materials. One was the black oil, the other was the golden scale, it was pulled from a desolate beast golden dragonfish.


 After a series of deductions, Fang Yuan found that the golden dragonfish and the black oil had a high level of compatibility.


 One scale was not enough of course, Fang Yuan continued to toss in more golden scales.


 The black oil ball slowly turned into a black-gold color, a lot of incomplete Gu worm silhouettes were seen in the ball.


 Fang Yuan was trying to refine gather oil Gu.


 This was specially made for the Gu Masters of the fishing village. Fang Yuan created the recipe himself, he also used the information in Shadow Sect’s true inheritance and Lang Ya’s true inheritance as reference.


 Fang Yuan was truly trying to help the fishing village’s oil collecting Gu Masters.


 The reason?


 It was because of the Merit Obelisk’s mission.


 What was merit?


 Fang Yuan had been thinking about this problem from the start.


 Were the missions on the Merit Obelisk so simple? The more Fang Yuan thought about it, the more he could feel a certain objective that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was trying to achieve.


 Thus, helping these fishing village Gu Masters was meant to complete the mission and also to ascertain the conjecture that Fang Yuan had in his mind.


 Fang Yuan did bad things without feeling any remorse. Similarly, he did good things without any changes in emotion.


 To be honest, he had already become indifferent towards good deeds and bad deeds, he did not care about kindness or evil. In this world, there were only two things, those that benefited him and those that harmed him.


 Right now, in the face of Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan would be willing to commit good deeds to ensure that he gains the maximum benefits.


 Xia Lin slowly opened her eyes, she was awake.


 “I... am not dead.” After being in a daze momentarily, she reacted and her eyes started to shine.


 “You are quite a lucky mermaid, if we found you any later, you would be dead. You would be corroded into black oil.” The middle aged Gu Master saw that the mermaid woke up and walked into the room.


 “My name is Xia Lin, did you save me?” The mermaid girl struggled to get up.


 “Not me, it was Master Chu. You should really thank him, he was the one who healed your injuries.” The middle aged Gu Master smiled as he spoke.


 The mermaid girl inspected herself upon the reminder, she was extremely happy after that.


 “Unbelievable!”


 “I was corroded by the black oil and was heavily injured, even the greatest healing Gu Master in my tribe would not be able to save me, but I am completely healed now.”


 The middle aged Gu Master smiled arrogantly: “Of course! It was Master Chu who saved you after all!”


 Saying so, the middle aged Gu Master thought of the scene when Fang Yuan saved her, he made all of the Gu Masters dazzled, most of them could not regain their senses after a long while.


 “Master Chu saved my life and healed my injuries, how can I not repay this kindness?” The mermaid girl pursed her lips, she showed a firm expression: “Sir, please bring me to him, no matter the price, I must repay him.”


 “Alright, follow me.” The middle aged Gu Master considered it for a moment before walking out of the room.


 The mermaid girl Xia Lin forced herself up, she used a Gu worm to create a wave that carried her as she moved behind the middle aged Gu Master.


 The two went into an estate, they got past the garden and arrived in front of Fang Yuan’s house.


 Rumble!


 Suddenly, a black-golden light burst up into the sky from the small house.


 “This is?”


 “What happened?”


 This phenomenon could be seen from all over the surroundings, many of the Gu Masters in the village were alerted as they came to observe.


 “After dinner, Master Chu said that he was going to refine Gu. He locked himself in the room and instructed that no one was to disturb him.” The old village head watched as he said: “This means that Master Chu’s Gu refinement has already made progress.”


 “Master Chu’s Gu refinement attainment is simple too profound, look at this scene, his Gu refinement must not be simple at all.”


 “Thanks for stating the obvious, Master Chu is extraordinary, how can he be simple?”


 Xia Lin listened carefully.


 These Gu Masters’ conversation made her think of a supreme Gu Master expert. He must have white hair, a kind temperament, a cool and composed nature, great strength, and immense kindness and magnanimity.


 As the dark gold light faded, a fragrance spread around the area, a huge hole was created at the roof of the small house.


 A moment later, the door of the small house was pushed open, Fang Yuan walked out.


 The fishing village’s Gu Masters were all waiting in anticipation, the moment Fang Yuan came out, they bowed and greeted: “Master Chu!”


 The mermaid girl Xia Lin looked at Fang Yuan curiously, it turned out that Master Chu was so young, she did not expect this.


 She quickly knelt down: “Master Chu, you saved my life. I need to repay this kindness even if I have to break all the bones in my body!”


 2“No need, it was just a simple matter.” Fang Yuan gave the mermaid girl a glance, she was not Xie Han Mo after all.


 The deceased had already passed on, she was gone with the wind.


 2Days later, Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk.


 “Oh? A new mission appeared!” Fang Yuan’s gaze focused on the changes of the obelisk.


 There were ten missions originally, now there were still ten, but most of the content had changed.


 On another side of the Merit Obelisk, the rankings had changed too.


 “I am third...” Fang Yuan soon found his ranking.


 He was a little joyful, his guesses were already affirmed.


 Looking at this from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s perspective, merit was helping others, it was the action of good deeds. Fang Yuan saw his ranking and compared it with the others, he was sure: If he did this alone and collected the black oil personally, he would not place third.


 Of course, helping these Gu Masters without putting in work was not possible too.


 Thus, after refining gather oil Gu, he distributed them and went into the sea, collecting most of the black oil, leaving only a small amount for the fishing village’s Gu Masters.


 At the base of the Merit Obelisk, there were some scattered information path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan picked them up and looked into them.


 As he expected, these were left behind by Miao Ming Shen and others, they had recorded their findings.


 Some found that humans and mermen lived together in peace with equal statuses.


 Some chose difficult missions, even though they killed the desolate beast, many humans were implicated and lost their lives. When they returned, they found that they were at the bottom of the ranking.


 COMMENT


 Some understood that the meaning of the merit board was to do good deeds and help people, but they had only guessed it, the conjecture was not confirmed.


 These Gu Immortals were chosen by Miao Ming Shen personally, they were not idiots.


 Miao Ming Shen’s discovery made Fang Yuan’s eyes shine. He found that they were not the first group who came in here, there were Gu Immortals who entered before.


 The most valuable information came from Feng Jiang.


 He found that there was a forbidden area in this paradise, it was a sea area that people called Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea.


 In legend, after Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable turned this grotto-heaven into a paradise, he suppressed a supreme demon in this sea area, he set up a super immortal formation to make him regret and repent.


 Thus, this supreme demon’s cries of regret could be heard in the sea area all the time.


 Fang Yuan saw this information, the name of a Gu worm appeared in his mind — regret Gu!



***
Chapter 1658 - Sea Market Gambling Den


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan dropped an information path mortal Gu casually in front of rank eight Immortal Gu House Merit Obelisk.


 Inside this Gu worm, Fang Yuan truthfully mentioned his experience of collecting black oil on the small island, as well as his experiment towards the merit board, if Gu Immortals arrived after him, they would see this intel as well.


 There was no need to hide anything.


 Firstly, they had their own guesses already, and secondly, it was easy to verify.


 Fang Yuan might as well reveal this before they had experimented.


 “Or rather... in plain words, this secret is not a secret, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable set up this true inheritance intentionally, he wants people to carry out acts of kindness.”


 This was the style of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 At this point, Fang Yuan was already fully convinced that this was Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.


 Gu Masters and Gu Immortals leave behind their respective inheritances, this was the greatest cultural trait of this world.


 Every inheritance contained the person’s markings, their style, or their important unfulfilled wishes.


 For example, the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was to take revenge on Gu Yue clan, even in death he wanted revenge. Thus, he left the video behind of the Gu Yue clan leader’s defeat, he dug the underground cave and lured Fang Yuan to destroy the Gu Yue clan’s spirit spring.


 Or like Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this was the luck path true inheritance left by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, the goal was to help the entire Huang Jin bloodline to maintain their rule of the region, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s act of helping his descendants.


 And Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Hei Fan originally intended to pass everything to his granddaughter, but with twists of fate, his wishes were not fulfilled.


 And Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not failed and was not captured by Heavenly Court, this true inheritance would not exist. But against his wishes, he was captured and Fang Yuan remained as his lingering hope in this desperate situation, to increase his strength, Spectral Soul formed Shadow Sect’s true inheritance.


 Every inheritance was different. Paradise Earth’s true inheritance was different from the rest, it was filled with serenity, kindness, warmth, and light.


 “If one day, I fail and die, having no hope left at all, I will leave my inheritance behind as well.” Fang Yuan thought, even though he was an otherworldly demon, he had lived, struggled, and fought in this world for so long, he had already assimilated into it.


 3If he created a Fang Yuan true inheritance, he would encourage his inheritor to pursue eternal life as well.


 3Time passed quickly, seventy to eighty days went by.


 During this period, Fang Yuan did many missions, his name started to move up the rankings on the merit board.


 Swish swish swish...


 Ebb and flow, the moist sea breeze landed on his face, Fang Yuan had arrived at the sea market.


 He took a mission, it was to punish an unscrupulous merchant in this sea market.


 Sea markets were very popular in Eastern Sea, they varied in sizes. being small, middle, large, and super sea markets. If one classified them according to time, there would be temporary and permanent sea markets.


 The sea market was the place where cultivation resources were gathered and exchanged, in this paradise, there were sea markets as well.


 This was a permanent sea market. Even though it was not open all year round, most of the time during the year, it was open.


 The core of the sea market was an island. This island would be submerged for a period each year, that was the time the sea market closed. When the island emerges, the sea market would open.


 Outside the island, there were many Gu houses in the shape of boats, their decks would be linked together to form this peripheral sea market.


 Standing on the deck, Fang Yuan was surrounded by people.


 There were human Gu Masters and also mermen.


 There were many mermen, almost half of the population, this was very rare in the five regions. After all, humans were the dominant race, the other variant humans were all suppressed and had no living space, they had to live while keeping a low profile.


 “Come, come, take a look, this is a superb crystal coral.”


 “There are three Gu house River Boats left, quickly buy them before they are sold out!”


 “Purchasing grand soil, I will buy as many as you can sell...”


 Shouting, clamoring, and bargaining noises were everywhere, they entered Fang Yuan’s ears as he felt a sense of liveliness around him.


 Large numbers of Gu Masters were displaying goods on the deck and creating their stalls, very few mortals were in charge of the businesses.


 Fang Yuan went past Gu house after Gu house, going towards the core island at the center of the sea market.


 He had already investigated, the mission was to punish an unscrupulous merchant, and he was on the island.


 Of course, the mission was just a secondary objective, his true goal was to obtain intel.


 This sea market was the closest to Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea, because there was a large number of Gu Masters and forces here, Fang Yuan had a high chance of getting useful information about regret Gu here.


 Even though Fang Yuan had arrived here for a long time, he did not manage to enter Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea even once.


 Inside this paradise, Gu Immortals did not have much freedom of mobility.


 Like the first mission, he could only move around the island, there was a limit to the distance he could go. Every mission had this same restriction.


 To return to the Merit Obelisk, all the Gu Immortal had to do was to recite ‘return’ three times in their mind.


 From this, Fang Yuan could feel Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s powerful methods. Even with Fang Yuan’s deep foundations and rank eight cultivation level, he could not unravel Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, even though he had not stopped researching about this Merit Obelisk and the paradise.


 Other than that, Gu Immortals were also restricted in communication. Firstly, they could not connect to treasure yellow heaven or the outside world. Secondly, they could not talk to each other. Precisely so, they had to use the crude method of leaving information path mortal Gu in front of the Merit Obelisk.


 “This should be the place.” A moment later, Fang Yuan stopped in his tracks.


 He was at a gambling den, the door had three words written on it, Golden Jade House.


 Golden Jade House was at the center of the island, it was a place of highest authority in this sea market. Ordinary Gu Masters could not enter, this place had strict security.


 But how could mortal methods stop Fang Yuan?


 “I should attempt the rock gambling too.” Fang Yuan smiled to himself.


 1Punishing the unscrupulous merchant did not mean killing them, Fang Yuan was a merchant once, he had managed his own gambling den, he knew what the perfect way to make a gambling den merchant suffer was.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan stepped in.


 Memories surfaced in his mind once again...


 “Hahaha, who will gamble with me? Even the saintess is afraid, would you people dare?” A muscular merman shouted arrogantly.


 Around him, there were many human Gu Masters and mermen. Most of the mermen were looking at him angrily, they could only grit their teeth.


 “This Lu Da is too despicable, he dares to provoke Saintess openly in the sea market!”


 “He does not have the guts, he is merely backed by Frost Tide tribe’s leader.”


 “This cannot go on, it will sully Saintess’ reputation, what do we do?”


 The blue scaled and red scaled guards looked at each other in worry.


 “So what?” Xie Han Mo smiled: “Let him be arrogant, no matter how much reputation I lose, he cannot shake my foundation. Since he is doing this to provoke me now, it means they are already panicking. We do not need to bother with this, we can win if we continue with our original plan.”


 Hearing this, the red scaled and blue scaled guards felt a sense of realization.


 “Saintess is right, this Lu Da is just a dancing clown.”


 “But I feel really bad for letting Saintess suffer such a humiliation, can’t any of our mermen stand up to face this Lu Da?”


 Xie Han Mo smiled: “Lu Da is a rank four expert, he has reputation built over a decade in this sea market. I understand why no mermen are standing up for us, we need to understand their circumstances.”


 1As she said that, a voice reverberated in the area: “I will gamble with you!”


 Who was it?


 Who dared to challenge Lu Da’s authority?


 Everyone turned to look, a human Gu Master walked out of the crowd.


 Xie Han Mo was stunned as the two guards said: “It’s the human Gu Master we saved!”


 The merman Gu Master Lu Da was very surprised, he frowned as he looked at Fang Yuan, saying in a grim tone: “Human Gu Master, these are the affairs of mermen, you really want to interfere?”


 “To speak the truth, your saintess saved my life before, I need to repay this debt.” Fang Yuan had a firm attitude, he spoke to Lu Da without fear.


 “This lad...”


 “We did not waste our effort in saving him.”


 The two guards nodded.


 Xie Han Mo sighed: “Let’s go out, he is an outsider, we cannot let him sacrifice himself for nothing.”


 The two guards were surprised, they quickly stopped her: “Saintess, you analyzed the situation earlier, we cannot show up. Once we do, we will fall into their trap.”


 In the den, Lu Da had a sinister expression as he laughed from anger: “Good! Human Gu Master, since you want to die, don’t blame me. I have already explained the rules of the gamble, let’s go, I will let you choose first, we will see who finds better Gu worms!”


 “You can choose first.” Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered with mysterious light as he smiled calmly.


 The first round was quick, Fang Yuan won.


 The second round took a lot longer, but Fang Yuan still won.


 “Human Gu Master, I underestimated you. Tell me your name, you are qualified to take up space in my memory.” Lu Da had a solemn expression, he looked at Fang Yuan in a different light.


 “I am Gu Yue Fang Yuan, remember that. I owned gambling dens in the past.” Fang Yuan suddenly raised his voice: “The final round, go ahead.”


 Lu Da chose a rock silently, next, he shattered all of the rocks in the den.


 “You are breaking the rules!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 Lu Da laughed: “Rules? I said that both sides cannot attack each other, but that does not include these rocks. I can confirm that this rock contains a Gu worm, while you are empty-handed, no matter what Gu worm I have, you are bound to lose. Lad, you dared to interfere with just rank three cultivation level, and especially in the sea market that I have managed for a decade. Hehehe, you can suicide, I won’t have to dirty my hands.”


 Fang Yuan raised his fists, ready to fight a battle to the death.


 “Hold up.” Everyone moved aside to open up a pathway as Xie Han Mo walked into the den with a cold expression.



***
Chapter 1659 - Xia Lin’s Rock Gambling


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Pushing aside his memories.


 Fang Yuan walked into Golden Jade House.


 This gambling den was quite high-end, there were tens of huge rocks in the hall, behind the hall were many rooms with an assortment of rock dissecting Gu worms for the customers to enjoy using. Of course, experienced rock dissecting Gu Masters were also ready on-site.


 Whether these rocks contained Gu worms, Fang Yuan could easily find out.


 He was a Gu Immortal, immortal investigative methods could find mortal Gu with ease. Similarly, even if the Gu worm inside was extremely weakened, he could heal them.


 Even if they could not be healed, don’t forget that Fang Yuan was a refinement path quasi-supreme, he could obtain basically all the mortal Gu that were currently here with great ease.


 Of course, there existed such things as immortal rocks as well, or rather, immortal materials. After Immortal Gu seal themselves and hibernate, the corresponding dao marks’ immortal material would form on their surface. Most immortal investigative methods would be ineffective against them.


 Fang Yuan was about to use his methods to teach this unscrupulous merchant in Golden Jade House a lesson when suddenly, he heard some commotion behind the hall.


 “You are dishonest!” Mermaid Xia Lin shouted with anger and shock.


 “I’m dishonest? Hehe, how so? This is clearly recorded in the information path Gu worm, even though you returned a sum, a large portion has not been repaid.” Standing before the mermaid was a merman, he was large like a bear, there was a scar on his face, giving him a sinister aura.


 “You, you, you!” Xia Lin pointed at the merman with red eyes: “You guys are shameless, you changed the agreement details, our contract was ten percent interest, but you raised it to sixty percent!”


 The scarred merman’s face became solemn, he looked at Xia Lin with a vicious gaze: “Young lady, you cannot spread fake news like that! Are you trying to ruin our reputation, this is detrimental to our business, who would come to our shop after this? Can you bear the cost of our losses?”


 “Screw you! Even if I die, I will expose this shop’s evil deeds.”


 The scarred merman changed his tone as he said eerily: “Die? You are too naive, sometimes, being alive is worse than dying.”


 Light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, this was a familiar voice, he was reminded of the mermaid girl from a few months ago.


 Why was she here?


 Xia Lin’s tears fell from her face.


 Several months ago, her only family member, her grandfather, died.


 Merman sea funerals were very expensive. In order to bury her grandfather, she had to borrow primeval stones. To repay the debt, she had to take a risk and collect black oil, almost dying in the Earth Trench as a result. Fortunately, she met Fang Yuan and was saved miraculously.


 Xia Lin also obtained gather oil Gu from Fang Yuan, her efficiency in collecting oil increased, she quickly gathered a huge amount of primeval stones from selling oil.


 She brought these primeval stones to Golden Jade House to repay the debt but this shop was too shameless, they actually changed her agreement terms.


 Xia Lin had the urge to die.


 Her only family was gone, she was all alone in this world, she was ostracized by her tribe since a young age, all these circumstances made her feel lost and dejected, the world had turned grey, she could not find any joy in living.


 “What is so scary about death? I’ll die and end it all!”


 Thinking of this, Xia Lin took action with a yell.


 Swoosh!


 An explosion was heard as a torrent was shot out.


 The scarred merman did not expect that in this situation, a rank two Gu Master would dare to attack him, a rank three, in his territory, the Golden Jade House.


 The scarred merman was caught unprepared, he was washed away by the torrent, crashing into the wall as many decorations shattered.


 The commotion was huge, the Gu Masters who were quietly choosing and dissecting rocks all came to watch.


 A large number of eyes turned to look at Xia Lin and the scarred merman.


 “What happened?”


 “Hehe, what else could it be, this Golden Jade House must have tricked the innocent again.”


 “Quiet, this Golden Jade House’s owner is the tyrant around here.”


 “I heard that Golden Jade House often acts as loan sharks and exploits low ranked Gu Masters.”


 “Let’s not attract trouble, this is the problem of mermen, we humans have nothing to do with it.”


 At this time, the scarred merman stood up from the rubble: “You have such guts to attack me, I will make you wish you were dead!”


 He walked towards Xia Lin, she was pale with fright, suppressed by his aura, but she gritted her teeth and did not step back.


 The distance between the two shortened, when the scarred merman was about to attack, he heard a voice: “Wait!”


 The scarred merman’s actions stopped, he changed his expression of anger and ruthlessness as he lowered his head towards the person: “Shopkeeper, what brings you here?”


 This was Golden Jade House’s owner, a big bellied yellow scaled merman.


 The yellow scaled merman frowned, he shouted at the scarred merman: “What are you doing? Are you trying to destroy my shop?”


 “Shopkeeper, she...”


 Before the scarred merman finished his words, he was interrupted.


 “How many times have I told you, we need to act peacefully, peace brings fortune, do you understand?”


 “Yes, yes.” The scarred merman did not dare to retort, he nodded like an obedient child.


 A chill emerged in Xia Lin’s heart.


 She had gone through lots of difficulty, being brought up by her grandfather, she had experienced the bright and dark sides of life.


 “Someone who can make this scarred merman so respectful must be more terrifying!” Xia Lin knew this clearly, she looked at this yellow scaled merman, her alertness was raised to its limit.


 The yellow scaled merman looked at Xia Lin for some time before speaking: “Little lady, don’t worry, I am an understanding person. With me around, I will ensure that nobody attacks you. But I want you to be reasonable as well, your debt is in black and white, do you want to deny it?”


 Hearing this, Xia Lin felt enraged: “You guys were shameless, you changed the terms on your own, from ten percent to sixty percent interest. I do not owe you anything, I already repaid my debt.”


 The yellow scaled merman smiled even brighter now: “Little lady, to think that your acting skills are so profound at such a young age. But it is no use! No matter how convincing you are, without evidence, you cannot prove anything, we have the agreement here, it is clearly stated, everyone can tell who is in the wrong.”


 “You, you, you!” Xia Lin pointed at the yellow scaled merman, unable to say anything from anger.


 The yellow scaled merman laughed as he waved his hand: “Forget it, you are a young girl, I will not bully you, others might say that my Golden Jade House is bullying customers. How about this, repay half the debt and I will let you go without any other problems.”


 “I am already very sincere. If you return it now, you will only pay thirty percent interest, isn’t that market rate? Tell me which moneylender isn’t operating at this price? You said that we had a ten percent interest? Who would believe you? Try and find it outside, which shop would give that price?”


 Xia Lin’s chest was bobbing up and down, her eyes were reddened.


 The market was thirty percent, that was precisely why she borrowed from Golden Jade House. But to think that it was a trap, she had gotten scammed.


 Seeing that Xia Lin was silent, the yellow scaled merman took out an information path mortal Gu: “This is our loan agreement, if you return the money, I will return you this Gu now.”


 Xia Lin was stunned before sneering: “I do not have enough primeval stones.”


 The yellow scaled merman laughed as he clapped: “Don’t worry, you can use Gu worms instead. I know you have a gather oil Gu, you can use it to repay your debt.”


 Xia Lin heard this and realized at once: “So that is your true goal, you want my gather oil Gu? Hmph, this is a rank five Gu, are you insane! Even if I die, you won’t get this Gu.”


 The surrounding Gu Masters went into a commotion upon hearing this.


 “Gather oil Gu? Did I hear wrongly?”


 “That rumored rank five Gu that is the hot topic recently? I heard it has incredible efficiency in gathering black oil!”


 “Not just incredible, it is superb. Even though gather oil Gu is rank five, it does not expend primeval essence but the Gu Master’s bone marrow, even rank one Gu Masters can use it!”


 “I heard that some people overused the gather oil Gu and killed themselves.”


 “Sigh, those people have no restraint. If they use bone path Gu worms with it, gather oil Gu is very safe!”


 Clap clap clap.


 The yellow scaled merman clapped: “Young lady, you are a smart girl, I am sure you know the logic that fortune attract wolves. How can a rank two Gu Master like you own a rank five Gu? Take it out, even if I let you off, others will still come after you, hand it over and live a stable life, isn’t that better?”


 “No! Even if I die, I will not hand it over to a scumbag like you.” Xia Lin resisted with determination.


 The yellow scaled merman felt a headache.


 It was difficult to take someone else’s Gu worm, she only needed one thought to self-detonate the Gu, by then, the yellow scaled merman’s plan would be ruined.


 The best situation was for Xia Lin to hand it over.


 Otherwise, he could use theft path methods.


 But theft path Gu Masters did not exist in this paradise.


 And even if there were theft path Gu Masters, stealing a rank five Gu was too hard!


 The yellow scaled merman was not flustered, he had already planned this and expected the situation. He could not force Xia Lin too harshly now, thus, he took a step back.


 “How about this, I will give you a chance, but you must do the same. We can gamble.”


 “Gamble?”


 “We will gamble rocks and see who excavates Gu, and if we both do, which one is better. We will decide the winner from two out of three victories.”


 Xia Lin smiled coldly: “You are unscrupulous and went back on your words, how can I trust you after you changed the terms earlier?”


 The yellow scaled merman thought about it, he suddenly waved his hand as an information path mortal Gu flew to Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin received it with deep shock.


 The yellow scaled merman added: “I can make an oath to the Sea God.”


 Mermen were different from humans, they had their racial religion, they believed in the Sea God. Making an oath using the Sea God’s name was a huge matter, it proved that he was very sincere.


 Almost every merman’s faith was in the Sea God.


 The yellow scaled merman said again in a sincere way: “What are you hesitating for? Rock gambling depends on skill but also luck. I gave you a chance, don’t go overboard, I will tell you the truth, this is your only way out today, you should seize the chance.”


 The yellow scaled merman used both the stick and the carrot, Xia Lin was greatly flustered.


 While she hesitated, a voice suddenly said in her mind: “Don’t be afraid, gamble with him, I am here!”


 “Master Chu!” Instantly, Xia Lin almost screamed from joy.


 Fang Yuan added: “But you must change the gambling terms because this is too mild, if you trust me, we will make this a huge gamble!”


 “I trust you, Master Chu!” Xia Lin responded without any hesitation.


 Her life was saved by Fang Yuan. If he wanted to harm her, there was no need to save her.


 “My life was saved by Master Chu, if he wants to harm me, so be it, I will just return this life to him!”


 Thinking like this, Xia Lin responded in her mind: “Master Chu, tell me what to do, I will follow your instructions.”



***
Chapter 1660 - Mastermind


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rock gambling was truly a matter of luck, nobody could deny it. Be they Gu Master or Gu Immortal.


 But the yellow scaled merman was very confident in himself.


 Because he was prepared.


 All these years, he had gambled with the rocks in his own Golden Jade House. He had observed, analyzed, and chosen some rocks with great precision, he was very confident in this gamble.


 These rocks naturally did not contain valuable things, otherwise, he would have taken them himself, he would not leave them in the shop.


 He had to maintain his business.


 Most of these rocks would have Gu worms, even though they were not valuable, they were a form of excitement for the customers. This was like fish bait, they would want to continue gambling and investing.


 The yellow scaled merman knew the locations of where these rocks were placed, sometimes, he even showed off his rock gambling skills in front of customers, opening Gu worms and showing that he was a great expert in this rock gambling activity.


 Now, the yellow scaled merman was using these rocks to gamble against Xia Lin, he was very confident in himself.


 But in the first round, he tasted defeat.


 Xia Lin opened a rank three Gu worm, it was superior to his.


 This was a good start!


 The surrounding Gu Masters were shocked.


 The yellow scaled merman was also suspicious and uncertain, was this mermaid girl a hidden expert?


 He had suggested a two out of three format earlier, but Xia Lin requested to change it to five contests, the bet was higher now, he staked the entire Golden Jade House. At the same time, if she lost once, she would have to hand over the gather oil Gu.


 But now, Xia Lin won, not only did she keep gather oil Gu, she even won twenty percent of Golden Jade House.


 “What a joke, I lost?!” The yellow scaled merman could not believe it.


 He stared at the mermaid girl, his suspicions fading slowly.


 The yellow scaled merman was very experienced, he could tell that Xia Lin was a newbie, her expression of joy after getting a Gu worm was not fake, she was genuine.


 Furthermore, Xia Lin did not know how to dissect rocks. She had asked the rock dissecting Gu Master in Golden Jade House to open her rock.


 “Damn it, she had some dog shit luck!”


 2“Thankfully, we changed the rules from three rounds to five rounds, I have a lot of chances left, I am not in a passive spot.”


 Thinking of this, the yellow scaled merman looked at the rock dissecting Gu Master behind Xia Lin with a subtle gaze.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master nodded mildly.


 The yellow scaled merman smiled to himself secretly, in this situation, no matter what rock Xia Lin got, even if there was a Gu, it would be destroyed, how could she possibly win against him!


 The second round.


 “I will choose first.” Xia Lin said.


 “Go ahead.” The yellow scaled merman smiled and replied.


 Xia Lin walked around for a while and was dazzled.


 “I will choose this.” Suddenly, she stopped as she pointed at a weird rock.


 This rock was very strange, it had multiple holes and was distorted in shape, it was not very compact and felt like a pile of sand.


 Normally speaking, such a sandy rock would not have any Gu worm.


 Seeing Xia Lin’s choice, the yellow scaled merman laughed.


 He pretended to walk around, touching and knocking the rocks, after a while, he chose a huge rock and said: “This is my choice.”


 The rock dissection started.


 The yellow scaled merman did it himself while Xia Lin asked the rock dissecting Gu Master.


 This was an open gamble, they dissected the rocks in the hall. More and more spectators came, they talked among themselves as the newcomers learned of this gamble and gained interest, they chose to stay and watch.


 For Gu Masters, this was a huge gamble.


 One was the entire Golden Jade House, it had a lot of funds after years of operation.


 The other was a superb rank five gather oil Gu.


 The bet was almost equal on both sides, gather oil Gu was just too amazing, it generated immense profits by collecting black oil.


 The yellow scaled merman chose a huge rock, he needed some time to dissect it.


 For Xia Lin, it was very rapid. The sandy rock was just too rough and coarse.


 Xia Lin’s rock dissecting Gu Master was very casual in his actions, he had no pressure. If he destroyed the Gu worm in the process, the yellow scaled merman would be very happy after all.


 But at this time, Xia Lin said: “Use the grey soil method.”


 The rock dissecting Gu Master stopped his action, he said: “Are you sure? This method has limited effect on sandy rocks.”


 “Yes.” Xia Lin responded.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master shook his head: “Little lady, I am not lying, I will not lie since I am the one dissecting this. Why don’t you ask around, everyone knows that the grey soil method has little effect on sandy rocks.”


 “I do not need that, just do as you are told, this is in the agreement.” Xia Lin insisted.


 “Alright, alright.” The rock dissecting Gu Master nodded.


 Once he used the grey soil method, the sandy rock’s dissection became painfully slow.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master was very annoyed, earlier it was like he was using a knife to cut tofu, but now, he was stabbing it with a needle while expending even more primeval essence.


 “Use the flame smoking method.” A moment later, Xia Lin added.


 The surrounding Gu Masters gasped, they wanted to stop her.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master said as well: “The flame smoking method will penetrate the rock, if there is a Gu inside, it will die before it is excavated.”


 “Just do as you are told.” Xia Lin said expressionlessly.


 The surrounding Gu Masters sighed, someone said: “Is this girl really gambling? She cannot even be considered a newbie, she is just toying around!”


 But Xia Lin had a firm expression that was somewhat relaxed.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master shook his head: “Since you want that, let’s do it, everyone can tell that I am not sabotaging you, this is your request.”


 “Use the dripping method.”


 “Blue mark method.”


 “Planting qi method.”


 Next, Xia Lin gave several precise instructions.


 The sandy rock was already fist sized, but no Gu worms came out yet.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master had an ugly expression, he felt that Xia Lin was purposely toying with him, she said those names that she knew randomly.


 “Alright, give it to me, I will dissect it myself.” Xia Lin added.


 “What?” The rock dissecting Gu Master was stunned but quickly reacted as he let out a breath of air, passing the rock to Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin bit her tongue and spat out blood at the rock, before using gather oil Gu to apply suction force on the rock.


 Crack.


 The rock cracked, a rank three Gu worm was exposed.


 “There was a Gu?”


 “What Gu is this? I have never seen it before.”


 “It is asleep, by the looks of it, it is complete and uninjured.”


 The surrounding Gu Masters went into a commotion.


 The rock dissecting Gu Master was stunned completely, he looked at Xia Lin with a dumbfounded expression, thinking suspiciously: “Is this girl really tricking us all?”


 The yellow scaled merman also stopped his dissection with a dark expression.


 Even if he opened it, his rock only had a rank two Gu, but the other party had a living rank three Gu!


 “There was a Gu! Master Chu was not wrong after all!” Xia Lin was overjoyed.


 Among the crowd, Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 There was no Gu in this sandy rock, there was only a Gu material.


 Fang Yuan instructed Xia Lin to indirectly manipulate this rock dissecting Gu Master and refine the Gu material. Eventually, when Xia Lin dripped her blood and used gather oil Gu, the final step was completed.


 Normally, newly refined Gu worms would be active, but Fang Yuan used a unique Gu refinement method that made the Gu worm hibernate. This allowed him to trick everybody that was around, nobody saw through this or found any flaws.


 Quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level, it was not a joke!


 Everyone was not calm, they looked with Xia Lin with a different gaze now.


 “Who sent you here?!” The yellow scaled merman shouted, his composure was gone.


 He realized something wrong, thoughts surged in his mind.


 He had offended many people over these years, he felt that Xia Lin was a bait, he had fallen into a trap. This rank five Gu was used to trap him, it was truly a huge gamble!


 “Calm down, calm down.”


 “I cannot take any more risks, the other party came prepared.”


 The yellow scaled merman wiped off his cold sweat as he focused his gaze.


 He had a trump card.


 There was a special batch of rocks in this Golden Jade House.


 These rocks were not natural, the yellow scaled merman had created them artificially.


 He first made living or dead Gu worms look like they were in a hibernating state, he then added rock fragments around them and eventually created artificial ‘rocks’.


 Rocks that contained Gu worms often had some observable traits, making them different from ordinary rocks.


 These kinds of rocks were not easy to find.


 Sometimes, in order to resolve the lack of supply of gambling rocks, the yellow scaled merman would create fake rocks himself. Of course, not all of these rocks would contain Gu worms, some only had these observable traits.


 The third round, defeat.


 The fourth round, defeat again!


 The Gu Masters watching this gasped, nobody had expected this to happen.


 Everyone looked at Xia Lin with wariness and solemness.


 The yellow scaled merman turned pale, he gritted his teeth, ruthless light flashed in his eyes, he was like a jackal forced to the end of a cliff.


 “The final round, I cannot afford to lose! I need to use my strongest trump card.”


 The yellow scaled merman’s trump card was naturally overpowering, he hid the carcass of a rank five Gu in a fake rock, according to the gambling rules, only a living rank five Gu could beat him.


 Both sides chose their rocks and dissected them.


 Snap.


 Fang Yuan suddenly snapped his fingers, using a time path immortal killer move1!


 The entire Golden Jade House and even the island became still, anything and everything became motionless.


 Fang Yuan walked out of the crowd, coming in front of the yellow scaled merman who was focusing on the flame and dissecting his rock carefully.


 Fang Yuan squeezed the rock lightly, he saw the carcass of a rank five Gu.


 Next, he placed this carcass into Xia Lin’s rock and returned to the crowd.


 At the next moment, time resumed.



***
Chapter 1661 - Repaying a Debt of Gratitude


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The result of the fifth round made the yellow scaled merman dazed on the spot.


 His eyes were about to pop out.


 If he was not witnessing this personally, he would not believe it!


 He remembered clearly that this was the Gu worm carcass that he had put in the fake rock, but why? Why!


 Why was this Gu worm carcass not in his hands but in his opponent’s hands?


 The yellow scaled merman could not understand.


 “Is this all an illusion?” He was going crazy, his pale face surged with redness.


 He suddenly pointed at Xia Lin as he screamed in a shrill voice: “You cheated!”


 The mermaid girl Xia Lin heard this and became enraged.


 She was also kept in the dark, not knowing of Fang Yuan’s methods, she shouted: “You lost fair and square, are you going to deny that in front of everyone?”


 The yellow scaled merman looked at Xia Lin and the surrounding Gu Masters, his gaze became hollow as he muttered: “No, this is not real, everything is fake, this is an illusion.”


 He stumbled back and wanted to run away from this cruel reality.


 Looking at his pitiful demeanor, the surrounding Gu Masters had complex expressions, they looked at Xia Lin with trepidation and wariness.


 The yellow scaled merman was almost mentally broken by Fang Yuan!


 Xia Lin pursued: “Let’s transact, you did not win a single round, this Golden Jade House is mine.”


 The yellow scaled merman shuddered like he was shocked with lightning, he screamed in response: “No, this is mine, this is my foundation, I will not give it to anyone! Don’t even think about it, you can have it over my dead body!!”


 “Sir, we can force them to go down with us!” The scarred merman came up and said with a sinister expression.


 The yellow scaled merman shook again.


 He wanted to do that, but hearing these words, he realized something.


 “No matter who it is, this mermaid girl is just a pawn. The other party could manipulate this situation remotely, setting up a trap against me that I could not deal with. How can I face someone of such a magnitude? If I fight now, wouldn’t I be courting death?”


 2The yellow scaled merman did not want to give up his Golden Jade House, but compared to his life, the latter was more important.


 The yellow scaled merman looked around him, instincts told him that the enemy was among this crowd.


 He felt suspicious of everyone, but he could not confirm their identity.


 “I admit my loss, I lose!” Suddenly, he stopped his methods as he sprawled on the ground like a dying fish, shouting loudly.


 He prostrated on the ground, admitting: “No matter who you are, I admit my defeat, is that enough? You can do anything with me, but before that, may you please enlighten me, when did I offend you?”


 Everyone went into a clamor.


 The yellow scaled merman’s actions were unexpected, some people snorted in disdain, some felt that he was able to put down his pride and was quite a formidable person.


 An unscrupulous merchant that had been in power for decades was naturally not so simple.


 Xia Lin was also dazed, at the same time, she felt deep admiration towards Master Chu.


 She understood clearly that this was all due to Master Chu, without his guidance, Xia Lin would be in even deeper trouble than the yellow scaled merman. But looking at the prostrating yellow scaled merman, Xia Lin felt joyful and also relieved.


 “It is time.” Fang Yuan smiled, guiding Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin spoke to the yellow scaled merman: “Do you know why you lost?”


 Seeing her speak, the crowd went silent.


 The yellow scaled merman raised his head, looking at Xia Lin: “I do not know, please enlighten me.”


 “Because someone wanted you to lose.” Xia Lin stated an obvious fact.


 The yellow scaled merman’s heart jumped, he lowered his head: “I understand, I understand.”


 Xia Lin added: “Do you want this Golden Jade House back?”


 “What?” The yellow scaled merman was stunned, what did she mean? Of course he wanted it back, but he did not know about the other party, what did they mean by that? Were they toying with him or had ulterior motives?”


 Xia Lin continued: “I have a condition before I return it to you.”


 The yellow scaled merman started to kowtow: “Revered lady, please tell me.”


 Xia Lin looked at the yellow scaled merman as she said slowly: “The reason why you ended up like this was because of just desserts, you committed too many sins. From now on, you have to commit acts of kindness, do good deeds and turn over a new leaf, I will let you off and return this Golden Jade House. But remember, if you return to your old ways, we will take not just this Golden Jade House next time.”


 Once she said that, all the Gu Masters showed perplexed expressions.


 After so much talk, Xia Lin and her backer actually had such intentions?


 They were promoting kindness?


 This was not a common thing.


 The yellow scaled merman was also surprised but he did not dare to show anything on the surface, he quickly thanked her profusely: “I will change, I will definitely turn over a new leaf. Revered lady, you are the benefactor of my life, you changed my ways. You are like a saintess guiding people towards kindness and away from evil. I was wrong, I was really wrong, thank you, Saintess, for giving me this chance, from now on, I will be a good person and dedicate my life to doing good deeds!”


 The yellow scaled merman lowered his head and apologized sincerely, he was like a pitiful child.


 Xia Lin’s face flushed: “I am not the saintess, I have no qualification to be one, don’t spout nonsense. Remember your promise, we will be watching you. If we find out or anyone reports you in the future, you will regret it.”


 Saying so, Xia Lin turned around and left.


 The surrounding Gu Masters left a path for her.


 Xia Lin had just left the Golden Jade House when she suddenly vanished without a trace.


 At the next moment, she appeared at the edge of the island through Fang Yuan’s teleportation.


 “It’s safe here, you can go back now.” Fang Yuan did not show up, he only transmitted his voice.


 “Master Chu, you saved me again, how can I repay you?” Xia Lin called out in her mind: “Master Chu? Master Chu...”


 “We will meet again if we are fated to.” Fang Yuan said as he smiled, memories emerging in his mind again.


 On the beach, Fang Yuan chased after Xie Han Mo and the rest who were leaving: “Please wait!”


 Xie Han Mo and the rest stopped walking, while the two guards stared at Fang Yuan in annoyance.


 “Lad, stop following us.”


 “If you want to repay the debt of gratitude, you should get away from us. Do you know that Saintess could have stayed hidden this time, but to save you, she showed up. Now, we failed to find any evidence and even made the other party alert.”


 “I know!” Fang Yuan was panting.


 “You know nothing.” The blue scaled guard rolled his eyes.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, raising his head and looking at Xie Han Mo and the guards: “I was too rash, but after that, I understand now. You are the Merman Imperial Court’s current generation saintess, you came here to find evidence of Frost Tide tribe’s corruption. I can help you in this matter. Because I operated gambling dens before, I know about their workings. The main avenue for this Frost Tide tribe’s money laundering has to be that gambling den earlier.”


 “Please give me a chance saintess, let me repay the debt of saving my life.”


 Both guards hesitated, they looked at Xie Han Mo.


 Xie Han Mo’s thick eyelashes drooped down, before she opened her eyes and looked at Fang Yuan with a crystal clear gaze, after three breaths of time, she nodded: “Then I will thank you in advance, human Gu Master. What is your name?”


 “My name is Gu Yue Fang Yuan. You can call me Fang Yuan.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.



***
Chapter 1662 - Competition for Saintess


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time passed quickly, more than twenty days passed again.


 Before the Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan looked at the rankings with his arms behind his back. His position had fallen to fifth already.


 Initially, he was at the front, but changes started to occur.


 Gu Immortals realized that as long as they looked into this Merit Obelisk, they would be able to find many options.


 These options had price tags, one could use their accumulated merits to exchange for them. Immortal materials, Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, and even Immortal Gu House, they were all available.


 With the merits that Miao Ming Shen and the rest had, they could only exchange for the stuff at the bottom of the list. Those expensive options were like carrots dangling above the donkey, they made these Gu Immortals very proactive.


 Competition was getting more intense.


 Fang Yuan’s focus was not that, his only goal was regret Gu.


 Regret Gu was very important to Fang Yuan. Even though the items in the Merit Obelisk were very valuable, they were merely icing on the cake for Fang Yuan, regret Gu could help Fang Yuan gain a qualitative change.


 But among these rewards, there was neither regret Gu nor the exchange of Merit Obelisk itself.


 This meant that the rewards listed were not fully comprehensive.


 Regret Gu was not part of the rewards, but that did not mean that regret Gu was not inside this paradise.


 Fang Yuan did not waste his time, he looked for clues and chose specific missions, after using wisdom path methods to deduce, many of his suspicions were lifted. Eventually, his focus was completely on Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea.


 There were many rumors regarding this sea area.


 Through Fang Yuan’s deductions, there was a high possibility of regret Gu being in there.


 However, even though Fang Yuan knew the location, he could not get close.


 The mission of punishing the unscrupulous merchant twenty days ago was the closest Fang Yuan had ever gotten to Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea. But he had tried, after just thirty li away from the island, he could not move closer.


 “How can I get into Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea?”


 This was a problem that gave Fang Yuan a headache.


 Paradise Earth’s arrangements were too powerful, Fang Yuan could not act freely. His space path attainment was also not impressive, he had tried to use Fixed Immortal Travel earlier but it could not activate, even with an immortal killer move that Fang Yuan thought of. This meant that once Fang Yuan left the paradise, Fixed Immortal Travel would not allow him to re-enter again.


 “As for these people...” Fang Yuan looked at the names of the Gu Immortals on the merit board, he squinted.


 He wanted to keep these people around.


 On one hand, killing the Gu Immortals in this paradise was risky.


 On the other hand, these Gu Immortals were now earning merits and getting rewards, they were like livestock getting fattened. Fang Yuan could slaughter them when everyone went out, it would give him much greater benefits.


 1Thus, not only did Fang Yuan not harm them, he even helped them with more detailed information.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were competing more intensely. Especially since mission rewards were observable and limited, everyone could exchange for them, once someone got something, others could not.


 Thus, even though they did not try to kill each other, they schemed and purposely gave out false information in increasing frequency.


 In this situation, the ‘honest and truthful’ Chu Ying was like an outlier, he became very prominent. Even though Miao Ming Shen and the rest did not say anything, they became increasingly friendlier towards Fang Yuan.


 1A change occurred three days later.


 A new mission appeared on the Merit Obelisk: Head to the Sacred City of the mermen, attend the Sea God Ceremony, and defend the city from the assault of sea beasts.


 Once this mission appeared, Fang Yuan selected it.


 “The chance I have been waiting for is finally here!” Fang Yuan was very excited.


 The Sea God Ceremony was unique to the mermen, in this ceremony, males and females would gather and form new families, they would also elect the new Saintess.


 The saintess had an incredibly high status in merman society.


 And Fang Yuan had already gotten crucial information, in this paradise, the saintess had an incredible role. Every time a new saintess was elected, their main mission would be to enter Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea, using their singing to soothe the killing intent of the demon and stabilize the sea area.


 “This Merit Obelisk’s missions are meant to benefit the humans and mermen, bringing prosperity to the people and punishing evil while promoting kindness. After the saintess is elected, she would have to enter Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea, by then, a relevant mission might appear. But no matter what, I need to accept this mission and meet the saintess in advance.”


 “After so long, the Sea God Ceremony is finally here!” Xia Lin pushed open the window of her inn room, the noise of the crowd outside could be heard.


 Her room was on the second floor, Xia Lin looked down and saw people moving in the streets while closely packed together. All sorts of flags were waving, there were temporary shops selling Gu, snacks, and even gambling dens, all of the businesses were doing well.


 Xia Lin’s mood was quickly affected, she became quite happy.


 Splat.


 Suddenly, with a soft sound, a pearl landed on Xia Lin’s window frame.


 Xia Lin was dazed before she flushed rapidly.


 Pearls had a special significance in the Sea God Ceremony, it meant a proposal. If someone tossed Xia Lin a pearl, it meant that they liked her and wanted to marry her.


 “Who is it?” Xia Lin did not dare to pick up the pearl because that action had deep meaning behind it, she looked down and saw that dozens of men were looking in her direction, tossing the pearls in their hands.


 “Su Yi!”


 “Su Yi!” “I love you!”


 “Accept my love, Su Yi!”


 The men tossed their pearls while shouting.


 “Hey miss!” Someone called out to Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin turned her gaze towards a young man on the street, he was a merman in tattered clothes, he was clearly poor.


 The merman youngster flushed as he said: “Miss, I tossed that pearl to you, I had too little strength, I can’t throw it high enough, can you please toss it back to me.”


 Xia Lin instantly understood, this youngster wanted to toss his pearl to Su Yi but had too little strength, it ended up going to Xia Lin instead.


 “Lady Su Yi is truly a famous beauty, her charm is too great, be it young boys or mature men, they are all in love with her.”


 Xia Lin breathed out slowly, next, waves splashed as the pearl was lifted from the ground, going into the youngster’s hands.


 “Thank you, thank you!” The youngster was overjoyed, he tossed the pearl with all his strength.


 The pearl got higher and higher, it was in the right direction now, but Su Yi frowned as she closed her window.


 The youngster’s pearl landed on the window and fell down, over a dozen pearls suffered the same fate. But these pearls were different, they were huge and shiny, they were not common.


 On the street, the men did not disperse after this, they got even more excited, more and more people came to Su Yi’s area and wanted to see her beautiful face. Some still had hope and wanted to toss their pearls, after all, what if they got lucky?


 “A bunch of commoners with nothing better to do.” Su Yi frowned, a pink cloud cushioned her tail as she floated downstairs.


 She had incredible beauty and arrogance on her face, but the most attractive part were her snow-white scales.


 Merman scales varied in different colors, white scales were extremely rare, it was considered the purest color and was extremely idolized in the merman society.


 Two mermaid nannies followed after her as they muttered.


 “These fellows should look at themselves in the mirror, they want to be Lady Su Yi’s husband? Simply laughable!”


 “Our Lady Su Yi is a contestant for the saintess position, she would not accept any man’s pearl.”


 The merman saintess was pure and flawless, once she obtains the position, she would not be able to marry for life, she had to keep her virginity.


 1Xia Lin walked out of her room, lowering her head: “Sister Su Yi.”


 “Little sister Xia Lin.” Su Yi showed a faint smile, hiding the arrogance deeply as she spoke: “How was your rest? Have you thought it through?”


 “Thank you for the hospitality, right now, all the inns are fully booked, without you, I would not have had a place to rest.” Xia Lin immediately thanked.


 A mermaid nanny smiled: “It was fate that you met with our Missy. In this vast sea, the meeting of two mermen is not easy, you two are fated to meet. I will say this bluntly, ordinary mermaids would die to be acquainted with our Missy.”


 Su Yi was not just a white scaled mermaid, she had a high status, and was the doted daughter of a strong tribe leader.


 “Nanny Rong, what are you saying? I met with Xia Lin because we liked each other. Xia Lin, don’t have any worries, go ahead if you have any busy matters. If you follow me to this Sea God Ceremony, the risks are high.” Su Yi walked towards Xia Lin as she held her hand, saying sincerely.


 Xia Lin was moved: “Sister Su Yi, you have helped me too much, since you want to become the saintess, I will definitely support you. But I am afraid that I am too weak, there are only four follower quotas after all.”


 Su Yi’s eyes shined brightly, she held Xia Lin’s hands as she said excitedly: “Xia Lin, thank you, with your help, I will have a higher chance of becoming the saintess.”


 Xia Lin had low cultivation level, she was only rank two but she had a rank five Gu worm.


 Gather oil Gu, a top tier rank five Gu!


 Of course, this Gu worm had no offensive might, but Su Yi had already found out about the details of the saintess test, the gather oil Gu would be very helpful in one of the rounds.



***
Chapter 1663 - Fang Yuan, You Are A Good Person


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan walked in the merman Sacred City, he did not disguise himself, he was in Chu Ying’s appearance. But his aura was completely concealed, he was like a mortal.


 On the street, people moved about fluidly, those who brushed past Fang Yuan would never imagine that a rank eight Gu Immortal was walking so closely beside them.


 On the two sides of the street, there were shops and houses arranged in an orderly scale-like manner, the houses of mermen had their unique style, most had seashell or conch designs. Most were huge seashells and conchs, or modified shells of giant crabs and turtles. There were also few Gu houses that were a symbol of wealth and authority, they had great defensive properties. Other than personal estates, Gu houses used as shops were also booming with business.


 As he walked, the people walking in front of Fang Yuan started to move away, they were cheering loudly.


 Walking closer to take a look, Fang Yuan saw that a mermaid was receiving a jade pearl from a male Gu Master with teary eyes.


 This pearl was quite rare, it was like glowing jade and had the shape of an eyeball.


 This was not something valuable in the eyes of experts, as for Fang Yuan, it was a mortal material that he had no use for. But it was owned by the rank two male Gu Master, it was not easy for him to obtain this rank four Gu material jade eye pearl.


 The mermaid might have noticed his feelings, she received the jade eye pearl in public as it signified her acceptance of his love.


 Next, the mermaid placed the pearl into her mouth, everyone started to cheer and shout, the couple started to blush and turn red.


 This action was not so simple, it meant she had accepted the young Gu Master’s proposal!


 “This paradise does not discriminate between races, merman and human can freely fall in love and have children without obstruction.”


 “But in the five regions, it was forbidden for merman and human to get together, not only would they be discouraged, their children would also be ostracized by both sides or even killed.”


 Fang Yuan had an eerie gaze.


 The Sea God Ceremony was around the corner, the entire Sacred City was oozing with a joyful and festive atmosphere.


 This couple was not the first that Fang Yuan saw, they might be very simple and insignificant figures in the Sacred City, but being ordinary did not mean one could not be blissful, this beautiful moment would become a cherished memory etched in their minds.


 The memories of the five hundred years of his previous life started to surface again.


 A group of mermen were looking at Xie Han Mo, Fang Yuan, and the rest with an imposing aura.


 “I am Investigator Wu De, there have been many reports by different clansmen that our current generation saintess Xie Han Mo has an affair with the human Gu Master Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I am here to investigate it!” The leader was a jade-scaled merman who spoke in an icy tone.


 “What?”


 “I dare you to say that again!”


 The two guards behind Xie Han Mo were furious, they wanted to attack in anger.


 Xie Han Mo had a calm expression, while Fang Yuan had a dark expression as he clenched his fists.


 He helped Xie Han Mo investigate the gambling den, they found a lot of corruption evidence, the saintess’ mission had a qualitative breakthrough.


 But the other party was not going to wait for the end, they schemed and spread vicious rumors, saying that the saintess was impure and had an affair with a human Gu Master.


 These rumors had no evidence and were merely made up, Xie Han Mo and Fang Yuan did not care about them. But to think that the investigator from the Merman Sacred Court would actually come!


 “Mobilizing the investigator without any evidence, I am afraid that Frost Tide tribe leader was not the only corrupted person, there is a higher-up involved here!” Fang Yuan transmitted to Xie Han Mo.


 Xie Han Mo frowned, with slight hesitation, she spoke: “I am the saintess, you are a mere investigator, do you have the elder assembly’s token?”


 The jade-scaled merman smiled, taking out an information path Gu worm.


 Xie Han Mo was calm: “Just this?”


 The jade-scaled merman smiled again: “This cannot allow me to investigate the Saintess, but Fang Yuan is different, he is a human Gu Master. Forget about the token, I can investigate him even without one!”


 Even though Fang Yuan was a human and humans were the rulers of the five regions, Eastern Sea’s Merman Sacred Court was a super force, Fang Yuan had no background himself, the jade-scaled merman was not lying.


 “Too vicious, I cannot believe that Frost Tide tribe’s leader is such a person!”


 “He is afraid, he knows how amazing Fang Yuan is, he is afraid that we will find out more evidence as time passes.”


 The two guards stood in front of Fang Yuan.


 After this period of time, they had already acknowledged Fang Yuan.


 “Wait, if both sides clash, that will be what the enemy wants to see, we will not be able to explain ourselves. I will go with them, we have a lot of progress in the gambling den, even without me, you can still win if you continue on that trail!” Fang Yuan transmitted.


 “No way!”


 “Fang Yuan, you are too naive, if you end up in their hands, you will live a fate worse than death.”


 The two guards shook their heads.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “What is there to fear? I will die at worst. You saved my life before, in that case, I will repay it now. Do not look down on their schemes, this was targeted at me on the surface, but the true goal is Saintess. Once her reputation is hit and rumors spread, her status might be affected. Sacrificing me is a small issue, but we must defend Saintess’ position, without this, how can you investigate and punish those corrupted people?”


 1The two guards hesitated.


 Xie Han Mo was still composed, she said to the jade-scaled merman: “Go back, I will not hand him to you.”


 The jade-scaled merman was slightly stunned before he laughed: “Saintess, you want to defend this human Gu Master? Even at the cost of conflicting with us investigators?”


 Xie Han Mo nodded: “Go back.”


 The jade-scaled merman looked at Fang Yuan before turning to Xie Han Mo, he showed a smile as if his scheme succeeded: “Good! We are not Saintess’ match, we can only return in defeat. Hahaha!”


 Saying so, he waved his hand and left with the mermen.


 “Saintess, why did you do that?” Fang Yuan was anxious: “Like this, you...”


 For the first time, Xie Han Mo interrupted him: “Fang Yuan, you are a good person.”


 “Hmm?”


 “You are not afraid of death, other than courage, the biggest reason is that life is boring right? You seem to be disappointed in this world and in your own life, there is deep fatigue hidden in your eyes. But undeniably, you are a good person.” Xie Han Mo said softly.


 1Fang Yuan: “...”


 Xie Han Mo continued: “And I am also a good person. How can a good person sacrifice another good person?”


 Saying so, she winked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was a little dazed, this was the first time he had seen such lively expressions from Xie Han Mo, she was quite cute and cheeky.


 “Then... what about the rumors?”


 “Indeed, that damned investigator is going to make up stories when he returns!”


 The two guards were very worried.


 Xie Han Mo’s expression went back to normal, she said aloofly: “Then let them.”


 ...


 Several days later, the Sea God Ceremony started.


 The male mermen wore their shell armors, they carried long spears, javelins and blades. According to traditions, these shells and weapons were made by them personally using locally sourced materials.


 The female mermen, the mermaids, wore seaweed strips of various colors on them. Pink seaweed strips were used by young unmarried girls, widows wore black seaweed strips, while noble ladies wore gold, silver, and crystal colored ones. Ordinary mermaids wore brown, dark blue, and grey seaweed strips.


 This was the traditional costume of the mermen, it was quite unique.


 Long long ago, before mermen learned how to use Gu worms, they lived a primitive lifestyle. Males hunted while females foraged.


 At the center of Sacred City, people gathered, singing and dancing.


 A large number of merman warriors were waving their spears, their armors clashed and created loud sounds.


 The mermaids’ seaweed strips were like rainbow ribbons fluttering in the water, they waved in sync with the singing, experiencing no tiredness.


 This moment was reserved for the mermen, all the human Gu Masters were watching outside.


 The singing and dancing lasted for hours, mermen, male and female alike, continued to walk out of the area with shattered armors or fatigued bodies.


 Gradually, several mermaid girls emerged, they were the contestants for this year’s saintess competition.


 But what surprised Fang Yuan was that out of the nine competitors, not all of them had white scales. it seemed like in this paradise, it was not only white-scaled mermaids who could vie for the saintess position, mermaids with different scale colors could also compete.


 And among everyone, mermaid Su Yi was the most dazzling one.



***
Chapter 1664 - Saintess Test


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 During the Sea God Ceremony, Sacred City was flooded with people.


 The surrounding spectators were clamoring loudly.


 Fang Yuan was in this crowd, he observed the prospective saintesses with an eerie gaze.


 His plan was to choose one of them and assist her in becoming the saintess.


 ...


 “They are assisting her to become the saintess?”


 “That’s right, Frost Tide tribe leader invested a lot into this to help Lady Qiu Shuang.”


 Xie Han Mo’s two blue scaled and red scaled guards looked at each other after hearing this, feeling each others’ worry.


 In the hall, Fang Yuan sat at one side, he gritted his teeth as his expression turned unsightly.


 Earlier, Xie Han Mo rejected the investigator and protected Fang Yuan, this escalated the rumors, eventually, the Merman Sacred Court decided to hold the Sea God Ceremony again to decide on the saintess once more.


 “This is a scheme, they made use of your kindness and knew you would not abandon me, thus, this situation arose.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply, feeling like he had implicated Xie Han Mo.


 Xie Han Mo glanced at him, smiling: “Fang Yuan, no need to feel responsible. If we abandoned you earlier, they would spread rumors that I am old and callous, it would still affect my reputation.”


 “Saintess, no need to console me at this point.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “The effect and severity of both cases are vastly different, we have already worked together for so long, how would I not know?”


 Xie Han Mo smiled: “Alright, forget about this, it does not help the situation.”


 Fang Yuan and both guards quickly adjusted their mindsets as their expressions changed.


 Xie Han Mo added: “The saintess position is not easy to hold onto, the moment I started to investigate the corruption, someone tried to drag me down. This means that the issue of corruption among the Sacred Court’s elders has gotten very severe! Don’t be too pessimistic, even though a new Sea God Ceremony is held, I have not lost my qualifications, right? It is not so easy to nurture a new saintess.”


 Places with people will have competition for benefits.


 This saying was appropriate for the mermen as well.


 Mermen also had schemes and conflict of interests.


 The saintess had high status, if the forces in the merman tribe can nurture their own saintess, for the following period of time, they would have some political advantage and would be able to gain more benefits.


 Normally speaking, mermaid girls who could compete for the saintess position had deep backgrounds or were backed by one or two large forces.


 ...


 In the underwater Sacred City, the singing gradually stopped, as intense sounds of drumming could be heard.


 In the square, only a few mermaid girls were left, they danced without showing fatigue, they were extremely determined to become the saintess.


 Fang Yuan stood outside the square, looking in, these seven mermaid girls were all beautiful, some were enchanting, some were youthful, some were cute, and some were elegant.


 There was a huge spirit spring at the center of the square, it was called the Sea God’s Spring, water sprayed upwards and carried an elderly mermaid granny, she was the grand elder of this merman tribe.


 The grand elder looked at the seven mermaid girls as she nodded, saying: “The first round of the saintess test, golden needle in black oil.”


 Saying so, more than ten strength path Gu Masters carried huge vats into the square.


 Thud thud thud...


 After placing down the vats with loud sounds, each of the mermaid girls had one in front of them. The vats were larger than their bodies by several times, they could only see the inside after floating upwards.


 The vats were filled with thick black oil, the first test was to find a tiny golden needle in the designated time.


 “I request for my follower to take my stage.” The white-scaled mermaid Su Yi looked at the huge water vat as she said calmly.


 “Approved.” The grand elder looked at Su Yi deeply.


 “Don’t be nervous, don’t be nervous.” Xia Lin encouraged herself continuously as she walked into the square while feeling uneasy.


 “What’s going on? The great Lady Su Yi has a rank two Gu Master as her follower?”


 “Calm down, Su Yi’s decision means that this mermaid is more than she seems.”


 Everyone talked among themselves.


 “It’s her?” Fang Yuan saw Xia Lin and his brows rose, he did not expect this girl to become the follower of the most favored saintess candidate.


 Gather oil Gu!


 Xia Lin floated to the water vat and used this rank five Gu worm.


 Instantly, the black oil in the vat started to move, it was drawn out by Xia Lin and gathered in her hands.


 The crowd went into a commotion.


 “The aura of a rank five Gu!”


 “She is clearly a rank two Gu Master, but she can use rank five Gu? Did I see wrongly?”


 “I understand, this must be the rank five gather oil Gu that has been the hot topic recently.”


 “So this mermaid has such a quality Gu worm, no wonder Su Yi allowed her to become her follower!”


 Gather oil Gu’s effect was no joke, after a while, the vat became empty, only a golden needle was left sparkling at the bottom of the vat.


 The crowd was roused.


 Countless heated gazes landed on Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin was even more nervous now, she flushed red and showed a cute expression of not knowing what to do.


 Su Yi looked at her and smiled, thinking: “I was right to recruit her into my group.”


 In the first test, Su Yi relied on Xia Lin’s stellar performance to gain a huge boost in reputation.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were dark like the abyss, looking at the crowd leaving, he thought: “Six out of seven passed the first test, they came prepared for this. Evidently, the test content was leaked prior to this.”


 ...


 Pale green flames burned in front of Xie Han Mo, forming a path of flames.


 Qiu Shuang, who was also a white-scaled mermaid walked in calmly, standing at the other end of the flame road as she looked at Xie Han Mo mockingly: “Former saintess, your turn.”


 “Damn it! This eerie fire burns the soul, special Gu worms are needed to resist it. We were already amply prepared, but to think that this first test would be so specific!”


 “And the worst thing is, Qiu Shuang came prepared with the proper Gu worms, she can resist the eerie fire. Is this luck? Hmph! She clearly knows the test content, this is Frost Tide tribe’s scheme, they are colluding and cheating openly!”


 Both guards were very angry.


 “Let me.” Fang Yuan walked towards the frowning Xie Han Mo.


 “You?” Xie Han Mo looked at Fang Yuan with crystal clear eyes.


 “Trust me, I am confident in this.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with bright light, looking at Xie Han Mo directly.


 The two looked at each other for a moment, before Xie Han Mo turned away.


 “Be careful, this eerie fire is not simple... if you cannot endure it, you can just step down.” Xie Han Mo said.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, turning around and taking huge strides into the eerie fire.


 Pain!


 An intense pain originating from his soul assaulted Fang Yuan’s entire body in an instant.


 Fang Yuan shuddered as he walked with great difficulty.


 He gritted his teeth until they bled.


 His eyes were wide opened, they were also tearing apart.


 His soul was burned by the flame as it melted, thankfully, he had two lifetime’s accumulation, and was an otherworldly demon, the eerie fire was less effective on him than on others.


 He would not give up midway, because he knew that by taking Xie Han Mo’s place, if he failed, Xie Han Mo would fail too.


 When he finally walked through the eerie fire road, everyone went wild, countless shocked gazes gathered on him.


 Many mermen were moved.


 Fang Yuan tried to smile but at the next moment, he fainted.


 But right when he was about to land on the ground, Xie Han Mo arrived and held him in her arms.


 “Don’t worry, I will not waste your effort.” Xie Han Mo looked at Fang Yuan deeply before turning to look at Qiu Shuang. For the first time, her gentle eyes revealed a cold and sharp light.


 Thanks to Fang Yuan’s desperate attempt, Xie Han Mo passed the difficult trap set specially for her.


 The second, third, and fourth test...


 She performed perfectly, the other competitors soon fell short, eventually, only mermaid Qiu Shuang was left.


 “It seems that Lady Xie Han Mo will very likely retain her position as saintess.” Outside the square, Fang Yuan was still pale as he sat down weakly, expressing joy on his face.


 “It was all thanks to you Fang Yuan, without your performance in the first round, we would not have gotten this far.”


 “Hahaha, you got past the flame road, it was shocking to everyone. A few days later, you woke up, do you know that news of your survival shocked countless mermen in the Sacred City!”


 Both guards laughed loudly.


 Fang Yuan stopped his joyful expression as she said: “Be careful, the situation is in our favor, the other party will not stand by.”


 Fang Yuan had expected Frost Tide tribe leader to act, but he did not expect that it would be so vicious.


 In the house, the red scaled guard knelt on the ground, his face was red: “Saintess, please let me battle, I need to clear up the accusation and humiliation that they have dealt to me. How could I possibly bully a widow?!”


 Xie Han Mo sighed: “Get up, I know you well, but this is clearly the enemy’s plot. If you charge out like this, their schemes will succeed.”


 The blue scaled guard was worried: “This is not an ordinary widow, she is Bu Su Lian, the wife of the former third elder of the Sacred Court. They are simply too vicious, the investigator will come soon to arrest him for trial. In that case, he would not be able to join the test, our strength will fall greatly!”


 Fang Yuan added: “This wife of the former third elder of the Sacred Court was willing to sacrifice her reputation to accuse him. She must have a close relationship with Frost Tide tribe leader, this corruption is extremely severe, otherwise, she would not have to act personally. Since they set this trap, they must be amply prepared, if we try to clear up the situation, we would fall into their scheme. We can only play along with this and find a way out.”


 “How do we do that?”


 “Very simple, I will take the blame.” Fang Yuan said plainly.


 Both guards stared with wide opened eyes as they started at Fang Yuan.


 “No way.” Xie Han Mo rejected this instantly.



***
Chapter 1665 - The Story of the Sea God and Mermaid


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even though Xie Han Mo understood that if Fang Yuan took the blame, the situation would be resolved, she still rejected him without hesitation.


 But this way, Xie Han Mo and the rest would be in a passive spot.


 The turning point happened three days later, Xie Han Mo received some information.


 Xie Han Mo looked at the information as she became stunned before sighing: “Qiu Shuang is no longer pure.”


 She gave the intel to her guards and Fang Yuan to see.


 After looking at it, their expressions changed.


 Qiu Shuang was the saintess candidate that Frost Tide tribe leader supported, she was extremely popular during this Sea God Ceremony, she was the most likely person to take the position of saintess from Xie Han Mo.


 But to think that she had lost her virginity.


 Only mermaids who were virgins could compete for the saintess position, this was the first condition.


 The red scaled guard was extremely happy: “Great, to think that this Qiu Shuang is not a virgin, with this information, they are history!”


 The blue scaled guard was very calm: “The Sea God Ceremony is the most important ceremony of our tribe, it has always been inspected strictly, how did Qiu Shuang get through the inspection? Unless our tribe’s corruption has already extended to the priest? Then the situation is too severe.”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “We need to remember something, if we announce this now, everyone might think that we are trying to protect red scale and this is just our accusation. How reliable is the information? If this is part of their plan, we would be in trouble...”


 1Xie Han Mo shook her head: “This is definitely reliable, Qiu Shuang is supported by Frost Tide tribe’s leader, we are supported by the grand elder, this was given to me by her. Even though we do not have evidence, I believe that as long as we inspect Qiu Shuang’s background, we would be able to find out if she is a virgin by asking another priest.”


 Fang Yuan understood now that Xie Han Mo was able to become the saintess because she was supported by the grand elder of the Merman Sacred Court.


 Among all the higher-ups, grand elder was the fairest and most lenient one, she had great authority. But because she was too lenient, everyone became corrupted, her support towards Xie Han Mo was also an attempt to correct her mistakes.


 Everything that followed went as Xie Han Mo predicted.


 After Qiu Shuang was reported, she was investigated upon and her story was exposed, she had really lost her virginity.


 This information was too shocking, the Merman Sacred Court could not keep it secret. As news spread, the entire Sacred City was in a commotion, countless Gu Masters gasped.


 “This is likely the biggest scandal in our Merman Sacred Court for the last thousand years!”


 “Qiu Shuang was truly disrespectful, such a desecration towards the Sea God, she has to be punished.”


 “Killing her will not soothe our rage!”


 Anger was not just in the commoners, the higher-ups of the Merman Sacred Court were furious too, the punishment towards Qiu Shuang was rapidly decided.


 A few days later, Qiu Shuang’s head fell off her head and onto the ground, she died.


 Bam!


 A high quality cup was smashed onto the ground by Frost Tide tribe’s leader, it broke into pieces.


 “Xie Han Mo, you were too much!” Frost Tide tribe’s leader growled, his eyes were bloodshot.


 “I told you long ago to control yourself when drinking. After Qiu Shuang’s matter, as the person who supported her, the higher-ups will no longer give you their attention.” In the room, there was a mermaid noble lady, she drank tea slowly, she showed no fear towards the angry Frost Tide tribe leader.


 Frost Tide tribe leader gritted his teeth, he said to the mermaid noble lady: “Bu Su Lian, I do not need your reminder. Our allies will not turn on us after just this small issue. If Xie Han Mo retains her saintess position, they will also suffer and die. So even if they hate me, even if they do not want to see me, they will have to force themselves to work with me!”


 Bu Su Lian said plainly: “You are right, but now that Qiu Shuang is dead, how will you defeat Xie Han Mo? Our best pawn has already been destroyed.”


 “No, no.” Frost Tide tribe leader laughed sinisterly: “You can rest assured, I still have methods left.”


 “Oh? I am listening.” Bu Su Lian sat up straight.


 Frost Tide tribe leader kept it a secret: “You will know in a few days.”


 A few days later.


 On the square of Sacred City, mermaid Dong Lei said under everyone’s watchful eyes: “I am willing to take Qiu Shuang’s place and continue with the Sea God Ceremony.”


 “Who is Dong Lei?”


 “She was one of Qiu Shuang’s followers.”


 “To think that Frost Tide tribe’s leader had this pawn prepared.”


 “According to our tribe rules, sisters can take each others’ place, Dong Lei can totally replace Qiu Shuang and attend the Sea God Ceremony to contest for the saintess position.”


 Everyone discussed.


 The origin of the Sea God Ceremony was a legendary story among the mermen.


 In the story, the first batch of mermen lived in Eastern Sea, they created a small fishing village.


 One day, a huge sea beast attacked the island, it created a tsunami around the island, the fishing village was almost about to be destroyed.


 To save the villagers in the fishing village, mermaid Ah Qing knelt at the cliff and prayed to the Sea God.


 The Sea God heard her prayer and said: “Oh Ah Qing, I love to hear beautiful singing. If you can sing three satisfactory songs for me, I will chase the sea beast away and calm the sea, defending the fishing village.”


 Ah Qing was overjoyed, she quickly agreed.


 She started to sing the first song by the cliff, it was enchanting. After she finished, the Sea God savored the melody as he calmed the sea.


 Ah Qing sang the second song, her beautiful voice mesmerized the Sea God, seaweed danced to her singing, prawns and fish gathered by her side as they listened.


 Ah Qing wanted to sing the third song but at that point, she no longer had any strength. After singing for two days and two nights, she was too tired.


 After returning home, she called her sister Ah Ya and told her everything before dying from exhaustion.


 Ah Ya was very upset but she listened to her sister Ah Qing’s wish, she came to the cliff and said to the Sea God: “Oh Sea God, I will take my sister’s place and sing the third song for you.”


 Sea God said: “Go ahead.”


 Ah Ya started to sing, her voice was filled with agony and misery, but also firm determination. After she finished, the Sea God was pleased and the sea beast left, the fishing village was safe once again.


 When choosing the saintess, mermen would set up many tests during the Sea God Ceremony.


 These tests had varying contents, but the final round would always be the same, since the start of the ceremony’s history.


 That was a singing competition among mermaids.


 They would get on the stage and sing on the specially made altar-like Gu house.


 Everyone would get to sing three times, from the results, they would choose the sole saintess.


 All the tests before this were just elimination rounds.


 If during the Sea God Ceremony, all of the contestants got eliminated, then the saintess position would remain empty.



***
Chapter 1666 - Intercept


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sea at night was turbulent with vicious waves, wild winds were howling.


 From the black depths of the sea, a chain made of pearls of light started to shine. Next, intense drumming and zither music could be heard reverberating in the waves.


 The tens of merman warriors wore ancient armor made from seashells, they held up a huge white shell shield. Behind them, mermen danced and sang, surrounding Xie Han Mo and Dong Lei. Behind them, countless mermen were watching this final test with high spirits.


 The seashell floated to the surface of the sea, waves landed on the huge shell and caused waves to splash.


 Surrounding the seashell, merman warriors did their best to stabilize it.


 The huge shell slowly opened up, this was a natural stage.


 The seashell had a great origin, it was left behind by the desolate beast giant music shell, there was a vast number of sound path dao marks on the seashell, even if a mortal stood inside, their voice would be spread far and wide.


 Dong Lei was the first to ascend the shell.


 Countless mermen floated to the surface of the sea, watching in anticipation.


 At a corner, in a boat-like Gu house, Bu Su Lian watched as she said to Frost Tide tribe’s leader: “Are you so confident in Dong Lei? The first person to perform has a natural disadvantage.”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader smiled: “Just watch, I cannot explain it in words.”


 Bu Su Lian looked at Frost Tide tribe’s leader deeply before turning towards the giant music shell.


 Dong Lei started to sing.


 Her voice was clear and elegant, it was quite mesmerizing, all of the mermen started to indulge in this beautiful song.


 At once, due to the giant music shell’s effect, in the radius of a thousand li, Dong Lei’s beautiful singing could be heard. Even the torrential tides were suppressed.


 Mermen were born with a throat that could sing better than other species, they could produce incredibly beautiful singing.


 1According to human standards, each merman was a natural born singer.


 This was because each merman’s body had abundant water path dao marks. And in their throats, there was a particular cartilage that was filled with sound path dao marks.


 There was a point in history where humans slaughtered mermen to take away the sound path cartilage in their throats, it was an excellent sound path Gu material.


 And the mermaids competing to become saintess had even better singing than most mermen.


 Those who live near the sea would often hear similar rumors about sailors who would get mesmerized by the singing of mermaids, they would forget time, forget their direction, they would not notice even if their ship hit a reef.


 This was not an exaggeration, it was the truth.


 Dong Lei’s singing was superb, most of the people were listening in enjoyment, only Fang Yuan and the rest became furious, their expressions were ugly and they frowned tightly. Even Xie Han Mo, who was usually calm, had a change of expression, sadness and shock was expressed in her eyes.


 “What is going on?”


 “Why is Dong Lei singing the song that we prepared?!”


 The red scaled and blue scaled guards were furious with wide opened eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, he gritted his teeth: “Isn’t this obvious? There is a spy among us, he informed the enemy of our song!”


 Both guards looked at each other before turning to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked at them fearlessly: “Only the four of us know what songs we prepared, the traitor must be one of you. Who is it?”


 Xie Han Mo could not be the traitor, so among Fang Yuan, blue scale and red scale, one of them had to be the traitor.


 “Bullshit!”


 “You are the traitor!”


 Both guards were furious with red faces as they denied it.


 Xie Han Mo sighed, shaking her head: “There might not be a spy, they might have found out about our preparations through special information path methods.”


 “Hahaha.” Far away, Frost Tide tribe’s leader laughed loudly in his Gu house.


 Bu Su Lian had been observing Xie Han Mo and the rest long ago, seeing their expressions, she understood as her eyes shined: “You planted a spy near her?”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader laughed continuously: “Of course! Xie Han Mo is too young and too naive to compete with me. Do you know the huge price I paid in order to get a spy this close to her?”


 Bu Su Lian’s eyes flickered with bright light: “As expected and befitting of Frost Tide tribe’s leader, the price you paid is worth it. Now that Dong Lei has sang her song, Xie Han Mo cannot use it again, she is almost helpless now that she has no song to sing.”


 Xie Han Mo had truly fallen deeply into the plot of Frost Tide tribe’s leader!


 The final round of the saintess competition was to sing three songs. These three songs needed special preparation, sound path Gu worms were needed for them, including lots of practice.


 Each song needed to produce a different effect.


 The first song was to calm the sea waves. The second song was to attract living beings, and the third song was to repel sea beasts.


 Thus, even though Xie Han Mo prepared three songs, after Dong Lei stole the first song, her remaining two songs were different and could not be used in its place.


 “What do we do?” Both guards were extremely flustered and anxious.


 “Damn it, damn it, we got so far but still fell for a trap at this moment.”


 “It is no use, it is too late to prepare now!”


 “This must be the scheme of Frost Tide tribe’s leader, we will expose it and ruin his reputation!” Red scale screamed.


 Fang Yuan looked at him like he was an idiot: “Do you have proof? Who would believe us? They would use this chance to counterattack and accuse you instead, what do we do then?”


 “Oh.” Red-scaled guard was stunned.


 Xie Han Mo sighed deeply: “In that case, forget it.”


 “Saintess?” Both guards were stunned.


 Xie Han Mo smiled bitterly: “You can still leave now, hurry. While there is still some time, leave this place.”


 Xie Han Mo would lose the competition for the saintess position, she would no longer be the saintess. This way, she would face the attack of the new saintess Dong Lei and Frost Tide tribe’s leader, she would have a terrible end.


 To not implicate her three followers, even if there was a possible spy among them, Xie Han Mo wanted to fight for some time.


 “Saintess...” Understanding Xie Han Mo’s intention, both of her guards started to choke with tears.


 This situation had attracted everyone’s attention.


 “What happened to Xie Han Mo?”


 “Something bad seems to have happened!”


 “They are panicking, haha, it seems that Lady Dong Lei’s singing has sent them into despair!”


 “Xie Han Mo is finished.” Inside the Gu house, Bu Su Lian sighed deeply.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader smiled sinisterly: “Even though I can’t deal with that foolish old grand elder, I will definitely torture that Xie Han Mo after this to vent my anger and hatred!”


 Dong Lei stepped down the stage as she raised her eyebrows: “I have already calmed the sea by five feet, I will anticipate sister Xie Han Mo’s performance next.”



***
Chapter 1667 - White Moonlight


***





 



 2


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Xie Han Mo looked at her deeply in the eye as she ascended the stage.


 She had just entered the stage when she got stunned.


 “Why are you...” She looked at Fang Yuan who was beside her with deep shock.


 Fang Yuan interrupted her: “As your follower, I am of course qualified to be your accompaniment.”


 “Quickly leave...” Xie Han Mo swiftly said, but anxiety was all over her face for once.


 “You want to sing the same song? Even if you sing better than Dong Lei, the rules will disqualify you. Trust me, I have a song for this.” Fang Yuan interrupted Xie Han Mo as he transmitted.


 Xie Han Mo’s heart wavered.


 Songs could not be changed easily, because they needed to be paired with Gu worms and needed lots of practice.


 By changing the song, the Gu worms used also needed to be modified.


 In this situation, Xie Han Mo could no longer change her Gu worms, this meant that the new song and the original song needed to have the same rhythm and melody.


 It might be possible given a hundred days of preparation, but in this rushed situation, the chances were close to zero.


 “The song is not the same of course, but don’t forget that I had participated in our song composition. I have a similar song here, but I need you to adapt to it on the spot, take note of the cooperation between my song and the Gu worms.” Fang Yuan transmitted: “And these are the lyrics and tune.”


 Xie Han Mo was stunned before nodding: “Okay.”


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply: “Then let’s start.”


 Xie Han Mo breathed in deeply, she shut her eyes, this was her usual habit before singing.


 Everyone became quiet.


 They waited quietly...


 And waited...


 “Why is she not singing yet?” Gradually, some people became impatient.


 “Hahaha, how can they sing? They have no songs to sing!” Frost Tide tribe’s leader laughed loudly with a face flushed red.


 “Oh, sorry, can anyone lend me a zither Gu?” Fang Yuan broke the silence.


 Everyone: “...”


 You are the accompaniment but in this important Sea God Ceremony, you did not even prepare a zither Gu?”


 Is it really okay to be so lax?


 “I need a rank three zither Gu, can anyone lend me one?” Fang Yuan added, looking towards the grand elder.


 The grand elder understood his words, Xie Han Mo met with an accident, she had anticipated this and quickly asked someone to send a zither Gu.


 Fang Yuan obtained the zither Gu and said: “This is too important, let me refine the Gu on the spot.”


 Everyone: “...”


 What? At the last round of the Sea God Ceremony, you want to refine Gu?


 Are you serious?


 What was this human Gu Master thinking? He was toying with everyone!


 The mood of all the mermen turned bad.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader quickly instructed his lackeys, a voice suddenly resounded: “You are purposely stalling for time!”


 Everyone was about to clamor when Fang Yuan shouted loudly: “Are you saying that the Sea God Ceremony has a rule against refining Gu? This is for the sake of the song, we will start after the Gu is refined.”


 Grand elder quickly added: “There are no such rules indeed, I will allow it. Quickly refine the Gu and start, what does everyone think?”


 The other elders looked at each other, some wanted to speak while others stayed silent.


 Lackeys of Frost Tide tribe’s leader shouted again: “The Sea God Ceremony is such an important ceremony, you want all of us mermen to wait for your Gu refinement?”


 Fang Yuan quickly rebuked: “I am refining Gu for the Sea God Ceremony, are you all unable to wait a little bit for this important ceremony? Whoever has no patience can stand up now! You can leave right away.”


 Everyone went silent.


 “You have a sharp tongue! But when you end up in my hands, I will make sure I smash all your teeth and pull out your tongue.” Frost Tide tribe’s leader snickered.


 On the giant shell that was floating on the sea’s surface, the merman warriors were exerting themselves while stabilizing it.


 Some of the mermen floated to the surface, some only had their heads above the water, but all of them were looking at Fang Yuan refine his zither Gu.


 1Xie Han Mo was instead ignored.


 She stood beside Fang Yuan feeling very strange. She had attended the Sea God Ceremony once before and became the saintess. She had seen countless Sea God Ceremonies, but never had such a thing ever happened!


 Fang Yuan’s refinement speed became faster and faster, this was because the zither Gu’s owner cooperated with him.


 After getting the zither Gu, Fang Yuan stood up and went behind Xie Han Mo, saying confidently: “Alright, the real show starts now.”


 “Finally.” The mermen let out breaths of air, feeling resentful.


 “Go ahead and sing, I want to see what song you can come up with!” Frost Tide tribe’s leader snickered.


 Below the stage, the grand elder and both guards had worried expressions.


 Xie Han Mo shut her eyes.


 At this moment, the zither started playing.


 Fang Yuan had activated the zither Gu, it let out a long and deep melody, the tune was extremely beautiful to listen to.


 Xie Han Mo shut her eyes, she started to sing1 —


 1The white moonlight is somewhere in my heart.


 It is so bright, yet so icy cold.


 Everyone has their own sadness.


 Wanting to conceal it, but it just became more obvious.


 ...


 Everyone was silent, only the sound of waves could be heard.


 Her beautiful voice intoxicated everyone, they could not stop savoring it.


 ...


 The white moonlight lightens the horizons of the world.


 It’s in my heart, but not by my side.


 I could not wipe the tears off your face back then.


 The road is too long, I could not seek forgiveness.


 ...


 The tune was sorrowful but simple and elegant, it progressed smoothly with each verse, a feeling of intense sadness and agony filled everyone’s hearts.


 Xie Han Mo had a pure and penetrating voice, she was gentle and warm, just like the pale white moonlight that seemed cold and also a little warm on the inside.


 The giant shell started to emit a white light, the waves did not seem to want to disturb her beautiful singing, they became weaker.


 ...


 The white moonlight lightens the horizons of the world.


 The fuller it is, the more loneliness I feel.


 Unable to wipe the tears in my recollection.


 The road is too long, how can I make amendments to you?


 ...


 Xie Han Mo was also engrossed in it, her gaze shifted towards Fang Yuan, who was standing there activating the zither Gu with his full concentration.


 She thought to herself: “Is there sorrow in your heart as well?”


 Countless mermen shed tears.


 The pain of love and affection, these tears were hidden deep in their hearts.


 Was there true fulfillment in this world?


 Loneliness always existed.


 ...


 The white moonlight is somewhere in my heart.


 It is so bright, yet so icy cold.


 Everyone has their own sadness.


 Wanting to conceal it but it just keeps growing.


 ...


 As the song ended, the crowd remained silent.


 In the Gu house, Frost Tide tribe’s leader was stiff like a statue, shock expressed all over his face.


 The sea was calm and the dark clouds scattered, pure moonlight shone down on the giant seashell, enveloping Xie Han Mo and Fang Yuan.


 The two turned around slightly, looking at each other.



***
Chapter 1668 - Too Naive


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 As the music ended, the mermen started to converse among themselves.


 “What song is this? This is the first time I have heard it, it is simply too amazing.”


 “Did you all notice, the song was superb but Xie Han Mo was not skillful, her Gu worm manipulation had lots of errors.” Many mermen talked about it with strange expressions.


 The true reason was that Fang Yuan and Xie Han Mo did not practise this earlier. If they had even one practice, they would not make such mistakes.


 But even so, reaching such a level of cooperation in their first attempt, Xie Han Mo’s personal attainment was truly profound.


 “Right now, the sea is calm and the weather has changed, the dark clouds scattered and the moonlight reappeared. Regardless of Xie Han Mo’s mistakes, the results are evident.”


 “This should be a draw, in fact, Xie Han Mo should have a slight lead.”


 “It will depend on the next two songs.”


 The mermen were getting more excited about the rest of the Sea God Ceremony.


 The grand elder could notice many things, she let out a breath of air as the worry in her heart lifted.


 “What is going on?!” In the Gu house, Frost Tide tribe’s leader screamed.


 “It seems that although your scheme succeeded, an accident occurred.” Bu Su Lian squinted her eyes, focusing her gaze on Fang Yuan, she sighed in amazement: “This man is not so simple, no wonder Xie Han Mo took interest in him. I am a song expert, this is likely his own creation, this shows that this human has very high attainment in sound path.”


 2Frost Tide tribe’s leader expressed his suspicions: “There are countless songs in this world, how can you be sure that this was his creation?”


 Bu Su Lian smiled lightly, looking at Frost Tide tribe’s leader with an expression of disdain in her eyes: “You don’t understand.”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader’s face became even darker: “Bu Su Lian, can you speak clearly?!”


 Bu Su Lian chuckled coldly, ignoring Frost Tide tribe’s leader as she looked towards Fang Yuan with glistening eyes.


 Others would fear Frost Tide tribe’s leader’s political power but Bu Su Lian was an exception.


 This was not only because she was the spouse of a former tribe elder, but also because of her own talent and schemes.


 But Bu Su Lian guessed wrongly in the end, Fang Yuan was not the creator, this song was originally from Earth.


 “This song is unique and unheard of, it has to be a new creation by you. To think that you would have such high attainment in sound path, Fang Yuan.” Xie Han Mo walked down the stage and transmitted to Fang Yuan, showing appreciation and praise in her tone.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I am flattered, you saw for yourself, I even had to borrow a zither Gu, I do not have such a high sound path attainment.”


 “No need to be humble, being able to create such a song means that your sound path attainment is beyond ordinary, you might have a future if you change to cultivating sound path.” Xie Han Mo looked at Fang Yuan with a sincere and bright gaze.


 1Fang Yuan had already anticipated this.


 He did not want to explain it, because that was not important and he could not explain it clearly either.


 “The important thing now are the next two songs, if I am not wrong...” Fang Yuan hesitated.


 They walked down the stage as Dong Lei went up.


 Fang Yuan and Xie Han Mo might have had an impressive performance, but she was not flustered, she remained calm and composed.


 She started to sing, her moving voice attracted lots of fish groups to her.


 “As expected.” Fang Yuan snickered.


 Xie Han Mo’s gaze also became increasingly cold.


 Both guards looked at each other with bright red faces: “This bitch stole our song again!”


 “Don’t worry, I have a song prepared.” Fang Yuan smiled with deep confidence.


 After Dong Lei went down the stage, the two of them went up again.


 Fang Yuan played the music1window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "62be5e7a9c3b3f0027e1ad66", id: "pf-1778-1"}) while Xie Han Mo sang and danced.


 ...


 When did the bright moon first appear? One raises a cup and asks the blue sky.


 One does not know in the celestial palace, what year it is this evening.


 ...


 Once the song started, the atmosphere changed, all of the mermen shut their eyes in enjoyment.


 ...


 I wish to ride the wind and return there, yet I fear the jade towers; in a high dwelling, one cannot bear the cold.


 Starting to dance with one’s own shadow, how can it compare to life in the mortal world?


 The moon revolves around the red pavilion, hanging upon the silk windows, the light shines upon the sleepless.


 ...


 Xie Han Mo thought about about the time she was saintess, even though she had high authority, she was all alone, she became filled with deep emotions at this moment.


 I wish to return by riding the winds, but the position of saintess is like the jade tower that locks me in. The cold atmosphere is chilling, I cannot sleep, who is here to dance with me?


 ...


 I should not have resentment; but why is the moon always full at times of separation?


 People feel sorrow and joy upon partings and reunions, the moon can be dark or bright, full or crescent.


 These problems have existed since ancient times. Yet one hopes for longevity, a thousand miles apart, seeing the moon’s beauty together.


 ...


 As the song ended, the world went silent.


 Fish, prawns, turtles, crabs, all of the aquatic animals floated on the surface of the sea, scattered all over the place.


 Birds were fluttering in the sky, many were birds that flew in the day, they were drawn over from their slumber by this beautiful song.


 Beautiful lyrics and an enchanting tune, it pierced deep into everyone’s hearts, the mermen could not help themselves but listen.


 Xie Han Mo looked at Fang Yuan, she thought: “Was this a song he made for me?”


 She could feel resonance in the lyrics, she felt consolation and warmth from it. She was pure like the icy jade, but was maligned by outsiders, right now, all of the sadness and annoyance in her heart had faded, none of the rumors from before could affect her heart anymore.


 “He is someone who knows me.” At once, Xie Han Mo felt an indescribable feeling in her heart, she was truly moved.


 The results were clear, Fang Yuan and Xie Han Mo won by a margin again.


 Dong Lei’s face turned pale below the stage, she understood that if not for Xie Han Mo and Fang Yuan’s imperfect cooperation that led to certain mistakes, she would not even be able to sing the third song.


 “This person is a huge threat!” Frost Tide tribe’s leader gritted his teeth, slamming his fist onto the window of the Gu house.


 “You finally realized?” Bu Su Lian said plainly, mockery was in her words.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader snorted, he did not want to argue with Bu Su Lian.


 He needed to resolve this problem now, because at this rate, after the third song, Xie Han Mo was bound to win.


 “Fang Yuan is it? To think he is such a problem!”


 “I need to get rid of him!”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was determined to do this, but felt a huge headache. In normal times, he had countless methods against Fang Yuan, but now during the Sea God Ceremony, under everyone’s watchful eyes, he could do close to nothing.


 “What do I do?” Frost Tide tribe’s leader thought about it rapidly, his forehead was covered in sweat.


 After a long period of consideration, Frost Tide tribe’s leader finally acted.


 “Fang Yuan, I am Frost Tide tribe’s leader!” He directly transmitted to Fang Yuan, this was the most useful choice of action.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed but he did not reply.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader chuckled: “You can just listen to me, I know you are a smart guy but you are too young, you have aspirations that are too unrealistic and naive.”


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he replied: “I am not naive, this is my ideal, you won’t understand.”


 “That’s why I said you are foolish, lad, don’t think that you two are basking in fame now by standing there, you are just pawns. Look at the flag fluttering in the wind, its foundation is the pole. Think about it, what are you relying on?”


 “The grand elder? Just go ask around, what kind of person is she? She had the political power to suppress our faction but she chose to let you people be the vanguard. When Xie Han Mo investigated the corruption case, did she help you? She might have given you some clues or what not, but trust me, it was really not much of an effort.”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was quite eloquent, he added: “Or rather, even if you win and defend the title of saintess, so what? Do you think I will die? No, Frost Tide tribe is the largest faction in the Sacred Court, if I die, the entire Sacred Court will be in turmoil or even break apart. The grand elder does not have the guts or determination to do that, she only wants to keep me in check and prevent me from acting out of line.”


 “So in the end, no matter what you find out, I will still continue to live as Frost Tide tribe’s leader, at worst, I will sacrifice a few scapegoats and stop my overbearing actions.”


 “In the Sea God Ceremony, almost every saintess candidate is backed by their own force. Do you think this is simply a competition for the saintess position? No, this is a game, this is a way for the higher-ups to distribute resources for the next few decades without internal conflict. The force that has a saintess will get a bigger share of the pie, those who don’t will receive less.”


 “Fang Yuan, you might hate or detest these games that we play in the dark, but you must understand that in this sea, darkness is the true ruler. The so-called light merely shines at the surface of the sea, ordinary people might enjoy or indulge in its dazzling beauty, thinking that light is the truth of the sea, but they are just... too naive.”


 Fang Yuan was silent.



***
Chapter 1669 - Rejection


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the blue dragon whale grotto-heaven, the Merman Sacred City.


 The atmosphere in the inn was heavy.


 “What do we do?”


 “In the next test, Zhao Lu’s follower will be taking part. That person is famous in the seas, with him around, we have no chance of winning.”


 The two nannies had grim expressions.


 White-scaled merman Su Yi sat at the center as she held a cup in her hand, she was in a daze while looking at the tea inside.


 “Missy, you cannot hesitate anymore.”


 “That’s right, the Sea God Ceremony has already gone on for so long, only us and Zhao Lu are left, the rest have been eliminated. After the next round is the final test, once we get past this hurdle, we will be able to vie for the saintess position.”


 The two nannies urged anxiously.


 Su Yi sighed: “But what can we do now?”


 The nannies quickly came forward to Su Yi’s side.


 “Missy, didn’t our tribe find a strong expert that can fight against the enemy?”


 “That’s right, as long as we get him to fight, even if we cannot win, we will not get eliminated at least.”


 Su Yi’s gaze was lingering on the cup, she said in a long sigh: “I understand your suggestion, but did you forget something, I can only have four followers in this competition, these spots are all used up now. Even if the tribe invites an expert, we cannot use him.”


 The two nannies looked at each other with bright gazes.


 “So that’s it, Missy had such plans already but she could not say it personally.” They understood the reason now.


 Among them, one nanny said in a soft voice: “Missy, this matter can be easy or difficult depending on us. We just need to abandon one follower!”


 “That’s right.” The other nanny added: “According to the Sea God Ceremony’s rules, we cannot abandon followers easily, but if they are corrupted or have committed crimes, for the purity of the Sea God Ceremony and the saintess, we can expel them with proper reason. With that freed follower position, we can then invite the expert into our group, right?”


 Su Yi’s expression changed as she rejected: “This is not appropriate. The Sea God Ceremony is such a huge event, if a scandal occurs, that person’s reputation would be tarnished for life, they would never be able to clear their name. All of my followers have helped me greatly, how can I repay gratitude with enmity?”


 “Oh Missy, a great person would not mind small sacrifices, so what if we have to give up someone?”


 “I would suggest we target that Xia Lin. She has no background and is a mermaid that nobody will care about, who knows what luck she had to be able to obtain that gather oil Gu.” Seeing Su Yi’s displeasure, Nanny Rong added: “Of course, we are not framing her, we are trying to move her with logic, Xia Lin looks like an understanding young lady after all. Missy, leave this to me, I will negotiate with her, it is okay if we pay a small price. Compared to the saintess position, it is evident which is more important!”


 “This...” Su Yi hesitated.


 The other nanny quickly added: “Missy, we are not forcing or harming Xia Lin. We are seeking her cooperation, in any case, so what if she loses some reputation? Xia Lin is a poor girl, she needs some materialistic gains more. It is very likely that after hearing our suggestion, she might become very happy and would want to deal with us, she is merely trading reputation for huge benefits!”


 “Leave, let me consider it first...” Su Yi frowned as she asked them to leave.


 1The two nannies looked at each other before leaving.


 Days later, rumors regarding Xia Lin spread throughout the city.


 “That’s her, the shameless mermaid who betrayed her benefactor Su Yi just to gain the favor of the rich and noble!”


 “No wonder Lady Su Yi was always at a disadvantage, she had a traitor after all.”


 “I want nothing more than to tear the tendons and skin out of this scoundrel.”


 “She is truly shameless, I can’t believe she is still coming to find Su Yi at this time!”


 Xia Lin bit her lips, walking up the inn’s stairs under everyone’s accusations.


 “Stand there.” Halfway through, mermaid Nanny Rong blocked Xia Lin with a cold expression.


 “I was framed, I want to see Sister Su Yi!” Xia Lin raised her head, looking at Nanny Rong with an anxious expression.


 Nanny Rong laughed coldly: “Xia Lin, you still want to act? Missy was very upset after hearing the news, you still want to see her now during a crucial moment of the Sea God Ceremony? You are truly vicious, you want to annoy our Missy and cause her to make mistakes in the competition later?”


 “That’s not it, Nanny Rong, listen to me...”


 “Listen to what? What is there to say! You are a shameless scum, we were blind to accept you into our group. Scram!” Nanny Rong lost her patience, she screamed in a shrill voice, being very overbearing.


 “You don’t believe me but I believe in Sister Su Yi, if I don’t get to see her, I will not leave!” Xia Lin’s eyes were red, a light of stubbornness flickered in them.


 “You are forcing me to chase you away?” Nanny Rong said sinisterly.


 “Stop.” At this time, Su Yi appeared, walking down the stairs.


 “Sister Su Yi!” Xia Lin was overjoyed, she wanted to move forward but Nanny Rong’s arms blocked her path.


 “Xia Lin...” Su Yi said to Xia Lin with a complex tone.


 “Sister Su Yi, you need to believe me, I did not betray you!” Xia Lin shouted.


 “Do you need us to investigate it?” At this moment, a group of mermen charged into the inn, they drew all the attention away.


 This group of mermen walked towards Xia Lin as they said: “Xia Lin right? I am the Sacred City’s investigator, someone reported you for corruption, you betrayed Su Yi and tried to ruin the sacred Sea God Ceremony, you tried to manipulate the saintess’ competition. We are now arresting you, follow us and tell us everything that you did.”


 “No, I am innocent!” Xia Lin turned pale from fright, she shouted loudly in retaliation.


 “We will investigate whether you are innocent or not.” The investigator was very cold.


 “No, I will not leave with you, I was framed, someone framed me!” Xia Lin was frightful, she continued to shake her head.


 “You don’t want to leave with us? Hmph, you don’t have a choice! Come, arrest her!” The investigator ordered as the merman Gu Masters behind him acted.


 “Wait.” At this moment, Su Yi spoke.


 “Sister Su Yi!” Xia Lin’s eyes shined with a light of hope.


 But Su Yi shook her head: “Sister Xia Lin, I do not believe that you betrayed me, but the investigator is here, we need to believe in Sacred City’s justice! I believe that they will clear your name, go with them, as long as the results come out, your innocence will be proven, right?”


 “Sister Su Yi...” Xia Lin’s eyes turned dim.


 “Go, go with them.”


 Xia Lin lowered her head, walking towards the investigator: “I was framed, but I will go with you.”


 The investigator nodded in satisfaction: “That’s right, come with us.”


 Xia Lin was quickly brought into the interrogation room.


 COMMENT


 “These information path Gu worms are all evidence, take a good look, I will give you some advice, don’t think you can get out of this!” The investigator smiled sinisterly, pointing at the information path mortal Gu on the table.


 Xia Lin looked into them one by one.


 Soon, shock was expressed all over her face: “These videos and voices are all fake, I have never said such things!”


 “That is your explanation against all this evidence? Who would believe you?!” The investigator chuckled.


 “I have never said such things! I...” Xia Lin was anxious.


 The investigator raised his arm, stopping Xia Lin from talking, he smiled: “I know you were framed.”


 Xia Lin was stunned: “What, what did you say?”


 “You were framed.” The investigator repeated himself.


 Xia Lin was stunned, she blinked before saying: “In that case, why did you...”


 “Because this was Lady Su Yi’s request.” The investigator laughed again.


 “What do you mean? Don’t try to sow discord between us!” Xia Lin was enraged.


 “You are truly a naive little girl. Let me explain it to you then. You know who Lady Su Yi’s father is right? Do you know the current situation of the Sea God Ceremony...”


 COMMENT


 The investigator spoke as Xia Lin went into deep shock upon hearing his words.


 After a long while, she reacted: “I do not believe that this is sister Su Yi’s plot! If she wants me to step down, I can leave. If she told me herself, I would not have rejected her.”


 The investigator looked at Xia Lin with a mocking expression, rebuking mercilessly: “Is the Sea God Ceremony an event where you can just leave like that? If anyone could just step down, this competition would just be a pure contest between forces. The only way to step down is by force, at the same time, that position left behind could be filled again.”


 Xia Lin said in a daze: “A situation like this...”


 The investigator smiled: “Indeed, you’ve grown smarter. Alright, you have two choices now, the first choice is to deny this evidence and fight for your innocence. But this evidence is concrete, nobody will believe your words.”


 “The second choice is to cooperate with us, admit to the crime and even though you will lose reputation, we will repay you with abundant resources. Choose now.”


 Xia Lin smiled bitterly, lowering her head.


 Did she have a choice?


 The other party tricked her into this interrogation room, at this point, she could no longer reject them.


 Even if she tried to, she would still be framed and trialled as guilty.


 She did not have the strength to resist them, she did not have the right to reject them!


 Silence.


 After a long silence.


 The investigator spoke: “Xia Lin, if you keep silent any longer, I will take it that you accept our proposition. The facts are simple and clear, I believe a smart person will make a wise choice. This benefits both of us, isn’t that right?”


 “I reject the offer.” Xia Lin suddenly raised her head as she spoke.



***
Chapter 1670 - Racing Heart


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Reject?” The investigator frowned, a cold light flickered in his eyes and his tone became much tougher: “Young lady, think properly. You are young, you should not be impulsive, you need to know the weak cannot contend with the strong, let alone that you can’t even be considered weak.”


 “I know I have no one to rely on, I am just a small character, which was why you all targeted me, isn’t that so?” Xia Lin looked straight at the investigator, her tone was filled with mockery but also bitterness and helplessness: “But you don’t have to worry, I won’t make a useless retaliation or file a complaint. I accept your false accusation, I will consider it as paying back Sister Su Yi’s kindness. I don’t want any compensation, from now on, we no longer have any debt to each other, we will just be strangers.”


 1The investigator revealed a surprised expression as he looked at Xia Lin firmly. In the dim room, Xia Lin’s eyes seemed to shine brightly. This pair of bright eyes directly shined on the investigator’s heart, making him unable to match her gaze!


 He quickly moved his gaze: “You can leave, I hope you can uphold what you said.”


 “I will.” Xia Lin stood up and left with a calm expression that contained no anxiety.


 Several days later.


 “Lady Xia Lin, it is not that our inn does not want to do business with you but that the public sentiment is too fierce and many people have made reports. If we continue to let you stay here, they will...” The innkeeper said with a bitter expression.


 Xia Lin stopped him from continuing the story: “I understand your situation, I will leave then.”


 “I thank you for the understanding, Lady Xia Lin, you truly are a good person.” The innkeeper said as he thanked profusely and gratefully.


 Xia Lin packed up her luggage and left her room, walking down the stairs.


 “Look, it is her!”


 “This woman secretly betrayed Lady Su Yi for her own personal gains.”


 “This kind of person is simply tarnishing the Sea God Ceremony and our Sacred City.”


 The Gu Masters inside the hall saw Xia Lin and started discussing while pointing fingers at her.


 Xia Lin heard them but walked out of the inn with a calm and composed expression.


 When she arrived at the wide main street, a bustling tide of people was moving along the path.


 “Today is the day of the second last test of the Sea God Ceremony.”


 “I can barely wait, today is sure to be spectacular!”


 “Do you guys know? Su Yi had been in a disadvantageous position for so long because there was a spy by her side.”


 “Who does not know of it? It’s Xia Lin! As the saying goes, no matter how vigilant one is, they cannot defend against an internal threat.”


 ...


 Most of the people did not recognize Xia Lin, their attention was on the Sea God Ceremony as they hurried towards the central square.


 Even if some people recognized Xia Lin, they were not absolutely certain. The Sacred City was extremely crowded at this time, it was normal for there to be one or two people with similar appearances.


 The atmosphere was bustling, the people were jostling through the street as joy filled everyone.


 Xia Lin mixed in with the crowd, her expression was tranquil, a stark contrast with her surroundings.


 She had felt happy before, but now, it was like layers of heavy mist had gathered in her nostrils, making her feel difficulty in breathing.


 She could no longer feel happy in this Sacred City or satisfy her curiosity.


 “Maybe, I will never come here again in my life.” Xia Lin raised her head slightly, looking at the tall buildings.


 These buildings seemed to be slanting down, the whole Sacred City seemed to be pressing towards her.


 Xia Lin felt increasingly depressed and frustrated, she quickened her pace and left the crowd, walking into a dark alley.


 The alley was dim and dark, trash was piled up in corners, spreading stench throughout the alley.


 Xia Lin, however, felt her breathing become much smoother as if a huge weight had been lifted out of her heart.


 Walking in this dark alley devoid of people, Xia Lin’s raised head drooped slowly.


 “How did I reach this state?” She asked herself but obtained no answer.


 Her eyes reddened and she soon turned tearful.


 She was still a young girl, her previous strong attitude was just a facade.


 “Hello, young lady!” Three mermen suddenly walked out of a corner of the alley.


 Xia Lin was dazed for a moment before turning vigilant.


 These three mermen were hooligans, their ill intentions were clearly exposed by their gazes. More importantly, every one of them was a rank two Gu Master.


 Xia Lin was also only rank two.


 “What do you want?” Xia Lin took a step back.


 “What do we want? Hehehe!” The three mermen looked at each other, laughing deviously at the same time.


 “Young lady, our encounter was fated, why be in a hurry to leave?”


 “Even if you want to leave now, it is too late.”


 At this moment, two rank two merman Gu Masters walked towards Xia Lin from behind.


 1Xia Lin’s heart sank, not only was it five against one, both the front and rear paths were blocked. Although this alley was not far from the main street, these people were all Gu Masters and had clearly been lying in ambush; they definitely had methods to suppress the commotion.


 The five mermen approached Xia Lin menacingly.


 1Xia Lin was panicking, she retreated again and again till her back touched the wall.


 The cold wall made her feel even more helpless.


 She gritted her teeth, her brows rose as she suddenly said: “Come, even if I die, I will drag you down with me.”


 “Oh dear, the little girl has guts!”


 “Quite fiery, big brother likes such girls.”


 The five mermen giggled in amusement, they showed no fear but their footsteps had slowed down.


 Bump.


 Suddenly, Xia Lin felt an intense dizziness.


 She was attacked!


 Her mind was filled with fright as she turned to look back with difficulty, she saw the wall melt down from which the sixth merman Gu Master walked out.


 “They got me!” The moment before she fell unconscious, Xia Lin’s heart turned cold.


 “She is down...”


 “Hahaha, boss, your method is truly amazing!”


 “Quickly clean up this place, the Sea God Ceremony is currently ongoing after all!”


 The six mermen gathered around Xia Lin.


 “Wake up, wake up...” A deep voice lingered in the darkness.


 Xia Lin slowly opened her eyes, the alley was once again reflected in her eyes. The pain behind her head reminded her, she got a fright and quickly struggled to stand up.


 She then saw the six mermen lying on the ground motionless in strange postures.


 A human Gu Master was standing in the middle of the six mermen.


 Xia Lin cried out with joy: “Master Chu, it’s you!”


 “It’s me. I have been observing the Sea God Ceremony from the start, I heard of your matter as well, you were tossed aside by Su Yi, right?” Fang Yuan slightly smiled.


 Xia Lin’s tear immediately started to fall as she sobbed: “Master Chu, you...”


 “I have good judgment of people, although I have only met you a few times, you are not that kind of person.” Fang Yuan continued.


 Xia Lin could not hold it in anymore as she covered her face and started crying, like a wronged child finally getting vindicated.


 Fang Yuan quietly watched her cry for sometime before patting her shoulder: “Let’s go.”


 “To where?” Xia Lin was slightly dazed.


 “I am also slightly responsible for your current situation.” Fang Yuan sighed: “If I did not give you gather oil Gu, you would not have been targeted by Su Yi and participated in this Sea God Ceremony. So, I am taking you with me, follow me and leave.”


 “Okay.” Xia Lin nodded, she no longer had no interest in Sacred City.


 Fang Yuan led the way while Xia Lin obediently followed behind him.


 At the end of the alley, there was another branch of the main street, it was also crowded with the stores at the sides enjoying bustling business. At the center of the street, there was a lion dance team.


 Facing the crowd again, Xia Lin immediately felt some fear and disgust, but Fang Yuan had already walked ahead so she could only follow.


 Snap.


 The moment they walked out of the alley, Fang Yuan snapped his fingers.


 The next scene stupefied Xia Lin, her mouth opened so wide that it could swallow an egg. She shockingly saw the whole street coming to a standstill.


 “This, this...” She was unable to speak.


 “Just a small trick, come.” Fang Yuan waved towards her before entering the crowd.


 Xia Lin quickened her pace, following behind closely.


 This was a wondrous situation that she had never experienced before!


 She walked right past two mermen who looked like they were having a close conversation and seemed to be lovers. She looked at a store where a customer seemed to be haggling price with the clerk, spittle flew out of the clerk’s mouth and was suspended in the air, almost landing on the customer’s face.


 There was a dog which was moving past the tightly packed legs and merman tails. Its body was bent as it was moving around a blue scaled merman, its three legs were raised high while one was on the ground.


 Xia Lin stared widely at these people with various lives, the liveliness in them made her forget her depression and frustration.


 Fang Yuan was extremely agile and walked quite quickly, it was quite tiring for Xia Lin to follow him.


 Bump.


 In a moment of carelessness, she bumped into a sturdy human Gu Master.


 The human Gu Master swayed, his posture was still the same walking posture from before but his feet had almost left the ground, he started tilting to the side.


 “Sorry!” She was just about to prop up this human Gu Master when she was grabbed by Fang Yuan.


 2“Here.” Fang Yuan gave her a mask.


 “Master Chu, this...” Xia Lin was puzzled, Fang Yuan did not lead her away from the street but brought her in front of that lion dance team.


 The mask that Fang Yuan gave her was colorful and made from fish scales and bird feathers.


 Fang Yuan pointed to the lion dance team: “Don’t you think it lacks two key characters?”


 Xia Lin nodded: “They are playing the sea lion winter spring opera, they are short of the male and female leading characters, a filial fisherman and a traveling mermaid princess. But I think this performance was a spontaneous idea, they are not a real opera team, it is normal for them to not have all the characters.”


 Likely at the start, one Gu Master put on the opera costume and makeup for his own entertainment. Later, along the way, more Gu Masters joined in.


 These people were generally opera fans and loved such culture.


 In fact, there were all kinds of traditional opera and plays that existed in the grotto-heaven, it was the trending entertainment of this paradise.


 “My method can only last for a short while, put on the mask quickly, we will move with the crowd.” Fang Yuan hurried Xia Lin, not giving her the chance to refuse.


 “Oh, okay.” Xia Lin subconsciously took the mask and when she wore it, her heart suddenly calmed down.


 No one would recognize her like this.


 The mental pressure on her had greatly reduced.


 But shortly afterwards, her face blushed. Because she saw Fang Yuan wear a mask and it was the mask of the filial fisherman.


 “Doesn’t this mean that Master Chu and I are the main male and female characters?”


 Xia Lin’s heart started to race wildly!



***
Chapter 1671 - Life and Mask


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Snap.


 Fang Yuan snapped his fingers once again.


 5The surroundings immediately started moving again from the motionless state.


 That merman couple continued to walk forward while holding hands.


 Amidst the haggling at the stall, the saliva spit landed on the customer’s face but he did not realize it.


 The small dog’s three legs landed on the ground, it smoothly moved past the blue scaled merman and continued to pass nimbly through the crowd of legs.


 Xia Lin took everything in with surprise and curiosity.


 This was too magical!


 “Master Chu’s methods are truly powerful! This is probably a rank five time path killer move.”


 1Xia Lin guessed.


 Plop.


 That male Gu Master, who Xia Lin had collided into, fell down to the ground and even affected the person behind, creating a small chaos.


 “You are so big, don’t you know how to walk?” Someone scolded.


 “Sorry, sorry.” The well-built male Gu Master politely apologized. This was, after all, the Sacred City of the mermen, meanwhile, the people in this paradise were less irritable than in the five regions.


 “I was walking properly, how could I trip? Strange.” The male Gu Master looked puzzled as he quickly stood up and moved with the crowd.


 Xia Lin apologized softly while gazing at the receding figure of the male Gu Master.


 However, she felt a bit of joy like that of a prankster. Just as she was about to criticize herself, her hand was grabbed by Fang Yuan.


 “Follow me!” Fang Yuan dragged her to the lion dance team.


 The lion dance team was stunned at first before dancing even more joyfully, the accompanying music was immediately raised.


 “We have all the characters now, haha!” One dancer laughed heartily.


 “You know how to dance, right?” Fang Yuan smiled and moved his legs, he was playing the role of the filial fisherman, his movements were subtle and natural, having their own beauty.


 2The surrounding people immediately cheered and hooted, Fang Yuan followed the crowd while dancing towards Xia Lin.


 “Your turn.” Fang Yuan’s voice was secretly transmitted to Xia Lin’s ears.


 Xia Lin’s heart was beating loudly from nervousness. Despite her practising this play often when she was a child, she had never performed before a large crowd.


 She began to dance with stiff movements.


 Fang Yuan laughed as he took her hands and led her.


 He secretly used wisdom path methods, Xia Lin immediately started feeling nimble, all kinds of dance postures of this play surfaced in her mind with extreme clarity.


 The two sang and danced and moved along with the crowd.


 The lion dance team was wearing colorful costumes and strange-looking masks. There were also some who jointly acted as an enormous golden sea lion. They attracted attention wherever they moved.


 And as the male and female protagonists of the team, even more eyes were focused on Fang Yuan and Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin was extremely tense at the start but the more she danced, the better and more confident she felt. She was immersed in the joyful atmosphere, forgetting about the injustice she suffered as cheers, shouts, and whistling filled her ears.


 Even when Xia Lin made some mistakes in her movements, there was only kind laughter.


 The crowd continued to move, some left the lion dance team while some joined.


 Unknowingly, Xia Lin started laughing brightly.


 An unprecedented level of happiness which she had never felt before in the Sacred City filled her heart.


 She was immersed in this happiness, unable to extricate herself from it. At the same time, she felt fear that this was not real.


 “It truly is like I am dreaming!” Xia Lin’s heart was filled with emotions, her gaze never leaving Fang Yuan.


 “Time to leave.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s movements changed, he dragged Xia Lin away from the opera team and walked to the side of the street.


 Xia Lin was caught unprepared and got pulled directly into Fang Yuan’s embrace.


 She bumped into Fang Yuan’s chest, a strong manly smell entered her nose. She quickly held the mask that had almost fallen down, hiding her reddened face.


 “Here.” Fang Yuan moved quickly while pulling her, walking into an alley.


 It was another lonely alley with dim lighting and the stench of garbage.


 Fang Yuan released Xia Lin’s hand and quickly walked ahead.


 Xia Lin immediately felt an empty feeling as she followed behind.


 The two moved in the long alley, one in front and another in back. Fang Yuan did not utter a sound, the alley echoing his monotonous footsteps.


 The sounds from the rowdy street became softer and softer as they moved further into the alley.


 A lonely and cold feeling pervaded Xia Lin’s body and heart.


 The previous happiness and joyful feelings started disappearing from Xia Lin’s heart. Gradually, worries began to find her once again, and her previous depression began to surge.


 Xia Lin wanted to find some topics to talk with Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan had been moving ahead without even turning his head back. The oppressive atmosphere made Xia Lin not dare to casually speak.


 Finally, they reached the exit of the alley.


 The street here, although not as lively as the previous, was also filled with crowds and was boisterous.


 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped and turned towards Xia Lin: “Have you thought it through?”


 Xia Lin was stunned: “Thought... thought what through?”


 Fang Yuan smiled, pointing at the mask Xia Lin was wearing: “Do you want to wear it to cross the street or do you want to walk in the crowd showing your own face?”


 Xia Lin was stunned again.


 Fang Yuan continued: “I took off my mask when I entered the alley, but you are still wearing it. Why? Do you feel ashamed? Do you feel afraid of looking at people with your face? Worried that if you confront life, you will lose the happiness from earlier?”


 A series of questions caught Xia Lin unprepared and unable to reply.


 After a while of silence, she seemed to have understood something as she took down the mask, revealing her face: “Master Chu, I understand your intentions, thank you, I truly thank you. I am only an ordinary mermaid...”


 Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, interrupting her: “I have said it before, your current situation is largely because of me, I need to compensate you for this.”


 “Master, what are you saying? You have shown enormous kindness to me by gifting me gather oil Gu. You don’t owe me anything at all, in fact, it is I who owes you everything!” Xia Lin quickly said.


 “That is how you interpret it, not me.” Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression turning solemn: “Look back on it, you were previously taunted and jeered by others, but just earlier, you were showered with welcomes and cheers, what is the reason for such a big difference? Could it because of this mask? But in fact, you had been yourself all along, isn’t that so?”


 Xia Lin nodded.


 Fang Yuan looked at the street outside the alley and pointed at the passing crowd: “Take a look now, these people don’t want to inspect your true self and who Xia Lin truly is. When we were dancing and singing, they also did not want to know our names. They are only expressing their attitude, the true situation is not important to them. Ordinary people chase after the truth because they are usually angry and indignant about being made a fool of.”


 “So to them, we are not important at all, and to us, their attitude should similarly not be important.”


 Xia Lin took a deep breath: “Master Chu, thank you for comforting me, I truly can’t thank you enough...”


 “I have not finished speaking. Since the attitude of outsiders is not important, what is truly important in our lives?” Fang Yuan asked with a smile.


 Xia Lin was stunned for the third time: “Master, forgive my ignorance...”


 Fang Yuan pointed at Xia Lin and then pointed at himself: “It is us, ourselves. It is our truest feelings. Ask yourself, listen to the voice in the depths of your heart. What do you want to do, what kind of person you want to become, where do you want to go? You will obtain the answer in the depths of your heart.”


 “If you want to travel, then travel around the world. If you want to treat others well, then treat them properly. If you want to attempt flying, then collect money and resources to purchase and practice flying Gu worms.”


 Fang Yuan pointed at the alley then at the street: “If you want to remain in the alley, you can stay. If you want to walk into the street and enjoy the event with others, then walk out. Don’t mistreat your own feelings because of their attitude. If you mistreat yourself frequently, then you will end up with regrets, you will constantly wear a mask to act as another person, you will no longer be yourself.”


 1The moment she heard that, Xia Lin felt that her mind had cleared up, it was as if she received enlightenment, all her previous worries and distress were swept away entirely.



***
Chapter 1672 - Stop Being So Naive


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Master, I will never forget your guidance in my life!” The mermaid took a step back and bowed solemnly towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “My efforts were not in vain. But sometimes, it is easier said than done, I’ll ask you now, what is it that you want to do the most at this moment?”


 Xia Lin hesitated.


 “I want to follow you!” This was the first thing that popped up in her mind.


 But before she spoke, she saw Fang Yuan shaking his head: “You still haven’t thought properly, you have time to think about it later. Actually, I am not concerned about what you want to do. Do you know what I want to do?”


 Xia Lin shook her head, but at the next moment, her eyes opened wide and her body stiffened.


 Because Fang Yuan had slowly stretched out his hand and stroked her face.


 Thump thump thump thump thump!


 Xia Lin’s face blushed red, her heart thumped wildly, and watery ripples appeared in her eyes.


 She felt Fang Yuan’s wide palm and the warmth from it, this feeling was like a slight electric shock that transmitted to her body and mind. It was clearly an ordinary action but Xia Lin was unable to even budge.


 Fang Yuan took back his hand: “You still have a mask on.”


 Xia Lin was puzzled but she heard Fang Yuan speak: “Sometimes, we wear a mask of our own initiative, sometimes, others force us to wear a mask. Right now, I want to take away the mask on your face, cooperate with me, okay?”


 “Mas... master, you don’t need...” Xia Lin vaguely knew what Fang Yuan wanted to do as she stuttered.


 Fang Yuan shook his hand: “I will not be happy unless I take this mask off. I don’t want to betray my feelings, since you feel that you owe me, then cooperate with me as compensation, okay?”


 How could Xia Lin refuse after hearing this?


 She knelt on the ground and made three kowtows to Fang Yuan before quietly standing up: “Master Chu, I will do whatever you want me to do!”


 “Okay, then become the saintess.”


 “What?!”


 Several days later.


 The Sea God Ceremony’s final test had gathered the attention of everyone.


 Su Yi was looking at Xia Lin with shock as if she had seen a ghost.


 The two nannies were also stunned.


 Following the grand elder’s explanation, the crowd went into a commotion.


 Su Yi was very confident of victory because her competitor had suffered heavy injuries in the previous round and was unable to step up to compete in such a short duration.


 But who could have thought that a surprise would occur.


 The competitor’s younger sister who had been separated for many years was found, it was this mermaid, Xia Lin!


 “Isn’t this too melodramatic?”


 “Unbelievable!”


 “Xia Lin... isn’t she the person who betrayed Su Yi for her own gains?”


 “That is a lie that Su Yi’s supporters spread intentionally. The true reason is that Su Yi wanted to free up a follower quota. I heard that investigator pleaded guilty, his conversation where he pressured Xia Lin was recorded and is ironclad evidence!”


 “This is more dramatic than an opera play.”


 The discussions among the audience became more heated.


 The two nannies conversed secretly:


 “What is going on?”


 “How did the public sentiment change all of a sudden?”


 “Also, we never arranged for the investigator, why did he admit guilt for no reason?”


 Su Yi’s expression was extremely unsightly, while Xia Lin was calmly looking at the crowd. Fang Yuan’s guidance had elevated her mind and spirit to another level.


 Su Yi felt even more stifled when she saw that Xia Lin did not even look at her, she snorted coldly: “Xia Lin, I truly didn’t think we would meet again and in this way.”


 “I also didn’t expect this.” Xia Lin looked at Su Yi and said honestly. The huge setbacks and gains that she experienced over these days felt like a dream.


 Su Yi snorted once again: “No matter what scheme you have, this last test is not something a casually selected mermaid can pass. This Sea God Ceremony’s saintess position is mine.”


 “Oh.” Xia Lin lightly replied.


 Su Yi felt like her provocation had ended up hitting air, she felt terribly irritated.


 Xia Lin scanned through the surrounding crowd once again, there were too many people.


 “Master Chu said he will watch me from the crowd. But where is he? I am not able to find him at all. Could he have disguised his appearance? He has vast mystical prowess, if he wants to hide, I will never be able to find him.”


 “After this matter is over, I will tell him I want to follow him. I wonder if he will agree?”


 Xia Lin’s mind lingered on this question, compared to the answer to this question, the saintess position did not have any attraction to her.


 In the first round, Xia Lin was slightly better than Su Yi.


 In the second round, Xia Lin won against Su Yi by a little.


 This result greatly surpassed expectations, causing the audience to be in a commotion, everyone revealed shock.


 Fang Yuan, who was hiding among the audience, looked shocked like the surrounding people, but his heart was tranquil.


 He had trained Xia Lin over these days, using immortal level time path methods to gain a large amount of time to train her to a certain level.


 Along with Fang Yuan’s personally chosen songs, which were unique, and the sound path Gu worms he prepared specially for Xia Lin.


 Moreover, when Su Yi and Xia Lin stepped on the stage to sing, Fang Yuan had even secretly tampered and influenced their performances. The former’s performance became choppy while the latter’s performance became increasingly better due to his support.


 “Besides us outsiders, there is probably no Gu Immortal in this grotto-heaven. Now that I am using immortal level methods, is there any worry that I can’t control this grand ceremony of mortal Gu Masters?”


 “What should we do? The third round is about to start.” The two nannies were sweating from anxiety, they were sent by the clan to specially assist Su Yi. If Su Yi did not get the saintess position, they would have to suffer the punishment.


 Su Yi was pale as she looked at Xia Lin.


 Everything felt like a dream!


 As far as Su Yi was concerned, Xia Lin was a dull and ordinary girl. It was only because she possessed gather oil Gu and was a mermaid that Su Yi had used her.


 Although she had not felt comfortable doing this to Xia Lin, she did not feel like it was a huge deal.


 Even if Xia Lin wanted to take revenge, what revenge could she take? She, a person with no background and only rank two cultivation, wasn’t she asking for others to use her?


 If not for the saintess position being in sight and Su Yi not wanting to divert her attention, she would have taken the chance to scheme for Xia Lin’s rank five Gu worm.


 This was not considered repaying kindness with enmity!


 Could a rank two Gu Master protect a rank five Gu worm?


 A person’s wealth is their own ruin by causing another’s greed.


 So, to Su Yi, rather than Xia Lin being killed by others in the future, it was better to persuade Xia Lin to offer gather oil Gu to the clan of her own initiative. Like this, her own side would obtain benefits and she would also not die, it could also be considered as Su Yi helping her.


 This was a small plan in Su Yi’s mind. But, as the saintess position was too important, Su Yi did not dare to split her attention and also did not want to attract criticism, so she could only spare Xia Lin for the moment.


 If it were before and someone told her Xia Lin would be her biggest obstacle in becoming the saintess, Su Yi would have replied with only a chuckle: Hehe.


 Now though, Su Yi wanted to say ‘hehe’ to herself, life was truly too cruel.


 With Fang Yuan personally forging a fake identity for Xia Lin, who would be able to see through it?


 Nobody in this huge Sacred City could!


 So this evidence which proved Xia Lin’s identity was irrefutable and ironclad. Even Su Yi believed Xia Lin’s identity was truly like so.


 “Oh destiny, this is truly too big of a joke.” Su Yi heaved a deep sigh.


 “Young miss, what should we do?” The two nannies were out of ideas.


 “We cannot do anything in front of such a large crowd, we also don’t have the time. There is only one option left, I will personally persuade her.” Su Yi remained silent for a while before uttering through clenched teeth.


 She transmitted her voice to Xia Lin: “Xia Lin, I am Su Yi.”


 Xia Lin was surprised, but her expression calmed down quickly as she replied: “What’s the matter?”


 Su Yi organized her thoughts and said: “I want to make a deal with you, lose the next round and let me be the saintess. I swear in the name of the Sea God that I will pay a price that will satisfy you completely. Even if my power is not enough, my family will be able to satisfy you.”


 Xia Lin remained silent for a moment before saying: “Sorry but I....”


 “Don’t be in a hurry to reject me, Xia Lin. You are too young, maybe you still don’t recognize the significance of the saintess position. What do you think the saintess is? Just a belief? Or a superficial selection? Both are wrong! It involves benefits, it involves the interests of the whole Sacred City’s higher-ups, this is a political game.”


 “I know you want to take revenge against me, but do you know your situation is extremely dangerous right now. Once you become the saintess, you will be in an even bigger danger. Your elder sister’s side pushed you to the stage because they did not have other candidates, so they are only putting up a front. Once you become the saintess, they will use all their strength to make you into their puppet, they will make you do things that match their benefits.”


 “Although I have not been in much contact with you, I understand you. You are pure and kind, if you become the saintess, you will probably try to fight for benefits of the mermen and mermaids. But you definitely won’t succeed because you are not a person of any political force, you are just an outsider. Unless you join one of the forces and become the representative of their benefits, or else you will be excluded by everyone and will become the most powerless saintess in history.”


 “But if you choose to transact with me, the benefits you will obtain will surpass your imagination. It will be much more than the benefits you can obtain from your elder sister’s side. Please believe in my sincerity!”


 Su Yi had an amazingly eloquent tongue, even Xia Lin felt moved.


 But she replied: “Lady Su Yi, I understand your sincerity, but I cannot agree to you in this matter.”


 “Why?” Su Yi’s tone was hurried: “You think I am deceiving you? Although it is cruel, what I have said are all truthful. Stop being so... so naive, okay?”


 Xia Lin remained silent.



***
Chapter 1673 - Gu Yue Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s first life of five hundred years.


 Sea God Ceremony.


 Naive?


 Facing Frost Tide tribe’s leader’s long-winded speech, Fang Yuan fell into silence.


 But he only fell silent for a short period before he chuckled and transmitted his voice: “You think I am not aware of what you said? You think I am an inexperienced youngster? No, I understand all these tricks, clearly in fact. I know these truths and have accepted them.”


 Fang Yuan was forced to leave Qing Mao Mountain, wandering about in Southern Border before going to Western Desert and then to Eastern Sea. He struggled at the border of death, he had to worry about one or two primeval stones. He had to bow down and grovel before the strong and this destitute life. He had also once gained a high status, listening to reports from his subordinates while drinking tea.


 1He had been lowly, he had been glorious, he had been lofty, he had been ordinary.


 Considering his life on Earth and the experiences after crossing over to this world, his vision was already beyond normal people, his experiences were plentiful, and he was very knowledgeable.


 How could such a person not understand these worldly affairs?


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was frustrated, replying quickly: “Since you know these truths, then you should know you are taking great risks now! This is our merman internal political battle, what are you, a weak human Gu Master, doing by meddling? You like Xie Han Mo? I can guarantee that after this matter is finished, I will gift you many more beautiful mermaids! Don’t doubt my sincerity, I can swear an oath to the Sea God!”


 “There is indeed no need to doubt the sincerity of a merman who swears an oath to the Sea God. But...” Fang Yuan continued: “Although I accept these truths, it does not mean I like them. You think I like Xie Han Mo? No, no, I only want to help her. Why am I taking such risks to help her? Because I have my own principle, favors must be repaid, hatred must be returned.”


 “I have used lifespan Gu, I have lived much longer than you can imagine. I used to wish for a long life before, but now, I am tired of this thought. Life has become increasingly boring. Sometimes, the final destination of the journey is not important, the important thing is the process of the journey and how you feel during the journey.”


 1Frost Tide tribe’s leader involuntarily opened his eyes wide at these words, it was hard for him to understand Fang Yuan’s way of life: “You are saying the position of saintess is not important, the important thing is helping Xie Han Mo in this competition?”


 “Correct, but there is still more. You talked of the dark side of politics and promised to gift me mermaid beauties, both have no importance to me. Let me put it this way so you might understand a little, I have lived long enough that I am already sick of wearing a mask to live. Death is not scary to me at all. Right now, I only want to live using my truest emotions and feelings, I will achieve my goals in my own way. Only by living like this can I feel the excitement of life and the desire towards living!”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was dumbstruck and stupefied, he finally understood as he shouted: “So that’s it, you are a lunatic! You have said so much but they are nothing more than saying you have lived long enough and don’t want to live anymore! So be it you were a Gu Immortal, but you, a mere rank three Gu Master, want to live life your own way? You are dreaming!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “You think becoming a Gu Immortal can allow people to live according to their will? Live without wearing a mask? A place with people has society and conflict. Survival and living are two different things. The way you want to live does not have to depend on your strength and cultivation level, but your own heart.”


 After a brief pause, Fang Yuan continued: “Actually, low strength is also quite interesting. When you live without a mask, low strength will allow you to face more difficulties and challenges of reality; surpass these difficulties, face these challenges, and life becomes much more wonderful.”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader stood stupefied, his eyes and mouth were wide open as he was unable to say anything!


 His sight moved across the crowd of people, landing on Fang Yuan, he saw a slight smile. A chill rose in his heart: This person has such strange and deviant thoughts that differ from common logic, he has an inclination towards self destruction. He has likely turned demonic!


 It would not matter if he did not play by the rules, the more terrifying thing was he did not think according to the rules. His thought process was completely different from ordinary people, he was already too far away from the norm!


 This was a demon!


 “This is a true demon!” Frost Tide tribe’s leader felt a chill. He felt this was Fang Yuan’s true nature, even though Fang Yuan did not wantonly slaughter lives, even though Fang Yuan currently still committed acts of kindness like repaying favors!


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader felt a deep powerlessness at the same time.


 If it were an inexperienced youngster, he could have disguised himself as a senior to guide him and let him know the complexities and some dark truths of society.


 But Fang Yuan understood them well, he almost knew everything way too clearly. What made him even more helpless was that Fang Yuan’s thoughts completely differed from others!


 “He is too strong-minded and stubborn. He clearly only has rank three cultivation, how dare he? Unreasonable, unreasonable! A lunatic, a madman! He is too arrogant, he actually shows contempt for life and death!! Right... he does not even fear death, what would he not dare to do? All the wealth, beauties and status in the world might be useless when compared to his own true feelings! What else do I have to entice him?”


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was going crazy.


 The more he thought, the more he realized, the more he knew Fang Yuan had no fear and would not be enticed. There might be a day when he is enticed, but it would be because he himself wanted to be enticed and it would be his genuine intention.


 It was not easy for people to live in this world!


 That was the case for mermen as well.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader had high authority and status, but it was even harder for him.


 The elders of merman Sacred City were pressuring him from above, while many of his subordinates were scheming against each other or coveting his position. He had a lot of children who were looking for power and authority, and there were deep conflicts between his many wives. Everything required his supervision and arrangements.


 Was it wrong for him to be corrupt?


 No!


 What was corruption?


 Corruption was no more than obtaining more benefits and these benefits made other benefit holders feel unfair.


 It was similar to dividing a cake, in normal cases, you take a piece and I take a piece. Now, I secretly took another piece which made you jealous. You complain: “You broke our distribution agreement, what gives you the rights to take so much?”


 This was corruption.


 Did you think the grand elder’s side which supports the saintess was not corrupt?


 There would be more or less some corruption. Even if the grand elder herself was not corrupt, what about her subordinates? Her children? It was just that they were not as heavily corrupt as Frost Tide tribe’s leader.


 Even if the grand elder’s side was completely free from corruption, they were still higher-ups, people who enjoyed the cake and also people who exploited others.


 From this aspect, everyone was an exploiter, what difference was there?


 They were all the same!


 So, Frost Tide tribe’s leader had never felt his corruption was wrong, he only wanted to obtain more wealth, beauties, and authority.


 As his corruption increased, he was gradually pushing beyond the distribution agreement. But he did not want to stop, the greed in him did not allow him to stop.


 “No, it is not greed. It is my aspiration!” Many times, Frost Tide tribe’s leader would shout this inwardly.


 There was a joke which was not a joke —


 The father asked his son: What is your aspiration when you grow up?


 The son replied: I want wealth and beauties.


 The father slapped his son!


 The son replied again: I want career and love.


 The father smiled and nodded his head lightly!


 Therefore, while career and love were aspirations, wealth and beauties were also aspirations.


 So, Frost Tide tribe’s leader was confident in himself, was there anything wrong with him chasing wealth, beauties, authority, and fame?


 Did you think it was crude?


 These were all aspirations!


 Which person’s life was not filled with such aspirations?!


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader liked this aspiration from deep down because this aspiration spurred him on, and also enticed others to pay and sacrifice for their aspirations and help him, Frost Tide tribe’s leader, to achieve his aspiration!


 There was nothing wrong with his corruption, this was his aspiration!


 Aspirations should be practical and required effort to reach.


 When Frost Tide tribe’s leader fell into corruption for the first time, he knew there would be a time when he would be opposed and blamed by others.


 But so what?


 These were natural and were difficulties and pains that he must experience in realizing his aspiration!


 As long as he passed these difficulties and subdued this suffering, Frost Tide tribe’s leader could realize his aspiration.


 As long as he used a series of political techniques like secret manipulation, indirect approaches, threats and so on, he could realize his aspiration.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader, who had an authoritative status for a long time, was confident in this aspect. He indeed had the capital to be confident, if not for Fang Yuan appearing out of nowhere, he would have already pushed down Xie Han Mo and promoted his own pawn to the saintess position.


 Once he accomplishes this, he would have defeated the grand elder and successfully defended the fruits of success from his corruption.


 He would then use the puppet saintess to issue several policies which would be for a good future of the mermen and also for Sacred City. He would be able to turn his corrupted history into legal events that would clear his reputation for good.


 At that time, who could say he was corrupted?!


 But right when Frost Tide tribe’s leader was about to succeed, he failed, he completely failed.


 Because he ran into Fang Yuan.


 2This person had no ‘aspirations’!


 No, that was not exactly right. Frost Tide tribe’s leader believed Fang Yuan liked wealth, beauties, power and fame too, but he liked to live by his own feelings even more! That was his aspiration.


 What was the point of having such a grand aspiration?


 With such an aspiration, wouldn’t the majority of other people end up looking crude and ordinary?


 He was really courting death!


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader gritted his teeth with hatred, this hatred was intensified because of an unknown fear in the depths of his heart.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader wished he could flay Fang Yuan, he wished Fang Yuan would immediately die!


 But he could not do so right now as this was the Sea God Ceremony.


 The final song.


 Xie Han Mo and Fang Yuan walked to the stage together.


 Fang Yuan played the accompaniment while Xie Han Mo’s song spread to the surroundings1.


 ...


 The blue sea is laughing, the tidal waves are surging.


 Drifting with the waves, only caring about today.


 Heaven laughs, at this hectic mortal world.


 1Who will win, who will lose, only heaven knows.


 ...


 Human lives have ups and downs like the waves, sometimes high, sometimes low. Why do we have to be always concerned about victory or defeat?


 The natural romanticism intoxicated the crowd.


 ...


 The rivers and mountains laugh, the misty rain is far away.


 How many great men and heroes, have the tides washed away?


 Smiling at the breeze wind, lost in quiet solitude.


 Heroic feelings remain, reflected in the cold night.


 ...


 Bold and lofty, free and unrestrained, all kinds of ‘aspirations’ would be washed away by the waves. Even life itself will perish. But what is the big deal?


 A noble man is not a slave to external matters, aloof from the world, forgetting gains and losses.


 Destiny is fickle, so why uphold your disposition, throw away your mask and find your true self.


 True self is unyielding, true self is lonely. Even if my life is the setting sun, I will live my own splendor.


 The audience was entranced.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader was pale, his body shivered as he understood his loss was certain!


 ...


 The blue sea is laughing, the tidal waves are surging.


 Drifting with the waves, only caring about today.


 Heaven laughs, at this hectic mortal world.


 Who will win, who will lose, only heaven knows.


 The rivers and mountains laugh, the misty rain is far away.


 How many great men and heroes, have the tides washed away?


 Common people laugh, there is no more loneliness.


 Yet the unyielding spirit in me is still laughing crazily.


 ...


 I struggle to survive in the mortal world, I came to life and I joined the world. I lived my own life, I lived according to my own feelings, even if the waves toss me up and down, sending me to the border of death, I will never grieve, lament, fear, or worry; I will savor these flavor thoroughly, I will still laugh crazily until the end.


 1I am true to my nature.


 I am a true person1!


 On the stage, Fang Yuan was wholeheartedly activating the Gu worm with his eyes closed, the sound of the zither spreading throughout the area.


 Frost Tide tribe’s leader looked at him blankly, involuntarily mumbling: “This, this demon...”


 Xie Han Mo was also entranced as she sang. She looked at Fang Yuan, an extraordinary brightness shining in her eyes as she thought: “Such a free and unrestrained life, isn’t this what I yearn for? Fang Yuan is able to create such a song, he has the disposition of an immortal!”


 1...


 Back to the present.


 Dragon Whale grotto-heaven, Merman Sacred City.


 Sea God Ceremony.


 Xia Lin went on stage for the third song.


 The blue sea is laughing, the tidal waves are surging. Drifting with the waves, only caring about today.


 Heaven laughs, at this hectic mortal world. Who will win, who will lose, only heaven knows...


 The entire place was shocked, Su Yi turned pale. The outcome was already certain.


 Xia Lin was already entranced in singing.


 At this moment, Master Chu’s image was elevated infinitely in her heart, there was a moon and slight breeze in the background along with faint fog.


 The familiar melody rang once again in Fang Yuan’s ears and intertwined with his memory.


 He had once stood on the stage as an accompanist, closing his eyes and slightly smiling.


 Now, he stood outside of the stage as a spectator, his eyes hiding dark light.


 After living for several hundred years, the vast power of time had changed him, but it also seemed like nothing had changed.


 He had always been Gu Yue Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1674 - Sudden Change, Regret Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Sea God Ceremony ended, the result was astonishing; the person who became the saintess was completely unexpected by anyone — Xia Lin.


 Saintess Palace shined with bright and gorgeous lights, a group of servants were running around.


 Xia Lin had already changed into her saintess attire, she was dressed in a white garment while her tail rested on a lump of clouds.


 She opened the window and gazed at the large courtyard, those colorful corals could not attract her gaze.


 She looked dazed and unfocused: “Several days have passed since the Sea God Ceremony concluded, Master Chu has not appeared again after transmitting his message that day. When will he return?”


 4“Saintess, your elder sister has come to pay a visit.” At this moment, a maid lightly walked towards Xia Lin and reported.


 Xia Lin’s brows slightly furrowed as she sighed: “Please bring her in.”


 Xia Lin’s elder sister Zhao Lu walked into Saintess Palace.


 She was only Xia Lin’s elder sister in name, but after Fang Yuan tampered with her memories, this elder sister did not doubt Xia Lin’s identity.


 “Little sister, have you considered what I said to you a few days ago?” Zhao Lu said directly.


 Xia Lin shook her head lightly: “I am really sorry, I don’t want to get involved in other affairs. The saintess position was never my goal, if possible, I do not want to be the saintess.”


 Zhao Lu laughed.


 Her laughter carried a sense of ridicule and jealousy.


 She was narrowly defeated by Su Yi in the final stage, then Xia Lin came out of nowhere and was supported by her backers just to give it a try. They had not thought Xia Lin would truly succeed!


 The political force behind Zhao Lu, naturally, would not let go of Xia Lin and wanted to make her their representative for benefits.


 But before Fang Yuan left, he had instructed Xia Lin to not agree to any person or side with any political force.


 So Xia Lin had already refused Zhao Lu a few days ago.


 Naturally, Zhao Lu’s mood would not be so good.


 First of all, her long lost little sister had suddenly appeared, besides the connection of blood, she did not feel any affection for this sister.


 Secondly, she had worked hard for so long, but in the end, Xia Lin – who had cut in line – snatched the position of saintess. This was the same as snatching her lifelong dream!


 Lastly, the force behind her still made her come out to persuade and rope in her younger sister Xia Lin, but Xia Lin still refused!


 With all these reasons, Zhao Lu’s mood naturally could not be good.


 “Xia Lin, if you truly didn’t want to become saintess, why did you take part? Don’t say such things to me, we both understand the situation here, tell me whatever requests you have, this deal will make you fully satisfied!” Zhao Lu spoke frankly.


 Xia Lin’s brows furrowed deeper, she knew Zhao Lu was not her elder sister. This was just Master Chu’s doing.


 And now that she heard such words from Zhao Lu, Xia Lin’s impression of her worsened greatly.


 “Elder sister.” Xia Lin spoke softly: “I am truly sorry, I really don’t want to get involved in these matters. But you can rest assured that I won’t collaborate with other forces as well.”


 Zhao Lu’s eyes opened wide: “Xia Lin, you are truly naive, you actually have such thoughts? I had thought you were waiting for the right price, sigh, I overestimated you. Since it is so, I will make it clear for you, you will die if you don’t have our support, understand?”


 Xia Lin was stunned as she stared at Zhao Lu: “Don’t tell me...”


 Zhao Lu shook her head: “Don’t think wildly, we never had the intention to conspire against you even if you ended up not collaborating with us. You are the saintess, a person who has received the Sea God’s recognition, which merman force dares to make a move against you? Once the deed is exposed, they will face a terrible death!”


 “Every selected saintess has an important task. That is to go to Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea and sing for three days and three nights, using her song to eliminate the increasingly dense demonic aura in Regret Crying Sea! This is an extremely dangerous task and has a very low survival rate. Many saintesses have passed away in Regret Crying Sea, some who came back alive turned crazy. Although the saintess position is good, it carries enormous risks and danger. If not for this task, there would be at least ten times more mermaids competing for the position of saintess!”


 “There is such a thing?” Xia Lin was astonished.


 Zhao Lu laughed: “You think I am deceiving you? This information might be hidden but it is not any important secret. You can easily inquire about it with your current identity and position. You can casually find anyone to ask, but of course, ordinary mermen are in the dark about it.”


 “Among the sea areas controlled by the Sacred Court, the most dangerous is Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea. It is an absolute forbidden area! According to legends, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed a peerless demonic Gu Immortal in this sea area. The Immortal Venerable was too benevolent to take away the demonic Gu Immortal’s life, so he sealed the demonic Gu Immortal to make him repent. This demonic Gu Immortal had no choice but to repent, so there are often sounds of crying in that sea area. But his sins are truly too heavy and his demonic nature is too strong, the demonic aura will accumulate after a period of time and start influencing the living organisms in the sea area, making them stronger, ferocious and crueler.”


 3“The saintess’ task is to go the center of Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea and sing with all her strength, using her song to dispel the demonic aura, otherwise, as time goes on, the demonic aura in Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea will keep on getting stronger, making the living beings in the sea area become more tyrannical and invasive. This demonic aura is infectious as well, which will expand the area of Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea.”


 Xia Lin showed a surprised expression as it was the first time she heard this secret: “Even with support and ample preparations, the previous saintesses had to face extreme danger. If I go in alone without your help, it is almost like seeking death?”


 “Not almost, but definitely!” Zhao Lu’s tone was firm.


 She expected this could persuade Xia Lin but did not expect Xia Lin to still reject: “Even so, I won’t collaborate.”


 “Even if it will result in your death?” Zhao Lu’s expression was cold.


 It was not that Xia Lin did not have hesitation, but the image of Fang Yuan in her mind made her insist on abiding by the agreement she made with Fang Yuan.


 “Yes, I am sure, even if I die.”


 Zhao Lu was so furious that she laughed: “If so... I only wish you good luck!”


 The sisters parted on a bad note.


 “Haha, it finally appeared!” In front of Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan’s eyes emitted bright light.


 A new task had appeared on Merit Obelisk — help the new saintess complete her most important mission!


 The task did not provide any details, by only looking at this task, outsiders would have no idea what the mission was.


 But Fang Yuan had already inquired about it. In the Merman Sacred Court, the selected saintess had one important mission – to purify Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea!


 Fang Yuan could only enter Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea if there was such a task.


 But the issue was: Fang Yuan was not sure if this task would appear on the Merit Obelisk. So he needed to support a saintess and this saintess should have low strength with no one to rely on.


 If so, the saintess would have no way to complete her mission and would require the help of outsiders.


 In this grotto-heaven, there were no local Gu Immortals besides the suppressed demonic immortal. Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea was extremely dangerous, accumulating demonic aura at set intervals. The restraining method of the grotto-heaven was to select a saintess to quell it without regarding the sacrifices.


 The saintess’ mission was extremely important, if there was no successor to the saintess position for too long of a time, the demonic aura might even pervade the whole grotto-heaven. But naturally, there might also be some backup methods left by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 What Fang Yuan did was to hasten the appearance of this task as far as possible.


 And from the results, his plan worked perfectly.


 Without any hesitation, Fang Yuan accepted the task and was once again teleported to Sacred City.


 Several days later.


 Saintess Xia Lin stood on a giant tortoise that was slowly advancing towards Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea.


 Behind her stood Fang Yuan.


 The journey was tranquil and calm, but all of a sudden, a gale blew towards them carrying with it crying sounds: “I really regret it! Why did I have to provoke Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, I regret it so much!”


 Xia Lin jolted, quickly looking at Fang Yuan: “Master Chu....”


 “No worries.” Fang Yuan smiled while secretly using wisdom path methods to calm Xia Lin and the giant tortoise.


 The crying sounds seemed like an immortal killer move that could disturb an ordinary being’s emotions and mind.


 The nearer they reached Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea, the louder and more concentrated the crying sound became.


 “I regret it! I should not have killed so many people.”


 “I painfully regret it! I should not have chased after power, it would have been much better if I had stayed behind to look after my parents as a filial son!”


 “I truly repent! I deceived everyone and concealed Immortal Gu, I let a friend, who trusted me the most, carry the blame so I could get benefits!”


 ...


 The mournful cries made Xia Lin’s face pale, while Fang Yuan instead became more excited because he already felt the large immortal formation in this place.


 “I am now almost certain regret Gu is here! But if I take regret Gu, will it destroy Paradise Earth’s arrangements and trigger his backup methods?” Fang Yuan was doubtful.


 Regret Gu was very important, it was used to suppress the giant demon in the sea and was clearly not included in Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.


 1But as far as Fang Yuan was concerned, it was a crucial Gu worm he had to take and he had decided to take the risk.


 He focused his mind, activating investigative methods with all his strength, this demon suppression regret crying formation gradually appeared in his mind, becoming increasingly clearer.


 This time, it was Fang Yuan who became pale.


 “Such a powerful formation, it is as vast as the sky! My formation path attainment level is high and I also have extremely powerful wisdom path methods, but I would need at least dozens of years to comprehend all the profundities of this large formation!”


 Cold sweat started seeping out of Fang Yuan’s forehead when his mind suddenly jolted: “Regret Gu!”


 He discovered regret Gu.


 Although regret Gu was hidden, Fang Yuan had already determined regret Gu was hiding somewhere in the center of the sea area through all kinds of clues and arrangements.


 “How should I take regret Gu? If I move rashly and trigger the formation’s backlash, it would end up badly!”


 “Maybe I can rely on reverse flow protection seal to resist it one time?”


 “Or borrow the strength of the suppressed demon?”


 Fang Yuan analyzed continuously in his mind.


 If the demon was released, all the living beings of this small world might face extreme misery and suffering, but Fang Yuan had no misgivings or pity.


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking, a change occurred.


 The large formation suddenly activated, regret Gu shot out directly towards Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, an extremely boundless force emerged and pressed on Fang Yuan’s body.


 “What happened?!” At the next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared, directly leaving this grotto-heaven of Paradise Earth.



***
Chapter 1675 - Birth of Red Lotus 2


***





 Chapter 1675: Birth of Red Lotus 2 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dark clouds covered the sky and heavy rain was pouring down.


 Rumble!


 Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled.


 In Central Continent, inside the city lord’s manor in Maple Leaf City, the Maple Leaf City Lord was pacing back and forth outside a room.


 He had a square face and a dignified temperament. Right now, however, his brows were tightly furrowed and his mood was like this weather, erratic and uneasy, feeling extremely worried.


 Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and leaned in with his ear pressing on the door.


 Besides the torrential rainstorm and thunder, he could hear painful groans from his wife as well as several midwives’ voices: “Madam, push, push harder!”


 Maple Leaf City Lord was already over fifty years old, he loved his wife deeply. He was a rank five Gu Master with the highest battle strength in all the surroundings, he had high authority as well as a leader’s charisma, he was well supported by the people. The only imperfection was he had no children.


 Nine months ago, he had been ecstatic because his wife had finally gotten pregnant.


 He was going to have a child in his old age, his greatest regret was finally resolved.


 But despite him requesting for three famous midwives, two were rank three and one was rank four, his wife’s labor still encountered unexpected difficulty.


 “How could this be?!” Maple Leaf City Lord wanted to get angry but had nothing to vent on.


 He clenched his fists, the battle strength, which he had been proud of in the past, was of no use at this moment.


 He had many healing Gu worms but none of them was good at helping in childbirth.


 “Oh!” He could only restrain his mood, lowering his head as he once again paced back and forth in the corridor.


 “Wa! Wawa....” Suddenly, he heard an infant’s cry.


 He then heard joyous laughter from the midwives: “The child is born, it is a boy! Madam, you have succeeded!!”


 “I, I have a child! My... son!” Maple Leaf City Lord was stunned for a moment before turning ecstatic, he opened the door impatiently and charged in to take a look.


 Right at this time, a peculiar fragrance spread within the room.


 This peculiar fragrance was refreshing and gentle. The fragrance started to become denser, condensing into rays of colorful lights, they were like streams of water that floated in the air, covering the whole manor as well as the surrounding hundreds of li.


 “What is this?!” Maple Leaf City Lord stopped his steps in astonishment.


 But the real shock came next. These colorful flowing lights continued to increase in numbers and the fragrance also became increasingly intense.


 The rainstorm stopped abruptly, dark clouds slowly dissipated; sunlight pierced through the gaps between the dark clouds and shined down, the grandest ray of light among them shining on the delivery room of the City Lord’s wife.


 Then, the flowing lights started to condense into a manor-sized red lotus flower that floated in the air. It was vivid and did not dissipate for a long time.


 “Born with a natural phenomenon!” Maple Leaf City Lord was shocked, his wife and the three midwives were also frozen from shock.


 At the same time, in the sky, three rank eight Gu Immortals were standing on clouds and watching the city lord’s manor in Maple Leaf City. They had seen the phenomenon when the baby was born.


 “He has finally been born.” The Gu Immortal in the middle, Duke Mei, heaved a long sigh. He was an old man with a benevolent countenance, his brows were particularly peculiar, they were like two exquisite dark brown roots that extended down from his forehead to his chest.


 “This child is extraordinary indeed, he is blessed by the destined luck of humanity, his innate blessing is so dense that it actually condensed into a grand red lotus observable to the naked eye! He is absolutely an Immortal Venerable seed! It was worth it that our Heavenly Court used three wisdom path Gu Immortals to deduce him.” Standing on the left, Gu Immortal Duke Tong sighed. 1


 He was a middle-aged man with a very robust physique, his face and muscles seemed to be made from brass as they let out cold metallic glister. Standing on the clouds, he looked deep like a pool and lofty like a mountain, as if he was a vajra tower that could not be moved even if heaven and earth shook, an absolute spirit that disregarded the storms.


 Duke Mei nodded: “Among all the Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables in history, they share a common characteristic, they all possess the destined luck of humanity1. It is just that in some cases, the luck is not conspicuous at the early stage and is deeply concealed. Only by a certain period would the luck activate. This child caused such a phenomenon when he is just born, no wonder heaven and earth cannot tolerate him and sent down calamities and tribulations to eliminate him. This is rare even in venerable history. If this child is nurtured properly, he will definitely become the most talented and outstanding existence among the venerables!”


 Suddenly, Duke Mei’s body shook as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 “Duke Mei.” Duke Tong frowned: “We suffered heavy injuries to block the calamities and tribulations.”


 “Duke Mei!” The Gu Immortal standing at the right also revealed a concerned expression. He was a young man with a head full of purple hair, a dragon shaped qi aura moved around his body continuously.


 Duke Mei looked at the young Gu Immortal: “Duke Long, fate Gu has given us the revelation, you share an extremely deep affinity with this child. This child will become a venerable and you are his Dao Guardian! Go, take him as your disciple, guide him and nurture him. You will be the cause of his achievements as he will be the cause of yours. You two are destined to shine brightly in the history of humanity for all eternity!”


 “Yes, I shall go now.” Young Duke Long nodded.


 “Go.” Duke Tong’s brows were furrowed: “When we return to Heavenly Court, Duke Mei and I shall enter a very long hibernation to recuperate. The era of the Three Dukes of Heavenly Court is over, Duke Long, you will lead Heavenly Court, continue to bring prosperity to this world.”


 “I will!” Duke Long restrained his excited emotions and slowly descended.


 His sleeves were fluttering with the wind, he waved his hand and boundless wind surged. Endless dragon roars were heard, attracting attention and shock from everyone.


 In this boundless wind, he slowly flew down and landed on the manor of Maple Leaf City Lord.


 Including Maple Leaf City Lord, all the guards were kneeling on the ground, many of them shivering like leaves.


 Maple Leaf City Lord was a knowledgeable man, knowing about Gu Immortals’ existence as well as knowing his strength could not even resist one finger of a Gu Immortal. He forcibly calmed himself before paying respects: “I, Hong Zhu, pay respects to lord immortal. I wonder what matter lord immortal has descended to the mortal world for?”


 Duke Long smiled: “Hong Zhu, your son is the blessed child of the world, a peerless genius that appears once in a million years with extremely rare innate talents. If he is nurtured well, he will definitely be outstanding. But if he lacks guidance, there will be huge danger to countless beings of this world, chaos would ensue. I was happy to see such a rare talent, and for the sake of humanity, I came here to take this child as my disciple. I will carefully raise and guide him, making him into a leader of the righteous path, a Gu Immortal who seeks prosperity for the whole of humanity.”


 “Ah...” Maple Leaf City Lord was both stunned and joyous at these words.


 He was shaken by Duke Long’s words, but he had personally seen the natural phenomenon just before, and was actually somewhat mentally prepared.


 The joy was naturally because his son received a Gu Immortal master and had boundless future prospects, he would definitely surpass his parents.


 Although he was a city lord with high authority, he was nothing compared to this Gu Immortal.


 But besides the shock and joy, Hong Zhu felt somewhat dejected. He got a child in his old age, it was not easy, but who could have thought that before he even got a chance to look at his son, his son would be taken as a disciple by lord immortal. They would probably get very few chances to meet each other in the future.


 Duke Long immediately knew what Hong Zhu was thinking, consoling: “Rest assured, I came today only to explain this matter and not to take away your son immediately. I will only bring him away when he is ten years old which is the correct time to start teaching him.”


 Hong Zhu immediately felt endless excitement and expressed his thanks repeatedly.


 At this time, the door opened, the city lord’s wife had already cleaned herself up, she came out while holding the newly born baby along with the three midwives and knelt on the ground, paying respects to Duke Long.


 Duke Long’s gaze was immediately attracted towards the baby. He laughed happily as he took a step forward, immediately arriving in front of the city lord’s wife.


 He carefully held the baby and inspected him.


 This baby did not have any ugliness that a newly born baby had. His head was filled with dark hair and had a very attractive and cute face. His eyes shined brightly like stars, his skin was white and tender and his cheeks were chubby.


 At this time, the red lotus that was hovering in the air slowly descended while shrinking and condensing continuously, in Duke Long’s vision, the red lotus eventually landed on the baby’s forehead, condensing into a nine petaled red lotus birthmark.


 A trace of shock flashed past Duke Long’s eyes as he thought: “This destined luck condensed into a birthmark, imprinted on his forehead, this phenomenon has not been seen in any venerable before. When my disciple becomes a venerable, he will probably be an extremely unique one!” 1


 As he thought of this, Duke Long felt like the light baby he was holding had become as heavy as a mountain. A strong sense of mission and responsibility filled Duke Long’s mind.


 “You don’t need to kneel, please stand.” After inspecting for a while more, Duke Long solemnly handed the baby back to the city lord’s wife.


 He exhaled, three gusts of qi flashed by, one fell on the baby while the other two merged inside the city lord couple.


 The baby immediately fell asleep with a smile on his face.


 The city lord couple felt boundless strength filling their limbs and bones.


 The city lord’s wife gave a cry of shock, the weakness from giving birth was gone instantly, she burst with energy as her body condition returned to when she was young.


 City Lord Hong Zhu astonishingly discovered his old injuries were completely gone and his primeval essence had broken common sense, carrying a trace of green luster. His strength that was already at a level where it could not be raised further seemed to have been elevated by a large degree!


 Without immediately inspecting his changes, Hong Zhu first gave thanks to Duke Long along with his wife.


 Duke Long waved his hand: “You don’t need to thank me because I still need your help. The parents and the master are not interchangeable with each other. I wish that you can love each other dearly and give your son deep care, let him feel the love and warmth of the world, this will be extremely helpful to his growth. Ten years later, I will come again.” 1


 Duke Long then slowly rose to the sky. Air currents surged around him and dragon roars were heard unceasingly, as if there was a formless wave of dragons.


 Mortals gazed towards the sky and saw Duke Long flying away until his figure was blocked by the clouds.


 After a while of deep silence, the whole city went into an uproar.



***
Chapter 1676 - What is Fate?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 It was a clear sky with no clouds anywhere.


 Maple Leaf City was bustling with people moving here and there.


 Six years had passed since the City Lord’s son, Hong Ting, was born.


 In these six years, Maple Leaf City enjoyed a peaceful time with no calamities. Its size continued to expand unceasingly, already surpassing the original size by over ten times, it had become the number one human city in the surrounding plains.


 Chirp, chirp...


 A group of spiritual sparrows flew over from somewhere. Their whole bodies shined with golden light and were flying like they were dancing.


 They displayed extraordinary liveliness until they arrived at the top of the City Lord’s manor when suddenly, they imploded one after the other, bursting into specks of golden lights that sprinkled down.


 Inside the City Lord’s manor, Hong Ting was currently brandishing a short decorative sword. He was moving some ornamental mounds back and forth while skillfully swinging his sword.


 In an instant, Hong Ting’s figure disappeared, sword lights formed into spheres which shined brightly everywhere.


 “Great!”


 “Amazing!”


 “Young master truly has unrivaled talents, he has completely perfected this sword technique after just learning it for three months. Such a density of sword lights is simply unbelievable.”


 The surrounding guards praised with sincerity from the depths of their hearts.


 City Lord Hong Zhu stroked his beard and nodded with a smile. He was very proud of his son, as for the feeling of surprise, he had lost it a long time ago.


 Over these years, Hong Ting’s aptitude and performance had changed his view and understanding multiple times, he now knew how shallow his comprehension of the word ‘genius’ was.


 Because of the endless surprises throughout these years, Hong Zhu had already become numb to them long ago. Now, everything involving his son was natural and a matter of fact.


 Clang!


 Right at this time, a crisp sound echoed.


 Silver sword lights suddenly disappeared and Hong Ting’s figure appeared once again, his short decorative sword had slashed apart a boulder.


 Cheers and praises immediately resounded.


 “Father, I feel like this sword technique has not reached its limit, there is room for improvement.” Hong Ting walked out from the group of ornamental mounds and said with a smile.


 Hong Zhu laughed heartily: “This sword technique belongs to the secret manual of a famous sword cultivator, Zhao San Si, I used a lot of treasures to exchange for it. You have only practiced for three months and already feel that it is not good enough?”


 Hong Ting blinked with a cute slyness in his eyes: “Father, I only said that out of momentary inspiration. To tell the truth, this sword technique is only so-so, I have already learned all of its essence after practicing for three months.”


 Hong Zhu coughed, feeling a bit of headache again. His son’s talent was too great, he was fast at learning anything, he even went as far as to comprehend the deepest essence of those moves. This was good but also bad as well. Hong Zhu’s accumulations were already used up several years ago by Hong Ting. He went through all kinds of avenues to search for secret manuals to teach Hong Ting, but it still could not match Hong Ting’s ability to absorb knowledge like a black hole.


 If this continued for a long time, what could he do?


 Right at this time, a group of spiritual sparrows flew over their heads and suddenly imploded into golden light specks.


 The light specks fell and got absorbed into everyone’s head; but most of the light specks were absorbed by Hong Ting alone.


 Instantly, everyone had joyous expressions. They had received inheritances and all sorts of peculiar secret manuals.


 “This is the gift of yet another immortal!”


 “I wonder which immortal this is?”


 “We should thank young master, we are all enjoying his fortune.”


 The guards looked at Hong Ting passionately, even Hong Zhu’s gaze carried a trace of complex feelings.


 Hong Ting had closed his eyes, immersed completely in the newly obtained sea of knowledge.


 Hong Zhu and the rest were already not surprised at this scene, even the commoners outside the City Lord’s manor were only slightly surprised before returning to their business.


 Unusual phenomena and immortal miracles were fascinating, but when they happened too many times, they would start feeling bland and ordinary.


 The immortal miracles appearing around Hong Ting could not be said to be ‘a lot’, it was at a mind numbing level that was simply overflowing with such incidents.


 Since he was born and taken as a disciple by Duke Long, immortal phenomena would frequently occur around him.


 Duke Long was the leader of Heavenly Court, not mentioning the rank eight Gu Immortals in Heavenly Court, just the ten great ancient sects under Heavenly Court were colossal forces with extremely robust foundations.


 Duke Long had taken in this disciple with great publicity, he did not conceal anything. Everyone understood his intentions, so whether it was Central Continent’s righteous path, demonic path, or lone immortals, they all paid extreme attention to Hong Ting’s growth.


 Hong Ting was the blessed child of the world, a future Immortal Venerable who would be cultivated by Heavenly Court, this was not a secret. So, every so often, Gu Immortals or descendants of Gu Immortals would secretly help Hong Ting, to build a good affinity and relationship with him in advance.


 As a result, the golden sparrow inheritance gift was not strange, there were also spiritual cranes imparting scrolls, auspicious clouds sending fruits, sacred wind marrow cleansing, and all sorts of unusual immortal level phenomena that appeared endlessly.


 After a long while, Hong Ting completely absorbed the knowledge in his brain but his brows furrowed into a frown: “There are eighteen types of weapon training methods, each one is exquisite and unique, but there is still no mention of any advanced aperture awakening method. Father, when can I awaken my aperture and control Gu worms? No matter how excellent these fighting techniques are, they are only mortal techniques. Controlling Gu worms is the only true way.”


 “Son, don’t be in a hurry. You have once again forgotten what your master instructed in his letter.” Hong Zhu said with a pleasant smile.


 Hong Ting waved his hand impatiently: “Father, I know, I know. Master said that although I can awaken my aperture in advance, I must do it only when I am twelve. Before the timing and opportunity is right, I cannot do it in advance. I am really curious, master has such vast powers, why can’t he awaken my aperture now?”


 Hong Zhu’s expression became slightly grave: “Son, your master is an immortal, you cannot understand what he is thinking but you have to obey. You need to understand that he absolutely won’t harm you, he cherishes you just like how father and mother treasure you.”


 “Yes, father. I was wrong, please don’t get angry.” Hong Ting quickly cupped his fists, he was very filial to his parents.


 Time passed, years passed in an instant.


 Duke Long appeared once again and formally took Hong Ting as his disciple. He took Hong Ting to roam all over the world while personally guiding him.


 When Hong Ting was twelve, Duke Long awakened his aperture. Hong Ting officially stepped on the path of Gu cultivation, and because of his peerless talent and robust foundation, his cultivation progress was shockingly fast.


 Not only in his cultivation, his experiences also richened constantly on this journey. He met many people, mortals and immortals, kind people and evil people. His knowledge of human life and heaven and earth was constantly deepening.


 He had a strong sense of justice and loathed evil, he looked handsome and kind but was crafty and resourceful as well.


 “Master, I have found that evil Xue Tu Dao who slaughtered an entire village, he is staying at a nearby mountain!” On this day, Hong Ting returned to the cave from hunting and spoke to Duke Long with excitement.


 Duke Long nodded with a smile: “Take a seat first, the soup is almost ready. This soup is made from the bones of an ancient desolate beast, it will be very helpful to your growth.”


 Hong Ting threw down the prey he hunted, saying with clenched teeth: “Master, I have been wanting to take action on Xue Tu Dao for over a year and get rid of this evil, but you said I only had rank three cultivation while he had rank five, I was not his match so you didn’t allow me to go. Half a year ago, I already had rank four cultivation and eight killer moves, I had an extremely high chance of taking Xue Tu Dao’s life but you said that it was not one hundred percent so you didn’t let me make a move. Three months ago, I already reached rank five and could easily deal with Xue Tu Dao in two to three moves, but you said it was not time to take his life. Master, if we let such an evil person run amok, who knows how many more innocent lives would be lost. Let me strike now!”


 Duke Long put down the ladle and let the bone soup simmer as he said with a sigh: “Disciple, the opportunity has not arrived.”


 “I don’t care about any opportunity, I only know that if I don’t make a move now, I would lose a good opportunity!” Hong Ting was extremely firm.


 Duke Long shook his head: “Now is not the time for Xue Tu Dao to die. If you forcibly kill him, not only will it be futile and fruitless, you will even create certain aftermath which will lead to tragedy.”


 “I don’t believe it! I only need one move to take his life!!” Hong Ting raised one finger, staring right into Duke Long’s eyes with a burning gaze.


 Duke Long went silent for a while: “Then go, young man, give it a try.”


 “Thank you master!” Hong Ting was exulted.


 “I just hope that you will not be disappointed when the time comes.”


 “Why will I be disappointed? Master, please wait a moment, disciple will return with Xue Tu Dao’s head within fifteen minutes.”


 Hong Ting turned around and left.


 But fifteen minutes passed, thirty minutes went by and soon it reached forty-five minutes, Hong Ting still did not appear.


 Duke Long saw everything, he knew the timing was right as he left the cave and crossed a forest, arriving beside Hong Ting.


 Hong Ting was kneeling on the ground, his face filled with shock, anger, and deep regret.


 He was dazedly looking at the foot of the mountain, a small village had once been there where the villagers lived happily.


 His eyes were red and filled with traces of blood. He saw Duke Long and raised his head, tear stains were still clear on his face.


 “Master, I did not imagine there to be a Gu Immortal inheritance here. That Xue Tu Dao secretly came here to obtain this inheritance. After I destroyed his plan, he used the inheritance’s power to stop me and although I fought with all my strength, I did not think the battle would cause the mountain to crumble, unexpectedly, unexpectedly... the small village was completely buried. Master! It was me, I caused the death of these villagers!” Hong Ting sobbed.


 Duke Long did not console him, he was silent for a while before suddenly saying: “Disciple, do you want revenge? Do you want to get rid of Xue Tu Dao? The opportunity has arrived.”


 “Really? Where is he?” Hong Ting’s body shook, asking immediately.


 “At that mountain.” Duke Long pointed.


 Hong Ting immediately hurried off and easily killed Xue Tu Dao.


 “I was so close, I already obtained the true inheritance and only had to absorb the gains. The moment I narrowly escaped death, you came after me! If I had some time, I would not be afraid, I could have become a Gu Immortal!” These were Xue Tu Dao’s last words before he died.


 Hong Ting was silently standing before Xue Tu Dao’s corpse.


 Duke Long appeared behind Hong Ting once again, remaining silent.


 After a good while, Hong Ting stopped looking at Xue Tu Dao’s corpse in a daze as he asked with an extremely hoarse voice: “Master, had I listened to your arrangements, I could have easily killed him and those villagers would not have been implicated, is that right?”


 Duke Long did not reply, only softly patting Hong Ting’s shoulder.


 Hong Ting’s body shook as he fell into a deep silence before asking: “Master, I want to ask you, what is... fate?”



***
Chapter 1677 - I Regret It


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fate...” Duke Long sighed with a deep and complex expression. He walked towards a rock and patted beside him, indicating Hong Ting to have a seat.


 Hong Ting followed Duke Long and sat cross-legged.


 “Look.” Duke Long pointed at the rock he was sitting on.


 Hong Ting quickly looked, he saw a small group of ants moving beside the rock. They were moving in an orderly fashion, returning to their nest with food.


 “This is fate.” Duke Long continued.


 “...What?”


 “Look again.” Duke Long pointed at the sky.


 Hong Ting gazed at the sky, clouds of all kinds of shapes were moving in the sky.


 “This also is fate.” Duke Long said.


 Hong Ting’s mind jolted as if he had comprehended something: “Master, you mean to say...”


 He did not continue, he had gained some comprehension but was unable to express them in words at this time.


 “Ants transporting food, bees collecting honey, wind blowing, clouds floating, everything in this world have their own paths to walk on. To us, they might look like they don’t follow any rules, but they are actually moving according to the rules of the Great Dao.”1 

 “Look at the moon and sun, every day, the sun rises and the moon falls, the moon rises and the sun falls. Look at a human’s life and death, no matter who they are, be they an Immortal Venerable or a Demon Venerable, they will die in the end.”


 “Everything is fate.”


 “Every person, every living being, even every rock, every drop of water, every lump of fire, since they exist in this world, they will have value and meaning in their existence. Good and evil is also the same, without good, how would there be evil? Without evil, why talk about good?”


 “You were in a hurry to kill Xue Tu Dao and did not see his value. Since heaven and earth let him exist, there is definitely a reason for his life. This is fate. Fate already has arrangements for everything in the world, it is just that we can only slightly feel this kind of arrangement and cannot see it clearly.”


 “Not being able to see clearly is normal. The laws of heaven and earth, the Great Dao of the universe, even if an immortal uses all their life, they would not be able to understand them thoroughly. We are too weak, too small, while heaven and earth is too vast. We should revere heaven and earth, follow the arrangements of the heavenly fate, and bring fortune to the world.”


 1“Your parents’ marriage was fate’s arrangement, their greatest value was to bring you into this world.”


 “You will become an Immortal Venerable in the future, this is also fate’s arrangement. You need to accept it, climb to the peak step by step, lead Heavenly Court and contribute your life to the righteous path.”


 “And my greatest value in life is to teach and guide you towards the proper path. I am your... Dao Guardian.”


 1“Believe in fate, acknowledge fate, all its arrangements have their own reasons. If we forcibly interfere, it will lead to tragedy and regret. Just like how you tried to take Xue Tu Dao’s life early, but were you able to kill him?”


 Duke Long shook his head: “No. Although your strength surpassed his, you encountered all kinds of unexpected situations. In the end, not only did you fail to kill him, you even implicated innocent lives.”


 “Think back on it, if you had listened to fate’s arrangements and attacked Xue Tu Dao at his weakest moments, would you still have encountered those accidents?”


 “I will tell you, the value of Xue Tu Dao’s existence was to activate this Gu Immortal inheritance, to open the way and hand this inheritance to you.”


 Hong Ting was dazed, he was motionless like a statue.


 Two clear rows of tears fell from his eyes as he choked: “Master, I was wrong.”


 “It is good to know your mistakes and change them. Actually, your wrong choice was also fate’s arrangement.” Duke Long said.


 “Master, what do you mean?”


 “We are all under fate’s arrangements, you thought you could defy fate, but your thought was also fate’s arrangement. You don’t need to feel guilty, you should comprehend fate’s intention. You think your wrong choice was of no value? Wrong.”


 1“Every mistake has an inestimable value to a youth’s growth. If you can absorb the lesson from this mistake, acknowledge fate’s existence and accept it, then this mistake would have shown its value. That village’s destruction also has its value!”


 1Duke Long then took a deep look at Hong Ting: “My disciple, you are a talented and intelligent child, a good child, but I worry because you emphasize on feelings too much. You already have rank five cultivation now, among the paths to ascend to an immortal, you will probably choose wisdom path, right?”


 “Master, your vision is unparalleled, I indeed have such thoughts, I feel like wisdom path is extremely suitable for me.” Hong Ting said truthfully.


 Duke Long shook his head: “Wisdom path focuses on thought, will, and emotion. You emphasize on feelings too much so studying emotions has more demerits than benefits to you. Listen to master, choose time path. When you can view the past and present, observe the rise and decline of history, all sorts of honor and disgrace, you will understand that all feelings and romance will be cleansed by time. I have received revelation from fate Gu, time path suits you the most.”


 2Hong Ting opened his mouth slightly, wanting to say something, but he nodded in the end: “Disciple shall abide by master’s teachings and choose time path.”


 Duke Long nodded in satisfaction: “That’s good, master is your Dao Guardian, pointing you towards the correct path is the meaning behind my existence.”


 Time slowly moved forward.


 Hong Ting chose time path, and under Duke Long’s protection, successfully passed his immortal ascension tribulation, becoming a time path Gu Immortal.


 ...


 “Lord immortal Hong Ting, that demon has proclaimed he is going to slaughter the whole city unless I give my daughter to him as a concubine. He is a great Gu Immortal, we are only mortals. We truly are unable to do anything, considering the friendship between me and your father, I implore you to eliminate this demon!” An old city lord paid a visit, kneeling to the ground as he made his request to Hong Ting.


 Hong Ting recognized him, this city lord’s city was close to Maple Leaf City. They had frequent dealings with each other, this city lord and his father indeed had a close friendship.


 He had even seen this city lord’s daughter and had played with her when they were young.


 “Old senior, please get up. I will definitely help, it is just that...” Hong Ting paused for a moment: “The opportunity has not arrived.”


 The old city lord was exulted: “Since lord immortal has replied, this old man shall be rest assured. I believe lord immortal will not go back on his words!”


 Hong Ting waited till it was the correct time to kill this demonic Gu Immortal.


 He attacked resolutely and killed this demon easily.


 However, the old city lord was kneeling on the ground, gazing at the city filled with ruins and corpses as he cried in sadness: “This accursed demon is finally dead! My good daughter, the inhabitants of my city, you can rest in peace now, your hatred has been avenged!!”


 ...


 “Disciple pays respect to master. I wonder what matter master has called me for?” Hong Ting went up to Duke Long.


 “Disciple, master has sensed fate. Floating flower river is about to flood, the river channel has diverged. I want you to go save people. Remember, don’t make a move early, you can only do so after three days and three nights.” Duke Long instructed carefully.


 “Yes, master.”


 Hong Ting came to the floating flower riverbank and looked at the flooding river water, countless living beings were forced to be homeless, while many drowned corpses were floating on the surface.


 He forcibly restrained his emotions and waited for three days and three nights. But at that time, he found that he did not even need to make a move, the river water retreated by itself, swamps appearing in many areas.


 A wild Immortal Gu’s aura emerged and was actually not far away from Hong Ting.


 Hong Ting easily subdued this wild Immortal Gu: “Great Gu, it is actually a rank seven time path Gu which is perfect for me.”


 1Howl!


 The wild Immortal Gu’s aura attracted two ancient desolate beasts.


 Hong Ting’s expression turned solemn as he concealed himself. He waited for these two ancient desolate beasts to kill each other. After one died and another was injured, he made his move, getting these two ancient desolate beast corpses easily.


 “Wonderful, wonderful.” Gazing at the traces of the battlefield, Hong Ting suddenly came to a realization.


 “So it turns out this was fate’s arrangement. With the battle of the two ancient desolate beasts, floating flower river has expanded by several times its width while its river channel has been dyed by the ancient desolate beasts’ blood, becoming much thicker. From now on, floating flower river will probably not flood again.”


 “There are also these plots of land beside floating flower river which will become extremely fertile as they are soaked in the essence blood and corpses of countless beings. In the future, the mortals who live here will truly be fortunate.”


 1...


 “Bull-headed Demon Brute, let go of my parents now, otherwise, I will make you suffer a fate worse than death!” Hong Ting furiously glared at the bull-headed demonic immortal.


 The bull-headed demonic immortal held Hong Ting’s parents in each of his hands, laughing loudly: “Kid, you are very arrogant, you want to get rid of me? When I became a Gu Immortal, you were still suckling milk as a baby! Are you scared now?”


 Hong Ting had to restrain himself and could only shout in anger.


 Bull-headed Demon Brute quickly shouted: “Don’t come over, don’t be impulsive! Don’t you want your parents’ lives? If you come over, I will directly crush your parents’ heads!”


 “What do you want?!” Hong Ting shouted.


 Bull-headed Demon Brute gave a malevolent smile: “Now we are talking. As long as you hand over my lifespan Gu, I will return your parents to you. If not, I only have a few days to live anyway, I will just die with your parents.”


 Hong Ting was immediately dazed.


 According to fate’s arrangements, those two wild lifespan Gu should indeed go to Bull-headed Demon Brute. But Hong Ting saw his parents getting old and reaching their life’s limit, so he seized those two lifespan Gu without telling Duke Long. Who could have thought that Bull-headed Demon Brute would come and bring disaster to his parents!


 In an instant, Hong Ting’s face became deathly pale and his forehead was filled with cold sweat: “I have already used those two lifespan Gu.”


 “I know, you used them on your parents!” Bull Demon was not surprised: “But, you are Duke Long’s disciple, a future Immortal Venerable who will lead Heavenly Court. I don’t believe Heavenly Court’s treasury does not have any lifespan Gu. Bring three hundred years, no, three thousand years lifespan Gu and I will release your parents!”


 “This...” Hong Ting was now caught in a dilemma.


 In the end, through twists and turns, he finally forced Bull-headed Demon Brute to retreat. But his parents were irrecoverably injured, even immortal methods could not heal them.


 “Father, mother, I harmed you! If I had not taken lifespan Gu for you, you would still have several years left!” Hong Ting knelt down and cried.


 Hong Zhu, however, smiled: “Son, life and death is up to fate, fortune is up to heaven. Humans have to die sooner or later, this world has long life but is there anyone who can live forever? No! We are fated to die, you don’t need to feel sad for us. On the contrary, you should be happy for us. The two of us could have a son like you, a future Immortal Venerable, how great of an honor is this, we will definitely be noted down in history because of you.”


 Madam Hong also said: “My son, listen to your father, be a good person, you must be righteous.”


 The old couple grasped each other’s hands and died at the same time.


 “Father, mother—!” Hong Ting howled towards the sky.


 ...


 Bright light accumulated in Hong Ting’s eyes. Through the passing of time, experience and maturity made him full of manly charisma.


 The setting sun illuminated the lush green hill.


 Under the setting sun, he saw Liu Shu Xian for the first time.


 Two pairs of eyes met each other, both felt their hearts pulsing, an indescribable atmosphere rapidly spread.


 Love at first sight.


 Liu Shu Xian revealed a strange expression, asking softly: “Who are you?”


 Hong Ting, however, felt no surprise, he replied with a smile: “I am your fated husband, my name is Hong Ting.”


 Liu Shu Xian was astonished: “You are the future Immortal Venerable?”


 “Don’t be surprised, our encounter here was determined by fate.”


 Love gave Hong Ting a feeling of satisfaction and bliss that he had never experienced before!


 He and Liu Shu Xian always kept each other’s company and had a lot in common. It was like they were born for each other, like a key to a lock, they were a natural couple.


 They roamed the world together, they conversed and dined under the moon. They had great chemistry, an eye signal to the other could express their inner heart and even convey all their intention to the other’s mind. They were a true immortal couple, living together for hundreds of years. They supported each other in the path of cultivation, there was not even one fight or a moment where they were vexed at each other.


 Liu Shu Xian accompanied Hong Ting all the way to rank eight, rank eight peak, and finally to rank nine venerable realm!


 The tribulation was unimaginable, but Hong Ting still succeeded in the end.


 Duke Long was heavily injured due to this, several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals perished, while Hong Ting held Liu Shu Xian’s gradually freezing body with tears all over his face.


 He tightly held Liu Shu Xian, repeatedly saying: “Don’t leave me, don’t leave me, I beg you, please live!”


 “It’s no use, I have been struck by the tribulation. Having a trace of my soul left to take a final look at you is already an enormous fortune. How could I possibly ask for more?” Liu Shu Xian smiled.


 “I am useless, I am useless! I underwent tribulation but implicated you!” Hong Ting’s head was lowered with tears rolling down his eyes.


 “No, Hong Ting. That tribulation could only have been blocked by my special physique. Even if you all sacrificed your lives, you would only have failed. I was born with one of the ten extreme physiques and encountered you, it was all fate’s arrangement. In your fatal moment, I suddenly understood the greatest meaning of my life, it was to protect you, to block the tribulation for you and help you ascend to the position of an Immortal Venerable! Now... I have accomplished it.”


 “No, No! Xian Er, I would rather not be an Immortal Venerable, I only want you to live, I only want you to live!” Hong Ting roared helplessly, his body was shaking and his tears were falling.


 “Everything and everyone in this world has its own respective fate, it is fixed. Hong Ting, you cannot have such thoughts, you need to live on properly, your fate is to become an Immortal Venerable, lead Heavenly Court and spread the glory of the righteous path throughout the five regions... Do you know? I had always been wanting to see that scene, standing by your side and accompanying you as you bring fortune to the world with invincible might. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to see it...”


 Liu Shu Xian’s life force gradually fell, until she died.


 Hong Ting’s head was lowered and his back was bent deeply like an old man, a heavy shadow shrouded his face.


 At this moment, he seemed to have lost all signs of life.


 He was motionless like a statue.


 In his immortal aperture, the remaining heaven and earth qi gathered and merged, refining a rank eight Immortal Gu according to his current mental state.


 This Gu had the form of a centipede, its whole body was pale white like paper. Unlike centipedes, its legs were replaced by one hundred feelers. Every feeler was translucent, gently floating in the air, agitating hearts and continuously raising the deepest regretful feelings.


 Rank eight regret Gu!


 “Cough, cough, cough.” Duke Long coughed out several mouthfuls of blood, he forcibly stood up and walked to Hong Ting’s side.


 “Liu Shu Xian’s death was not without meaning, it was worthy and valuable, there is no need for sadness, my dear disciple. This was all fate’s arrangement. Now, you are already an Immortal Venerable, rank nine venerables are extremely rare even in the long history of humanity. You still have a long life ahead, your mission has just started. I will abdicate my position, Heavenly Court as well as the five regions and two heavens need you. Hong Ting, Hong Ting?” Duke Long softly called.


 1Hong Ting slowly raised his head, he did not look at Duke Long, his gaze was still on Liu Shu Xian’s icy corpse.


 He replied lightly: “I regret it.”


 1



***
Chapter 1678 - Immortal Venerable Regrets, But I Do Not!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What did you say?” Duke Long did not hear clearly.


 “I said, I regret it.” Hong Ting said again.


 Duke Long’s brows immediately furrowed, using a stern gaze to look at his proudest disciple: “Regret? Oh Hong Ting, don’t speak of such nonsense again. You are clear of it, how many people dedicated and sacrificed themselves to cultivate and support you until you reached your current cultivation level? If you say such things, would you be doing justice to those people who have helped you throughout your life? Would you be doing justice to your parents? Justice to your late wife Liu Shu Xian? Justice to the immortals who helped you pass the tribulation and sacrificed themselves?”


 Duke Long berated Hong Ting sternly.


 “Alright, Lord Duke Long, Liu Shu Xian’s death is a great tragedy, we can understand Red Lotus Immortal Venerable’s feelings. He is only in a temporarily agitated state.” The other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals attempted to mediate.


 “Red Lotus Immortal Venerable... hehe.” Hong Ting laughed with disdain, he gazed at Duke Long with his bloodshot eyes: “If such sacrifices are required and there will be even more sacrifices in the future for this Immortal Venerable position, then I would rather not have it!”


 “Enough!” Duke Long shouted in rage: “I will not allow you to speak anymore nonsense, Hong Ting! You think your Immortal Venerable position can be gained or abandoned at your will? This is all fate’s arrangement, this is the mission of your life, you must accept it no matter what!”


 Hong Ting laughed loudly, his hair was messy, he was in a miserable state. He lowered his head and looked at Duke Long: “A grand Immortal Venerable, invincible in the world, actually cannot do as he pleases, he cannot even reject this Immortal Venerable position?”


 Duke Long snorted coldly: “Tell me, Hong Ting, who can do as they please in this world? Your thoughts are too childish, you think becoming an Immortal Venerable and leading the righteous path would not need sacrifices? What is there in this world that has no price to pay for? How shallow do you think the words ‘righteous path’ are? Wrong! Maintaining Heavenly Court’s righteous path requires you to pay a price, it requires sacrifices. If you don’t even have this sacrificial mentality, then I will tell you, you don’t have the qualifications to enter Heavenly Court!”


 Hong Ting’s body shook.


 “Lord Duke Long, Lord Immortal Venerable, please calm yourselves. We should recuperate and heal our injuries now instead of quarreling.” The other Gu Immortals repeatedly tried persuading.


 Hong Ting slowly lowered his head, but his fists were slowly clenched tight as he said with an incomparably firm tone: “I want to revive them.”


 Duke Long’s brows raised, his face cold as ice: “Who do you want to revive?”


 “Every person who sacrificed themselves for me. My parents, Liu Shu Xian, and many others.”


 “Presumptuous!” Duke Long suddenly shouted while pointing at Hong Ting: “How could you have such a heretical thought?! You know it clearly, I have also told you several times, life and death is determined by fate, life and death is the rule of the Great Dao, any living being’s life and death is arranged by fate. You want to revive the dead? Are you trying to send the entire world into chaos? Have you not learned yet? The more you think like that, the more cruel tragedies will happen around you!”


 “Even if there are crueler tragedies, I will accept them! Master, disciple always had a question. Why? Why must we accept fate’s arrangements? If there was no fate, would the world truly fall into chaos? Is it not possible that the world will become a better place?” Hong Ting asked in an anxious tone.


 Duke Long’s body shook with anger, even the persuading Heavenly Court Gu Immortals slowly took a step back, looking at Hong Ting as if he was someone unfamiliar.


 “Lord Immortal Venerable, your thought is too dangerous.”


 “Right, without fate, our human race would not be prosperous.”


 “Fate Gu is Heavenly Court’s supreme treasure, Lord Immortal Venerable actually wants to destroy it? This, this, this...”


 “All of you...” Hong Ting looked at the surrounding Gu Immortals, he felt an indescribably deep loneliness at this moment.


 Time flowed, who knows how long had passed.


 A lonely figure appeared in the River of Time.


 His hair was messy, his face was filled with the vicissitudes of life, like a man who had roamed the world but had no place to call home.


 His face still had the former Hong Ting’s shadow, but his expression had already changed completely.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable looked at the endlessly flowing River of Time as he sighed: “It is time to leave behind my inheritance.”


 He slowly descended, his feet stopped right before he touched the River of Time: “This first stone lotus island will also be the most important stone lotus island, I will use regret Gu as its core and leave this behind for the otherworldly demon, for the person who has the greatest hope of destroying Fate!”


 1Thereupon, a stone lotus island gradually appeared in this world.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable left behind rank eight regret Gu here as well as a large amount of time path immortal materials, immortal killer moves, a portion of his true meaning that contained his true memories of a certain period of time, as well as an immortal killer move with an unparalleled effect.


 After finishing the arrangement, Red Lotus Demon Venerable flew away slowly with his exhausted body.


 Time flew by, who knows how long had passed.


 An outsider charged into this stone lotus island.


 He was dressed in rough clothing, he had a thin looking body and a bald head, he had an ordinary appearance. He was bare-footed, his legs were even stained with some mud, like a farmer who had returned from a day of work in the fields.


 However, his face looked very young, his eyes were glistening brightly, filled with compassion and benevolence.


 Red Lotus’ true meaning appeared, condensing into an illusory image of Red Lotus Demon Venerable who smiled towards the bare-footed young looking man: “Welcome, my honorary guest.”


 “I am Paradise Earth, I finally found this place after immense effort.”


 This person was Paradise Earth, who had already become an Immortal Venerable!


 Red Lotus’ true meaning directly asked: “Immortal Venerable, what is the purpose for your visit?”


 Paradise Earth smiled: “Senior Red Lotus, why ask when you already know?”


 Red Lotus’ true meaning also smiled: “You are right, Fate has only been damaged, not completely destroyed, so everything is still traceable and observable from the River of Time.”


 Pausing for a moment, Red Lotus’ true meaning continued: “I can lend you regret Gu, as for your intention to steal my inheritor, that will depend on your ability.”


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable looked solemn: “Although he is an otherworldly demon, he is not an emotionless person. Put down the blade to reach redemption, it is never too late to turn back. Who does not want to seek redemption? I am willing to give it a try!”


 3Red Lotus’ true meaning laughed: “Alright. My main body still had some worries when constructing this island. After all, I am not entirely confident in defending against Heavenly Court. However, since you are taking action, then there is no worry. This is regret Gu, catch it properly.”


 Regret Gu flew over slowly, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable stretched his hands, which were covered in radiance, and carefully received it.


 “It is indeed worthy of being regret Gu, it constantly draws out boundless regretful feelings. Only a person with not even a little bit of regret is immune to this greatest flaw. Otherwise, any Gu Immortal who approaches it will feel incomparable pain and regret!” Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable smiled bitterly: “If not for my rank nine cultivation level, I might not be able to suppress it.”


 2“Looks like you also have regret in your heart.” Red Lotus’ true meaning sighed.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable smiled lightly: “Who in this world does not have any regrets in their life?”


 Putting regret Gu into his immortal aperture, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable bowed towards Red Lotus’ true meaning solemnly: “I take my leave, I will definitely send him here.”


 ...


 Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes, the dazed expression slowly dissipated from his eyes.


 He went through this memory that Red Lotus Demon Venerable had left here and understood the cause and result of everything.


 “I never expected to directly arrive at the stone lotus island. Red Lotus Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, even though both have already perished, their arrangements are still in effect.”


 1Fang Yuan sighed before looking at Red Lotus’ true meaning as well as rank eight regret Gu that was already floating before him.


 Red Lotus’ true meaning smiled: “Fang Yuan, you are finally here. There is no need to say anything else, I believe you will try your best to destroy fate Gu. So, accept my true inheritance, it has already waited for you for over a million years!”


 1


 COMMENT


 Fang Yuan nodded and extended his hand, trying to grasp regret Gu.


 Red Lotus’ true meaning reminded him quickly: “Careful, regret Gu cannot be touched directly, otherwise even if you refine it, you will be drowned in endless regrets! I have already prepared a method for you, you only need...”


 “There is no need for that.” Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent as he grabbed regret Gu and instantly refined it.


 1


 Red Lotus’ true meaning was stunned: “You...”



***
Chapter 1679 - Red Lotus’ True Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The surging river was always flowing from past to present to future.


 Fang Yuan stood at the edge of Red Lotus’ stone island, looking at the River of Time with a tranquil expression and a deep gaze.


 The River of Time could be said to be the most special secluded domain of heaven and earth.


 Because it traversed the entire world, without its existence and movement, the whole Gu Master world would become a still picture without any changes or vitality.


 Fang Yuan had seized Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, these two secluded domains of heaven and earth belonged to him, but he absolutely could not seize the whole River of Time.


 This secluded domain of heaven and earth belonged to all beings of this world.


 Every beast, every grass, every rock, every drop of water, they all enjoyed the benefits derived from the River of Time.


 Even Gu Immortals could at most only possess a tributary of the River of Time in their immortal aperture.


 The River of Time was the collective wealth of the whole world.


 Every drop of the water of time was a transparent pale white. A gazillion droplets of water crashed, intertwined, collided, and spun each time, giving off a brilliant light show. Thus, the surface of the River of Time was always covered in a thin layer of ever-changing radiance.


 This was the area with the greatest amount of time path dao marks in the whole world, the largest congregation of time path.


 Fang Yuan stood at the edge of the island and saw several year beasts, a one finger flow shark, and large numbers of time path wild Gu worms in just a short while of observation.


 The River of Time was overflowing with vitality.


 Several days had passed since Fang Yuan arrived at this Red Lotus stone island.


 In this period of time, he had completely absorbed Red Lotus’ true meaning, his time path attainment level soared rapidly, reaching an unimaginable height — time path quasi-supreme grandmaster!


 6With this attainment level, Fang Yuan had many new insights when he looked at the River of Time. These feelings were not superficial, instead it pierced into the essence of the River of Time, mesmerizing Fang Yuan the more he looked at it. Pinnacle profundities of the Great Dao were in front of his eyes, quietly lifting a corner of a mysterious veil, allowing him to begin understanding this world and the principle of its operation.


 Although he gained refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment previously, his experience at that time had not been as deep as now. After all, Fang Yuan was currently in the secluded domain of heaven and earth, River of Time.


 Time path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level gave Fang Yuan comprehensive growth in all aspects.


 For instance, the mysterious immortal killer move time cutting edge, Fang Yuan now had the ability to completely understand its essence and change the Gu worms involved, restoring its original might.


 Another example was Xia Cha’s time path Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves, Fang Yuan could now modify them and make them suited for himself.


 The greatest growth was in time path Immortal Gu recipes. With both time path and refinement path at quasi-supreme grandmaster level, Fang Yuan had a very high assurance in modifying any time path Immortal Gu recipes and refining time path Immortal Gu.


 There was no doubt that Red Lotus’ true meaning was the most valuable treasure. Below it was the rank eight Immortal Gu — Regret.


 1Not mentioning this Gu’s legendary status, just based on its rank eight level, its value was extraordinary.


 With this Gu worm, Fang Yuan now had five rank eight Gu worms: Attitude, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, Soul Beast Token, and Regret.


 1Fang Yuan could now construct Regret Pool with no obstacles.


 Of course, difficulty was still there, but the greatest hurdle had become non-existent because of regret Gu. Back when Red Lotus Demon Venerable arranged this true inheritance, he had deduced Fang Yuan’s situation and thus prepared a large amount of time path immortal materials.


 With regret Gu and time path immortal materials, Fang Yuan only needed to follow the procedures and spend some time to construct Regret Pool. He could even build an Immortal Gu House better than Regret Pool.


 With all these, Fang Yuan could begin to refine Gu en masse. On one hand, he could refine a lot more time path Immortal Gu, on the other hand, he could advance the rank of the Immortal Gu he already had.


 These time path immortal materials left behind by Red Lotus Demon Venerable were of high rank, the lowest was rank seven while there was a large amount of rank eight immortal materials.


 Were Heavenly Court to see this, they would cough out a large mouthful of blood. They tried all methods to disturb Fang Yuan and obstruct him from purchasing time path immortal materials without hesitating on paying a huge price. This had indeed created huge trouble for Fang Yuan, but all their actions turned out to be of no use now.


 2Red Lotus’ true meaning, rank eight Immortal Gu Regret, large amounts of time path immortal materials, as well as immortal killer moves.


 Among the immortal killer moves, the greatest gains were immortal killer moves that used Spring Autumn Cicada as the core. The most important thing Fang Yuan cared about was the spring autumn success killer move, this move used several supplementary Immortal Gu and with the activation of Spring Autumn Cicada, its success rate would reach one hundred percent!


 Simply using Spring Autumn Cicada had too low of a success rate, it also had the disadvantage of greatly decreasing luck. But although spring autumn success immortal killer move still had the disadvantage of reducing luck, the failure rate was lowered to zero.


 With this move, Spring Autumn Cicada’s practicality obtained an enormous boost! Fang Yuan had already decided to prepare this killer move.


 Almost all the immortal killer moves were in the form of information and required Fang Yuan to personally prepare them. But one time path killer move had been specially activated by Red Lotus Demon Venerable and left for Fang Yuan. The former rank nine killer move, after over a million years, had its power greatly reduced but was still effective.


 The name of this time path killer move — Future Self!


 This move relied on the River of Time and Red Lotus’ stone island, the Gu Immortal user could temporarily borrow the use of a certain future state of his life.


 For instance, a Gu Master who had only rank five cultivation, but in the future, would successfully pass his ascension tribulation and become rank six. Under the use of future self, he could borrow the body of his future Gu Immortal self and temporarily gain a Gu Immortal’s cultivation level.


 5Even Fang Yuan was speechless at the mysterious and terrifying powers of this move.


 Unfortunately, this move had already weakened to rank seven level and was of no use to Fang Yuan.


 1In Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s deduction, Fang Yuan would have rank seven cultivation when he found this stone island. But Red Lotus Demon Venerable was after all not a wisdom path Immortal Venerable, even if he were a wisdom path Immortal Venerable, there could still be flaws in the deductions. Especially in the situation when fate Gu was injured and luck path emerged, everything had become much more difficult to predict.


 “My cultivation is already rank eight, I can only give this future self killer move to my subordinates.”


 “This can make up for their lack in strength and have the qualifications to participate in my battles.”


 “What a pity that I lost so much manpower before this.”


 The complete content of Red Lotus’ true inheritance was extremely plentiful and indeed worthy of being Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritance. But Fang Yuan was still slightly disappointed.


 The thing he had most expected was some kind of method or a shortcut to pull a fast one and destroy fate Gu.


 However, Red Lotus Demon Venerable did not leave behind such things.


 Even in the memory left by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, it only portrayed his experiences of becoming an Immortal Venerable and his regretful life later on. As for how he refined Spring Autumn Cicada or how he invaded Heavenly Court and injured fate Gu, there were no memories of them.


 The memories had directly skipped to Red Lotus Demon Venerable constructing the Red Lotus stone island after becoming a venerable. What was the deeper meaning behind such an arrangement?


 Fang Yuan had inquired before he consumed Red Lotus’ true meaning.


 The reply of Red Lotus’ true meaning was: There was no shortcut to destroying fate Gu. Even if Red Lotus Demon Venerable had exploited some kind of shortcut back then, that shortcut no longer existed now. Don’t underestimate Heavenly Court. If there was any shortcut, be extra careful as it should be Heavenly Court’s trap!


 As for why Red Lotus Demon Venerable did not leave behind more memories, Red Lotus’ true meaning did not have an answer. He only gave speculation: “He might not have wanted to point you towards a specific direction because it could easily lead to misunderstandings. Whether or not to destroy fate Gu is your own choice.”


 Fang Yuan asked: Where are the other Red Lotus stone islands?


 Red Lotus’ true meaning did not know.


 However, this reply was within Fang Yuan’s expectation.


 If every Red Lotus stone island could mark the other islands’ locations, they would have already been taken by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable or Heavenly Court. To prevent such a situation from happening, Red Lotus Demon Venerable specially constructed each Red Lotus stone island separately without the ability to sense the others’ locations.


 “Fate Gu must be destroyed!”


 A Heavenly Court with or without fate Gu were two completely different concepts. If Heavenly Court successfully restored fate Gu, although Fang Yuan would not be bound by the shackles of fate, other people or beings in the world would be influenced or even manipulated by fate.


 At that time, Fang Yuan’s enemies would be everyone and everything besides him!


 This was slightly exaggerated, but it was that serious.


 Another more important reason was that fate Gu’s existence was the greatest obstacle to Fang Yuan’s pursuit of eternal life.


 Fate Gu did not allow revival, it stated that all living beings must die.


 Thus, no matter what, Fang Yuan would have to destroy fate Gu.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable might have already deduced this, so he was not worried about Fang Yuan’s motivation.



***
Chapter 1680 - Advancing Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Central Continent.


 Dark clouds covered the sky as thunder rumbled and lightning flashed.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was standing high in the sky, he was observing the Gu refinement process cautiously to prevent any accidents.


 Under the dark clouds, the originally wide plain was now filled with deep craters.


 Bolts of lightning struck the ground, smashing the earth and creating half-spherical craters. The soil inside the crater was refined into a ceramic-like structure with smoke rising up from them.


 “The time is right, my main body should be making a move!” The time path clone just had this thought when countless lightning bolts converged together into one enormous lightning bolt!


 Boom—!


 The deep blue lightning bolt resembling a heavenly pillar struck a white boulder at the center of the plain fiercely.


 Instantly, the white boulder was split into pieces by the lightning bolt, countless fragmented rocks flew out everywhere.


 The lightning was incomparably fierce, it had suddenly converged together and vanished just as suddenly.


 The white boulder that was the size of a hill exploded, but a small Gu worm floated in the air.


 The Gu worm was in the form of a butterfly with various colors, it was man as before Immortal Gu.


 “I finally succeeded after failing six times, not bad, not bad!” Fang Yuan’s time path clone was exulted upon seeing this.


 Man as Before came from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, its origin could be traced back to Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 The original man as before Immortal Gu was only rank six, which was only effective in healing rank six Gu Immortals and had barely passable effects on rank seven, often failing in its activation. Its effect on rank eight was even more abysmal. Fang Yuan could use it effectively because of his sovereign immortal body’s characteristic — different kinds of dao marks did not conflict with each other. But now that he was currently rank eight, rank six Man as Before was clearly too weak.


 But now, man as before Immortal Gu was successfully advanced from rank six to rank seven!


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone inspected it carefully and soon discovered the difference between rank seven Man as Before and the rank six version.


 They both had the shape of a butterfly, but the rank seven Man as Before was much more dazzling. Moreover, there was a change in the butterfly’s body, it looked like a tiny naked and pale person.


 Although rank eight Man as Before was more suitable for Fang Yuan, he was currently satisfied with advancing it to rank seven.


 Refining rank eight Immortal Gu would need countless cultivation resources which Fang Yuan currently did not have the ability to bear.


 Back then, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had almost emptied out his accumulation to refine rank eight Fortune Rivalling Heaven, every member of Snowy Mountain blessed land had complained about it. What’s more, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had cultivated for much longer than Fang Yuan in this life.


 1This was unless Fang Yuan spent his entire fortune like selling Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, Reverse Flow River, or wisdom Gu to exchange for countless resources. But that was not worth the loss, Man as Before might be a superior Gu, but it was not a crucial Gu worm like Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Fang Yuan did not have the extravagant hope of refining rank eight Immortal Gu. He intended to advance most of his rank six Immortal Gu to rank seven.


 Because of the high quantity and the difficulty of Gu refinement along with high failure rate, even if Fang Yuan invested all his current resources, it would hardly be enough.


 Fang Yuan had gained batches after batches of cultivation resources from the grotto-heaven of the Five Xiangs, Qi clan’s grotto-heaven, the Blue Dragon Whale grotto-heaven as well as Red Lotus’ stone island.


 However, Gu refinement was a bottomless pit, no matter how much investment was done, it would never be high enough.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan obtained regret Gu, which he used to construct a refinement path Gu formation that allowed a small portion of the Gu refinement process to be done again if it failed.


 When Fang Yuan’s time path clone took the rank seven man as before Immortal Gu, the dark clouds had already vanished. The refinement path Gu formation slowly activated and along with the killer move self cleansing, they cleaned the dao mark traces left at the scene.


 “Next is Landscape as Before.” The time path clone thought.


 In the list of Gu refinement plans, Man as Before and Landscape as Before were at the top but there were still a lot more left.


 For example, day Gu, Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Strength Qi, Vajra Thought, Star Eyes, Star Thought...


 Unravel mystery Immortal Gu was also important, after its rank was advanced, it could greatly increase the power of unravel dream, which was extremely beneficial in Fang Yuan’s dream path cultivation.


 There were also Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Luck Inspection, Connect Luck, and Time Luck, these luck path Immortal Gu would also be an enormous help after they were advanced.


 Fang Yuan was lacking offensive methods in luck path, but its support function could not be neglected. Previously, Fang Yuan had used his luck path superiority to get rid of the pursuit of the multiple time path Immortal Gu Houses of Heavenly Court.


 Advancing the ranks of Immortal Gu was all done by Fang Yuan’s main body, the time path clone did not have enough qualifications because of low cultivation level.


 After receiving Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Fang Yuan continued to stay in Red Lotus’ stone island.


 Besides him repeatedly refining Gu, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and so on were also moving around on the island. They exchanged pointers with each other and did their best to adapt to their future self.


 Under the effect of future self, their battle strength climbed to first-rate or even the peak of rank seven.


 This was already the limit of the killer move.


 With his subordinates’ strength rising to this level, there would no longer be awkward situations like before. Next time Fang Yuan battled, these people would have the minimum qualification to take part in the battle.


 The regrettable thing was that Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, and Sixth Hair were dead. Although Fang Yuan still had several enslaved Gu Immortals like Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, these people were far less reliable than the former. They were bound by a slave agreement which could very well dissipate under the power of their future self. So, Fang Yuan did not intend to elevate them even though the future self killer move could still be used on several more people.


 Advancing Immortal Gu became Fang Yuan’s most important project and occupied almost all of his time. Occasionally, he used Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move to teleport to the Five Xiangs grotto-heaven and continue refining the killer move heaven form. 

 Fang Yuan had already obtained the true inheritance and was the owner of this Red Lotus stone island, thus he could use Fixed Immortal Travel to travel back and forth.


 Before this, this Red Lotus stone island had been protected by Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s strength, which prevented methods like Fixed Immortal Travel.


 This was the same situation as in the immortal aperture inside the blue dragon whale.


 Fang Yuan had already tested it but unfortunately, he was unable to return to the dragon whale grotto-heaven with Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Also, Spring Autumn Cicada might have reached rank seven, which expanded its detection range, but Fang Yuan did not go to look for other Red Lotus stone islands.


 Firstly, his current strength had not increased a lot, he still needed to process his gains.


 Secondly, Heavenly Court was also searching in the River of Time, Fang Yuan would have to avoid them if he ran into them.


 Finally, Fang Yuan’s rank eight immortal essence reserve was still accumulating because advancing Immortal Gu spent a lot of immortal essence.


 Time passed, several months went by quickly.


 Southern Border.


 Boom—!


 Earth tremored and mountains shook, rocks and stones flew in all directions as an Earth Trench appeared. The vast aura of a wild Immortal Gu spread everywhere.


 “This wild Immortal Gu has finally appeared!” In the clouds, three Gu Immortals looked at the ground with smiles on their face.


 “Alright, let’s compete according to the agreement we set earlier.”


 “Yes. Earth veins are stirring more intensely and wild Immortal Gu appear from time to time. We need to finish our battle quickly.”


 The three Gu Immortals fought fairly, the atmosphere was harmonious.


 The influence of Southern Border’s righteous path super force alliance was becoming increasingly larger.


 Previously, Wu Yong led the Southern Alliance but was unable to deal with Fang Yuan, instead Fang Yuan used the pretense of undergoing tribulation to plot a trap in five regional mountain range. But it was not like the Southern Alliance had no gains, they obtained Tao Zhu’s true inheritance. After Lu Wei Yin rescued many Southern Border rank seven Gu Immortals from Fang Yuan’s hands, he represented Paradise Earth’s force and officially joined the Southern Alliance.


 It was perhaps due to Fang Yuan that the Southern Alliance’s righteous path Gu Immortals restrained themselves, as they had a common enemy.


 They were inwardly apprehensive that as Southern Border’s earth veins fluctuated repeatedly and cultivation resources appeared one after the other, Fang Yuan might suddenly come to fight over them. So, Southern Alliance Gu Immortals did not fight each other to death, instead their fights became controlled.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s brows rose up in joy when she heard the report.


 “Dragon Palace has been found! This is good news, Lord Duke Long had all along been searching for it and now, our Heavenly Court has discovered the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace.”


 Dragon Palace was an extremely powerful Immortal Gu House, even Heavenly Court placed great importance on it.


 “This Immortal Gu House has a deep relationship with Lord Duke Long, I should tell him this news first.”


 When Duke Long obtained this news, he immediately brought Feng Jin Huang to Heavenly Court and handed her over to Fairy Zi Wei to look after.


 Several days later, Duke Long returned without anything.


 Fairy Zi Wei was surprised, Duke Long was extremely powerful, in this current world, what methods could actually obstruct him?


 “Dragon Palace is actually surrounded by a layer of dream realm, I cannot enter it.” Duke Long sighed.


 Fairy Zi Wei immediately understood the reason after hearing this reply, she consoled Duke Long: “Lord Duke Long, you do not need to worry, the formation is already ready, it can use the strength of the whole of Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven to suppress Spectral Soul. We will soon obtain his dream path research results.”


 Duke Long laughed joyfully and said ‘good’ three times.


 Spectral Soul’s dream path research results naturally referred to the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique. With this method, Heavenly Court could condense dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, the dream realm surrounding Dragon Palace would be easily removed.


 “That demon Fang Yuan has made no move recently?” Duke Long asked.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: “Ever since he escaped from the River of Time, there has been no news of him. Currently, all five regions are facing frequent movements of earth veins with Southern Border’s situation being the greatest, countless cultivation resources are being churned out. I really hoped he tried to loot these resources and gave us the opportunity to track him. But unfortunately, it is like he has completely disappeared, I have been using wisdom path methods to analyze every bit of information but have not been able to find his traces.”


 1


 COMMENT


 Duke Long nodded: “Continue to pay attention to him, even though this demon has reached rank eight, he has to face stronger calamities and tribulations now. This will definitely give him a headache. Although he can annex apertures with the sovereign immortal body, he needs rank eight grotto-heavens to skip grand tribulations. Furthermore, there is still the even more terrifying myriad tribulation!”


 Even Fairy Zi Wei felt her heart palpitate when she heard the mention of myriad tribulation, she nodded with a smile: “Lord Duke Long is right, Fang Yuan might have advanced to rank eight but how many rank eight grotto-heavens are there for him to annex? His cultivation won’t change much within a short period of time.”


 2“Currently, Fang Yuan lacks resources, especially time path resources. It will be almost impossible for him to face the arrangements we made in the River of Time, that means he will have no chance at getting Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 1“Although he escaped before, his immortal essence expenditure was extremely huge and nearly all his trump cards were exposed. He needs to quickly accumulate rank eight immortal essence, because relying on immortal essence stones has too low efficiency, he can only rely on his immortal aperture’s self-production. But the immortal aperture’s self-production requires time, if he quickens the rate of time of his immortal aperture, he will also accelerate the arrival of his calamities and tribulations as well.”


 “Once he has no more immortal apertures to annex, he will have to face tribulations.”


 “The time he undergoes his tribulation will be the time our Heavenly Court takes his life!”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes glistened brightly when she said this.


 Duke Long nodded, looking at Fairy Zi Wei with praise: “With you taking charge of Heavenly Court, I am at ease.”


 1



***
Chapter 1681 - Progress


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was slowly flying in the air as he planted the last flower bud.


 The terrain here had already been modified by him into a marshland that was extremely fertile, a large amount of high quality silt was spread here. There was also a knee-deep clear river above the layer of silt.


 The time path clone patted his hand and flew to the sky after giving a last glance at the flower bud.


 Standing on a high altitude, the man-made marshland entered his sight. This marshland was vast, Fang Yuan’s time path clone was unable to take in the whole marshland in his sight.


 A flower bud, the size of a house, could be seen every few kilometers. These flower buds had quite an origin, they were the buds of a desolate plant, extreme marsh flower.


 Fang Yuan had obtained a small portion of the extreme marsh flowers in the blue dragon whale’s immortal aperture, while the rest were bought from treasure yellow heaven.


 After taking in the view, Fang Yuan’s time path clone breathed in deeply and activated summer Gu.


 Summer Gu came from Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha, and was also at rank eight. Fang Yuan’s time path clone was only at rank six and would not be able to use summer Gu by just himself. However, Fang Yuan’s main body had white litchi immortal essence which he gave to his clone along with summer Gu. By lending his clone the necessary tools, Fang Yuan’s time path clone could utilize almost all the Immortal Gu of his main body.


 Summer Gu’s activation was followed by other supplementary Gu worms which activated an immortal killer move.


 Xia Cha had developed a set of time path killer moves to manage the immortal aperture: spring ploughing, summer hoeing, autumn harvest, and winter storage.


 The killer move which Fang Yuan’s time path clone activated was not one of them but was modified from summer hoeing, it was used specially to raise extreme marsh flowers.


 Extreme marsh flowers bloomed at the height of summer and bore fruit in spring.


 Fang Yuan’s time path attainment was at quasi-supreme grandmaster, it was at the peak of the world. Along with the light of wisdom, it was simple for him to modify time path killer moves.


 Following the continuous activation of the killer move, all the surroundings entered the height of summer, light rays became brighter, the temperature increased rapidly and the air became increasingly dry.


 The peak of summer had arrived, the extremely vigorous extreme marsh flowers felt all these and began to absorb nutrition from the water and soil, growing at a visible rate and started to slowly bloom.


 Every extreme marsh flower was huge and looked like a trumpet with its petals connected. They were primarily white with a few parts bearing slight hints of pink.


 The knee-deep water was already emptying, the marshy soil had also become dryer. The fertility of the soil was being expended intensely.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone looked calm, this was within his expectations.


 Cultivation methods of extreme marsh flowers were mentioned in detail in both Red Lotus’ true inheritance and Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, all these changes were within Fang Yuan’s arrangements.


 Soon, strands of white mist started rising slowly from the pistil of the extreme marsh flowers.


 These mist gradually spread and covered a large area. Fang Yuan’s time path clone stopped the killer move, the air immediately became very moist.


 The mist nurtured the soil, gradually transforming this man-made marshland.


 “Let’s name this marshland flower mist extreme marsh. The first step is finished.” Fang Yuan’s time path clone observed with joy.


 “It won’t be an issue to feed regret Gu with this scale of extreme marsh flower mist.”


 Rank eight regret Gu’s appetite was huge, its food was the mist produced by extreme marsh flowers. The problem was that this mist needed to be fresh. So it was not practical or reliable to purchase them from outside.


 “When the mist condenses to a certain extent and forms a layer of water on the ground, I can then plant water vegetation as well as bring in small lifeforms like ducks and flying fish.”


 “Then, I will continue to expand the scale of extreme marsh flowers. When regret Gu becomes hungry, the accumulated extreme marsh flower mist will be enough to fill it.”


 The feeding of rank eight Immortal Gu often required a huge project.


 “With this area of extreme marsh flowers, the sovereign immortal aperture’s development is now at eighteen percent. Currently, I have greatly slowed down the rate of time of the immortal aperture, so the production of various resources and white litchi immortal essence has fallen.”


 Fang Yuan pondered inwardly.


 This time, he did not use time path immortal moves to slow down his immortal aperture’s rate of time, instead he manipulated the year essence pool which was much more convenient. It did not expend immortal essence and also did not have some disadvantages of time path killer moves, Fang Yuan could adjust his immortal aperture’s rate of time whenever he wanted.


 “Although I need to accumulate immortal essence, I cannot blindly quicken the time, or else, the tribulations will come quickly as well.”


 Currently, Fang Yuan was already at rank eight but his battle strength had not increased by a lot. Previously, he had exposed almost all his trump cards when he faced Heavenly Court’s ambush in River of Time, so it was not suitable for him to undergo tribulation at this time.


 Once he placed his immortal aperture to undergo tribulation, Fang Yuan would become a fixed target. Because he would have to open his immortal aperture which would be sensed by heaven’s will, Heavenly Court and other forces could easily discover his location and besiege him.


 “The rate of time has been slowed down, but I can still manage my immortal aperture, increasing the foundation of my immortal aperture and expanding my immortal aperture origin core, thus producing even more white litchi immortal essence.”


 The better the immortal aperture’s management, the more immortal essence would be produced.


 A long time ago, Fang Yuan managed his immortal aperture to feed his Immortal Gu. Later, he managed the immortal aperture to increase the production and earn immortal essence stones as well as cultivation resources. Currently, his target was to accumulate white litchi immortal essence.


 Purely refining immortal essence stones to white litchi immortal essence had too low of an efficiency. Ten thousand immortal essence stones were required to turn into one bead of white litchi immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture could produce one hundred white litchi immortal essence every year, in terms of the outside world’s time, that was over half a month.


 Time passed as Fang Yuan continued to cultivate in seclusion. It was now summer in the five regions.


 Although there were no traces of Fang Yuan, the whole Gu Immortal world of the five regions was in an excited state.


 Whether it be righteous path, demonic path, or lone immortals, they were all hectic.


 The reason for this situation were the tremors in five regions earth veins.


 New Earth Trenches appeared constantly, they first appeared in Southern Border, but this situation was happening frequently throughout the other four regions as well.


 Rumble...


 Dust and soil rose, Hong Yi fell down on the ground in exhaustion. He was panting and his face was pale as he looked at the enormous ravine in front of him.


 When the earth vein shook, he and other Gu Masters began to run wildly.


 This was an extremely thrilling escape!


 There were a few times when Hong Yi was able to keep his life only because of his good luck.


 He had almost fallen in but during the crucial moment, he was able to exert more strength than usual and was able to jump towards the precipice.


 “Since when did earthquakes occur here! That was dangerous, I almost lost my life here.” Hong Yi stood up only after a long while, but his breathing was still rough. He looked at the ravine and saw only darkness, rough wind blew in the ravine as dust and soil had yet to dissipate.


 “Every area of Central Continent seems to be experiencing earthquakes during this time period, creating ravines like this.” Even a mortal like Hong Yi felt such a violent change in the world.


 “Eh? What is that?” A wild Immortal Gu slowly flew out of the dust and smoke.


 An injured wild Immortal Gu flew with difficulty, swaying left and right before it was finally exhausted and fell beside Hong Yi’s feet.


 Hong Yi was dumbfounded!


 3Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei gave a cry as her whole body let out dazzling purple light.


 Following the light, the whole Heavenly Court actually shook slightly, an incomparably enormous formless force poured into the large immortal formation.


 The immortal formation rumbled loudly as it started grinding down on Spectral Soul who was locked up at the center.


 Spectral Soul resisted with all his might but was unable to defend, his deepest memories were being extracted.


 “Alright, I finally obtained the mysteries of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, hahaha.” Fairy Zi Wei was haggard and pale but her expression was of excitement.


 She had been working extremely hard these last days, on one hand, she was dealing with earth vein tremors which were bringing forth unexpected situations all over Central Continent, on the other hand, she was strengthening her efforts on dealing with Spectral Soul.


 She had put in great efforts to obtain Shadow Sect’s dream path research results as soon as possible, activating the whole of Heavenly Court’s might in empowering the immortal formation.


 Hard work paid off, Fairy Zi Wei finally obtained a breakthrough!


 In the blink of an eye, it was the height of summer. Sunlight was scorching but it was not as fiery as the fire in Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 Earth vein tremors showed no signs of stopping or reducing, instead they became more intense. Immortal materials, wild Immortal Gu, and all kinds of cultivation resources appeared constantly, creating a festive period in all five regions.


 Within the Five Xiangs grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan’s laughter suddenly echoed.


 “I have finally obtained full grasp of the killer move heaven form!” Beside Fang Yuan was the rank nine killer move in the form of a white crane, it was standing obediently and quietly, following Fang Yuan’s orders.


 “Who could have thought that heaven form’s effect is actually this.”


 “With it, my cultivation might be able to progress rapidly, the issue of calamities and tribulations can also be resolved!”


 Fang Yuan stroked the white crane’s feathers with bright eyes.


 This heaven form killer move came at the perfect time!



***
Chapter 1682 - Searching for Grotto-Heavens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immemorial white heaven.


 An exquisite, pure white crane was flying around Fang Yuan while letting out melodious cry.


 Fang Yuan could command this white crane with his thoughts and it was as easy and simple as moving his hand.


 “I can finally use this rank nine killer move!” Fang Yuan was endlessly moved as he said softly: “Go.”


 White crane flapped its large wings and nimbly flew ahead, but before it reached far, it started circling around a part of the sky while emitting cries constantly.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up as he received a series of information from the white crane that showed the inner scenes of the grotto-heaven of the Five Xiangs.


 Rank nine killer move heaven form was not an offensive or a defensive killer move, but an investigative type.


 Its detection target was everything that existed in immemorial white heaven!


 1Its detection range was extremely wide, far surpassing Fang Yuan’s limits, thus it would be extremely helpful to Fang Yuan in plundering all kinds of natural resources in immemorial white heaven.


 Its detection ability was also extremely strong.


 How strong?


 It could discover hidden grotto-heavens!


 Any grotto-heaven, as long as they were in immemorial white heaven, would be detected by heaven form even if they did not open their immortal aperture entrance. Once the white crane was nearby, it could gather information about the inner scenes of the immortal aperture.


 Naturally, its detection range towards grotto-heavens was far smaller than ordinary targets.


 It had another advantage: it did not use any immortal essence during the whole detection process. The rank nine immortal move heaven form originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was truly extraordinary, it was like the detection was the innate ability of the white crane.


 “But if I want to forcibly intrude into a grotto-heaven, I need to use immortal essence.” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up as he slowly transferred rank eight white litchi immortal essence.


 With the addition of immortal essence, heaven form’s whole white crane body began to emit soft and gentle light.


 Fang Yuan slowly flew closer, letting the soft light cover him.


 At the same time, a hazy white light appeared inside Five Xiangs grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan followed the white light and several breaths later, he was inside Five Xiangs grotto-heaven, the whole process faced no obstruction.


 Although Five Xiangs grotto-heaven was already controlled by Fang Yuan, at this moment, he had successfully entered the grotto-heaven just by relying on heaven form.


 “Quite a high immortal essence expenditure, but thinking about it, I am a rank eight Gu Immortal while the killer move is at rank nine level, spending this much white litchi immortal essence cannot be considered a flaw.”


 “Although there is some white light, the entire process is quiet. Not bad, not bad.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, satisfied with the result of this trial performance.


 It was extremely difficult to charge into a blessed land or grotto-heaven without proper preparations. For example, one could refer to the time Immortal Crane Sect invaded Hu Immortal blessed land or when Heavenly Lord Bai Zu attacked Hei Fan grotto-heaven, their difficulties sufficiently proved the value of heaven form!


 “In the long span of history, how many Gu Immortals have appeared? Although it is not easy to become a rank eight, throughout the millions of years, they are absolutely not few in number.”


 “When Ren Zu’s children destroyed the other immemorial seven heavens, only immemorial white heaven and immemorial black heaven remained. After that incident, rank eight Gu Immortals or rank nine Gu Immortals basically only had these two choices to place their grotto-heavens.”


 “Not mentioning rank nine Gu Venerables, when those rank eight Gu Immortals die, their immortal apertures would often be placed in either immemorial white or black heaven.”


 “These grotto-heavens would fall down or perish because of the continuous calamities and tribulations, but at the same time, new rank eight figures would appear. So, there must be a portion of these grotto-heavens currently in immemorial black and white heaven.”


 These grotto-heavens were great supplements to Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 If he annexed one of them, he could skip calamities and tribulations and thus resolve his greatest hidden threat!


 Naturally, the precondition was he had to find an immortal aperture grotto-heaven and have the ability to annex them, at the same time, this grotto-heaven must not have devoured any fragment of the immemorial nine heavens.


 An immortal aperture grotto-heaven that had annexed any nine heavens fragment would have no more calamities and tribulations, but it would then be filled with heaven’s will which could not be cleansed. Fang Yuan could not annex such grotto-heavens, so Five Xiangs grotto-heaven and Hei Fan grotto-heaven were not in his consideration. Although Qi clan’s Qi Sea grotto-heaven did not annex a nine heavens fragment and had been relying on the immortal killer move unlimited qi sea to resist calamities and tribulations, Fang Yuan’s qi path attainment level became the obstruction to annexing it and it would not be easy to solve this any time soon.


 As for the dragon whale grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan had considered it but he was unable to return to the blue dragon whale with Fixed Immortal Travel as it had already moved far away from its previous location. And with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements in the dragon whale grotto-heaven, even if Fang Yuan had the ability to annex it, he did not dare to make such a move rashly.


 COMMENT


 Who was to say Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had not arranged some hidden methods in the dragon whale grotto-heaven that were specially waiting for Fang Yuan.


 None of the Gu Venerables could be underestimated!


 “There are definitely grotto-heavens which suit me.” Fang Yuan was confident in this.


 This confidence was not only because he had heaven form, it was also because in the five hundred years of his previous life’s memories, there had been many grotto-heavens which had appeared during the five regions chaotic war and been a part of the vast changes of the new era.


 Among them, Fang Yuan had the deepest impression of Nine Phantoms grotto-heaven. Almost all the Gu Immortals of this grotto-heaven mainly cultivated phantom path, the entire grotto-heaven could turn into phantom form and thus be unaffected by calamities and tribulations.


 There was also Dao Formation grotto-heaven, this grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals were extremely proficient in formation path with layers of large formations tightly protecting the whole grotto-heaven.


 There was also Holy Deceit grotto-heaven, this grotto-heaven’s origin was even greater, its original owner had a close relationship with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. After he passed away, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable personally made arrangements in Holy Deceit grotto-heaven that caused heaven’s will to make wrong judgments about this grotto-heaven, the might of many calamities and tribulations were reduced greatly and were passed extremely easily.


 1


 These grotto-heavens were living in seclusion while cultivating Gu Immortals.


 Every grotto-heaven contained many Gu Immortals, they were all genuine super forces.


 However, there were very few rank eight Gu Immortals.


 It was difficult to nurture a rank eight Gu Immortal with just the resources from a grotto-heaven.


 As such, powerful super forces were all based in the five regions which possessed rich and enormous amounts of resources, at the same time, the large population and intense competition between each other hastened the arrival of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Summer went and autumn came. The turbulence of earth veins was becoming more frequent and numerous, Gu Immortals welcomed this harvesting season.


 Western Desert.


 A delicate and beautiful female immortal lightly shot an arrow.


 The arrow pierced the sky while leaving behind a trailing arc of light pink and struck an ancient desolate beast.


 This ancient desolate beast had been moving rampantly the previous moment, but at the next moment, its whole body let out all kinds of lights as it collapsed to the ground loudly.


 Strong wind mixed with yellow sand blew, the entire ancient desolate beast turned into petals and dissipated completely.


 “It is actually her!”


 “Gong clan’s second young miss Gong Wu Hua!”


 “Let’s leave quickly.”


 A group of Western Desert Gu Immortals reluctantly looked at the newly created Earth Trench before retreating cleanly.


 Southern Border.


 Rumble!


 Mountain ranges collapsed, causing dust to surge over hundreds of li.


 The earth quaked as a huge Earth Trench appeared, devouring the mountain ranges tyrannically.


 Ba clan’s two Gu Immortals were looking at this with shock.


 “This is a famous mountain — Sunny Mountain! It was actually destroyed by the Earth Trench, such a pity...”


 Ba De’s gaze shone with cold light: “Hehe, what’s there to pity? The old mountain has collapsed, there will be a new one in the future. Didn’t we discover a large amount of new spirit springs in our way?”


 “That’s true, earth vein turbulences are not only bringing wild Gu and Gu materials, they are also giving birth to many spirit springs.”


 “Do you think that is all?” Ba De looked down with no expression but his face showed great expectation: “Experts are popping out one after the other in the Gu Immortal world, didn’t Western Desert see the rise of Gong Wu Hua recently?”


 “Lord Ba De, how could that Gong Wu Hua compare to you?”


 “Hmph, how can you underestimate the heroes of the world? But wait until I advance to rank eight, Gong Wu Hua won’t be any threat indeed.” Ba De said proudly.


 The other Ba clan Gu Immortal was shocked and joyous: “Lord, you, you are finally advancing to rank eight?”


 “I was on guard against various influences before, but now the Southern Alliance is established while the Alliance Leader’s position is still up in the air. Most crucially, there are countless cultivation resources appearing unceasingly which are enough for me to advance to rank eight.”


 “Naturally, there is one main reason.” Ba De’s expression turned solemn: “An unprecedented great era is descending and I don’t wish to be swallowed by the tides of this era.”



***
Chapter 1683 - Venerable Talent


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chirp chirp chirp!


 A large group of blinking birds, that were surrounding a seven-colored cloud, were flying around while chirping constantly to warn the invader.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil but his gaze carried the trace of a smile.


 The blinking birds’ warning was naturally nothing to him.


 This species of bird was a desolate beast, but they had low battle strength, they could not cause harm even with such a large scale. Their true power was in speed.


 Blinking birds were considered the fastest desolate beast, once their speed erupted, they could escape the sight of a Gu Immortal in the blink of an eye, thus having their name.


 Fang Yuan had concealed his aura and seemed like a mortal. But these blinking birds simply did not attack him, they innately sensed a pressure from the seemingly harmless Fang Yuan.


 Suddenly, a trace of aura leaked out from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Swoosh!


 At the next moment, the blinking birds burst forth, disappearing within an instant. The seven-colored cloud that was densely surrounded by the birds was now floating alone.


 Fang Yuan sighed, he had intended to capture these blinking birds, but these blinking birds had an extremely fast response time and Fang Yuan was also not highly proficient in concealing his aura.


 However, it did not matter if they escaped, even if he subdued the blinking birds, they would not be easy to raise. Their food was the white heaven floating dust that was specific to immemorial white heaven, it was not easy to gather and a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture could not produce them.


 Fang Yuan slowly flew closer to the seven-colored cloud.


 “I didn’t expect to run into a seven-colored cloud soil.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This thing looked like a cloud but was actually a kind of soil — cloud soil.


 In Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit had condensed a large amount of cloud soil to form Cloud Cover Continent, which always remained afloat in the sky of Lang Ya blessed land.


 Cloud soil’s greatest production area was in the immemorial nine heavens. Naturally, there were also a small number of resource points producing cloud soil in the five regions.


 A single colored cloud soil was at most an ordinary Gu material, for example, immemorial yellow heaven’s yellow cloud soil or immemorial red heaven’s red cloud soil. In the present era, the most common single colored cloud soil in the market was white cloud soil, which mostly originated from immemorial white heaven.


 Immemorial black heaven also had a lot of black cloud soil, but it was very risky as there were many soul beasts in black heaven.


 Once the cloud soil had six colors, it would be a rank six level immortal material. The seven colored cloud soil in front of Fang Yuan was a rank seven immortal material, and the value of such a large quantity was very high.


 After inspecting this large patch of seven colored cloud soil, Fang Yuan discovered there were many bird nests in this soil and they contained many eggs.


 These were the blinking birds’ eggs!


 Fang Yuan was not surprised as the behavior of the blinking birds showed that they seemed to be protecting something. In fact, blinking birds were extremely cowardly even though they were desolate beasts, if there was even a slight disturbance, they would immediately fly away with their fastest speed.


 Fang Yuan could incubate these eggs for blinking birds. Incubating desolate beasts was not easy but it would not be much of an issue to Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan did not want to hatch them, instead he wanted to use these eggs as immortal materials to use when refining Gu.


 Blinking birds had quite a strict diet and it was not easy to raise them. If he were to raise them, he would have to release them to immemorial white heaven from time to time, and this was too troublesome.


 Fang Yuan had deep pockets and did not care about profits from blinking birds.


 Ever since he refined the killer move heaven form over a month ago, Fang Yuan had been moving about in immemorial white heaven.


 On one hand, he was searching for immortal materials in immemorial white heaven, on the other hand, he was refining Gu in his sovereign immortal aperture.


 A month in the outside world was a long time in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan had obtained great success in refining Gu!


 Man as Before, Landscape as Before, Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Dog Shit Luck, Time Luck, and others were already advanced to rank seven.


 He had changed his original Gu refinement plan slightly, advancing luck path Immortal Gu with priority. Over these days, he had similarly gained great harvests in immemorial white heaven, obtaining many immortal materials. This was due to the effect of these rank seven luck path Immortal Gu.


 Besides advancing ranks through refinement, Fang Yuan was also improving Gu refinement techniques.


 He knew way too many Gu recipes and also knew countless Gu refinement techniques. His refinement path attainment level was at quasi-supreme grandmaster, but he was lacking in experience.


 Especially in the aspect of refining Immortal Gu, he did not have a lot of experience at all.


 Genuine knowledge came from practice.


 Over this period of time, he had repeatedly advanced the ranks of his Immortal Gu from which he discovered many of his problems and remedied all of them. At the same time, he also discovered many more Gu refinement techniques that suited him.


 At present, Fang Yuan had gained a lot of new insight and inspiration on Gu refinement. The success rate of his refinement had also increased by a large degree.


 There were still continuous earth vein turbulences in five regions, Gu Immortals obtained immortal materials and Immortal Gu, it was a time of great joy. But after thinking deeply, Fang Yuan still chose to explore immemorial white heaven.


 If he went to snatch resources of the Earth Trenches from the five regions Gu Immortals, he would have to show himself and might very likely end up fighting.


 Each Immortal Gu’s advancement increased Fang Yuan’s strength by a little. But the degree of this increase was unable to offset the situation from exposing his trump cards in the River of Time.


 He needed time to quietly absorb these gains.


 Once an intense battle began, his accumulated rank eight white litchi immortal essence would be expended intensely.


 Fighting with Gu Immortals was much more dangerous than fighting fierce beasts.


 Although Fang Yuan spent immortal essence when exploring immemorial white heaven and there were many battles as well, he was relying on heaven form, which had a precise detection ability.


 If there were beasts that were too troublesome or powerful, he would take a detour.


 Heaven form’s detection range in immemorial white heaven was truly very large and could even easily discover many concealed beasts and plants.


 After all, it could even detect hidden grotto-heavens, it was natural for it to discover these fierce beasts and plants.


 The more amazing part was that heaven form did not use even a trace of Fang Yuan’s immortal essence. This rank nine killer move had unquestionable superiority and power! Fang Yuan had already exclaimed praise for it multiple times.


 Exploring the five regions surpassed exploring immemorial white heaven in terms of danger and expenditure, and it was not as good as the latter in terms of benefits.


 Gu materials and immortal materials emerged endlessly from Earth Trenches, but these things needed Gu Immortals to arrange them properly before storing them into the immortal aperture.


 Managing an immortal aperture was not easy, many resources were interrelated or affected each other.


 As a result, most of the Gu Immortals in the five regions would sell these immortal materials obtained from Earth Trenches in treasure yellow heaven.


 Their immortal apertures had limited space and could not be compared to Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture. Many times, the immortal materials they obtained did not suit their immortal aperture’s environment.


 There was another phenomenon because of the unceasing earth vein turbulences, that was treasure yellow heaven’s business, more accurately, the transactions between Gu Immortals had increased explosively! Treasure yellow heaven was dozens of times as bustling than before.


 1If Fang Yuan wanted any immortal materials, he could totally buy them from treasure yellow heaven.


 But grotto-heavens were different, every grotto-heaven already had a complete and harmonious ecosystem. When Fang Yuan annexed them, it would save him a lot of trouble and there was no need to consider anything. He could even increase the sovereign immortal aperture’s size, his cultivation and dao marks would also increase by a large degree, and calamities and tribulations could even be skipped.


 The benefits of annexing a grotto-heaven were too great.


 As for the wild Immortal Gu that occasionally emerged from Earth Trenches, Fang Yuan was envious of course, but these wild Immortal Gu had always been top priority for Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan felt it was better for him to directly rob other’s Immortal Gu from the grotto-heavens since he had great thief ghost hand.


 Heavenly Court.


 The large formation slowly stopped, Fairy Zi Wei opened her eyes which shined with sharp light.


 She mumbled: “Soul replacement killer move? Such ingenuity!”


 1Before leaving, she gave another glance at Spectral Soul but did not try to make him surrender.


 Over these days, Fairy Zi Wei had been frequently plundering Spectral Soul’s memories, seizing his lifetime’s cultivation gains.


 Fairy Zi Wei could not help but admire Spectral Soul’s shocking talent and also acknowledge that in the field of soul path, even if Heavenly Court had already put in enormous efforts, they still could not match Spectral Soul.


 “Such a pity that Spectral Soul is currently reduced to a prisoner. It really is a tragedy, he is the most destitute among all the venerables. Actually, if he had remained dead, his name would have been left gloriously in history. Now, he cannot even seek death...”


 Thinking of Spectral Soul who was still stubbornly resisting, Fairy Zi Wei once again gritted her teeth hatefully.


 She was sure Spectral Soul still had important dream path research results, that was lead soul into dream.


 Although Heavenly Court had already deciphered most of this move, it would still be extremely valuable if Heavenly Court obtained it.


 Unfortunately, Spectral Soul kept on resisting, although he could not shoulder the entire Heavenly Court grotto-heaven’s strength, he was extremely crafty, he would leak some minor information and stall for time.


 The first time Fairy Zi Wei used Heavenly Court’s strength, Spectral Soul was caught off-guard and the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique’s information was stolen.


 But when he recovered, Spectral Soul adopted the strategy of abandoning less important information to protect the true secrets, he was still resisting firmly.


 “But your actions are in vain!”


 “We have the advantage of time.”


 “The Refinement Path Convention’s preparations are already undergoing. Fate Immortal Gu will be completely restored, at that time, Spectral Soul will fall into fate’s tracks and have no way to escape.”


 “The future of the great era belongs to our Heavenly Court!”


 Fairy Zi Wei thought of Feng Jin Huang.


 After obtaining the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique’s information, Duke Long gave these research results to Feng Jin Huang, which could be considered as his first genuine knowledge imparting. Although these research results were someone else’s work.


 1Because they needed to use Feng Jin Huang’s Immortal Gu, they needed to deduce suitable immortal killer moves for her so that they could resolve the dream realm surrounding Dragon Palace.


 Fairy Zi Wei spared no effort in deducing the killer moves, even deducing together with Feng Jin Huang.


 At the beginning, her and Duke Long’s goal had only been to help Feng Jin Huang grow slightly faster. But who could have thought that after the deduction succeeded, Feng Jin Huang even found a method to improve the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.


 Creating a brand new Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body with none of its previous flaws. It could last indefinitely!


 1“The talent of a venerable is truly too terrifying. In front of them, even I feel like I am just an ordinary person...” Fairy Zi Wei sighed mentally.



***
Chapter 1684 - Profound Literature Grotto-heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immemorial white heaven.


 Fang Yuan was moving forward on an auspicious cloud.


 Half of his concentration was in the sovereign immortal aperture and the other half was on guard.


 If it were before, Fang Yuan could not have split his concentration when refining Gu. But his gains were truly huge during this recent period of time.


 He lacked neither attainment levels nor Gu recipes, his only shortcoming had been insufficient hands-on practice.


 Personally refining Gu helped him grow rapidly in this aspect, his success rate in refinement increased greatly and so the amount of immortal materials wasted had also decreased by a lot.


 Refining Immortal Gu had always been a sinkhole, besides Gu refinement, Fang Yuan was also plundering all kinds of natural resources from immemorial white heaven.


 He sold a portion in treasure yellow heaven and bought items he needed for refining Gu and managing his immortal aperture.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s business was especially bustling, the turbulence in earth veins created a pressing demand for exchange of goods in the five regions Gu Immortal world, immortal material transactions in the market were very popular now.


 Naturally, the most popular business was still time path immortal materials.


 Heavenly Court did not stint on suppressing Fang Yuan, they would purchase all time path immortal materials even with a high price, showcasing an inexhaustible strength, displaying the robust and terrifying foundation of Heavenly Court!


 If Heavenly Court found out that Fang Yuan had already obtained one of Red Lotus’ true inheritances and possessed large amounts of time path immortal materials, who knew how they would feel?


 “There are still two rank six Immortal Gu left, the others have all been advanced to rank seven. Eh?”


 Fang Yuan’s body suddenly shook.


 The auspicious cloud suddenly increased in speed. After a while, Fang Yuan saw heaven form.


 The crane form killer move was continuously circling around an ordinary looking spot that seemed to just be made of air.


 “It discovered a grotto-heaven.” Fang Yuan was joyous.


 Using the detection of heaven form, this grotto-heaven’s inner scenery was constantly transmitted to Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “So this grotto-heaven is called Profound Literature grotto-heaven... It is actually a rank eight information path Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture... Oh? There is such a large population and they even have a unique cultivation style!”


 Fang Yuan could not help but feel curious.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s population was even larger than Lang Ya blessed land’s hairy men. Using an initial estimation, there was also a good number of Gu Immortals.


 This grotto-heaven mainly had information path dao marks, thus its environment naturally was suited to produce information path resources. Therefore, the Gu Masters and Gu Immortals here mainly cultivated information path and used information path Gu worms.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven had already been isolated from the outside world for many years, but because it had annexed an immemorial nine heavens fragment, its heavenly spirit was muddle-headed.


 However, the immortal killer move of the original owner of grotto-heaven was still effective. This move was called — Assisting Literary Talents, it seemed to be effective for as long as the grotto-heaven existed and its effect was extremely unique.


 As long as a purebred human created or recited outstanding poems or writings of any kind, they would obtain recognition and reward from this grotto-heaven. Mortals could sing good poems to attract hope Gu from far away and awaken their aperture. Gu Masters could create amazing poetry verses to obtain Gu worms or even raise their cultivation directly.


 “It is somewhat of a pity that I cannot annex this grotto-heaven, I have quite a lot of poetic masterpieces stored in my mind.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he transferred his immortal essence into heaven form.


 Heaven form slowly started to emit light which moved into Profound Literature grotto-heaven. Fang Yuan flew into the white light to enter the grotto-heaven.


 “Such guts! Which vile fiend dares to invade my homeland?!” A vast and mighty voice resounded from within, speaking with righteousness.


 Next, an old man in a white robe and resembling a scholar, possessing rank eight aura, showed up in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was still inside the white light and could not make a move. The old man pushed his hand without any hesitation, countless literary characters manifested immediately and shot forward like a storm.


 Heaven form did not have any offensive ability, the torrent of characters poured in and the white light crumbled. Fang Yuan’s situation became awkward, he could not advance, he could only take the initiative to retreat.


 “There is actually a rank eight Gu Immortal here!” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 According to normal situations, a rank eight Gu Immortal would rarely be born inside a grotto-heaven because the grotto-heaven’s resources were not enough to support the emergence of a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Moreover, this Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit was in a muddle-headed state and could not open the immortal aperture’s entrance, so Gu Immortals could not easily come out.


 Even if this rank eight Gu Immortal had some skills and could secretly come out to immemorial white heaven and plunder immortal materials, the risks were too high. There were many immemorial desolate beasts and immemorial desolate plants in immemorial white heaven along with all kinds of strange and dangerous areas which could pose threats to even rank eight Gu Immortals. This was not a backyard for rank eight Gu Immortals, they not only needed luck to gather resources here, they also had to take risks.


 “Let’s try another area.” Fang Yuan reorganized himself and poured in immortal essence into heaven form for the second time.


 Heaven form was a rank nine killer move, it could connect to any grotto-heaven. He connected from the sky the first time, now he chose to enter from underground.


 However, when he stepped into white light again and tried to sneak into Profound Literature grotto-heaven, that rank eight Gu Immortal appeared timely before him again.


 “You still dare to try again? With me here, you will never succeed!” The rank eight Gu Immortal immediately attacked.


 Fang Yuan was still inside the white light and felt helpless as he was unable to activate any other methods.


 With no way left, he could only let the white light be destroyed by the enemy while he retreated to the outside world once again.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was unavoidably dark.


 He pondered: “The two areas I chose should be vastly apart from each other, but I was actually detected and obstructed immediately. What defensive method is this?”


 It was not strange that he was detected.


 After all, Profound Literature grotto-heaven was an information path grotto-heaven and information path was most specialized in detection, gathering intel and spreading news.


 However, the rank eight Gu Immortal enemy was able to appear before Fang Yuan promptly, what method was this?


 Fang Yuan tried a few more times using not only heaven form killer move but also Fixed Immortal Travel killer move as well, but was still found out and blocked.


 Fang Yuan required a very short time to pass through the white light, but this short period of time seemed endlessly long under the obstruction of the rank eight Gu Immortal.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan experienced what Heavenly Lord Bai Zu felt when attacking Hei Fan grotto-heaven. His strength was clearly higher than the opponent, but with the enemy blocking the entrance of the grotto-heaven, he was not able to enter the grotto-heaven and this felt really unpleasant.


 “Profound Literature grotto-heaven, I will be back.” Fang Yuan chose to leave.


 Anyway, he already knew the position of Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 It had annexed a nine heavens fragment and could not be moved anymore.


 While Fang Yuan left with nothing, Duke Long brought Feng Jin Huang to the bottom of the sea somewhere in Eastern Sea.


 Flood dragons roared, raising undercurrents and raging waves, but were helpless against Duke Long.


 Everything was tranquil around Duke Long as Feng Jin Huang stood quietly beside him.


 Duke Long brought Feng Jin Huang further down. Suddenly, there was a layer of ripple in front of Feng Jin Huang, as if they had broken a layer of formless membrane. Her pupils shrunk slightly as she discovered a large palace at the bottom of the sea.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Dragon Palace!


 The whole palace shone with slight orange-gold light and was richly decorated, the pavilions and terraces were all grand and beautiful. However, Dragon Palace was surrounded by a large dream realm.


 The dream realm was constantly moving and its movement was quite fast. Dragon Palace was obscured from time to time by the dream realm, enticing the visitors.


 The dream realm kept on changing and moving, although some gaps appeared occasionally which seemed to let others enter Dragon Palace, Duke Long was extremely cautious and would rather wait than take unnecessary risks.


 Right now, he already had a method to deal with this dream realm.


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


 He had borrowed Feng Jin Huang’s dream wings Immortal Gu while the deduction of the immortal killer move was led by Fairy Zi Wei.


 Under the effect of the killer move, a small piece of the dream realm quickly transformed into a human body with closed eyes.


 “This is a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, moreover it is perfect with no flaws.” Duke Long’s eyes shone as he carefully sized it up. He had once been harmed by a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body thus he was slightly moved.


 “Huang Er, your modification is truly brilliant! From now onwards, this Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique can be considered the eleventh extreme physique!” Duke Long praised.


 Feng Jin Huang blinked her eyes: “Master, to be honest, I was only able to do so by coincidence. Because I created the killer move shatter dream previously, this modification was done based on its results. I had only thought of giving it a try, but who could have thought, it would truly succeed!”


 Duke Long smiled: “No need to be insecure, my good disciple. Do you think your creation of shatter dream was a coincidence? This is part of fate’s arrangement. It is fate that...”


 Feng Jin Huang immediately pouted: “Master, can you stop saying things like that? I don’t want to hear such words. If everything is fate’s arrangement, then what’s the point of me doing anything?”


 Duke Long was stunned and wanted to say something but only gave a long sigh: “Alright, alright, let’s not talk about this now. Now is still too early for you, when the time comes, I believe you will comprehend it.”



***
Chapter 1685 - Beast Calamity Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Earth Trench.


 Roar...


 A giant desolate beast monkey let out its final roar, it wanted to stand up, but facing the tiny human Gu Immortal before it, it felt its whole body freezing.


 This coldness seemed to penetrate the soul itself, even freezing its heated blood.


 Immortal killer move — Blood Turns Cold!


 The attacker was none other than Fang Yuan’s brother, Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 “Congratulations Fang Zheng, you are already able to freely utilize blood turns cold after these few days of use in combat.” Zhao Lian Yun slowly flew closer and said with a smile.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked at the frozen giant monkey corpse, the red light in his eyes slowly dissipating. His expression was tranquil as he expressed his gratitude to Zhao Lian Yun: “I am flattered. It was all thanks to you protecting me from the side over these days, otherwise, how would I gain such good opportunities to practise my killer move.”


 The turbulence in Central Continent’s earth veins was quite frequent and all the super forces fell into an awkward situation where they did not have enough manpower. To suppress their own internal situation, Immortal Crane Sect had sent Fang Zheng out.


 Naturally, Fang Zheng’s movement was constantly monitored by Heavenly Court, and as long as there were no mishaps, Heavenly Court was happy to see Fang Zheng growing stronger.


 Fang Zheng was saved by Feng Jiu Ge and returned to Central Continent, receiving the support of Heavenly Court. Not only did he obtain blood revenge Immortal Gu, he also obtained cold blood Immortal Gu during his immortal ascension.


 Fairy Zi Wei had already made proper arrangements, giving blood turns cold and other immortal killer moves to Fang Zheng. Now, he was already proficient in the killer move blood turns cold and could use it proficiently in battles.


 Eastern Sea, at a certain area in the depths of the sea.


 Duke Long and Feng Jin Huang had already been refining the dream realm for several days now.


 The dream realm surrounding Dragon Palace was much larger than they thought; Duke Long had used the killer move Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation to refine dozens of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, but new dream realms were still spreading out from Dragon Palace to fill the gaps.


 Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation was only a rank six killer move and had limited might because its core Immortal Gu, Dream Wings, was only at rank six.


 Actually, after condensing the first Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, Duke Long could borrow this special vessel to move in the dream realm freely and enter Dragon Palace.


 But Duke Long’s objective this time was this rank eight Immortal Gu House. Without eliminating this dream realm, he would not be able to safely take this Immortal Gu House.


 While Duke Long was condensing Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, Feng Jin Huang was cultivating wholeheartedly.


 She was mainly researching the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, sometimes, she would move her soul into a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, and sometimes, she would research in her main body.


 “Shadow Sect’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique pursued stability so it could not live long.”


 “Dream realms are ever-changing, their special trait is uncertainty. So I walked the path of shatter dream and made it more unstable, the result was that under the deduction of Lady Zi Wei, double negative turned into positive, obtaining the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.”


 Every time Feng Jin Huang thought back to this, she felt she had gotten lucky.


 “Could it be this is the effect of fate? It wants to borrow my efforts to bring forth the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique?”


 Feng Jin Huang quickly shook her head, getting rid of this thought.


 She recalled the words of her master, Duke Long —


 “Huang Er, although you have researched the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, it is still not enough. You need to research this achievement thoroughly to use it in your cultivation. When you find out how to advance your physique to Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, it will be the time for your immortal ascension.”


 Gu Immortal!


 Feng Jin Huang’s accumulation was already enough for immortal ascension, but she was always stopped by Duke Long.


 Now that Duke Long finally relented, Feng Jin Huang was very excited but also in a dilemma, how could she understand Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique thoroughly?


 Feng Jin Huang was pondering about this issue as Duke Long waited patiently.


 “Am I pushing her too hard?”


 “After all, transforming her own physique into the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique involves the profundities of human path!”


 “> clearly stated the ten extreme physiques were created by Ren Zu, these are all human path profundities. Perhaps I can impart my gains when I read > back then to her.”


 Duke Long was known as the ancestor of the dragonman. The birth of the new variant human race — dragonman, was brought about by Duke Long alone.


 And Duke Long’s achievement was a result of his comprehension of >.


 “Although I took Feng Jin Huang as my disciple, I have not taught her anything. She probably cannot meet my requirements, but it is better if I teach her the profundities of dragonmen. Of course, I still need to warn her that she must not create any dragonmen!”


 “No, according to her nature, she might secretly create them. Huang Er is different from Hong Ting, especially her personality and perception of fate... Sigh, people’s hearts have changed since ancient times. This kind of dangerous thinking should be unrelated to Bai Qing, it is probably Feng Jiu Ge’s influence.”


 Duke Long had naturally investigated Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Bai Qing.


 Achoo!


 Feng Jiu Ge rubbed his nose, his body was filled with bloody stains. He mumbled: “Who is talking behind my back?”


 He was in a very miserable state, his robe was mostly torn apart, revealing his robust and muscular chest.


 “Cough, cough.”


 He suddenly coughed up blood.


 Two Gu Immortals who were hidden revealed themselves, they looked at Feng Jiu Ge’s heavily injured appearance but had joyous expressions: “Congratulations Lord Feng Jiu Ge on advancing to rank eight!”


 “Mm.” Feng Jiu Ge nodded lightly, he felt no excitement towards his rank eight cultivation. In fact, he could have advanced to rank eight long ago but there had never been a suitable opportunity.


 There were always all kinds of shackles holding him back. After all, he had a family and was also the most important member of Spirit Affinity House.


 “Rank eight cultivation level is no big deal, although I now have white litchi immortal essence, I will need time to accumulate it.”


 “I don’t have enough funds to advance my core Immortal Gu to rank eight.”


 “Even if I have the funds, I will need others to help me refine Gu.”


 “Maybe I can rely on Heavenly Court for this?”


 Feng Jiu Ge thought about his Dao Guardian status which had a lot of exploitable value.


 “But the crucial thing is the inspiration I got from > when undergoing the tribulation. Perhaps I can create a song about destiny from this.”


 “Heaven and earth has fate, everything is arranged by it. But after luck path was born, there was room for change. Everything and everyone in the world has the chance to shine brilliantly now.”


 “Destiny song will portray this brilliance, it will describe the certainty and uncertainty of heaven and earth as well as the paths of all life!”


 A period of time passed yet again.


 Immemorial white heaven.


 Fang Yuan gazed excitedly at the heaven form crane which was flying around in circles.


 “Found it, I have finally found a second grotto-heaven.”


 “This is... Beast Calamity grotto-heaven?”


 “Good, it has not annexed any nine heavens fragment!”



***
Chapter 1686 - Giant Monster Fang Yuan!


***





 



 1


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After searching for so many days, Fang Yuan found another grotto-heaven and it had not annexed any nine heavens fragment!


 “But this is a transformation path grotto-heaven, my transformation path attainment level is somewhat insufficient.”


 Master, grandmaster, great grandmaster, supreme grandmaster... Fang Yuan was a grandmaster in transformation path, he was lacking attainment by an entire level.


 The lack of attainment level was not an issue because it could be resolved with dream realms.


 Southern Border had plenty of transformation path dream realms, which were enough for Fang Yuan to breakthrough to great grandmaster attainment in transformation path, it was just that he would have to face some hurdles.


 Besides dream realms, Fang Yuan had another backup method for transformation path attainment level. It was to use calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, immortal tribulation tempering aperture, as well as Reckless Savage’s true meaning in the northern icy plain.


 “The original owner of this grotto-heaven was a transformation path rank eight Gu Immortal who had passed one myriad tribulation.”


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had to pass three myriad tribulations, after that was rank nine.


 Myriad tribulations were terrifying and were also called apocalyptic myriad tribulation. To rank eight Gu Immortals, there was a huge danger of dying but also the chance to rapidly progress in their cultivation.


 One myriad tribulation and two myriad tribulations were classifications of a rank eight Gu Immortal’s cultivation level.


 If Fang Yuan annexed this grotto-heaven, his cultivation would immediately soar to one myriad tribulation level, such terrifying progress could definitely make Heavenly Court panic.


 Duke Long and Bo Qing were also only at two myriad tribulations level, passing the third myriad tribulation would be rank nine.


 Duke Long, however, knew he was not cut out for that so he merged his immortal aperture with Heavenly Court, changing to a phantom aperture. On the other hand, Bo Qing tried to advance but perished.


 “Since this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven has not annexed a nine heavens fragment, how did it pass the calamities and tribulations?”


 It would not be easy for it to repeatedly pass calamities and tribulations just using its own strength.


 In the past, Lang Ya land spirit was afraid of calamities and tribulations so he lowered his grotto-heaven to a blessed land. This was a very wise choice, of course the method to downgrade a grotto-heaven to blessed land was extremely rare and was not something any grotto-heaven could use.


 Heaven form flew in circles while transmitting information.


 Fang Yuan discovered a peculiar phenomenon: This grotto-heaven’s calamities and tribulations were of one kind, they were all beast calamities.


 Beast calamities were a type of tribulation, sometimes, they would be formed from desolate beasts, and sometimes from ancient desolate beasts.


 In this grotto-heaven, heavenly tribulations were desolate beast calamities, grand tribulations were ancient desolate beast calamities, and myriad tribulations were immemorial desolate beast calamities.


 “What method is this? It can actually restrict the type of calamities and tribulations? If everything is a beast calamity, it will be really easy to deal with them. After all, beasts have physical form and are not difficult to block unlike rain, wind, and fog.”


 As heaven form’s continued to probe, Fang Yuan discovered deeper information.


 He sighed: “So this grotto-heaven is not restricting calamities and tribulations, but transforming any calamities and tribulations into a beast calamity. Truly an amazing method!”


 There were many kinds of calamities and tribulations, but their formation would be influenced in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, transforming into ferocious beasts in the end.


 Apart from calamity beckoning Immortal Gu and immortal tribulation tempering aperture, Fang Yuan finally encountered another method that was targeted towards calamities and tribulations, that was beast calamity transformation!


 “Every grotto-heaven that can continuously exist is not simple. Profound Literature grotto-heaven is like this. Beast Calamity grotto-heaven is even more so.”


 “This is truly an unexpected surprise!”


 “This grotto-heaven contains a huge population and countless resources, and more importantly, the method of beast calamity transformation. I need to get this method, it will be very useful in dealing with my tribulations.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan transferred his white litchi immortal essence to the heaven form crane.


 A while light slowly expanded as Fang Yuan flew in.


 He was not blocked by any rank eight Gu Immortal this time because there was no rank eight existence in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 However, when he was entering, the whole grotto-heaven started shaking. A profound and vast strength came from every direction, not only influencing the white light but also exerting pressure on Fang Yuan.


 “What is this?!” Fang Yuan was slightly bewildered at first before quickly reaching realization.


 There was a strange expression on his face: “So it is like this. I am not from this grotto-heaven and came from the outside world, because my strength is too powerful and the grotto-heaven wants to reject me, it is treating me as a tribulation.”


 This Beast Calamity grotto-heaven could transform calamities and tribulations into all kinds of beasts, currently, this force was influencing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan pondered: “It is possible to forcibly resist this strength, but I fear our fight might end up destroying this method. Although heaven form discovered several inheritance grounds which the original owner left, what if the beast calamity transformation method is not recorded there?”


 Just in case, it was better to maintain Beast Calamity grotto-heaven in its original state and not destroy any crucial arrangement.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan boldly retracted his defenses, he then felt endless temporary transformation path dao marks being added to his body. At the same time, his other dao marks also changed into transformation path dao marks!


 “Amazing, amazing! Transformation path can project every path, transformation path dao marks can transform into any path’s dao marks. Right now, this transformation has been turned upside down, changing other paths’ dao marks into transformation path dao marks.” Fang Yuan sighed and praised repeatedly: “This method is beyond ordinary, it seems to involve the deepest profundity of transformation path! It feels like I only need to get in and out of here a few times and let this influence affect my body to comprehend the true essence of this method.”


 “Of course, the quickest method is to charge to those several inheritance grounds and seize the true inheritances there, I can check if there is the original record of beast calamity transformation!”


 Fang Yuan’s body was transforming and constantly expanding. He gradually turned unrecognizable as he transformed into a beast.


 If not for heaven form already inspecting clearly that this transformation had no side effects, Fang Yuan would not have dared to accept this kind of influence.


 Bellow—!


 After a while, Fang Yuan turned into a large monster with a bull head and human body. He was as large as a mountain, his skin as tough as steel, bull hair filled his body, and his nose let out rough breathing noises as he took large steps forward.


 The whole Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was shaken!


 Countless people looked at the sky and saw Fang Yuan, after a momentary daze, screams and shouts filled the sky.


 “Mon... monster!”


 “A monster has appeared again!!”


 “This monster is so large, its aura is also completely different from the previous ones.”


 “Quick, quickly call our beast warriors!”


 Under countless people’s anxious anticipation, a Combat Beast Warrior appeared.


 This was a middle-aged man with rank seven Gu Immortal cultivation level, but his aura was somewhat strange.


 He looked plain and his expression was serious as he moved to the top of the city wall.


 “There is only one record of such a huge monster appearing in history. I can feel an incomparably terrifying force with just one glance at it.”


 He sighed inwardly while clenching his fists, the fire of battle intent rising in his eyes: “But for my homeland, to defend love and justice, I will defeat this monster no matter what. Come, my combat beast — Transform1!!!”


 The middle-aged man shouted loudly and his whole body started to emit light.


 Shortly, an eagle cry could be heard, a silver-white giant eagle flew over from the horizon. This was an ancient desolate beast!


 1The silver-white giant eagle’s body also started to emit light.


 The middle-aged man jumped while the silver-white giant eagle swooped down, the lights on both grew increasingly brighter and when the two met in the air, the two lights merged together.


 Boom!


 The lights dissipated. With an eagle head, human body, and two wings on his back, a beast warrior as tall as the city wall showed up.


 The crowd immediately cried out in joy.


 “He’s here, our Eagle Warrior has appeared!”


 “Go Eagle Warrior, kill this giant monster!”


 “We support you, you will definitely succeed!”


 Amidst the crowd’s cheers, Eagle Warrior flew to the sky and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 He cried out in his mind: “I won’t let anyone down! Come, let us have a great fight...”


 Bam!


 A crisp sound echoed, the silent Fang Yuan slammed down on Eagle Warrior with a single slap.


 Boom!


 Eagle Warrior’s body drew an arc in the sky like a falling meteor before fiercely colliding on the ground, forming a huge crater with dust flying everywhere.


 “...” The crowd went silent.


 An intense dizziness almost sent Eagle Warrior unconscious.


 He used all his strength to conquer it before barely subduing the dizziness, he then slowly climbed out of the deep crater.


 “What happened? I... I was actually slammed to the ground by this monster?” Eagle Warrior reacted only after a long while.


 Recalling that scene, his eyes revealed an intense fright.


 “That speed just now... This is absurd! How can such a large body move have such nimbleness? This is impossible!”



***
Chapter 1687 - Monster Rampages


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Normally, such an enormous monster should have a boorish nature with great strength, it is impossible for it to have such agility and speed!”


 Eagle Warrior stood up from the deep crater, his head was filled with cold sweat. Suddenly, he thought of a possibility: “Wait a second, could that attack be this monster’s combat technique?”


 He looked at Fang Yuan who had turned into a giant monster with bull head and human body, the enormous shadow shrouding Eagle Warrior.


 Eagle Warrior slowly regained his courage as he thought about this.


 “You have a combat technique, I also have a combat technique! I already know your combat technique, but a stupid large animal like you cannot understand my combat technique.”


 “That’s right, as long as I can grasp the opportunity, I definitely have the chance to win!”


 Thinking of this, Eagle Warrior’s eyes emitted hopeful light.


 “He stood up, he stood up!”


 “That’s right, how could Eagle Warrior be knocked out instantly?”


 “Go, Eagle Warrior, we believe in you!”


 Seeing Eagle Warrior stand up, the dead silent city suddenly erupted into heaven-shaking cheers.


 An eagle cry resounded.


 Eagle Warrior flapped his wings and flew to the sky again.


 “You have a combat technique, I also have a combat technique! Monster, let me show you, my combat technique — Silver Illusion!” Eagle Warrior shouted.


 At the next moment, his body suddenly turned illusory, splitting into six illusory images, they were all lifelike and had no difference from the real body. In an instant, the real and fake Eagle Warriors surrounded Fang Yuan and flew above him in a circle.


 The commotion in the city immediately surged to a whole new level!


 “Look, it is Eagle Warrior’s silver illusion combat technique!”


 “He finally used it, look! That monster looks dazed, it does not know which one to attack.”


 1“The chance of victory is here, go, kill that giant monster.”


 “Ahhh~... Eagle Warrior is truly too cool!”


 Eagle Warrior heard the cheers of the crowd which amplified his courage and battle intent in his heart.


 But he was cool-headed inwardly: “I must use this chance to make a definite strike, even if I cannot kill this monster, I need to be able to heavily injure it. After all, combat techniques consume a huge amount of stamina and cannot be used repeatedly!”


 “That’s why, even if this monster is powerful, it cannot repeatedly use its combat techniques. I will first use illusions to make it attack and waste its stamina. After it depletes its own strength, when it has no stamina left, I might be able to capture it alive!”


 Eagle Warrior actually wanted to capture Fang Yuan alive, although Fang Yuan could not sense this thought, he clearly saw through Eagle Warrior’s combat technique.


 Eagle Warriors constantly buzzed around Fang Yuan, occasionally, one or two suddenly swept down and attacked Fang Yuan with their sharp claws and beak.


 Fang Yuan stood on the spot without evading, these Eagle Warriors were all illusions with no real threat in their attacks. In Fang Yuan’s eyes, it was a dead giveaway.


 Fang Yuan was calm and composed, laughing inwardly: ‘This grotto-heaven is somewhat interesting.’


 First of all, the interaction between mortals and Gu Immortals was interesting.


 They were harmonious.


 Different from the five regions outside world where mortals were like ants and Gu Immortals were high and above, in this grotto-heaven, Gu Immortals were the guardian spirits of mortals. More importantly, they were even keen to take on this guardian duty.


 From this point, Fang Yuan could see the trace of a paradise.


 But this was not strange.


 Every grotto-heaven formed its own small world. If there was little contact with the outside world of the five regions, the grotto-heaven would form a different social structure and create a style unique to itself.


 Secondly, the battle style and cultivation method of Gu Masters and Gu Immortals here was interesting too.


 For instance, the opponent before Fang Yuan had merged with an ancient desolate beast silver-white giant eagle to create a kind of human-beast fusion battle form.


 This was clearly a transformation path method and its advantage was extremely obvious.


 Normally, Gu Immortals would need to expend immortal essence to activate Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves. But the Gu Immortals here only needed to merge with a desolate beast and could possess combat techniques.


 The so-called combat technique was just the innate abilities of some desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts. It was like Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle which could enter and exit immortal apertures.


 This innate ability was known as combat technique by the people here, it did not expend immortal essence but had a huge demand on stamina, even having some other cost like sacrificing a part of the body or some lifespan.


 Be they combat techniques, Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves, if we trace their origin, they were all just in essence — Dao.


 Because desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts have dense dao mark accumulation on their bodies, and the fact that certain areas in their bodies have a higher concentration of dao marks, they would possess innate abilities or combat techniques.


 Immortal Gu were fragments of the Great Dao, they represented certain laws of heaven and earth.


 There was no need to talk about immortal killer moves, they were usually a combination of several Immortal Gu and a large amount of mortal Gu, they were an organized combination of dao marks and Great Dao fragments which went through specific profound procedures to achieve a greater overall effect and power.


 In fact, the most primitive immortal killer moves had been created by Gu Immortals who used the dao mark distribution of desolate beasts as reference. They imitated and experimented with these distributions and created immortal killer moves eventually.


 “The Gu Immortals here can merge with desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts to use the beast’s innate ability. They don’t need to spend painstaking effort to refine any Immortal Gu and can also save on the danger and cost of training and creating immortal killer moves.”


 This advantage was truly prominent!


 Immortal Gu were hard to find and every Immortal Gu was unique.


 But there was a lot of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, even immemorial desolate beasts like the upper extreme heavenly eagle could be found in groups.


 The desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts possessing innate talents would often look stupid because of their lack of intelligence. But after they merge with Gu Immortals, the Gu Immortals would possess their innate talents and they would also possess the Gu Immortal’s wisdom. This was a win-win situation for both parties, their advantages made up for each other’s deficiency!


 “But this method is not flexible enough, there is only a fixed method to use when fighting. Innate abilities are not varied enough and easily targeted and restricted, they are full of shortcomings.” Fang Yuan also saw through the disadvantages.


 1“But overall, this method’s advantages are still huge, far surpassing the disadvantages. If it is popularized, the five regions will definitely welcome it with open arms!”


 “Fortunately, this method was not leaked out in my previous life, otherwise my memories would have been completely different.”


 Because this method was simply the best way to mass produce Gu Immortal battle strength, although it could not affect high level battle strength, it was enough to turn around some situations.


 The five regions had many rank six Gu Immortals who did not have even one Immortal Gu!


 And these people were the majority of the Gu Immortal world in every region.


 When one region had this method while another did not and they had a fight, based on the mid to low level Gu Immortal battles, the region with this method would have a high chance of winning.


 “This fusion ability is not anything new but it has never prospered. The greatest obstacle is the conflict between dao marks.”


 “But this grotto-heaven has a method to turn other dao marks into transformation path dao marks!”


 “So Gu Immortals can casually fuse with desolate beasts. This fusion method is the same as Beast Calamity’s transformation method.”


 After deducing this, Fang Yuan wanted possession of this transformation path method even more.


 “I have proper things to do, these flies should stop bothering me.” As he thought to himself, Fang Yuan activated a time path method.


 His current time path killer moves were no longer like before.


 Eagle Warrior was still probing when he shockingly discovered that time around him had slowed down by countless times.


 “This!? Time has become so slow! How is this possible?!” Eagle Warrior was thoroughly horrified.


 He was quite confident in his speed but with time itself being influenced, he was unable to display his greatest advantage, speed!


 “Let’s end this.” Fang Yuan extended his palms slowly, his ten fingers opened up and grabbed the two eagle wings.


 “Darn it, darn it! Move, move!!” Eagle Warrior roared inwardly, but despite using all his strength to fly, he only flew a meager distance.


 Swish!


 At the next instance, Fang Yuan exerted strength, tearing apart the two wings instantly!


 2“Ahh—!” Eagle Warrior’s expression was twisted in pain. Blood flowed out from the wounds on his back, gushing out wildly like a fountain.


 “Eagle Warrior!!!”


 “No—!”


 Countless people cried out in shock, fear and horror took over their high spirits from earlier. Some even fainted on the spot while some covered their faces.


 Fang Yuan slowly put his hands on Eagle Warrior’s head.


 Eagle Warrior’s heart thumped madly as he felt an intense aura of death!


 “So this was its combat technique?”


 “Slowing down time, truly a terrifying combat technique.”


 “But... even if I die here, it was of some value. At least, I managed to expose its secret!”


 Thinking so, Eagle Warrior screamed loudly: “Monster! So what if you kill me? There are still many beast warriors coming to kill you, your death is all but...”


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan exerted strength in between his hands, and like a watermelon smashing on the ground, Eagle Warrior’s head burst, white-red brain matter and bones splattered everywhere.


 Fang Yuan relaxed his palms.


 Plop.


 The headless Eagle Warrior corpse fell on the ground, creating a dust cloud.


 2Fang Yuan looked at the city.


 His body was gigantic, the tall city walls could only reach his knees. His expression was tranquil but his bull head horrified countless people. White cloud moved beside his shoulders, and what should have been a clear sky was blocked by his enormous figure, his shadow shrouding everyone’s heart.


 There was a huge crowd in the city, but no one made a sound.


 It was deathly silent.


 Fang Yuan slowly moved towards the city1.


 At the next moment, like an explosion, countless people began to scream and cry as they started escaping in all directions like headless flies.


 From high up in Fang Yuan’s vision, these mortals looked like a group of ants that were dispersing through the four city gates.


 Fang Yuan ignored them and continued to move towards the city.


 Bam.


 His calf knocked into the city wall, instantly causing it to collapse entirely.


 He walked on the city’s main street but even if it were to enlarge by five to six times, Fang Yuan’s heel would still cover the whole street.


 Buildings crumbled like small paper boxes as Fang Yuan knocked into them, there were also some unlucky mortals who were directly stepped into meat paste.



***
Chapter 1688 - Obstruction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bellow—!


 The monster Fang Yuan let out a roar, his giant body crossing a forest while destroying countless gigantic trees easily.


 “Retreat, retreat!” Deer Warrior was holding a long spear, he was coughing out blood as he went to face Fang Yuan, using his life to fight for time for Spirit Spring Forest’s inhabitants.


 But in the end, Deer Warrior’s neck was snapped by Fang Yuan, dying a miserable death.


 The image ended here creating a buzzing commotion in the hall. Tens of energetic and vigorous warriors – men and women, old and young – were talking in low voices, their speech and expressions were filled with shock and anger.


 At this time, an emaciated old man coughed twice from a raised platform.


 The hall immediately fell silent, all the beast warriors looked at the old man with respectful gazes.


 The old man spoke: “You have seen the images, since the Bull-headed Demon God descended, it has destroyed Sacred Eagle City, Dark Valley, and Spirit Spring Forest.”


 A red haired boor shouted: “Lord Combat Beast King, what are we still waiting for? Almost all the Combat Beast Warriors in the world are here and are waiting for your command to eradicate this Bull-headed Demon God!”


 “Yes, Lord, give us the command.”


 “We can’t wait anymore.”


 “We have already gotten information about Bull-headed Demon God, Eagle Warrior and Deer Warrior died miserably at his hands, we must avenge them!”


 Many Combat Beast Warriors spoke, the collective mood in the hall was stirred into agitation.


 The old man only extended his hand and pressed down, the hall fell silent once again. He continued: “Sigh, looks like you still don’t truly realize the severity of this beast calamity. I know that everyone present here has outstanding battle achievements, but this monster is different from normal. More accurately, if we don’t deal with this properly, it might lead to the end of the world!”


 “What do you mean?”


 “This monster is strong indeed but haven’t there been giant monsters who have killed several Combat Beast Warriors before?”


 “This monster is large and possesses two combat techniques, its time slowing combat technique is especially troublesome. But it can also be countered.”


 The old man shook his head, saying with a solemn expression: “This Bull-headed Demon God has bottomless strength, it could be said to be among the most terrifying beasts. You should know how the first generation Combat Beast King died, right?”


 All the Combat Beast Warriors were visibly moved at these words.


 “Lord Combat Beast King, you mean...”


 “No way, is this giant monster at that level?”


 The old man nodded slowly: “This Star Snail Hall we are currently in is the corpse of star sea snail. The first generation Combat Beast King was the strongest Combat Beast Warrior in history, but to kill the star sea snail, he had to sacrifice his life. And this Bull-headed Demon God is at the same level as the star sea snail.”


 The old man’s reply sent the hall into complete pin-drop silence.


 “So.” The old man looked at his surroundings and continued: “I assembled everyone to move together to kill this Bull-headed Demon God but we actually don’t have a high chance of winning. You must use all your strength for us to have a chance of victory. Please battle with the awareness that you are going to die!”


 “Awareness of death...” Someone mumbled.


 “Hehehe.” Someone suddenly laughed.


 The mood suddenly became invigorated, the Combat Beast Warriors had a similar fire burning in their eyes.


 Their battle intent soared!


 “I already had the awareness of sacrificing for my homeland long ago!”


 “Yes, so what if I have to sacrifice my life in order to save the lives of my family and friends?”


 “We can’t let this Bull-headed Demon God continue to wreak havoc, so what if it is comparable to the star sea snail? I believe my fist and I believe in everyone!”


 “Yes, I believe in my comrades’ strength. The first generation Combat Beast King fought alone, but we are different, we have each other!”


 3Some people shouted, some people raised their arms, the morale continued to rise.


 The old man showed a gratified smile: “Good, I am going to merge with the star sea snail’s shell and transport you all. We will besiege the Bull-headed Demon God and catch it off-guard! Remember, the future of this world is weighing on your shoulders.”


 “We understand!!!”


 The star sea snail’s shell began to shake.


 Fang Yuan was walking on a wasteland.


 He still had the appearance of a monster with a bull head and human body, his size was as tall as a mountain, his shoulders at the height of the clouds and his steps created craters. Each step of his produced an earth-shaking sound.


 “The first generation Combat Beast King should be this grotto-heaven’s original owner.”


 Fang Yuan was already certain.


 He had destroyed three locations and took away inheritances of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s original owner. These inheritances were intact, and although they had lasted for many years, they were not taken away by other Combat Beast Warriors.


 “The cultivation method of merging with beasts is convenient but unfortunately is not the proper Gu cultivation method. This kind of path only gets narrower the more one walks on it, so these people aren’t even aware of Beast Calamity Immortal’s true inheritance.”


 “Hmm? Who is it?” Fang Yuan suddenly stopped, his gaze became vigilant.


 At the next moment, starlight overflowed and Combat Beast Warriors appeared one after the other, surrounding him tightly.


 “Monster, go and die!”


 “For the peace of the world, I will have no regrets even if I have to sacrifice everything!”


 “Everyone, attack together. Believe in yourself, believe in your friends. Even if the monster is stronger, it is not our match.”


 The battle started suddenly!


 At the same time, at a certain seabed in Eastern Sea.


 “Master, it’s done! There are no longer any more dream realms coming out.” Feng Jin Huang looked at the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace with excitement.


 Duke Long nodded.


 “Our painstaking effort over the past few days was not in vain, the greatest obstacle is gone. Dragon Palace is covered by a layer of dream realms, although the framework is not disturbed, the entire Immortal Gu House has already stopped working, it is the perfect chance for us to take it now.”


 As Duke Long pondered, a past memory suddenly surfaced in his mind.


 The red ‘longevity’ character written in the hall was very conspicuous.


 Duke Long sat at the main seat, surrounded by dragonmen.


 “Grandfather, I am here to offer birthday wishes! I wish you blessings as deep as Eastern Sea, and longevity as tall as Southern Border mountains. This is a desolate beast that I hunted personally for you, I hope grandfather likes it.” A dragonman youngster half-knelt on the ground as he held a plate in front of him, there was a tiny seahorse on the plate.


 “This is the desolate beast happiness seahorse, it is very fast and hard to kill.”


 “Seventh young master only has rank six cultivation level, it is very hard for him to kill it, but to think he actually captured it alive!”


 “I heard that in order to capture this happiness seahorse, seventh young master spent a month at the bottom of the sea without moving, his filial piety is truly touching.”


 The surrounding people discussed, there were human Gu Immortals as well but most were dragonmen.


 Among these dragonmen, there were Gu Immortals as well as mortal Gu Masters; they were all Duke Long’s descendants.


 Duke Long was the ancestor of the dragonmen, he created the dragonman variant human race. Seventh young master, a rank six dragonman Gu Immortal, was Duke Long’s most beloved grandson.


 “Good, good, grandpa accepts your gift.” Duke Long smiled affectionately.


 Distinguished guests and grandchildren filled the hall, this filled Duke Long’s chest with warmth.


 But now...


 Duke Long suddenly returned to reality.


 There was only the dark and cold seawater around him and that deathly silent Dragon Palace.


 The past was no more, the warmth that once filled his heart had already been buried in history.


 “Who is it? Come out.” Duke Long suddenly spoke, his expression calm as his sharp gaze scanned several areas.


 “As expected of Heavenly Court’s Duke Long, you have such keen perception.” An old woman slowly revealed herself. She was hunch-backed, she had deep wrinkles on her face that resembled the pattern of a purple venomous snake, extending from her face to her arms and to her whole body.


 “Duke Long, we are definitely going to obtain this Immortal Gu House.” Another Gu Immortal appeared, he was dressed in a white robe, he looked young and was handsome.


 “Your Central Continent wants to take what belongs to our Eastern Sea? Hmph.” The third Gu Immortal snorted coldly, he was robust and his triangular eyes shone with cold light.


 The final Gu Immortal slowly approached Duke Long from behind, he wore a black robe, his face could not be seen, he was silent like an eerie ghost, filled with dark energy.


 “Granny Rong, Yang Zi He, Shi Miao, and Zhang Yin, you are all lone and demonic immortals of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. Was it easy for you to cultivate to rank eight? Why are you sending yourselves to death by coming before me?” Duke Long was still relaxed even when he was surrounded by four rank eight Gu Immortals.


 “No need to speak nonsense, let’s fight!” Shi Miao took the lead.


 A huge battle erupted!



***
Chapter 1689 - Failure


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immemorial white heaven, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 “Bull demon, face this move!” A golden haired ape shouted as it charged towards Fang Yuan while carrying the might of wind and thunder.


 Bull-headed Demon God Fang Yuan stood on the spot without moving, quietly looking at the golden haired ape approaching him. Only when the ape reached in front of him did he lift his hand slightly.


 Swoosh!


 At the next moment, his fist that was raised from kneel level suddenly appeared right before his chest.


 A straight punch.


 It was an ordinary movement, but in Fang Yuan’s current state, it had terrifying might.


 Before the golden haired ape could react, it felt an incomparable strength that sent it flying backwards.


 Bam!


 After flying a short arc in the air, the golden haired ape crashed into a mountain. Rocks and boulders were smashed and fell down, burying him.


 “What kind of strength is this, even Golden Ape is not its match!”


 “I have never seen such strength matched with such speed... It is indeed a monster on the same level as the star sea snail!”


 Besides the buried Golden Ape, there were several Combat Beast Warriors around the battlefield, but right now, they all felt a chill as they saw Golden Ape’s ending.


 “Pull yourself together! This is clearly a combat technique, it will expend its stamina intensely if it uses it many times.” One of the Combat Beast Warriors, Lightning Lion, roared.


 Fang Yuan had already defeated most of the Combat Beast Warriors sent by Combat Beast King, but there were still five who had some strength left.


 They were the strongest five Combat Beast Warriors!


 There were two Lion Warriors, Lightning Lion and Dharma Lion. The former had a lion head and human body, and grasped lightning powers, while the latter had a human head and lion body, and had extremely powerful recovery.


 A mountain sized mollusk, called Stone Mollusk. Its two large shells were open and could spit out countless meteor-like stones.


 A gigantic rhinoceros that looked like it was forged from steel, it was called Steel Rush.


 The last one was an exquisite Frost Butterfly with the size of an adult’s fist, it had a human shape with butterfly wings and could let out powerful frost energy.


 “Hehehe, stupid bull, you are trapped.” Unknowingly, the exquisite Frost Butterfly had appeared above Fang Yuan’s head.


 Frost energy burst forth, covering Fang Yuan’s head and shoulders and quickly spreading down.


 Roar!


 Steel Rush let out a loud roar as it rushed straight towards Fang Yuan, causing an earthquake.


 “Have a taste of my new combat technique!” Stone Mollusk suddenly started moving in circles rapidly, letting out an astonishing speed as it closed in on Fang Yuan.


 Its two shells opened and it clamped down on Fang Yuan’s whole lower half.


 At the next moment, Steel Rush fiercely knocked Fang Yuan to the ground.


 Freezing air had frozen Fang Yuan’s arms in a large block of deep blue profound ice.


 “The time is now!” Lightning Lion and Dharma Lion attacked Fang Yuan’s head from the left and right.


 “Die!” The five of them shouted together, their battle intent soared to their peak state.


 Boom—!


 An intense explosion occurred, causing boundless surging air currents. The five Combat Beast Warriors were like small planks in a hurricane as they coughed out blood and were sent flying away by the air currents.


 In the dust cloud, a mountain sized black figure was gradually revealed.


 Fang Yuan quietly stood on his original spot, he looked at the five Combat Beast Warriors that wanted to fight him struggle on the ground, before continuing to move ahead.


 Bam Bam Bam...


 His every step shook the surrounding land and left behind large footprints.


 “Damn it!”


 “Don’t leave...”


 “Stop, stop it!”


 Combat beast warriors struggled to stand up, but only Lightning Lion was able to barely stand up.


 “It is Lightning Lion!”


 “Go, you must stop this monster!”


 Lightning Lion charged towards Fang Yuan without any fear once again, his gaze was filled with resolute light: “If you want to slaughter the others, you will have to step past my corpse.”


 Boom!


 No one saw how Fang Yuan attacked, they only saw Lightning Lion getting slammed back at an even faster speed.


 The giant lion’s body was dragged along the ground, creating a thirty meter sized gully before it stopped.


 Lightning Lion fainted, there was no movement from him anymore.


 Fang Yuan continued moving forward.


 He had controlled himself and did not take the lives of these people. Different from when he had just invaded, after inheriting several inheritances, his attitude had already changed. Right now, the way he looked at it, everything in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was his property. This naturally included these Combat Beast Warriors.


 “There is the final inheritance ground left. As long as I take this inheritance, I can combine all the inheritance contents and obtain the complete contents.”


 Soon, Fang Yuan reached before the star sea snail.


 The star sea snail was an immemorial desolate beast, but the one in front of Fang Yuan was only its corpse.


 Beast Calamity Immortal had been heavily injured when fighting the star sea snail and had suffered a fatal, irrecoverable wound. On his deathbed, he had left behind the inheritances and also forged this star sea snail into the final inheritance ground.


 “Bull-headed Demon God, I have been waiting for you.” This generation’s Combat Beast King stood on the top of the star sea snail and looked at Fang Yuan.


 He was already very old and was like a small ant when compared to Fang Yuan’s size.


 But this ant’s eyes burned with blazing flames.


 Starlight suddenly shined on the star sea snail’s body and covered the old man’s body.


 Several breaths later, the starlight became eye-piercing.


 After the starlight dissipated, a heavily armored giant stood in front of Fang Yuan, only slightly shorter than Fang Yuan.


 “Oh? So this method is not limited to live beasts, it can even be used on an immemorial desolate beast’s corpse!” Fang Yuan was inwardly surprised.


 But shortly afterwards, he understood.


 This transformation path method was reliant on dao marks and did not differentiate between alive or dead targets.


 Although the star sea snail was dead, its shell still retained a vast number of star path dao marks which could be used by the old man.


 “This should be this grotto-heaven’s greatest trump card, right? Unfortunately, even if it were a living star sea snail, it would be no match for me. Let alone its corpse that has lost so many dao marks since its death.”


 Fang Yuan mentally sneered as he charged towards the star armored giant.


 The battle was intense but the result was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 In the scarred battlefield, Fang Yuan was still standing proudly while the star armored giant was collapsed on the ground on the verge of death.


 “There is no hope...” The other Combat Beast Warriors who had come to help out in the battle were kneeling on the ground, their faces were pale.


 Starlight shined, the star armored giant once again turned back into the current generation Combat Beast King and there was also the star sea snail shell with cracks all over it.


 Fang Yuan examined for a while and discovered the profundities within the star sea snail.


 He laughed and suddenly spoke: “Beast Calamity heavenly spirit, are you still not coming out?”


 “...”


 All the Combat Beast Warriors were dumbstruck and shaken.


 “I... I... what did I just hear?”


 “That giant monster spoke, it can actually speak human language?!”


 “Am I hearing things because I am too old and am about to die soon?” The Combat Beast King mumbled with a dull expression.


 But at the next moment, an even more astonishing scene played out.


 Beast Calamity heavenly spirit flew towards Fang Yuan along with several Immortal Gu.


 The heavenly spirit was in the form of a young qilin, it spoke with a crisp and clear sound: “Foreign Gu Immortal, although you came here and obtained many inheritances, you have not obtained my full recognition. You recklessly killed innocent people and rampaged wildly, you are powerful but you can only obtain my main body’s immortal killer moves. As for Immortal Gu and this grotto-heaven’s inheritance rights, don’t even think about it.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan let out laughter filled with deep meaning.


 The young qilin was solemn: “I know what you are thinking, even I won’t be able to win against you if you use force. But I can make these Immortal Gu self-detonate and destroy the grotto-heaven, you will gain nothing from this.”


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 He felt somewhat troubled when he saw the young qilin’s resolute look. A heavenly spirit was like a land spirit, it would not lie.


 Fang Yuan was unable to inspect where Beast Calamity Immortal’s Immortal Gu were.


 And his blood light spirit suppression was not high enough level to pose sufficient threat to the grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit.


 “So it was like this, the Combat Beast Warriors here were originally a part of the inheritance. I realize Beast Calamity Immortal’s intention.” After a long while of silence, Fang Yuan suddenly spoke.


 “Even if you understand now, it is too late. Everyone only has one chance. But you are not leaving empty-handed, according to the main body’s arrangements, immortal killer moves will be handed to you.” The heavenly spirit had made its point clear, it wanted him to leave.


 After Fang Yuan obtained these immortal killer moves, he did not remain or use force, leaving Beast Calamity grotto-heaven through the entrance which was opened by the heavenly spirit.


 1Eastern Sea.


 The battle between five rank eight Gu Immortals was astonishing!


 1Large sea waves and tsunamis surged, dark clouds rumbled in the sky with lightning flashing and thunder roaring. Undercurrents rose in the sea, poison path, water path, soul path, and all kinds of terrifying methods had already exterminated all living beings in the surroundings.


 “If you have any methods left, use them.” Duke Long was still relaxed.


 Feng Jin Huang was standing beside him, she was completely safe with not even a hair out of place. But right now, her face was filled with shock. After all, this was the first time she was seeing the fight between rank eight Gu Immortals at such a close distance, this had truly broadened her perspective.


 Granny Rong, Yang Zi He, and others were solemn and distressed.


 After truly exchanging moves, they tasted Duke Long’s power. Although Duke Long was alone and had a burden, Feng Jin Huang, the four Eastern Sea rank eights were actually unable to gain an upper hand since the start. Despite the four immortals using all their strength, they were unable to change the situation. Right now, they already saw signs of defeat!


 “He already has quasi-rank nine strength, besides an Immortal Venerable or a Demon Venerable, we have no way to deal with him!”


 “Such powerful strength, as expected of Heavenly Court, as expected of Duke Long...”


 The morale of Granny Rong, Yang Zi He, and the others had already sunk to rock-bottom.


 “Damn it, we plotted to get Dragon Palace for so long but Heavenly Court is going to take it away.”


 “Sigh, let’s go. We are not Duke Long’s match and with us being on guard against each other, we cannot cooperate completely, there is no meaning in staying.”


 Seeing there was no choice, the four Eastern Sea rank eights left immediately.


 Duke Long did not give chase.


 His goal this time was Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace and his goal never changed.


 “Dragon Palace was corroded by dream realms and has already fallen apart, I wonder how many Gu are still remaining? How many core Immortal Gu are damaged?”


 Duke Long sighed inwardly as he moved to take Dragon Palace.


 “Hmm?!”


 At the next moment, an astonishing scene occurred.


 Dragon Palace suddenly let out an extraordinary splendor and flew to the sky.


 Duke Long remained standing on the spot, he was not able to obstruct Dragon Palace in time and could only look as it flew away. A trace of blood flowed out from the corners of his lips as his eyes revealed shock: “Dragon Palace is actually completely intact, not only this, one of its cores is a dream path Immortal Gu!”


 “Hahaha, Duke Long, let’s see how you fight against us this time!” The four Eastern Sea rank eights had returned.


 Duke Long’s expression sank.


 The situation had turned troublesome.


 He was besieged and Dragon Palace had flown away while spreading its aura everywhere, it would definitely create turmoil in Eastern Sea!



***
Chapter 1690 - Myriad Beings Assimilation Transformation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Immortal killer move — Myriad Beings Assimilation Transformation.” Fang Yuan mumbled.


 He was sitting on the auspicious cloud moving through empty air in immemorial white heaven, it was vast and boundless.


 After leaving Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, he actively absorbed the benefits from this trip.


 Beast Calamity Immortal’s unique method was immortal killer move myriad beings assimilation transformation, after using this move, it could add a great number of transformation path dao marks and also transform the target’s other dao marks into transformation path dao marks.


 This move expended an enormous amount of immortal essence and also required abundant emotions. These emotions had to be positive and righteous. From this point, Fang Yuan finally realized the cause of the nature of those Combat Beast Warriors in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan did not lack immortal essence. Over this period of time, although he had spent a lot in advancing the ranks of his Immortal Gu, his gains were similarly a lot. Especially in the later stage of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan’s progress was huge and his expenditure had continued to fall. Currently, Fang Yuan’s total amount of rank eight immortal essence was a lot and could support two battles of rank eight level intensity.


 Fang Yuan had abundant emotions as well, he could easily create the positive emotions through wisdom path methods. His wisdom path attainment was very high after all.


 What Fang Yuan lacked were Immortal Gu.


 There were four Immortal Gu that formed this move, among them the core was a rank eight Immortal Gu — Adaptation!


 1It went without saying that this was a transformation path Immortal Gu, and was also the vital Gu of Beast Calamity Immortal. The other three Immortal Gu were all rank seven.


 “Even if the heavenly spirit does not give me these Immortal Gu, I can snatch them. I have already improved great thief ghost hand and it is now much more reliable.”


 “Currently, I only need heaven form to constantly scout and find the place where these Immortal Gu are hidden, then I can use my theft path method to get them.”


 “However, it is somewhat troublesome to obtain the whole of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.”


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven itself had an enormous value to him. But the heavenly spirit was able to destroy the grotto-heaven, so if he rashly used force, his losses would far outweigh his gains.


 “From my deduction based on this myriad beings assimilation transformation, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals might also have a trump card.”


 Desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts could be used for myriad beings assimilation transformation, so could the star sea snail’s shell. These Gu Immortals did not grasp myriad beings assimilation transformation, the reason was that Beast Calamity Immortal used this move on the entire Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 That meant, if the situation came to it, the entire Beast Calamity grotto-heaven could merge with the Gu Immortals through myriad beings assimilation transformation.


 This could create a temporary rank eight battle strength!


 Naturally, Fang Yuan could win against this kind of rank eight, but all of the resulting losses would be incurred on Fang Yuan. Even if he won, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, which had used myriad beings assimilation transformation, would suffer severe damage.


 “This means, I need to deduce a way to restrict them from using myriad beings assimilation transformation with the entire Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.”


 “Also, I can use familiar face to invade once again.”


 Beast Calamity heavenly spirit said a person only had one chance to inherit it, but how strong could its detection ability be? Could it distinguish Fang Yuan’s true identity? According to Fang Yuan’s deduction, this possibility was very low.


 However, just as Fang Yuan was deducing restraining methods, he obtained some news.


 This news was important!


 “Dragon Palace has appeared? Moreover, Duke Long personally made a move but was not able to acquire it? Oh, it was because he was obstructed by an alliance of four Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals?”


 “Interesting! Currently, the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace is flying in the skies of Eastern Sea without hiding its aura, it has already created a huge commotion, countless forces and Gu Immortal experts are paying close attention to it.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly.


 He knew of Dragon Palace’s existence.


 There were relevant clues in Shadow Sect’s true inheritance. But these clues were only superficial clues and were not significant enough. The most valuable content recorded was: Dragon Palace had a restriction that its inheritor must be a dragonman!


 Although Fang Yuan wanted to own a rank eight Immortal Gu House, he never had a good opportunity or time. Although he had Bai Ning Bing, it would be difficult to search for Dragon Palace and it would take a great amount of time and energy.


 According to the previous situation, although the rank eight Immortal Gu House was strong, were Fang Yuan to take the risk to search for it and end up unable to obtain it, he would quickly be pursued and hunted by Heavenly Court.


 The benefits were huge but the risk was even greater, so Fang Yuan had not made a move.


 “So Heavenly Court had been secretly searching for Dragon Palace and almost got it.”


 Knowing this, Fang Yuan could not help but praise those four Eastern Sea rank eights: Great job!


 He did not think for long, Fang Yuan immediately left immemorial white heaven and moved towards Eastern Sea.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was here and would not be discovered easily, he could deal with it slowly. Dragon Palace’s matter was urgent, he could not let Heavenly Court take it.


 This was a rank eight Immortal Gu House and had an unknown dream path Immortal Gu!


 Days later, Eastern Sea.


 Boom!


 Amidst an intense explosion, Gu Immortal Shi Miao spat out a large mouthful of blood while retreating rapidly.


 Duke Long gave a loud roar, his body turned into light rays as he charged at Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace.


 The distance between the two was rapidly shrinking, but at the crucial moment, Granny Rong moved and blocked Duke Long.


 Her whole body was releasing purple gas, she was heavily injured and was pale as paper.


 Duke Long’s momentum was ferocious but his pupils shrunk when he saw the purple poisonous air around Granny Rong, he rapidly changed his direction and detoured.


 Granny Rong was a poison path Gu Immortal, this purple poisonous air was her trump card and even Duke Long was not willing to touch it.


 Granny Rong was not in a good state, over these days of fighting, her loss was the greatest. One of her core Immortal Gu was destroyed, her speed fell greatly and she was forced into an extremely passive state. She had relied on her determination and the help of the other three Gu Immortals to persist till now.


 It was very wise of Duke Long to detour around Granny Rong.


 Granny Rong could only watch Duke Long with a bitter expression but was unable to give chase.


 Among the four rank eights, the other two were still several li away.


 Boom!


 Duke Long flew above Dragon Palace and slammed at this rank eight Immortal Gu House heavily.


 Bam.


 The Immortal Gu House fell into the sea, immediately raising an enormous wave.


 Dragon Palace acted on its own, it did not fly to the sky again, instead moving deeper into the sea.


 Duke Long was about to give chase when suddenly, his body paused and he struck towards the area left of him.


 There looked to be nobody to his left, but his ferocious attack was suddenly stopped, it was blocked by a Gu Immortal.


 The Gu Immortal revealed his figure and smiled at Duke Long: “As expected of Senior Duke Long, you could see through my disguise.”


 Duke Long frowned, sneering: “Song Qi Yuan, you are the first supreme elder of Song clan, a rank eight Gu Immortal, but you actually sneak attacked?”


 The Gu Immortal was Song Qi Yuan.


 “It seems Eastern Sea’s righteous path is finally making a move. Who else is there, come out now.” Duke Long glanced below at the sea, Dragon Palace gradually disappeared from his sight. He did not give chase, instead hovering in the air while letting out terrifying battle intent.


 At the next moment, two more Gu Immortals showed themselves.


 One was a middle aged man in blue robe, he was Qing Yue clan’s first supreme elder Qing Yue An.


 Another looked to be a young girl with bright eyes, exquisite rainbow clouds coiled around her body. She was Hua clan’s first supreme elder Hua Cai Yun.


 “Lord Duke Long...” Hua Cai Yun was just about to speak.


 “Enough nonsense!” Duke Long shouted and took the initiative to attack.


 Boom boom boom!


 Several immortal killer moves were exchanged, the three righteous path rank eights were immediately suppressed and forced back.


 “Duke Long is too powerful, he can easily suppress three Eastern Sea rank eights by himself!” Fang Yuan was inwardly shocked, he had transformed into a sea snake and was currently swimming in the sea.


 Righteous path rank eights were often stronger than lone rank eight cultivators. This was because they had more exemplary immortal killer moves and ample cultivation resources.


 The alliance of these three righteous path rank eights could absolutely win against the four person alliance of Granny Rong, Yang Zi He, Zhang Yin, and Shi Miao.


 But they were still not Duke Long’s match.


 Duke Long was too ferocious, he was only using transformation path methods even until now, and had not used his most proficient qi path killer moves.


 COMMENT


 From this, one could see how powerful Purple Mountain True Monarch was, he had actually forced Duke Long to use his signature qi path killer moves.


 1“It was not that Purple Mountain True Monarch was weak, but Duke Long was simply too strong!” Fang Yuan looked at the distant Dragon Palace and slowly left the battlefield.


 Since Song Qi Yuan, Qing Yue An and others appeared, it meant Eastern Sea’s righteous path had already discussed and made decisions. Among the five regions, Eastern Sea was the richest in resources and thus had the highest number of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 “Only three righteous path rank eights have appeared currently... there are definitely more coming.” Fang Yuan decided to bide his time.


 Sure enough, like he expected, two more righteous path rank eights showed up and obstructed Dragon Palace.


 Zhang Yin, Granny Rong and others quickly came and fought these two righteous path rank eights.


 A huge battle erupted under the sea.


 Fang Yuan quickly hid in the mud at the bottom of the sea, waiting for a good opportunity to strike.



***
Chapter 1691 - Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Swoosh—!


 Following a sharp sonic boom, Dragon Palace turned into a golden light as it moved towards the sky with an extremely fast speed.


 “Where are you going!”


 “Die.”


 “Want to obstruct me? Not a chance!”


 Several Gu Immortals battled while giving chase, each displaying their great might. Intense battles followed the trail of Dragon Palace all along the way.


 Wherever it went, mounds crumbled and the sea split, the sky changed colors and countless beings met with calamity, rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals all escaped in fright.


 2Only rank eight Gu Immortals had the qualifications to take part in this battle.


 The battles of Duke Long, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Song Qi Yuan, and other rank eights did not allow rank seven Gu Immortals to interfere. Unless they were the likes of Feng Jiu Ge and Fang Yuan. But now, both Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge had advanced to rank eight.


 “Most of the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals are already participating in the battle, but there are a few who have yet to show themselves.” Fang Yuan was patiently observing from far behind, waiting for a perfect opportunity.


 From the time he rushed over to Eastern Sea, over ten days had already gone by. Over these days, the battle between rank eight Gu Immortals was a splendid show with none willing to make concessions. Occasionally, new rank eights would join in while some would temporarily retreat.


 They allied sometimes and acted against each other sometimes. As long as anyone neared Dragon Palace, they would be met with the joint attack of everyone else. Fang Yuan could not find any opportunity to make a move.


 But he was extremely patient and was not in the least bit worried.


 “Being able to observe the skills of these rank eight Gu Immortals from here is also an enormous gain. This information is very valuable.”


 “Duke Long is truly terrifying! In this battle, he is no doubt the strongest, but because of that unknown dream path Immortal Gu in Dragon Palace, the joint attack of other rank eights, as well as being concerned about the safety of Feng Jin Huang, he has not been able to obtain Dragon Palace.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sinister light.


 Not just the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace, Feng Jin Huang who was beside Duke Long was also his target.


 This girl possessed a dream path Immortal Gu and was also Duke Long’s disciple, looking at how Duke Long protected her, her importance could be seen clearly.


 But although Fang Yuan had such a scheme, he similarly did not find an opportunity to make a move against Feng Jin Huang!


 “A chance, a chance... it will definitely appear.”


 “Eastern Sea’s righteous path has clearly already discussed with each other. Someone retreats while another comes in, taking turns to maintain their battle strength and also retain their control of the situation. This is to be on guard against Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s reinforcements.”


 “Duke Long has been fighting alone, but he is still the strongest. If there are reinforcements from Heavenly Court, this stalemate will definitely be broken.”


 “Even if Heavenly Court does not send reinforcements, the four person team of Granny Rong, Zhang Yin and others won’t be able to last long.”


 “Among the three sides, the righteous path is the most stable, the other two sides have the possibility of overturning this balance. But once the balance is broken, there will definitely be a chaotic battle. And this chaos will give me the chance to make a move!”


 Fang Yuan was extremely clear about the situation.


 But right at this time, there was a sudden explosion in front; Song Qi Yuan was struck and became lightly injured, coughing out a mouthful of blood.


 Zhang Yin turned his head around and chuckled: “I have already struck you with fatal dark lightning, chase me if you are not afraid of dying.”


 Song Qi Yuan’s defenses were thorough and comprehensive but after getting struck by this move, he got injured. His defensive methods were immediately torn, fatal dark lightning could not be underestimated.


 Thereupon, the entire group of pursuers immediately split into two, one group ahead and one group behind.


 “Fatal dark lightning is Zhang Yin’s trump card, it has a huge cost to activate, it is formless, colorless and cannot be sensed. It can be arranged in the sea or air, once touched, it will explode. What should we do?” The remaining three rank eight Gu Immortals were also of the righteous path.


 “We need to give chase, it will be dangerous for Hua Cai Yun alone.”


 “We don’t have time to make a detour, we can only control beast groups to charge through this lightning formation!”


 The three righteous path members quickly thought of a way and released their respective ancient desolate beasts.


 Song Qi Yuan waved his hand, these ancient desolate beasts’ auras immediately soared to the level of immemorial desolate beasts.


 Boom boom boom!


 The false immemorial desolate beasts could trigger the fatal dark lightning traps.


 These ancient desolate beasts constantly died to pave a path for the three righteous path rank eights.


 The three rank eights quickly moved ahead through the path.


 “This is a little troublesome, let’s take a chance.” Fang Yuan was uneasy and wanted to cross the lightning formation as well.


 Boom!


 He was immediately struck by the fatal dark lightning, but did not dare use reverse flow protection seal and could only endure the damage forcibly.


 “This dark lightning is truly troublesome, it is better to make a detour.” Fang Yuan coughed out a mouthful of blood, changing his original intention.


 Boom!


 He was struck again.


 “Ridiculous, this fatal dark lightning actually spread out this far, its range is too wide.” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and swallowed his blood.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan continued to trigger fatal dark lightning traps, his luck path methods seemed to have no use.


 After about eight minutes, Fang Yuan forcibly endured the pain as he caught up to the rank eight Gu Immortals’ battle.


 “Come and face my killer move, red pestilence insignia!” Granny Rong shouted and used all her strength to shoot out a red insignia.


 Hua Cai Yun snorted as she pushed forward her hands, sending out a lump of cloud.


 This cloud was pitch black and was like an inverted pot, its shape was peculiar. It quickly moved and absorbed the red insignia.


 Granny Rong’s expression immediately changed, she had lost control of the red pestilence insignia.


 The cloud continued to move as it tossed the red pestilence insignia away.


 Hua Cai Yun said proudly: “Your red pestilence insignia is useless against my pot tossing cloud! It will only be tossed away by me, I will never get hit.”


 “The f*ck!” Fang Yuan cursed in his mind. By some weird coincidence, the red pestilence insignia had been tossed towards him.


 3Dodge!


 Fang Yuan was disguised as a sea snake and could not casually increase his speed, so he barely managed to dodge.


 The red pestilence insignia flew far away and exploded, the surrounding sea area met with calamity, living beings met their end with countless sea organisms turning into mush from the intense poison.


 Fang Yuan was also struck by the move, he endured the rank eight killer move and turned into a sea snake corpse, continuing his disguise.


 It was not easy for Fang Yuan to stalk from behind, he was constantly hit by the splattering effects of the moves in this battle. Fortunately, he remained far behind and with the rank eight Gu Immortals all paying attention to Dragon Palace and each other, they had not discovered him.


 However, this did not last long, Fang Yuan’s identity was finally exposed several days later.


 It was a rank eight lone cultivator who found him, he was Yang Jun and had been chasing after Dragon Palace in his Immortal Gu House Fragrant Treasure Horse Chariot when he discovered Fang Yuan by chance.


 Fang Yuan struck him and immediately escaped.


 This movement finally attracted the attention of other rank eights, but Fang Yuan had left immediately. Even if Duke Long wanted to do anything, it was too late.


 Central Continent, Infallible blessed land.


 The radiance of the formation disappeared.


 After inspecting for a while, Fairy Zi Wei nodded in satisfaction and thought: “With this formation here, who can destroy Infallible blessed land? Even if Fang Yuan came here, he would also be trapped.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was confident in this formation.


 A bright light suddenly descended from the sky and arrived in front of her, revealing its true form.


 “Greetings to Lady Zi Wei.” It was Feng Jiu Ge. He already had rank eight cultivation now and his tone carried a trace of being on equal status with Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “Feng Jiu Ge, I called you for one matter. Dragon Palace has appeared, Lord Duke Long is chasing after it but has encountered obstruction from Eastern Sea’s rank eights. Go to Eastern Sea, reinforce Lord Duke Long, protect your daughter Feng Jin Huang, and help my Heavenly Court take Dragon Palace.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was silent for a moment but rejected in the end: “Huang Er is protected by Lord Duke Long, she won’t be in any danger. But... when I advanced to rank eight, I gained an inspiration and wanted to create a new song. I want to enter the River of Time now to observe the different types of worldly affairs throughout the eras, I want to experience the journey of myriad beings’ lives.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was dazed for a moment: “Alright then, guard the River of Time in place of Li Huang.”



***
Chapter 1692 - Working With Longevity Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea, late at night.


 Stars filled the sky, the calm sea suddenly turned turbulent with fierce waves.


 Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace charged out of the sea, flying into the sky rapidly.


 There was a rank eight Gu Immortal waiting in the sky, it was Qing Yue clan’s first supreme elder, Qing Yue An.


 “Puff!” He muttered lightly as he waved his arms rapidly.


 Immediately the phantom image of a mountain descended from the sky, the mountain ranges extended far and beyond, encircling the entire Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Mountain Ranges!


 Dragon Palace’s movement was obstructed, it crashed into the phantom mountain like it had truly slammed into a solid one.


 “Hmph!”


 There was a cold snort as a rank eight Gu Immortal charged out of Dragon Palace, it was rank eight lone immortal Shi Miao.


 Shi Miao spat out a mouthful of acid water, this acid water did not look impressive but it grew with the wind, turning into a huge wave after several tens of feet.


 The wave crashed into the phantom mountain and had an incredible effect, the mountain started melting like snow exposed to the sun.


 The acid wave opened a path for Dragon Palace as it nearly got out of the encirclement, but Song Qi Yuan arrived right at this moment.


 His aura burst out and grand light pillars shined in all directions, dissolving the waves and also causing Dragon Palace to shake, when it landed on Shi Miao, it felt like he was hit by a lightning bolt.


 After this, Song Qi Yuan did not stop, he raised his head and pointed with his finger.


 A sharp light shot out like lightning, vanishing instantly.


 Far away, Fang Yuan who was using star eyes Immortal Gu to observe the battlefield felt his vision going dark, he could not see anything anymore.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned dark, he knew that the star that he had refined using star eyes Immortal Gu was destroyed by Song Qi Yuan!


 “Rank seven star eyes Immortal Gu might be unique, but against a rank eight Gu Immortal, it is too weak, not only can it be discovered, it can also be stopped.


 Song Qi Yuan’s immortal killer move is even more profound, it moved along the starlight and found the star of origin to destroy it.”


 “Even though the star was destroyed, star eyes Immortal Gu suffered no injuries, it can be used again after further preparation.”


 Even though these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals could not defeat Duke Long, they were still rank eight with brilliant methods, they could not be underestimated.


 Earlier, Zhang Yin’s fatal dark lightning, Hua Cai Yun’s pot tossing cloud, Yang Jun discovering Fang Yuan who was in familiar face disguise, and Song Qi Yuan’s attack that destroyed Star Eyes’ star, they proved this point.


 But even so, Fang Yuan did not want to give up.


 “Dragon Palace is very important, it is far more important than I had expected!”


 “It is a rank eight Immortal Gu House that contains dream path Immortal Gu. These days, in this battle, it displayed very powerful offensive and defensive methods, if I can get it, I will obtain peak rank eight battle strength!”


 Fang Yuan’s main body chased while heaven form killer move stayed in immemorial white heaven, dealing with Beast Calamity Grotto-heaven and finding the hiding spot of adaptation Immortal Gu.


 Heaven form killer move was rank nine and extremely mobile, even within immemorial white heaven, there were few existences which could threaten it.


 Because of the earth vein’s turbulence, the Gu Immortals of the five regions were in chaos.


 Especially, Eastern Sea, the emergence of Dragon Palace caused a battle among rank eights, it was truly spectacular.


 On this day, Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven also started to tremor intensely.


 Bzzz bzzz bzzz....


 Orange-yellow light flickered endlessly, enveloping the sky of Longevity Heaven.


 Next, an aura started from an extremely weak state and grew rapidly, soon filling the world and causing fear in everyone.


 Such a change had already attracted the attention of Five Elements Grandmaster, Bull Demon, and Flower Lady.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was a lone cultivator of Northern Plains, but after getting trapped by Longevity Heaven, he felt despair after struggling and decided to join Longevity Heaven, he was not stationed in Longevity Heaven permanently.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady were a duo that took the role of North Desolation Immortal together.


 Bull Demon was a muscular brute with a thick beard and a thunderous voice, he was extremely tall and strong, having a powerful aura. Flower Lady was a little girl with a flower on her head, she sat on the muscular man’s shoulder, giggling as her crystal-like eyes flickered with innocence.


 “What happened?” Five Elements Grandmaster was very uncertain.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady looked at each other, the latter giggled: “West Desolation Immortal Bing Sai Chuan has awakened!”


 Longevity Heaven was a bit different from Heavenly Court, it had Four Desolation Immortals and Eight Extremities, a total of twelve positions. Among which, the Four Desolation Immortals were only meant for rank eight Gu Immortals, while the Eight Extremities needed at least rank seven cultivation level, and they had to be elites among rank sevens.


 “Bing Sai Chuan?” Five Elements Grandmaster’s brows rose, he felt that the name was familiar but he could not get more information from just that name.


 At this moment, there was a loud roar, ripples of light flickered in the sky, rainbows extended like rivers as they pierced through the horizons.


 A figure walked down from the river, he had a tall body and delicate face, nevertheless, his eyes were extremely sharp and icy, emitting a cold gaze. From his right ear to the left corner of his lips, there was an ugly scar, it was flickering with white light, while emitting the coldness of a thousand year profound ice.


 Seeing this face, Five Elements Grandmaster’s eyes burst out with bright light as he became deeply shocked: “I remember now, this is the Bing Sai Chuan who was born in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s generation, he was a rank eight legend, a time path great expert, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had tried three times before subduing him. He did not die, he is actually the West Desolation Immortal of Longevity Heaven?!”


 West Desolation Immortal was born in the same generation as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even though he lost, it was not a disgrace. After all, be they Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, they were invincible in the world with no equal.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to make three attempts to subdue this West Desolation Immortal, it showed that he had great strength!


 “Greetings, Senior West Desolation.” Bull Demon and Flower Lady quickly went to greet him while Five Elements Grandmaster followed after with an expression of reverence.


 West Desolation Immortal Bing Sai Chuan’s seniority was simply too high.


 Bing Sai Chuan went up to the three, he nodded after looking around: “I am awake but I do not have much lifespan, time is limited. Give me the information of the current world, I need to know about it.”


 Longevity Heaven had very comprehensive information.


 They had detailed information of the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the reappearance of Dragon Palace in Eastern Sea, and the Refinement Path Convention of Central Continent’s Heavenly Court.


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building truly collapsed...” Bing Sai Chuan sighed deeply.


 “It was Fang Yuan, that demon was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada, he is rank eight already.” Five Elements Grandmaster gritted his teeth.


 Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly as he said: “Good job, Fang Yuan, he is truly a demon, he did a great job in destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was stunned: “What?”


 Bull Demon looked at Flower Lady: “...”


 Flower Lady looked at Bull Demon: “...”


 The three immortals were completely shocked.


 Next, Bing Sai Chuan added: “Fate Gu is about to be repaired, it seems that this Refinement Path Convention is the final one. There is no time, we have to contact Fang Yuan now and make an alliance!”


 The gazes of Five Elements Grandmaster, Bull Demon, and Flower Lady changed abruptly.


 Was this Bing Sai Chuan really the West Desolation Immortal? Could he possibly be a fake one?


 “Longevity Heaven wants to cooperate with me?” Fang Yuan received this message and became quite shocked.


 It was easy to contact him, Lang Ya land spirit could do it.


 Bing Sai Chuan used Lang Ya land spirit to contact Fang Yuan, he spoke openly: “I am West Desolation Immortal, the current leader of Longevity Heaven. Fang Yuan, you are an otherworldly demon but you have yet to obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance? If Heavenly Court repairs fate Immortal Gu, it will not benefit you at all. Similarly, Longevity Heaven does not want to see Heavenly Court succeed. If they repair fate Gu, it would be too helpful to Heavenly Court, it would also go against the luck path of my Ancestor Giant Sun. Let us forget our past conflicts and resist the strong enemy together!”


 Fang Yuan was quiet for a while before asking: “You are?”


 Bing Sai Chuan!


 Soon, Fang Yuan learned who the other party was.


 He should be the real deal.


 Fang Yuan sighed at Longevity Heaven’s foundation, they even concealed a rank eight legend like Bing Sai Chuan, he had only appeared now.


 And in Longevity Heaven, among the Four Desolation Immortals, East Desolation Immortal had the highest status, the great Bing Sai Chuan was only second place?


 Who in the world was the East Desolation Immortal?


 Longevity Heaven’s change of attitude made Fang Yuan deeply surprised. But to think of it, against the terrifying Heavenly Court, it was possible for Fang Yuan to work with them.


 After all, he was a rank eight Gu Immortal now, the leader of Shadow Sect who possessed deep dream path research results, his name shook the world!


 A while ago, Heavenly Court even infiltrated Northern Plains and attacked Lang Ya blessed land, the two sides had immense conflicts.


 The saying goes, the enemy of an enemy is my friend!


 If they could cooperate, Fang Yuan naturally wanted to work with Longevity Heaven.


 After all, Heavenly Court was the true enemy.


 But how could they trust each other?


 To gain Fang Yuan’s trust, Longevity Heaven opened its treasury and traded immortal materials with Fang Yuan, they could even exchange Immortal Gu.


 From this step, they seemed to be very sincere.


 “Since we are cooperating, Lord Bing Sai Chuan, why don’t we work together to fight for Dragon Palace?” Fang Yuan had a thought as he initiated.


 “Good idea!” Bing Sai Chuan was in full agreement, any person with a brain could tell that Dragon Palace had immense value.



***
Chapter 1693 - Zi Wei Borrows Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan’s strength had been growing rapidly, it was rising at a shocking speed.


 Especially in recent times, he advanced to rank eight and possessed countless Immortal Gu, it was truly a rare situation.


 However, he was still not strong enough to contend for Dragon Palace.


 Among the rank eight Gu Immortals fighting after Dragon Palace, there was Duke Long with pseudo-Immortal Venerable battle strength and multiple Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals, it could be said that Eastern Sea’s strongest immortals were here.


 Fang Yuan had too little time since his rise, against the peak experts of a region, against Duke Long, trying to snatch an Immortal Gu House that had the power to retaliate was just too difficult for him.


 But Fang Yuan knew that he could not watch on the sidelines.


 If Heavenly Court obtains Dragon Palace, they would grow even stronger. Especially that mysterious dream path Immortal Gu, it was not simple! It might have been created naturally by this world itself, it was the seed that the heavens had planted into Eastern Sea to start the era of dream path.


 At this time, drawing in Longevity Heaven’s strength would make the situation even more chaotic.


 The more chaotic it was, the more Fang Yuan would be able to take advantage of the situation.


 He was rank eight now, but against Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals, he did not dare to be careless. The foundation of rank eight Gu Immortals was immense, they would easily hit him with their killer moves if he was not careful.


 As for Duke Long, Fang Yuan knew clearly that he was not his match. After all, Fang Yuan had personally witnessed how Duke Long had fought Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 “Duke Long is protecting Feng Jin Huang, he is not going all-out. I have not seen him use any qi path methods yet. Even so, with just his transformation path methods, he is already the strongest person here, he is resisting almost everyone alone.”


 “Bai Ning Bing and the rest are still cultivating on the Red Lotus island, even if they have the help of future self, they would only have peak rank seven battle strength.”


 “It is a pity my incomplete Immortal Gu House was destroyed, if I had it, after this period of development, it would have rank eight battle strength, it would be very useful to me.”


 “If I can steal adaptation Immortal Gu from Beast Calamity Grotto-heaven, I would be able to unleash myriad beings assimilation transformation, I will temporarily gain great battle strength. It is a pity that we do not have time, heaven form is still investigating.”


 Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 But reality was like this, not everything could go smoothly and appropriately.


 Dragon Palace would not tire, Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals had not fully shown up, while Duke Long was waiting for Heavenly Court reinforcements, there was still some time before they truly fought for the Immortal Gu House’s ownership.


 Fang Yuan was also concerned about Longevity Heaven’s attitude change. But even if they had ill intentions, luring them into the battle was much more useful for Fang Yuan than the potential threat.


 With this move, he could try to obtain Dragon Palace, damage Heavenly Court, and probe Longevity Heaven, it could achieve many goals.


 But a few days later, Bing Sai Chuan did not arrive, instead, he obtained some crucial information — Heavenly Court had found a stone lotus island in the River of Time, they had full control of it now!


 Bing Sai Chuan suggested: “You have Spring Autumn Cicada, you are the rightful inheritor of Red Lotus’ true inheritance. If Heavenly Court takes away your fortuitous encounter, you will suffer while they grow stronger. Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to damage fate Gu, very likely, his true inheritance also contains the way for us to destroy fate Gu for good!”


 Bing Sai Chuan’s words had no issue, he did not know that Fang Yuan had already obtained one of the Red Lotus true inheritances.


 Fang Yuan did not have any method to destroy fate Gu, but what if the other Red Lotus true inheritance had it?


 It was possible.


 Of course, there was a possibility that Bing Sai Chuan gave false information to trap Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had two choices, he could stay and observe Dragon Palace, or go to the River of Time and contest for Red Lotus’ true inheritance with Heavenly Court.


 The former was filled with chaos and danger, so was the latter, the risks were great.


 Fang Yuan sensed acutely that this choice was crucial. He started to think, what was the best course of action in this situation?


 Southern Border.


 Virtue Paradise.


 Two rank eight Gu Immortals walked side by side and ascended the mountain, their auras were completely concealed, resembling mortals.


 The one on the left wore a grey hemp garment, it was very simple and plain, but his muscular body could not be concealed. He wore a conical hat that was large and wide, it covered his face under the shadow, concealing his appearance.


 It was the famous current generation Paradise Earth inheritor in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world — Lu Wei Yin.


 The one on the right was a woman, she had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist, and was adorned in a beautiful purple robe that was mysterious and elegant. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face.


 It was Heavenly Court’s leader, the person who had Star Constellation Chessboard, the number one wisdom path great expert in the current world — Fairy Zi Wei!


 Fairy Zi Wei had actually quietly appeared in Southern Border and met with Lu Wei Yin, what was the reason behind it?


 Along the way, Lu Wei Yin and Fairy Zi Wei spoke, even though there were few words, the atmosphere was amicable.


 As they walked, a small red pavilion emerged from the dense greenery, Lu Wei Yin pointed at it as he said: “Lady Zi Wei, it has been a long journey, let’s go rest a bit in that pavilion.”


 “Good idea.” Fairy Zi Wei smiled as she walked.


 The two walked into the red pavilion, there were stone benches inside, instead of sitting down, Fairy Zi Wei walked towards the edge and looked at the wide view of mountains and rivers.


 This pavilion was built at the edge of a cliff, it had an extremely good view.


 Fairy Zi Wei looked outside, Virtue Paradise was filled with tall mountains and clean rivers, there were treehouses and villages around the mountains, lots of commotion could be heard from chickens and dogs, there were columns of smoke rising from houses, it was a serene and tranquil atmosphere.


 In the sky, there were many floating mountains. These mountains were made from float soil and could stay in the sky, there were many specialties in each mountain, their environments varied. Some had long green vines that extended like hair. Some had drizzles and beautiful rainbows. Some had waterfalls with huge crashing torrents that gathered in huge pools.


 Cranes flew, apes shrieked, there was lots of life and immortal materials everywhere, desolate beasts and plants were abundant in numbers.


 The thing that Fairy Zi Wei noticed was that the mushroommen and humans lived harmoniously in the villages, kids played together, husbands and wives cared for each other, children were also filial towards their parents.


 “It is truly a paradise! Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wanted to create such a world, but humanity is the ruler of the world, how could variant humans possibly be equal with us? But even so, I admire Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Because he had contributed his whole life towards this dream, he had never sought benefits for himself.” Fairy Zi Wei said slowly.


 Heavenly Court belonged to humans, its ideology was to rule over the variant humans, but Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wanted equality for all, in his opinion, be it variant humans or pure humans, all life in this world should be equal.


 Because of their ideological differences, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not enter Heavenly Court, he created his paradises in the five regions and tried to establish the utopia of his ideals.


 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “Even though our ideologies are different, our attitude towards the demonic path that harms the world is the same. Lady Zi Wei is here to borrow Gu, if you are borrowing other Gu, forget it. But this benevolence Gu can benefit the world, why would I stop you? However, if outsiders want to borrow Gu, according to the Immortal Venerable’s rules, you need to walk and ascend to the top of the mountain to gain the qualification to borrow Gu. This journey is difficult, the higher your cultivation level, the worse it is. Please do understand, Fairy Zi Wei.”


 “This mountain is truly not easy to ascend, but I understand Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s intention. Getting up this mountain will benefit me quite a bit too.” Fairy Zi Wei said softly as she smiled, light flickered in her eyes: “Alright, let’s continue.”


 River of Time.


 Heavenly Court’s four Immortal Gu Houses stood in different positions as they surrounded an immortal formation.


 The atmosphere was heated among the Gu Immortals.


 “Lord Feng Jiu Ge, we have already encircled this stone lotus island, we can explore it already.” Shang Xunzi said.


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded, he originally wanted to use the River of Time to solidify and strengthen his inspiration regarding the song of destiny. To think that after entering the River of Time for this short period, the stone lotus island showed up and became besieged by Heavenly Court.


 “The stone lotus islands were created by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, I should go ahead and see the methods of this world-shocking Demon Venerable.” Feng Jiu Ge was about to move and enter the immortal formation.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the Immortal Gu House that he was in shook intensely.


 “Enemy!”


 “Who is so daring as to attack us Heavenly Court?!”


 The immortals were furious and shocked.


 Who else but Fang Yuan could it be?


 Heavenly Court’s group was slightly dazed, someone started to shout: “Demon, you managed to escape last time, but you actually dared to return! Then accept your death.”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he had thought about it for a moment before deciding to come to the River of Time, and trying to get Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 After all, Dragon Palace’s scene was chaotic, all the forces had not gone all-out yet, there was too much uncertainty.


 COMMENT


 But at the stone lotus island, if he did not come, Heavenly Court would definitely get it. Fang Yuan had Spring Autumn Cicada, his advantage was huge when it came to the stone lotus islands.


 “Fang Yuan, we meet again.” Feng Jiu Ge’s voice reverberated within the Immortal Gu House, there were deep emotions in his voice.


 Fang Yuan’s expression focused, it seemed like in this battle, he was going to fight Feng Jiu Ge once again!



***
Chapter 1694 - Contesting For Red Lotus’ True Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fang Yuan, we meet again.” Feng Jiu Ge’s voice reverberated from within the Immortal Gu House, there were deep emotions in his tone.


 “It has been a long time indeed.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Years had passed, Fang Yuan met with Feng Jiu Ge again, it was like a meeting of old friends, their words had no animosity in them.


 2But they were not friends after all, after that brief talk, they went silent.


 1At this moment, there was only the sound of waves in the River of Time, surging forward with continuous motion.


 Feng Jiu Ge still remembered the first time he met Fang Yuan, back then, he was still not an immortal, he had obtained Hu Immortal blessed land with the status of a mortal. But now, he was renowned in the world, he had rank eight cultivation level and his speed of growth was rare even in history, it was truly shocking to the world.


 Feng Jiu Ge was also rank eight with brilliant battle results, his strength was no longer the same as before, he had rank eight fate armor Immortal Gu, and because of his Dao Guardian status, he was heavily supported by Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan had once saved Feng Jiu Ge’s life, he had returned the favor as well. Because of their different identities, Feng Jiu Ge had failed in many attempts to pursue Fang Yuan. They had fought many times and gained a deep understanding of each other. Both were wary of each other, but they appreciated the other person’s capabilities and talent immensely.


 1“Fang Yuan, you lost to us once, you managed to escape last time in the River of Time, to think that you would dare to come back and court death!” A voice broke the temporary silence.


 The person who spoke had starry blue armor, he had a rough appearance and his body was strong, he emitted a powerful rank eight aura and was standing on Shark Flow Lever.


 Fang Yuan took a look and discerned that this was a person who had participated in the battle last time.


 Even though last time, he did not know who this was, he had obtained information already. This person had woken up from Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, he was an experienced rank eight star path expert, Xing Ye Wang.


 Fang Yuan inspected Heavenly Court’s group again.


 The three remaining Xunzi occupied Present and Past Pavilion, they looked at Fang Yuan with deep hatred, their eyes were spewing fire. Last time, Fang Yuan used time cutting edge and killed Xun Guo Zi, causing their revival methods to fail, only three were left now.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye had the same status as Xing Ye Wang, he controlled Eternal Yacht with a grim expression.


 Xing Ye Wang stood on Shark Flow Lever, looking at Fang Yuan with deep battle intent.


 Meanwhile, Feng Jiu Ge stayed in Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, he had now shown up yet.


 “Four time path Immortal Gu Houses, three rank eight Gu Immortals, as well as many rank seven Gu Immortals including three of the Xunzi, and this super immortal formation...” Fang Yuan evaluated their strength.


 On the whole, it was not bad.


 Because Heavenly Court had not sent too many people here. But thinking about it, Central Continent’s earth veins were moving, other than maintaining control, Heavenly Court placed all its attention on repairing rank nine fate Gu, a lot of manpower and resources were expended for it.


 From Heavenly Court’s perspective, Fang Yuan was not their main enemy, in their overall plan, Fang Yuan was not a part of it.


 Thus, Fairy Zi Wei had once offered to recruit Fang Yuan back in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Heavenly Court’s goal was the entire world, the great era of dream path, and to become the ruler of the world.


 This was the grandness of Heavenly Court!


 Thus, Heavenly Court’s focus had always been to fully restore fate Gu!


 Moreover, last time Fang Yuan escaped barely with his life. Afterwards, Fairy Zi Wei used Heavenly Court’s foundation to buy all sorts of time path materials and disrupted Fang Yuan’s growth.


 He had hidden his tracks and even when the earth veins moved and countless Immortal Gu and immortal materials appeared, he did not show up.


 Due to all these reasons, Heavenly Court had not increased their numbers in the River of Time.


 “Of course, they might have some groups lying in ambush?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, regardless of what they did, as long as they fought, Heavenly Court would summon them anyway.


 Roar!


 With a huge sound, Fang Yuan used familiar face to turn into the immemorial year monkey again.


 The monkey body was huge like a mountain, it pounced towards Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, that was where Feng Jiu Ge was.


 “Such a courageous demon, let me fight you!” Xing Ye Wang moved Shark Flow Lever as he intercepted with great speed.


 Fang Yuan moved rapidly above the water, he pointed his finger as immortal killer move spring scissors flew out.


 The scissors were green in color and moved agilely, even though it was huge like an elephant, it shrunk when it got in front of Shark Flow Lever.


 Xing Ye Wang was a little shocked, he knew about spring scissors, but to think there was such a transformation?


 The mini spring scissors flew down and became large again when it got to the shark lever of Shark Flow Lever.


 Crack.


 With a snip, the scissors cut and a huge shark head fell off.


 Crack.


 With another snip, another shark lost its head.


 Xing Ye Wang was very shocked, he quickly moved Shark Flow Lever aside, he could not dare continue trying to obstruct Fang Yuan, he needed to know how to handle spring scissors.


 After stopping Xing Ye Wang, Fang Yuan moved quick as the wind, arriving in front of Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 Within the Immortal Gu House, Feng Jiu Ge had a plain expression as he controlled it calmly.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform burst out with a dazzling light, stopping Fang Yuan’s advancement as if he had crashed into a metal wall.


 Fang Yuan who was in the immemorial year monkey form laughed as he punched with his huge fists.


 The huge fists landed on Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and caused it to shake, rubbles flew everywhere as it got pushed back.


 “Fang Yuan got stronger again!”


 1“That’s right, he has at least modified spring scissors and winter coat. The former can change sizes and become hard to guard against, while the latter has fused with his immemorial year monkey transformation, his monkey fur is like frost and his skin is like ice, his defenses are extremely thick.”


 The three Xunzi guarded Present and Past Pavilion, they talked to each other with lingering shock.


 Ever since Fang Yuan escaped pitifully last time while exposing all his trump cards, Heavenly Court had deduced all sorts of killer moves that he had. But to think that in this battle, all of their deductions were outdated, Fang Yuan’s modifications were far beyond Heavenly Court’s expectations, they were greatly caught off-guard.


 Not just that, Fang Yuan had also made many deductions on the four Immortal Gu Houses. Looking at how he dealt with Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, it was evident.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was not low, he also had the help of wisdom Gu which Heavenly Court did not manage to deduce.


 Fang Yuan, who had the light of wisdom and sufficient intel, made great gains when he deduced matters regarding the four time path Immortal Gu Houses!


 In the previous battle, Fang Yuan exposed his trump cards, but at the same time, Heavenly Court also expended their trump cards, Fang Yuan could learn a lot of details about them.


 It was not easy for Gu Immortals to create immortal killer moves, modifications were even harder. Then what about Immortal Gu Houses?


 Immortal Gu Houses were the collective body of multiple immortal killer moves.


 Thus, modifying Immortal Gu Houses was even tougher.


 Fang Yuan could modify immortal killer moves because he had wisdom Gu. Heavenly Court wanted to modify Immortal Gu Houses but they did not have wisdom Gu, the difficulty was even higher, thus, these four Immortal Gu Houses did not have many changes, they were also similar to before.


 Fang Yuan lost last time but he gained lots of information, he could deal with these Immortal Gu Houses now. This was also why he gave up on Dragon Palace for now and chose to target the River of Time.


 “The northern corner is destroyed, the Gu worms cannot be retrieved.”


 “Three layers of autumn light shields have been broken, only one is left!”


 “Immortal Gu Autumn Light has cracks on it...”


 The Gu Immortals inside Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform reported, they had nervous expressions.


 Feng Jiu Ge was the person in charge, he still had a calm expression.


 He did not attempt to fight personally, because he knew that only relying on his sound path cultivation, he could not make useful efforts in this River of Time. Only the time path Immortal Gu House could resist Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jiu Ge thought to himself: “Fang Yuan can suppress two Immortal Gu Houses, but Heavenly Court still has another two. This battle has just begun!”


 Fang Yuan’s barrage of attacks made him pant loudly, even though Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform was shattered on the outside, its foundation was unaffected, it only lost a large number of mortal Gu. Those rank seven Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu House were trying to repair it rapidly.


 After the initial burst, his attacks got softer, the Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform got past the initial stage as Fang Yuan’s ferocious attacks started to weaken. Xing Ye Wang had already repaired Shark Flow Lever after facing spring scissors killer move, it charged over again.


 At the same time, Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht came from the left and right, forming a complete web.


 “Fang Yuan, I want to see how you will deal with four Immortal Gu Houses together!” Xing Ye Wang shouted loudly.


 Fang Yuan looked at his encirclement as his eyes shined with bright light, he smiled and shouted loudly: “Bing Sai Chuan, are you still not going to act?”


 Before he finished his words, Bing Sai Chuan appeared, standing behind Present and Past Pavilion.


 “Who?!” The three Xunzi were very shocked, because Present and Past Pavilion was most specialized in investigation, they were able to detect Fang Yuan but not Bing Sai Chuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan roared as he pushed with both palms, immediately, cold winds blew and frost energy surged, covering the whole of Present and Past Pavilion.


 At the next moment, the entire Present and Past Pavilion became sealed in a transparent profound ice, the three Xunzi were unmoving inside, a frightened expression frozen on their faces.


 On Eternal Yacht, rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye who had a calm expression showed a change of attitude: “This immortal killer move is... immediate time freeze! You are the time path great expert of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s era, Bing Sai Chuan!”


 Bing Sai Chuan cultivated time path and was most skilled at freezing time, his time path killer moves were able to imitate the effects of ice path. He was a rank eight legend, his battle strength was at its peak, on the same level as Li Huang.


 1But right now, Li Huang was deployed elsewhere, in exchange for Feng Jiu Ge who had just reached rank eight. Regardless, this was the River of Time, even if Li Huang was here, without using the time path Immortal Gu House to fight against Bing Sai Chuan, he would not be his match.


 Bing Sai Chuan waited for a long time before striking with great impact! He targeted the weakest enemy, directly sealing a time path Immortal Gu House and preventing it from joining the fight again.


 “Amazing!” Fang Yuan could not help but praise.


 Bing Sai Chuan looked at Qing Ye: “I am Longevity Heaven’s Bing Sai Chuan, to think that someone of this generation recognized me.”


 As he said that, he smiled warmly but did not act mildly, he attacked the rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye who was on Eternal Yacht.


 Fang Yuan had the help of Bing Sai Chuan, they managed to suppress the remaining three Immortal Gu Houses that Heavenly Court possessed!


 At the next moment, a fifth time path Immortal Gu House appeared.


 This was a gatehouse with a simple but elegant structure, its supporting pillars were bright red in color, it was quite auspicious. There were two dazzling words written on its entrance plaque — Year End.


 Rank seven time path Immortal Gu House — Year End Gatehouse!



***
Chapter 1695 - Contesting For Dragon Palace


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Year End Gatehouse suddenly appeared in the River of Time, the side that got shocked was Heavenly Court instead of Fang Yuan’s group.


 This was because Heavenly Court only had four time path Immortal Gu Houses stationed here, this fifth time path Immortal Gu House Year End Gatehouse came from Northern Plains, it was owned by the Huang Jin tribes.


 “Since when did an Immortal Gu House enter?”


 “Oh no, what is it trying to do to the river suppression lotus sealing formation?”


 “Quick, stop it!!”


 Heavenly Court’s side shouted, even rank eight Gu Immortals showed shock on their faces.


 Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly, frost energy oozed out of his body, he slammed with both palms as Eternal Yacht was sent to the bottom of the river.


 Fang Yuan shouted loudly, he mustered his strength and attacked Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, raining down punches like a flurry of meteors, forcing the latter to retreat continuously.


 Present and Past Pavilion was sealed, it had sunk into the river, vanishing entirely.


 Xing Ye Wang who was on Shark Flow Lever had an ashen expression, he tried to stop Year End Gatehouse but it was too late.


 As the immortals watched, Year End Gatehouse got close to the river suppression lotus sealing formation as the gatehouse started to shine in a pure white light.


 Next, a voice could be heard from within: “Take a good look, this is my five elements profound light!”


 Ringgggggggg!


 There was a loud sound as a mystical five colored light shot out of the gatehouse, landing on the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 The five colored lights resembled five river currents that merged and weaved together, melting the layers of the river suppression lotus sealing formation, causing a huge hole in an instant!


 “Quick, repair the formation!”


 “What method is this, the river suppression lotus sealing formation was completely powerless against it?!”


 The rank seven Gu Immortals controlling the super immortal formation were furious and shocked.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s pupils shrunk, he recognized it: “That must be Northern Plains’ rank eight lone immortal Five Elements Grandmaster! This person cultivates formation path and mimics the five paths of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, he is a formation path great grandmaster. He was actually recruited by Longevity Heaven!”


 After using this move, Five Elements Grandmaster panted heavily, his aura diminished until it became extremely weak.


 His five elements profound light was most skilled in breaking immortal formations, he had prepared this move for a long time, once it was unleashed, half of the river suppression lotus sealing formation was destroyed, it was on the brink of destruction.


 Of course, this was because Fang Yuan had given Longevity Heaven crucial information.


 Fang Yuan had a deeper understanding of this river suppression lotus sealing formation, after all, he was locked in and had broken out of it personally.


 With this intel, Five Elements Grandmaster was able to modify his five elements profound light to counter this river suppression lotus sealing formation!


 Once the formation was broken, the stone lotus island inside became exposed before everyone’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he jumped up.


 Boom!


 He kicked hard and stomped Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform into the river, creating a huge wave.


 Next, he shot out like a cannonball, flying into the formation, towards the stone lotus island.


 The Gu Immortals in the river suppression lotus sealing formation were flustered, they worked up a sweat trying to stabilize the formation and prevent it from collapsing. If this super immortal formation broke, its controllers would face huge backlash. These Gu Immortals were also trying to save their own lives.


 The formation’s controllers were too busy with their own matters, they could only watch as Fang Yuan went in.


 “Red Lotus’ true inheritance!” Fang Yuan looked at the stone lotus island as his eyes flashed with a bright light. The Spring Autumn Cicada inside time path clone’s aperture was shaking, right now, Spring Autumn Cicada was rank seven and had Fang Yuan’s personal immortal killer move to discern if the stone lotus island was real.


 It was the real deal!


 In the previous Red Lotus true inheritance, Fang Yuan made great gains, he was lifted out of his difficult situation. If he could obtain this Red Lotus true inheritance as well, how much would he grow?


 “Fang Yuan, don’t think of leaving!” At this moment, Xing Ye Wang shouted as he moved Shark Flow Lever and attacked Fang Yuan’s back.


 “Scram!” At the crucial moment, Bing Sai Chuan appeared, blocking Shark Flow Lever.


 “Fang Yuan, quickly go get Red Lotus true inheritance!” Bing Sai Chuan fought as he said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked at Bing Sai Chuan deeply, it seemed that Longevity Heaven was very sincere about cooperating! He got closer to the stone lotus island without stopping.


 “Don’t think about it!” Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye who was inside Eternal Yacht went around Bing Sai Chuan and Xing Ye Wang, going towards Fang Yuan.


 “Want to chase him? Hehe, get past me first.” Year End Gatehouse suddenly appeared abruptly, blocking Qing Ye’s path.


 Qing Ye frowned but laughed coldly: “My Eternal Yacht is the fastest, it can ride the waves of the River of Time, how can you Year End Gatehouse stop me? Hmm?!”


 Suddenly, Qing Ye’s expression changed as she saw that an immortal formation had appeared around Eternal Yacht.


 “Setting up a time path formation in such a short time?” Qing Ye shook, he finally understood the formation path attainment that Five Elements Grandmaster had.


 “This Red Lotus true inheritance is mine!” After obtaining Longevity Heaven’s reinforcement, Fang Yuan obtained enough time to successfully get close to the stone lotus island, he was about to step onto it.


 But at this moment, a change occurred, the stone lotus island erupted with a formless force and pushed Fang Yuan far away.


 “What happened?” Suspicion rose in Fang Yuan’s mind: “I have Spring Autumn Cicada with me, unless... once this stone lotus island lets me in, the defenses will vanish? Or will a loophole appear that would allow others to take advantage of it?”


 Boom boom boom!


 At this point, attacks that approached like a wild storm rained down on Fang Yuan’s immemorial year monkey body and surrounded him.


 The river suppression lotus sealing formation was finally stabilized, even though it was damaged, the hole was shrinking, the rank seven Gu Immortals controlling it were now able to find time to fight Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was obstructed by the formation, he could not get close to the stone lotus island as easily now.


 “This formation is likely created by Heavenly Court to target stone lotus island. The stone lotus island rejected me earlier because of this formation?”


 Fang Yuan was thinking about this when Feng Jiu Ge who was inside Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform arrived before him.


 1The two sides started to fight again, they clashed and exchanged moves, the situation was in a deadlock.


 At the same time.


 Eastern Sea.


 “Li Huang pays respects to Lord Duke Long!” In the sky, flames scattered as a muscular old man appeared, it was Heavenly Court’s reinforcement, rank eight Gu Immortal Li Huang.


 Duke Long nodded as he patted Feng Jin Huang who was beside him.


 Feng Jin Huang was surrounded by a circular qi wall, she floated lightly towards Li Huang.


 “Protect Huang Er, if anything happens to her, I will hold you accountable.” Duke Long said plainly.


 Li Huang had a grim expression as he said confidently: “Don’t worry Lord Duke Long, with my verdant sun flame cloak, who in the world can harm Feng Jin Huang?”


 Duke Long stopped looking at him, he looked towards the sky, in order to protect Feng Jin Huang, he had wasted some time, Dragon Palace had flown away already.


 Duke Long smiled, feeling no nervousness.


 He clenched his fists, it was time to take action.


 At the next moment, he vanished on the spot.


 Dragon Palace was obstructed by Qing Yue An again, while the other rank eight Gu Immortals fought each other.


 “The chance will slip by easily, I need to grab my opportunity!” Qing Yue An’s eyes burst out with brilliance, after so many days of fighting, he had finally obtained his fourth chance.


 But right when Qing Yue An was about to reach Dragon Palace, an immense force approached, the aura of death almost suffocated him.


 He quickly turned around, enduring the fatal attack, he managed to block it but flew away like a sandbag, spitting out huge amounts of blood.


 “Duke Long, you!” Qing Yue An had a hoarse voice filled with anger.


 Duke Long floated in the sky expressionlessly, his horns were flickering with purple-gold light, his long hair fluttered in the wind, his body was tough as a monolith, his dragon pupils shined with cold light.


 Qing Yue An struggled to stabilize his body, he wanted to counter attack but his expression suddenly changed.


 A dragon-shaped qi shot out of his chest, exploding.


 Boom!


 The explosion was not loud, but Qing Yue An’s defenses were like useless scraps of paper.


 Qing Yue An looked at Duke Long with disbelief and fright as he retreated!


 He was bleeding intensely, his ribs were broken, his chest was almost fully blown off, his heart and lungs could be seen.


 “Take this Duke Long!”


 “This Immortal Gu House is mine!”


 Song Qi Yuan and Zhang Yin flew over, the two temporarily stopped fighting each other as they faced against Duke Long together.


 Duke Long smiled nonchalantly.


 Roar—!


 The dragon roar erupted as Song Qi Yuan and Zhang Yin flew away with a confused and flabbergasted expression.


 They suffered serious injuries, they did not even see what move hit them before they were defeated.


 “Be careful, without that burden, Duke Long is using his full power!”


 “Is this his true strength?”


 “Everyone, work together, we must not let him succeed!”


 Duke Long’s powerful disposition made the remaining rank eight Gu Immortals feel deeply threatened, they started to target him collectively.


 Duke Long breathed in deeply, he actually shut his eyes.


 He did not move, only when the surrounding killer moves reached before him did he open his eyes abruptly.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!


 “Hmm?!” At once, the rank eight Gu Immortals shook intensely as they felt an unparalleled pressure slamming down at them from all around.


 Not just them, the killer moves that they activated, even the sky and sea of all the surroundings were facing this immense pressure.


 Many killer moves collapsed, the rank eight Gu Immortals as well as Dragon Palace fell into the water like dumplings falling into a pot.


 The world became still, nothing was left standing.


 Except Duke Long, he was standing proudly in the sky, looking down at the immortals in distress with his cold dragon pupils.


 At this point of the Dragon Palace contest, he had finally displayed his true strength.


 Having pseudo-Immortal Venerable battle strength, it suppressed his enemies and obtained the upper hand!


 “Kill!”


 “Duke Long, I want to kill you!”


 “I do not believe that you can defeat all of us!!”


 A few breaths of time later, huge waves surged in the sea, the rank eight Gu Immortals who were humiliated by Duke Long attacked him together with great intensity.


 Duke Long snorted coldly, his dragon tail appeared and his body became covered in scales, the horns on his head became as sharp as blades.


 He opened his mouth and roared, it was immortal killer move dragon roaring wave.


 Next, his body flickered from place to place, he appeared near his enemies as he punched their faces with his fists, tore defenses with his claws, and created a bloody storm around the area.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals were not his match, they were all furious and shocked, they used their immortal killer moves but were constantly obstructed, even if they succeeded, they could not injure Duke Long.


 After such a long time, other than protecting Feng Jin Huang, Duke Long had also collected lots of information, he had grasped the weakness of some of these Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals’ methods.


 “Old fiend, you are too much!”


 “Face my fatal killer move!”


 “Restrain him, I have even stronger methods!”


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights were furious, they were about to use even stronger methods.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!


 Puff puff puff.


 At the next moment, Eastern Sea’s rank eights fell like dumplings again, into the depths of the ocean.


 Duke Long controlled the tempo of the battle completely, his battle experience was even deeper than the depths of this ocean itself!



***
Chapter 1696 - Feng Destroys Red Lotus


***





 



 2


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Come!” Duke Long suddenly appeared above Dragon Palace.


 An immense suction force sent the rank eight Immortal Gu House slowly towards Duke Long’s phantom aperture even though it resisted him desperately.


 The other rank eight Gu Immortals saw this and went over, using their killer moves on Duke Long.


 Duke Long sighed as he vanished on the spot.


 Without restraint, Dragon Palace flew out of the sea, into the sky once again.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights were about to chase it when Duke Long appeared in the sky again, obstructing their paths.


 Dragon roars resounded again, Duke Long moved like lightning, flickering around the rank eight Gu Immortals effortlessly, the intense battle created loud explosions resembling an unceasing thunderstorm, countless innocent lifeforms were implicated, huge tsunamis were created on the sea surface.


 Without Feng Jin Huang burdening him, Duke Long displayed terrifying battle strength, nobody present could match him equally.


 However, these Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals all had deep foundations, they had their own trump cards.


 Even though they were losing to Duke Long, their lives were not endangered. They were wary of each other originally, but against Duke Long, they could cooperate seamlessly.


 At once, Eastern Sea’s righteous path, demonic path, and even lone cultivators worked together to fight Duke Long.


 Duke Long felt increasing pressure.


 His outburst earlier suppressed everyone, it was because he had concealed himself earlier and managed to catch all of the Eastern Sea rank eights off-guard with that one attack.


 But as the battle continued, Duke Long’s methods were slowly discerned by the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, they started to find counters or appropriate methods to deal with them.


 In this world, there were no invincible Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves, there were only invincible Gu Immortals.


 Any immortal killer move, no matter how complex, had a structure, it would have advantages and weaknesses.


 Duke Long was very powerful indeed, none of the Eastern Sea rank eights were his match. But this situation was special, everyone was trying to get the Immortal Gu House, nobody wanted to fight him to the death. As the Immortal Gu House flew continuously all over the battlefield, Duke Long could not set up a battlefield to trap it.


 Dragon claws moved like a tornado, many Eastern Sea rank eights were forced back, Duke Long crashed into Dragon Palace as he grabbed it with his hand.


 At once, a pair of huge phantom dragon claws appeared and tightly grasped Dragon Palace.


 Dragon Palace shook intensely, it shattered the phantom dragon claws as it escaped.


 Duke Long sighed, this situation had already happened many times. It was not easy to take Dragon Palace, he had to fight off the competitors first before trying to subdue it. But Dragon Palace was a rank eight Immortal Gu House after all, it had great power and could not be taken easily.


 Duke Long’s many attempts ended in failure.


 “Duke Long is too strong, what do we do?”


 “When he fights seriously, we will have no chance to get close to Dragon Palace, not to mention obtain it!”


 “Duke Long is the only one attempting now, thankfully this Immortal Gu House is strong enough!”


 “We cannot let this go on. Dragon Palace’s resistance is getting weaker, Duke Long will subdue it eventually.”


 Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals all had injuries, they communicated with each other as they wanted others to use their trump cards against Duke Long.


 Getting to rank eight, who would not have their own secret trump cards?


 These immortal killer moves were definitely very powerful or mysterious and profound, but nobody wanted to expose them. Nobody could say for sure if their killer moves would fail in such a complex battle environment.


 The stronger the killer move, the greater the backlash.


 Even Duke Long was not using his triple qi retraction killer move.


 Not that he did not want to use it, but the risks were too great, he could likely cripple himself.


 When he fought against Purple Mountain True Monarch earlier, he had probed multiple times, only until he was sure that the enemy did not have other methods did he unleash triple qi retraction in the end.


 Right now in this situation, if Duke Long used triple qi retraction and the enemy coincidentally countered it, what would happen?


 These Eastern Sea rank eights were numerous and they all had deep foundations, who knew what methods they truly possessed!


 Notched arrows were the most threatening. Gu Immortals who concealed their killer moves were also very threatening.


 River of Time.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Fang Yuan was still in his immemorial year monkey form, his killer move activated successfully as he grabbed towards the space in front of him.


 A huge fan with a long handle appeared out of nowhere, held in his hands.


 “Bing Sai Chuan, get aside!”


 Fang Yuan twisted his waist as he gathered strength in his arms, waving the fan ferociously.


 Gush!! Wild winds blew, sweeping ahead as the storm sent Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever into a tornado, restraining them as they flew outside of the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 But at the crucial moment, Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang flew out of their Immortal Gu Houses, charging at Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan.


 Even though they did not cultivate time path, the river suppression lotus sealing formation did not break apart, time path was restricted in the formation as other paths were amplified.


 Heavenly Court sent rank seven Gu Immortals which were elites, they worked together during this period and were able to mostly repair the river suppression lotus sealing formation, even though the hole was still present, it had become much smaller.


 “Five Elements Grandmaster, quickly use your profound light!” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s voice came from within Year End Gatehouse: “I cannot use it a second time in this short period, this formation has been modified by a lot, the previous profound light will be ineffective now.”


 Immortal killer move — Song Warrior!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s body shook as four song warriors emerged, encircling Fang Yuan.


 Xing Ye Wang’s body was covered in starlight specks as he stabbed towards Bing Sai Chuan like a hedgehog.


 Bing Sai Chuan and Fang Yuan looked at each other before flying up and abandoning their enemies, targeting the river suppression lotus sealing formation instead.


 This was the wisest plan.


 As long as the river suppression lotus sealing formation was destroyed, Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang would have to return to their Immortal Gu Houses.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang quickly tried to stop them, while Five Elements Grandmaster continued to control his immortal formation to trap the Eternal Yacht that Qing Ye was controlling.


 In the intense battle, river suppression lotus sealing formation shook more and more intensely, more cracks were appearing as it endured Fang Yuan’s and Bing Sai Chuan’s attacks.


 However, Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever, which Fang Yuan blew away earlier, had reentered the battlefield, Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven were starting to be suppressed.


 “Fang Yuan, you still refuse to trust me now?” The situation was dire, Bing Sai Chuan shouted in anxiety.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he snorted coldly as he approached Bing Sai Chuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan spread his arms as a ball shaped light shield appeared around him and Fang Yuan.


 This was his defensive immortal killer move, anything that hit the light shield, be it lifeforms or killer moves, would freeze in time.


 “Break it!” Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang shouted together.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever erupted with powerful attacks, targeting Bing Sai Chuan’s light shield.


 But any killer move that landed on it froze in time, at once, there was a myriad of colorful attacks surrounding the light shield, it was a dazzling sight.


 Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, his body shook as he sustained the shield.


 Even though he had rank eight peak battle strength, in this formation, time path was suppressed, at the same time, he was facing the attack of two rank eight Gu Immortals and two Immortal Gu Houses, it was not easy.


 Fang Yuan obtained this prime opportunity, he dispelled immemorial year monkey transformation and activated emperor yama.


 At this point in the battle, he finally obtained a chance to change his battle tactic.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang had rich battle experiences, they did not give Fang Yuan any opportunity to change his transformation, he was often interrupted.


 After becoming emperor yama, Fang Yuan started to use his killer moves.


 His aura surged rapidly from weak to strong, and from strong to a terrifying level.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang had solemn expressions, they were very alert.


 At this point, Fang Yuan finally had the time to unleash his trump card.


 Immortal killer move — Luo Po Seal!


 “Be careful!” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth as he dispelled his defensive killer move, moving forward.


 Without obstruction, the frozen attacks from earlier struck towards Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan stood in front and paved a way for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan held onto Luo Po seal as he waited in anticipation, he charged towards Xing Ye Wang while enduring the attacks.


 Xing Ye Wang quickly retreated while Feng Jiu Ge went around, trying to attack Fang Yuan from the rear.


 Fang Yuan suddenly laughed coldly, he flew up and shot Luo Po seal towards the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 The huge formation stopped working, several rank seven Gu Immortals inside died on the spot.


 Bing Sai Chuan suddenly felt the pressure lifting, swoosh swoosh, large amounts of water from the River of Time gushed into the formation.


 Immediately after, with cracking noises, river suppression lotus sealing formation disintegrated piece by piece.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was deeply shocked: “Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal actually attacked the core of the formation and destroyed the core Immortal Gu, how did he deduce it?”


 Boom!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s attack landed on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s attention was on destroying the formation, he could only endure Feng Jiu Ge’s ferocious attack.


 Even in emperor yama form, Fang Yuan spat out three mouthfuls of blood, large numbers of soul path Gu worms died and multiple Immortal Gu were injured.


 Without the formation’s help, the battle environment changed rapidly, Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan obtained the upper hand again.


 Both sides fought for a while, the river suppression lotus sealing formation had about one-third of its original size left, the remaining rank seven Gu Immortals were desperately holding on, but the formation was just a step away from destruction, they had no hope left.


 “Cover me!” Fang Yuan said to Bing Sai Chuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan used the ball shaped light shield, protecting Fang Yuan as he dispelled emperor yama, turning into the immemorial year monkey again.


 “Cover me!” Feng Jiu Ge shouted the same thing.


 Xing Ye Wang and the two Immortal Gu Houses surrounded Feng Jiu Ge immediately.


 Immortal killer move — Assimilation Wind Song!


 Feng Jiu Ge took a huge risk and successfully summoned the number one wind in the world!


 Bing Sai Chuan broke out in sweat as he shouted to Fang Yuan: “Oh no, my defensive killer move cannot block the winds of assimilation, let’s retreat!”


 But out of their expectations, the winds of assimilation did not target the defensive shield, it attacked the stone lotus island.


 Under Fang Yuan’s shocked gaze, the stone lotus island was devoured by the winds of assimilation, the fragments were assimilated into wind.


 The winds of assimilation became larger and larger, if anyone tried to get onto the island, they would have to face this world-destroying wind!


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you!” Bing Sai Chuan was furious and anxious.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was ashen.


 “If we cannot get it, neither will you.” Xing Ye Wang laughed wildly.



***
Chapter 1697 - Neither Victory Nor Defeat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The winds of assimilation ravaged in the River of Time.


 When Feng Jiu Ge used assimilation wind song, there were sounds of howling winds. But when the actual winds of assimilation started blowing, it became extremely quiet, there was no sound at all.


 The quiet winds of assimilation made every Gu Immortal present feel a chill down their spine.


 The stone lotus island was continuously eroded by the winds of assimilation until it completely vanished, the winds grew larger and larger, multiple times its initial size after devouring the stone lotus island, it was like a pillar that supported heaven and earth.


 However, it could not display its might in the River of Time, even though a lot of water was assimilated into wind, the entire River of Time did not budge, it had lost a completely negligible amount of water.


 Even though the winds of assimilation were powerful, against the River of Time, it was too small, like a tiny insect on a bull.


 All the Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses had to steer clear of the winds of assimilation, Feng Jiu Ge was no exception.


 “The stone lotus island was really destroyed!” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked, earlier when he wanted to get on the island, he was repelled by its protection force. To think that it was completely helpless against the winds of assimilation.


 “Don’t tell me this formation played a role in suppressing the stone lotus island earlier? Or was the island already at its limit, so it could not block the winds of assimilation?”


 Fang Yuan watched as the river suppression lotus sealing formation continued to break apart.


 Feng Jiu Ge also had a heavy feeling.


 Even though he destroyed the stone lotus island, in his opinion, he had failed.


 In order to find Red Lotus’ true inheritances, Heavenly Court had paid a huge price in manpower and resources, they managed to find a stone lotus island after so much work, and trapped it using the river suppression lotus sealing formation. But to think that Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven worked together to obstruct them.


 Feng Jiu Ge had no choice but to destroy the stone lotus island, all of their hard work had been wasted.


 But nobody could blame him for his actions.


 Because it was necessary!


 After the river suppression lotus sealing formation got hit by Luo Po seal, it was definitely going to break apart. Once the formation breaks, Feng Jiu Ge and Xing Ye Wang would be forced to return to the Immortal Gu House.


 This way, Heavenly Court’s side would lose their battle strength.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan would be like fish in water in this River of Time, without the formation restraining them, their battle strength would surge.


 The enemy was strong while they were weaker, Feng Jiu Ge had no confidence in continuing the struggle, Fang Yuan would obtain the stone lotus island eventually. Thus, when there was still a chance, he decided to cut his losses short by destroying the stone lotus island.


 “Such resolution.” A sharp light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he did not hide his praise.


 Bing Sai Chuan sighed deeply, showing a dejected look.


 He was hoping to find some way to destroy fate Gu from the Red Lotus true inheritance, but now, even though Fang Yuan had the key Spring Autumn Cicada, the stone lotus island was already destroyed.


 He was very disappointed, he did not know that Fang Yuan had already obtained one true inheritance in secret!


 Fang Yuan was obviously not going to tell Longevity Heaven about this, even Heavenly Court was in the dark.


 Rumble!


 With a chain of loud explosions, the heavily damaged river suppression lotus sealing formation broke, most of the Immortal Gu were destroyed, while the Gu Immortals controlling the formation died one by one.


 1River water moved in as huge waves were formed, the River of Time was restored to normal.


 “Let’s retreat!” Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth as he spoke.


 The battle was not in Heavenly Court’s favor.


 Even though they had three rank eight Gu Immortals, in this situation, even if Duke Long came, they would not win.


 Feng Jiu Ge and the rest were not time path Gu Immortals, they could only hide in the Immortal Gu Houses, relying on them to fight.


 And these time path Immortal Gu Houses were only rank seven, if they had one rank eight time path Immortal Gu House, Heavenly Court would have a chance of victory!


 Even though Heavenly Court had immense foundation, it was not without limits.


 Firstly, after Lord Huang Shi died, they no longer had any time path rank eight Gu Immortals. Even though they created four time path Immortal Gu Houses, they were only rank seven. Heavenly Court did not have the ability to create a rank eight time path Immortal Gu House in such a short period of time!


 Actually, Fairy Zi Wei’s arrangements were not wrong.


 Even though Fang Yuan obtained a Red Lotus true inheritance and modified most of his killer moves, while also raising the rank of his Immortal Gu, his increase in battle strength did not make this battle any easier, Fang Yuan alone could not obtain this Red Lotus true inheritance.


 Heavenly Court did not expect that Longevity Heaven would suddenly cooperate with Fang Yuan.


 After all, Fang Yuan destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there was deep enmity between Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven. This was not just simple hatred, Fang Yuan did not just destroy a rank eight Immortal Gu House, he destroyed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, the pride and glory of the Huang Jin tribes.


 “Longevity Heaven actually gave up on revenge and cooperated with Fang Yuan. Is this because of Bing Sai Chuan?” Feng Jiu Ge returned to Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and looked at Bing Sai Chuan, frowning.


 Heavenly Court’s three Immortal Gu Houses were retreating rapidly.


 Fang Yuan roared, he turned into the immemorial year monkey and chased after them.


 Bing Sai Chuan fought side by side with him.


 The two had powerful and ferocious attacks, they aimed at Heavenly Court’s three Immortal Gu Houses.


 Even though there were three rank eights on Heavenly Court’s side, they could only defend, resist attacks, and escape.


 Present and Past Pavilion finally broke out of Bing Sai Chuan’s killer move, it quickly flew out of the River of Time, appearing above the surface.


 The three Xunzi were very angry, they wanted to attack Fang Yuan, but they saw that the three Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses were escaping, the river suppression lotus sealing formation had broken up, the rank seven Gu Immortals controlling the formation had almost all died, the remaining few were struggling in the River of Time, they were not far from dying.


 “Quickly retreat!” Feng Jiu Ge transmitted.


 The three Xunzi gulped as they quickly joined the group and escaped.


 Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan, as well as Five Elements Grandmaster controlling Year End Gatehouse, chased after them.


 These four Immortal Gu Houses were very sturdy, they defended each other and were hard to catch.


 But Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan got stronger as they fought, in this River of Time, their battle strength was far above their usual standards.


 “The tributary of the River of Time is close by, we are about to escape!” Qing Ye shouted, raising the morale of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 “Want to leave? Not so easy!” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, shortening their distance.


 “All of you retreat, we will block them!” The three Xunzi were resolved to die, they stayed behind along with the tattered Present and Past Pavilion.


 As the three Xunzi stalled for time desperately, the other three Immortal Gu Houses managed to escape through the tributary of the River of Time.


 Present and Past Pavilion was completely destroyed, the three Xunzi died as well.


 Fang Yuan was filled with regret that he did not capture any rank eight Gu Immortal, this was a really good chance.


 Fang Yuan did not want to chase after them, in the outside world, Feng Jiu Ge and the rest could fight normally.


 He swept through the battlefield and collected the immortal apertures, annexing them.


 Bing Sai Chuan and Five Elements Grandmaster did not move, they watched by the side.


 There were quite a few rank seven Gu Immortals who died, they did not have qualification to join Heavenly Court so they still retained their rank seven immortal apertures.


 Fang Yuan annexed them and made great gains.


 “Let’s go to Eastern Sea.” After a while, Fang Yuan suggested.


 Longevity Heaven had displayed their fullest sincerity in the battle over Red Lotus true inheritance, they were reliable allies for now.


 Both sides had the same goal, to prevent Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu.


 If Heavenly Court obtained the complete fate Gu, they would regain their former glory, they would threaten the other four regions.


 After staying for a while in the River of Time, Fang Yuan and Bing Sai Chuan confirmed that the Red Lotus true inheritance was truly destroyed. Even though they did not obtain it, they had managed to stop Heavenly Court from getting it, this result was neither defeat nor victory.


 Soon, Fang Yuan and the rest left the River of Time, heading to Eastern Sea to stop Duke Long.


 But along the way, they heard that the commotion in Eastern Sea was over, the outcome had been determined.


 The eventual victor of this battle over Dragon Palace was Duke Long! Duke Long had incredible battle strength, he suppressed the Eastern Sea rank eights, afterwards, Heavenly Court’s new member, rank eight Gu Immortal Chen Yi went there with an Immortal Gu House. At the crucial moment, Eastern Sea’s lone immortal Yang Jun suddenly turned to help Duke Long, allowing him to successfully suppress the rank eight Immortal Gu House and keep it.


 But Duke Long suffered heavy injuries as a result.


 At the final moment, Eastern Sea’s rank eights stopped holding back, they used their trump cards.


 But it was already too late, after getting the Immortal Gu House, Duke Long left immediately without second thought.


 “To think that this rank eight lone immortal Yang Jun was recruited by Heavenly Court!” Five Elements Grandmaster shook his head continuously. He was once a lone immortal too, but he had become a member of Longevity Heaven now.


 “That might not be the case, Yang Jun might have been Heavenly Court’s spy in Eastern Sea from the start.” Fang Yuan thought of Prince Feng Xian in Northern Plains, he was a spy implanted into Northern Plains from the start, his identity had not been exposed.


 Fang Yuan looked at Bing Sai Chuan for a moment, deciding to continue keeping this as a secret.



***
Chapter 1698 - Slaughter Begins


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent regional wall.


 “Go, quickly go!”


 “Catch up, don’t break away from the group.”


 A group of Western Desert Gu Masters shouted as they ran.


 Behind them, the ground tore open, like a giant beast opening its mouth to devour people.


 “Ahh—!”


 “Save me!!”


 Amidst cries and screams, a small group of people at the back fell into the Earth Trench, most of them were smashed to bits, those that luckily survived would also die eventually.


 “Father, I can’t hold on anymore!” Zhang Ping was a young man who had just become a rank two Gu Master, he was showing a flustered expression now, his primeval essence had already dried up.


 “Oh no.” Zhang Quan was a rank three Gu Master, he was covered in sweat now. He was already trying his best, using his killer move to not only move himself but also his son Zhang Ping.


 If Zhang Ping ran out of primeval essence, Zhang Quan’s killer move would be ineffective on him. By then, Zhang Ping would become very slow, Zhang Quan would be helpless as he watched his son fall into the abyss.


 “What should I do?” Zhang Quan was helpless and anxious.


 He regretted his decision deeply, if he had known this, he would not have brought his son to join the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention!


 He had considered this because of his son’s refinement path talent, he wanted to train his ability and gain more knowledge. But to think that they encountered an earth vein tremor while crossing the regional wall.


 Right when Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping were despairing, the sight in front of them cleared up.


 Zhang Quan was dazed before reacting, they had passed Central Continent’s regional wall, they had arrived in Central Continent.


 Because of earth vein tremors, other than causing lots of Earth Trenches, Gu materials, and Gu worms to appear, the five region’s regional walls were also shrinking.


 Right now, Gu Masters needed less than half the time to cross two region’s regional walls compared to before.


 “But so what?” Zhang Quan sighed deeply.


 Zhang Ping was out of primeval essence and stamina, Zhang Quan had to carry him, but because of this, their speed was very slow, they were almost about to get devoured by the Earth Trench.


 At the crucial moment, a mystical light shot towards them as the remaining Gu Masters were all brought into the sky.


 The Earth Trench parted below their feet, soon, a huge and unfathomably deep abyss formed below them.


 Only until they landed on the periphery of the Earth Trench did the mystical light enveloping these Gu Masters disappear.


 “What is going on?”


 “Who saved us?”


 “Such an incredible method, I’m afraid it has to be a great Gu Immortal who saved all of us!”


 The Gu Masters were all extremely excited from surviving that, they started talking among themselves.


 Above the sky where they could not see, a Spirit Butterfly Valley Gu Immortal smiled kindly as he retreated his gaze from these Gu Masters.


 The Gu Immortal flew rapidly, patrolling the area.


 Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention had begun, many Gu Masters had been coming here for the last few days from the other four regions.


 The Gu Immortal was a member of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, he had received a compulsory mission from the sect to patrol this area and prevent the demonic path from causing trouble.


 Many Gu Immortals received the same mission as him. These were all members of the ten great ancient sects, some independent sects, or even slave Gu Immortals captured by the ten great ancient sects, as well as lone immortals close to the ten sects.


 This time, Heavenly Court held the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, security was extremely strict, it was unprecedented.


 Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping’s group was luckily saved by the Gu Immortal, retaining their lives.


 After getting into Central Continent, they rested for a while before going to the closest sign up spot.


 Central Continent Refinement Path Convention had many sign up spots, they were evenly distributed all over Central Continent.


 A few days later, Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping arrived at Scorpion Needle Sect with some Gu Masters that had similar objectives.


 This was an ordinary sect, its specialty was in raising Gu that resembled scorpions, they were most famous for scorpion needle Gu. This was an offensive Gu worm, once used, it could shoot out scorpion needles. The needles were sharp and fast, they were poisonous and hard to deal with.


 Scorpion Needle Sect had already made the arrangements.


 Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping walked into the registration hall, it was packed with people.


 A large portion were Central Continent locals, the remaining were like them who had come from the western region.


 Scorpion Needle Sect was situated near Western Desert, many Western Desert Gu Masters came here to sign up.


 The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention always attracted countless Gu Masters to participate, this time was no exception.


 Following the procedures, Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping were brought into a hall for assessment.


 The test only had four questions, it was not easy but not hard either. The test was regarding basic skills, any Gu Master with enough experience can pass, those who were trying their luck would be eliminated, to save on resources and manpower.


 Zhang Quan and Zhang Ping passed the test without any unexpected surprises, they successfully signed up.


 After getting out of the hall, they held a token each.


 The token recorded the participant’s name, sect, path, and the time and location of his test.


 When a Gu Master signs up, their names could be fake, their paths and sects could also be kept secret.


 Because of this, during every Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, a large number of lone cultivators, demonic path members, and even Gu Immortals would join while concealing their identity.


 “A hundred primeval stones per person signing up, this is too expensive.” Zhang Ping kept his token as he said grudgingly.


 “So you must perform well this time, don’t waste our investment.” Zhang Quan looked at Zhang Ping with a gaze of anticipation.


 “Yes.” Zhang Ping nodded: “Oh yes, father, I saw that many Central Continent Gu Masters signed up directly, they did not need to take the test.”


 Zhang Quan smiled: “These people had gotten a certain position in the previous convention, they are able to join it directly now.”


 “Father, didn’t you get a placing yourself in the last convention? Why do you have to pay again?” Zhang Ping did not understand.


 Zhang Quan shook his head: “That is because I am not a Central Continent person, only Central Continent Gu Masters have this treatment.”


 “So that’s it.” Zhang Ping nodded.


 This was clearly favoritism towards the locals, it was unfair but the young Zhang Ping soon accepted it.


 This was Central Continent’s territory after all, the convention was also held in Central Continent, what’s wrong with helping their own people?


 And this was not unfair either, because this test only looked at the basics, any Gu Master with refinement path attainment could pass it.


 “The Refinement Path Convention is about to begin.” In Heavenly Court, Duke Long used his investigative killer move as he paid attention to the situation in Central Continent.


 His face was still pale now, his injuries sustained from obtaining Dragon Palace had not healed.


 “This Refinement Path Convention will be very crucial, oh Red Lotus, do you know, after this convention, fate Gu will be fully restored.” Duke Long’s eyes became dazed as scenes of the past surfaced in his mind.


 “Spring Autumn Cicada? You actually designed such a heretical Immortal Gu, Hong Ting, what are you trying to do?” After learning of this, Duke Long immediately went to find Red Lotus Immortal Venerable, Hong Ting.


 Hong Ting clenched his fists, saying to Duke Long: “Master, I’ve already said it before, I want to revive them, let everything start over again.”


 “You!” Duke Long pointed at Hong Ting, he was shivering from anger.


 Hong Ting lowered his head: “Master, scold me if you want, beat me if you want, but I will never give up!”


 Duke Long looked at Hong Ting angrily, he did not scold him, instead, he sighed after a long while of silence: “Hong Ting, my disciple, you are too naive. Even if you are an Immortal Venerable, what can you do to fate? Go ahead and try, I won’t stop you. You will definitely fail, but I hope that countless failures can wake you up.”


 1Many days later.


 “Master...” Hong Ting was covered in injuries but he was extremely excited, he came before Duke Long: “I finally found the only hope, I am about to succeed, I will definitely change fate!”


 “How can that be possible?!” Duke Long did not believe him at all.


 “I am relying on this — love Gu. I had obtained inspiration from >. It says that love is a type of fate, in that case, love can definitely change fate!” Hong Ting said in increasing excitement.


 Duke Long was extremely furious and shocked: “Heresy, blasphemy, Hong Ting, don’t forget your identity! You are a righteous path Immortal Venerable, you want to change history, do you know that such actions will have an unimaginably bad effect?”


 “Oh master!” Hong Ting raised his head, looking at Duke Long with glimmering eyes: “You still don’t understand?”


 “Understand what?”


 “Times have changed! The hearts of the people have changed too. Our generation does not need restrictions...”


 2Before Hong Ting finished his words, Duke Long shouted: “Enough! You actually said fate Gu is a form of restriction? Hong Ting, enough is enough, at this rate, you will fall into the demonic path! I... I do not want to exterminate you in the name of justice!!!”


 Breathing in deeply, Duke Long regained clarity in his eyes.


 His memories were kept away, but Duke Long still had a sense of guilt left in him.


 “Oh Red Lotus... you did not understand after all.” Duke Long muttered: “No matter how times change, fate Gu will always be the protector of humanity. You are disregarding the big picture of humanity for your personal selfish goals, I failed in my teachings!”


 “You are my disciple, as your master, I will atone for your mistakes.”


 “I do not have much time left.”


 “But it is fine, I just need to wait until fate Gu is repaired.”


 “I will not allow anyone to ruin this Refinement Path Convention!”


 Boom—!


 At the same time, Scorpion Needle Sect erupted with an intense explosion, countless Gu Masters who participated in the Refinement Path Convention died or got injured.


 As dust clouds settled, an ancient desolate year snake hissed in the rubble of Scorpion Needle Sect.


 Watching the ancient year snake slaughter more Gu Masters, Fang Yuan left with a cold smile.


 Using an immortal killer move with Fixed Immortal Travel as the core, he left for the next location.


 Heavenly Court wanted to repair Fate, they had to hold the Refinement Path Convention to gain success dao marks. How could Fang Yuan allow them to succeed so easily?


 A merciless slaughter had begun.



***
Chapter 1699 - Attacking Everywhere


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Unification Sect was one of the sign up locations of the Refinement Path Convention, it was filled with people as well.


 “The Refinement Path Convention is about to start! To think that I would get a second chance in this lifetime, thank the heavens.” A middle aged Gu Master sighed deeply.


 The Gu Masters nearby recognized him as they started to talk among themselves.


 “Quickly look, it is refinement path master Luo Sheng!”


 “He had lost in the previous Refinement Path Convention due to some accident, it seems he wants to compete again.”


 “Normally, the Refinement Path Convention is held once in a hundred years, Luo Sheng was not supposed to have a chance. But to think that ten years later, the ten great ancient sects would hold it again!”


 The middle aged Gu Master heard their discussions as he kept a peaceful expression.


 He was way beyond the age of vanity, he just wanted to prove himself now.


 “My opponents this time cannot be underestimated.”


 “Even though I worked very hard during this period, Central Continent is too huge, the five regions have countless geniuses.”


 “And even at this spot, there are already many new talents...”


 The middle aged Gu Master looked around, focusing his attention on three Gu Masters. One was an old man that had been reputed for many years, he was also a refinement path master. Another was a young man, and the last one was a young girl. The former had performed well in the previous convention while the latter was a rising star that had emerged in the last ten years.


 1“This Refinement Path Convention is still going to be that intense!”


 “I must make good use of this opportunity, I cannot fail anymore...”


 “I will prove myself, I will let my wife and children be proud!”


 Boom!


 At the next moment, a huge ancient year beast descended from the sky, crushing the entire hall to ruins.


 The middle aged Gu Master’s grand ambitions vanished into thin air.


 1The young Gu Master with a great future, the genius young girl who was highly thought of died pathetically on the spot, her bones and flesh were mashed together, even her corpse could not be seen clearly.


 “Onto the next location.” In the sky, Fang Yuan’s figure flickered and vanished.


 This was the fifteenth spot that he had attacked.


 Central Continent lost many Gu Masters, these were just mortal Gu Masters, how could they handle the ancient year beasts?


 Even rank six Gu Immortals might not be able to face these ancient year beasts.


 Fang Yuan slaughtered these Gu Masters mercilessly, he created lots of bloodshed, more and more talented Gu Masters were killed, even Heavenly Court was feeling heartache.


 “This demon Fang Yuan, he is truly evil and vicious, he came to cause trouble after all!”


 “Damn it, are we going to watch and do nothing?”


 “Lady Zi Wei, I wonder if...”


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: “Fang Yuan is very vigilant, he only sent out ancient year beasts each time to attack, even though he slaughtered many Gu Masters and caused great chaos, he rarely attacked personally.”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply: “His wisdom path attainment is truly deep, he knows that the more he attacks, the more clues he would leave behind, and the more easily we can find him. It is very hard for me to locate him, I will need more clues and even more time.”


 “But how can he have so many ancient year beasts?” Some Gu Immortals frowned.


 “According to Southern Border’s information, Xia Cha had a year essence pool in her immortal aperture, he should have used this to capture so many year beasts.” Fairy Zi Wei said.


 Even though her expression was calm, she was filled with rage.


 Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal yet he attacked these mortals without restraint, he was really bullying the weak and was simply too shameless, he had no bottom line!


 1Most demonic path Gu Immortals would not do this.


 This was the tacit consensus among Gu Immortals, but Fang Yuan broke it without concern.


 “This Fang Yuan is truly the greatest plague to all lifeforms in this world!” Fairy Zi Wei was furious while feeling sadness for those innocent lives: “The longer he lives in this world, the more lifeforms he would harm and kill.”


 1Duke Long was truly calm, his heart was like a tranquil lake.


 “Good, Fang Yuan showed up, didn’t we expect this to happen? Follow our plan, even if we have to pay a huge price, we must repair fate Gu!” Duke Long was immensely determined.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals heard his orders and realized: Nothing in this world could affect Duke Long’s determination.


 Fang Yuan was a real problem, Heavenly Court could not ignore him, they had a plan already.


 Several days later, the people who were in deep fear of Fang Yuan’s assaults received accurate proof and information.


 All evidence pointed to Fang Yuan, he was the culprit!


 Everyone was extremely riled up.


 “Fang Yuan has already become a Gu Immortal?!”


 “There really are immortals in this world...”


 “Fang Yuan, you killed my father, I will definitely take revenge for this immense hatred!”


 “Even rank fives are just ants if they do not become Gu Immortals.”


 “Fang Yuan is evidently trying to ruin the Refinement Path Convention, for the sake of my life, I’m not going.”


 “Go! Why not? If we do not go, wouldn’t we fall into that Fang Yuan’s scheme?”


 “That’s right, even though I am a mortal Gu Master and will not be Fang Yuan’s match, to avenge my wife’s death, I will even give up my life, I will not let this demon Fang Yuan succeed!”


 Some were fearful, some felt emotional, some backed out, while some became determined.


 Time passed, days went by, the Refinement Path Convention continued.


 Fang Yuan was all alone but Central Continent had many sign up locations for the Refinement Path Convention. Even though he had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could not eliminate every Gu Master that went.


 Because many places were secretly guarded by Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.


 Especially when Heavenly Court made arrangements after Fang Yuan’s attacks, they sent out missions to countless Gu Masters to move around and distribute tokens to other participants of the tests.


 This way, the participants in Central Continent became dispersed, nobody went to sign up locations, Fang Yuan’s slaughter became very inefficient.


 Even though Fang Yuan tried, more than ten thousand Gu Masters died in his hands, but he could not stop the Refinement Path Convention from starting.


 The sign up phase was over, the true competition had already started.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan appeared at a place in Central Continent, he was about to attack when he suddenly frowned.


 “Where are you going, Fang Yuan?”


 “Die!”


 A Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan gave a glance at him, he did not want to fight, he used his killer move to escape.


 “Central Continent’s Gu Immortals have been getting faster and faster recently, is it because I’ve used Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move too frequently, they have already deduced it?”


 “Even so, they seem to be able to detect where I would show up, what is this investigative method? Time path?”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s surroundings changed, he was hundreds of thousands of li away from the previous place.


 But his expression was grim, he sensed acutely that three rank eight Gu Immortals were approaching him from three directions.


 “Fang Yuan, where are you going?”


 “Heavenly Court has prepared more than ten investigative killer moves for you, you cannot escape!”


 “Especially one of them, it was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, known as people’s accusation! Hahaha, demon, did you think of this? The more people you kill, the more hatred you gather, these mortal Gu Masters’ hatred will continuously track you down.”


 The three rank eights arrived before Fang Yuan.


 Immortal battlefield killer move — Rumor Cage!


 Suddenly, a fourth rank eight Gu Immortal appeared above Fang Yuan, using an immortal battlefield to trap him.


 “We caught Fang Yuan!”


 “Lord Zhou Xiong Xin’s rumor cage is truly the battlefield killer move with the fastest activation time, even Fang Yuan could not react in time.”


 The four Gu Immortals were overjoyed.


 “Lord Duke Long, we finally trapped Fang Yuan.” Inside Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was extremely excited.


 “Mm.” Duke Long replied plainly.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined brightly: “Lord Duke Long, the chance is rare, I recommend that you act personally to eliminate this Fang Yuan now!”


 Duke Long shook his head: “Fang Yuan is nothing but a troublemaker, repairing fate Gu is the important thing now. It is not time for me to act.”


 2“Lord Duke Long...” Fairy Zi Wei wanted to speak more but suddenly, her expression changed.


 At this instant, Central Continent’s areas, especially those that were holding refinement competitions, were targeted with Gu Immortal level attacks.


 In fact, not only refinement competition locations, even some famous resource points in Central Continent were attacked by Gu Immortals, they were looted.


 “Even Infallible blessed land is being attacked!” Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was grim, she could not believe it: “There are actually so many Gu Immortals targeting us?”



***
Chapter 1700 - Rumors Become Tigers


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, it looked like he was staying motionless amidst a blizzard, soon, thick white snow gathered on his body.


 But looking from afar, it seemed like he was covered in a thick fox skin coat.


 This was the modified time path killer move, winter coat!


 Fang Yuan had many defensive killer moves, the strongest was reverse flow protection seal, but Reverse Flow River was clearly dried up now, this killer move could not be used anymore.


 Other than that, Fang Yuan had emperor yama, winter coat, bloodstained conqueror’s robe, purple thought light shield, hair armor, lion fur armor, divination tortoise transformation, ghost official garment, and other defensive methods.


 Hair armor and lion fur armor were mortal killer moves, even though Fang Yuan had used them for some time, they were eliminated long ago.


 Purple thought light shield was Purple Mountain True Monarch’s method, it had defended against Duke Long’s fists in battle earlier, it was quite useful. But Fang Yuan only had this killer move and did not cultivate it, he lacked the crucial Immortal Gu.


 Bloodstained conqueror’s robe was originally Fang Yuan’s method, it was used for some time. Even though the core Immortal Gu was now rank seven, a rank seven method was useless now.


 Divination tortoise transformation was considered a defensive method, but similarly, the ancient desolate beast divination tortoise was useless in a rank eight battle.


 Ghost official garment had a huge origin, being designed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it was used to defend against wisdom path methods.


 Emperor yama killer move which combined ghostly concealment, Soul Beast Token, and ghost official garment had incredible defense, it could be used in rank eight battles.


 But its defensive was still lower than winter coat.


 Emperor yama was a comprehensive method, it had both offense and defense, by using the yama children, it could even fight against a group.


 Meanwhile, winter coat focused on defense, after Fang Yuan annexed Xia Cha’s immortal aperture, his time path dao marks increased in numbers drastically to being his highest path, winter coat’s power was greatly amplified.


 And most crucially, after some modifications, winter coat’s defense was even better than before!


 While he could not use reverse flow protection seal, winter coat was Fang Yuan’s new replacement.


 Bam bam bam...


 The three Central Continent rank eights attacked Fang Yuan furiously, he did not dodge, he used winter coat killer move to block all of the attacks.


 “What killer move is this?”


 “It seems like Xia Cha’s winter coat...”


 “How can this be? Xia Cha’s winter coat is not like this.”


 The three rank eights had varying expressions as they conversed secretly, they were very shocked by winter coat’s defense.


 Next, they placed all their attention on Zhou Xiong Xin.


 These three rank eights came from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, but Zhou Xiong Xin was different, he was a recently awakened Heavenly Court member.


 Zhou Xiong Xin had already activated his immortal battlefield rumor cage, in this environment, all other paths were suppressed, only information path was amplified!


 Fang Yuan’s winter coat killer move was suppressed, but the other three rank eights’ offensive methods were also suppressed.


 As the three rank eights looked at Zhou Xiong Xin, Fang Yuan was also assessing this immortal battlefield rumor cage.


 Rumor cage consisted of many silver text and characters, these characters were large as horse carriages or small as ants, they weaved together into a huge ball, enveloping Fang Yuan and the other four rank eights.


 Because there were gaps between characters, the round ball seemed to be connected with the outside world, it was not completely shut off.


 Fang Yuan had a serious expression.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, his time path clone was bathed in the light of wisdom, he was trying to deduce the mysteries of this immortal battlefield.


 But regarding information path, Fang Yuan was not skilled in it.


 If this was a time path or refinement path immortal battlefield, Fang Yuan could use his time path and refinement path quasi-supreme attainment levels to deduce it immediately. But against information path, he lacked the attainment, he could only deduce it using the light of wisdom forcefully.


 Undoubtedly, it was wise that Heavenly Court sent out information path Gu Immortal Zhou Xiong Xin to deal with Fang Yuan.


 If this was any other Gu Immortal that Fang Yuan has met before, he would be prepared with specialized methods. But this was the first time Fang Yuan was seeing Zhou Xiong Xin.


 Zhou Xiong Xin wore a white robe, he had a square face with an air of righteousness, his body was quite muscular.


 Those who could become Heavenly Court members were elite experts among rank eights. Forget about the rest, just that rumor cage alone was incredibly profound, it could be activated rapidly and was the fastest immortal battlefield killer move that Fang Yuan had ever seen!


 “Fang Yuan, since you are trapped, don’t think of leaving alive. You committed so much slaughter, so many innocent lives died in your hands! Now, you will experience the bad karma that you have created!” Zhou Xiong Xin said in a righteous tone, his aura burst out as he used two immortal killer moves.


 Immortal killer move — Malicious Rumors!


 Immortal killer move — Rumors Become Tigers!


 Instantly, the silver characters in the cage started to shine in a dazzling light.


 The dense light flowed like water, moving in the air as it gathered and swirled.


 Next, from the silvery light, silver tigers emerged.


 The tigers attacked as Fang Yuan shot out like lightning, facing them.


 Strength path giant hand!


 1Fang Yuan rushed to the silver tigers as he attacked, but the giant hand only lasted for a moment before it broke.


 Fang Yuan’s brows rose, the silver tigers had great battle strength.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 The jade green scissors flew out with great agility, wherever it went, the scissors snipped as tiger heads fell, tigers were cut into halves and their corpses faded into silver light that flickered and scattered.


 Spring scissors was unstoppable!


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s eyes flashed with a different light, he thought: “It is different from our intel, after the battle for Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Fang Yuan’s spring scissors seems to be modified again, it has grown more powerful!”


 Zhou Xiong Xin was an information path Gu Immortal, he could rapidly gather information about any change or unusualness.


 “Spring scissors killer move had not been modified for hundreds of years in Xia Cha’s hands, but Fang Yuan could constantly modify it? Is Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment level really so high? Or maybe his time path attainment level is very high, after all, this is a rank eight killer move, it is not easy to modify!”


 Zhou Xiong Xin was secretly shocked.


 Even though he was still under the suppression of rumor cage, spring scissors killer move still slaughtered countless silver tigers like they were thin paper.


 But Zhou Xiong Xin did not fluster.


 “The battle is under my control, slowly, you will see my power, Fang Yuan.” Zhou Xiong Xin laughed to himself secretly.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan frowned subtly.


 “The silver tigers are endless, it is clearly one with this rumor cage battlefield, no matter how many I kill, they will regenerate!”


 “And most importantly, these silver tigers are growing stronger!”


 “Strange...”


 Normally, methods like these silver tigers are meant to expend the enemy’s reserves through advantage in numbers.


 But these silver tigers were growing stronger at a rapid rate, it was far beyond normality.


 Earlier, spring scissors killer move was unstoppable, but now, it seemed slow. Not only did the silver tigers grow stronger, they were much tougher and more agile now, they often managed to escape from spring scissors, causing it to miss its target.


 At this time, the time path clone finally made some useful deductions.


 Fang Yuan looked at Zhou Xiong Xin as he spoke: “So that’s it, this is the unification of information path and human path methods! You are using the grudge of the whole of Central Continent’s mortals to display this move? Similar to the people’s accusation killer move earlier.”


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s eyebrows twitched, Fang Yuan actually discovered the profundity of this move so quickly it was truly shocking.


 “Since you found out, there is no point hiding it. Indeed, this move was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it uses the will of Central Continent’s people.”


 “Fang Yuan, you slaughtered so many people, everyone is furious. One mortal might be weak, but what about countless mortals? Their collective power is beyond your imagination.”


 “Thus, continue to struggle. You cannot defeat the unified will of every person, this is the bad karma that you gathered, this is simply just desserts!”


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 He started to attack rumor cage itself.


 But before he found out the mysteries of this immortal battlefield, even if he used Luo Po seal, there would be little effect, he would be wasting rank eight immortal essence.


 At the same time, somewhere in Central Continent.


 “Fang Yuan is trapped, he is likely in a certain immortal formation or immortal battlefield. I can barely sense him anymore, our connection is about to be broken.” Shen Cong Sheng said.


 He was an Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of super force Shen clan, he cultivated sound path.


 When Fang Yuan went after Eastern Sea’s Dragon Palace, he had been hit by this investigative method unknowingly. Now, even though he was inside rumor cage, Shen Cong Sheng could still sense Fang Yuan’s whereabouts slightly.


 “Brother Shen’s investigative methods are truly admirable.” At his side, Song Qi Yuan said with a deep sigh: “Back in the days, I was hit by your investigative methods, it was truly a nightmare.”


 “Haha.” Shen Cong Sheng laughed loudly: “We were still young, to think that you managed to steal the inheritance secretly, causing us to end up with no gains despite our hard work.”


 “It is expected that Fang Yuan would obstruct the Refinement Path Convention, he has deep enmity with Heavenly Court after all!”


 “Indeed, even years ago, he was already fighting with Heavenly Court in treasure yellow heaven by exposing secrets of both sides.”


 “Heavenly Court wants to repair Fate, even if he is an otherworldly demon, he would not want them to succeed. Heavenly Court would have too great of an advantage after all.”


 The surrounding Gu Immortals also spoke, some had cold and indifferent expressions.


 Taking a look, these were all rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Song Qi Yuan, Qing Yue An, Shen Cong Sheng, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Shi Miao, and others, this was an unprecedented gathering!


 “Alright, isn’t this situation good? Fang Yuan is also a problem, with him resisting and fighting Heavenly Court, we will have less issues here. Hmm... Dragon Palace is nearby, there is no mistake.” Shen Cong Sheng led the way as he moved ahead of the group.


 It turned out that because Duke Long snatched the rank eight Immortal Gu House from these Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals, they had lost their face.


 1Thus, during this Refinement Path Convention, these people gathered secretly, they wanted to obtain Dragon Palace and salvage their reputation!



***
Chapter 1701 - Killing Rank Eight!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A group of Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals flew along Central Continent’s mountain ranges at a low altitude.


 After Duke Long took the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace by force, he caused Eastern Sea’s righteous path, demonic path, and even lone immortal rank eights to work together.


 “It should be here.” Shen Cong Sheng suddenly stopped as he showed a suspicious expression towards the mountain below him.


 This mountain was very plain, it was surrounded by mountains and was nothing special.


 “This?” Hua Cai Yun frowned, shaking her head: “I did not find anything with my investigative method.”


 “Mm... but I feel that this mountain is different.” Qing Yue An said.


 “It is here.” Granny Rong said with certainty.


 The surrounding Gu Immortals looked toward her.


 Granny Rong was a poison path Gu Immortal, how did she have such incredible attainment in investigative methods?


 “There is an illusion formation here.” Song Qi Yuan’s eyes shined with crystal light as he spoke.


 “But we do not have any formation path member now.” Hua Cai Yun added.


 Zhang Yin laughed coldly: “Why are we hesitating? Let’s break into the formation by force. Earlier in Eastern Sea, we were all wary of each other, that allowed Duke Long to succeed. Now, we have set an alliance, we will advance and retreat together, even if Duke Long comes, so what?”


 “Hahaha, he is right, let’s charge in!” Song Qi Yuan laughed loudly, attacking.


 Boom boom boom!


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had incredible methods.


 In a chain of explosions, the illusion formation seemed to have shattered, it exposed the true scenery.


 Below the mountain, there was a huge rock cavern, the cavern had natural dragon markings, it resembled dancing dragons that intertwined together.


 Eastern Sea’s immortals only took a glance before they lost interest in this cavern with dragon markings.


 They flew into the cave and found that there was a huge hole below.


 They flew along the path, going down.


 After passing a long tunnel, light appeared before the immortals’ eyes.


 “This is a natural Earth Trench below the cavern!”


 “This is not a new Earth Trench, it must have existed for a very long time.”


 1“Is Dragon Palace at the depths of this Earth Trench?”


 “Duke Long took away the Immortal Gu House, why did he put it here?”


 Eastern Sea’s immortals discussed.


 The Earth Trench was unfathomably deep, it was completely dark and eerie.


 Compared to the Earth Trench, they were too small, they were like insignificant flies.


 Roar!


 Suddenly, an intense gust of wind emerged from the Earth Trench, blowing upwards.


 At the same time, the entire Earth Trench started to shake, the rocks along the cliffs of the Earth Trench started to fall.


 The expressions of Eastern Sea’s immortals changed, they felt a strong sense of threat.


 The tremors started abruptly and ended just as abruptly.


 More than ten breaths later, the entire Earth Trench returned to normal.


 “What exactly is down there?”


 “No matter what it is, it was able to make all of us feel danger, it is not simple!”


 “I want to see what Duke Long is up to.”


 Eastern Sea’s immortals were about to explore the depth of the Earth Trench when rainbow lights started to shine in the Earth Trench, a super immortal formation appeared and enveloped all of the Gu Immortals.


 “They were waiting in ambush!”


 “Such an amazing immortal formation!”


 “Who is it?”


 An old Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal appeared before the Eastern Sea immortals.


 He was wearing a gray robe, he was covered in a deep level of sadness all over his body.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights were very knowledgeable, they quickly recognized this Central Continent rank eight expert.


 “Oh? You are Wind Cloud Manor’s Old Man Bei Feng?”


 Old Man Bei Feng sighed: “Yes indeed, you have come here to attack Hidden Dragon Cave, it is very unwise. With me here, no matter what objective you have, you will not succeed.”


 “Hidden Dragon Cave! This is Hidden Dragon Cave?!” Many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals felt greatly shocked.


 Hidden Dragon Cave contained the legendary immemorial desolate beast Di Zang Sheng, everyone knew that. But its location had never been exposed.


 Old Man Bei Feng was originally able to become a Heavenly Court member, but because his beloved grandson Feng Chan Zi made a mistake, Old Man Bei Feng took the punishment together and they were tasked to guard over Di Zang Sheng in Hidden Dragon Cave.


 Because of specific reasons, Duke Long placed the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace here. These Eastern Sea Gu Immortals searched for clues and found their way to Hidden Dragon Cave.


 “Puff!” Old Man Bei Feng’s body shook as he activated the super immortal formation.


 This super immortal formation was able to trap Di Zang Sheng, it was naturally very powerful, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals were all swept by its power, their eyes blurred as they found that they were trapped in a huge space after regaining their vision, isolated from each other.


 At the next moment, Eastern Sea’s immortals struck and attacked their surroundings.


 A rank eight battle was about to begin!


 At the same time, immortals acted all over Central Continent.


 Mountain Tortoise Valley.


 Inside the valley, walls were steep, almost perpendicular to the ground.


 Demonic path Gu Immortal Nine Ghost Finger sneaked in here.


 He looked at the mountain tortoises here with a look of desire.


 There were many mountain tortoises, they filled the entire valley, among them were gigantic desolate beast mountain tortoises.


 “Mountain tortoises that are rare in Eastern Sea are common in Southern Border and Central Continent. This Mountain Tortoise Valley is the largest mountain tortoise breeding ground in Central Continent. Hehehe.”


 Nine Ghost Finger laughed smugly to himself.


 This was originally the resource point governed by Spirit Butterfly Valley of the ten great ancient sects. But now, the Gu Immortal guarding this place was drawn away to protect a certain Refinement Path Convention area.


 “However, even though the person left, they left behind warning methods.” Nine Ghost Finger did not enter abruptly, he stayed outside and investigated for a long time, realizing the truth.


 This was an earth path immortal killer move.


 “Let me see how to unravel this method!” Nine Ghost Finger’s eyes shined brightly, his ten fingers quickly deduced and they flew all over the place.


 His fingers moved fast, alternating between real and phantom, there were originally ten fingers but soon, only nine finger phantoms were left.


 Nine Ghost Finger’s wisdom path inheritance was very unique.


 The missing finger represented the ‘one in the Great Dao’ that fled, it was the most profound heavenly secret1.


 Nine Ghost Finger only secondarily cultivated wisdom path, he primarily cultivated soul path. His fingers danced as he muttered phrases to himself.


 The more he deduced, the more his eyes shined with brilliance.


 And meanwhile, countless li away in Moonlight Mound, a serious battle ensued.


 Rank seven lone immortal Xie Bao Shu floated in the sky, his aura was grand as he attacked Moonlight Mound with a barrage of attacks.


 He was dressed in a blue robe, he looked like a scholar with a handsome jade face, he had the appearance of a good looking young man.


 His opponent, the female immortal guarding Moonlight Mound, was in a sad state, she said furiously: “Xie Bao Shu, you are not worthy of being a famous lone immortal of Eastern Sea, you actually acted so demonically and tried to plunder Moonlight Mound! Go and steal from the ten great ancient sects if you dare, we are both lone immortals yet you still target me! Back then, I bought your year Gu, I had given you business!”


 Xie Bao Shu sighed: “Fairy Yue Hua, unless I had no choice, I would not do this. My year Gu business has flopped, I need another source of income. If you can give me half of your moonlight mushrooms, I will leave now without question.”


 1The Central Continent female immortal wanted to cough out blood: “I had spent thirty years nurturing my moonlight mushrooms and put in huge effort, you want half of them now, you are dreaming! Even if I cannot defeat you, you will not have them, before I escape, I will destroy the entire Moonlight Mound!”


 “Can you?” Suddenly, a soft whisper was heard behind the Central Continent female immortal.


 “Ambush!” The female immortal was very shocked, someone had actually sneaked behind her without her noticing.


 “Who?!” The female immortal wanted to turn around and check but at the next moment, her vision went dark as she fainted.


 You Xian Zi stood above Moonlight Mound as he looked at the Central Continent female immortal, before turning to Xie Bao Shu with a smile.


 You Xian Zi specialized in theft path, he was the Gu Immortal most skilled at collecting Earth Trench black oil in Eastern Sea. His appearance was ugly and he looked like a lecher, but he was best friends with Xie Bao Shu.


 Xie Bao Shu came to Central Continent for resources, You Xian Zi naturally came to help.


 Inside rumor cage.


 Fang Yuan shouted as he unleashed immortal killer move myriad dragon.


 Myriad dragons flew and fought against the countless silver tigers.


 At once, dragons and tigers fought, there were beautiful silver sparkles when they fought, amidst deep killing intent.


 After a few breaths of time, the dragons fell in numbers, they were not the tigers’ match.


 Fang Yuan’s face was grim as he continued to activate myriad dragon, holding his own.


 “Lord Zhou Xiong Xin’s methods are truly powerful!


 “This combination is amazing, using rumor cage, malicious rumors, and rumors become tigers, his battle strength is increasing endlessly.”


 “The longer this drags on, the more disadvantage it is for Fang Yuan. But he is in a desperate situation, he can no longer escape.”


 The three Central Continent rank eights watched by the side, guarding the formation from a corner.


 Zhou Xiong Xin alone was able to suppress Fang Yuan.


 Any Heavenly Court Gu Immortal would have incredible talent, they were genius experts.


 “Normally, I only have upper-tier rank eight battle strength, I am inferior to Li Huang. But with my information path advantage, using Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s killer move and borrowing the wills of Central Continent’s countless humans, my battle strength will continue to grow.”


 “At this rate, I will eventually kill Fang Yuan through attrition!”


 Even though Zhou Xiong Xin had the advantage, he did not become careless.


 Even though he had just woken up, a huge amount of information had allowed him to gain a deep understanding of Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s great strength, craftiness, and threat was deeply etched into Zhou Xiong Xin’s mind.


 “Information path and human path... Heavenly Court truly has deep foundations, by just sending a counter, I am in deep trouble.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Zhou Xiong Xin as he sighed to himself.


 The enemy did not expose any weaknesses, they were very vigilant against Fang Yuan and used all sorts of investigative methods, any sort of commotion would be detected, Fang Yuan’s countless battle tactics could not be used.


 Fang Yuan had become rank eight for a very short period of time, he was reliant on reverse flow protection seal and Luo Po seal, and others to stabilize his battle strength at upper-tier rank eight.


 In earlier fights, he was either in the five regions’ regional walls, five regional mountain range, or the River of Time, Fang Yuan could use the environment or other people to his advantage, shortening the difference in strength between him and the enemies.


 But now, he was deep in Central Continent, he was countered by a true rank eight great expert.


 In terms of information path, he had too shallow attainment. Human path was worse.


 “Forget it, the probing ends here, it is time to use my territorial advantage.” Fang Yuan’s lips moved as he exposed a crafty smile.


 At the next moment, his ambush was activated.


 Rumble!


 A huge formation activated in the outer world of Central Continent.


 Rumor cage was like an egg, it was smashed by the terrifying force!


 “Why is there a formation here?!” Central Continent’s four immortals were shocked and furious.


 “Make a guess?” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, turning into the immemorial year monkey as he jumped towards Zhou Xiong Xin, punching with his fist.


 Rumor cage broke, the backlash made Zhou Xiong Xin spat out mouthfuls of blood.


 Time path method activated, time was slowed in the surroundings, Zhou Xiong Xin could not dodge in time, he was hit by Fang Yuan’s fist as he crashed to the ground.


 “Quick, save Lord Zhou Xiong Xin!”


 “Let’s attack together!!”


 The other three Gu Immortals charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, the formation activated again, stalling the three rank eights for a breath of time.


 Using this chance, Fang Yuan’s huge body descended as he landed before Zhou Xiong Xin who was like a rag doll.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 A huge pair of scissors was held in the monkey’s hands. The blades were tens of feet long, they stabbed into the soil on the ground.


 Next, the huge scissors snipped, the ground was like a soft piece of tofu when compared to the sharp blades.


 Crack!


 With a soft sound, the scissors closed up as the two blades met.


 Blood splattered.


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s head flew in the sky before it landed on the ground.


 Zhou Xiong Xin had died!



***
Chapter 1702 - Common Enemy Hatred


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “More than half of Imprisonment Valley’s southern thorns were stolen by a mysterious Gu Immortal.”


 “Red river beach’s immortal formation was destroyed, the blazing red stones inside were all plundered by three Gu Immortals.”


 “Someone wants to steal Falling Heavenly River’s primeval sand, he was forced away by Heaven’s Envy Manor’s immortal killer move that was left behind.”


 ...


 Fairy Zi Wei took command in Heavenly Court, observing the situation of the entire Central Continent, all of these news made her frown more tightly.


 She was furious.


 The huge Central Continent had abundant resources and talents, Heavenly Court’s leaders and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had worked effortlessly for countless generations to create this prosperity.


 1But now, because of these thieves, it was a huge mess.


 Meanwhile, Duke Long sat in his seat and listened to Fairy Zi Wei report the disastrous news, his face was extremely calm.


 “No matter, so what if we lose some resources? They are just tiny problems.” Duke Long said as he shut his eyes, resting as his arm supported his chin.


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply, telling herself to calm down but at the next moment, her eyes widened as she said angrily: “Fang Yuan has already escaped, three of our Central Continent rank eights were injured, while senior Zhou Xiong Xin... he was killed by Fang Yuan!”


 “Oh?” A sharp light flashed in Duke Long’s eyes, he stopped resting as he sat up straight, saying: “Zhou Xiong Xin was specially chosen to fight Fang Yuan, he had the greatest strength among them but was actually killed by Fang Yuan while the rest escaped with injuries, there must be a reason. Where is the battle report?”


 “Here.” Fairy Zi Wei handed an information path Gu worm to Duke Long.


 The battle report was very detailed, because other than Zhou Xiong Xin, the other three Central Continent rank eights were alive.


 After seeing the report, the hall went silent.


 Long after, Fairy Zi Wei said: “I originally thought that Fang Yuan killed senior Zhou Xiong Xin using Luo Po seal, to think that the killer move used was spring scissors.”


 “According to this intel, spring scissors was modified again. And most importantly, when Fang Yuan transformed into the immemorial year monkey, his battle strength has broken through to the peak of rank eight!”


 Saying so, Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply.


 She had known that Fang Yuan was a threat long ago. If he was allowed to grow freely, he would become a huge problem.


 Fairy Zi Wei had expected this to happen, but she did not expect that this day would come so quickly!


 “How long has Fang Yuan become a Gu Immortal? In just the blink of an eye, he became rank eight. And with another blink, he reached the peak of rank eight, even my battle strength is only at upper-tier rank eight level.”


 At once, Fairy Zi Wei felt a little dejected.


 Duke Long looked at Fairy Zi Wei as he said slowly in a low tone: “Zi Wei, don’t look down on yourself, Fang Yuan grew rapidly not just because of his talent, he also had external help. He was chosen by Red Lotus Demon Venerable and obtained Spring Autumn Cicada. He also got Spectral Soul’s true inheritance and inherited Shadow Sect. He even has ghostly concealment, that is part of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance. And don’t forget, with the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, how many benefits did Fang Yuan get from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?”


 “We are already paying a lot of attention to him, your measures were not wrong. The reason why we failed was not just because of Fang Yuan, but also because of the forces affecting him. We are not eliminating Fang Yuan alone, we are also contesting the forces that surround him.”.


 “These are either Immortal Venerables or Demon Venerables, they were the reason Fang Yuan could grow to this extent.”


 1Fairy Zi Wei heard this and showed a shameful expression: “I had lost my cool and stability, thank you for the reminder, Lord Duke Long.”


 Duke Long smiled faintly: “I am not consoling you, this is just a fact. However, even though Fang Yuan has peak rank eight battle strength, as long as he is not rank nine, he cannot overturn our Heavenly Court. Zhou Xiong Xin’s death was clearly reported, it was because Fang Yuan used an immortal formation to destroy rumor cage.”


 “Fang Yuan is crafty and vicious, he purposely stalled for time and made rumor cage stronger with the will of Central Continent’s people, far beyond its original capabilities. By destroying it afterwards, Zhou Xiong Xin suffered immense backlash that he could not endure, causing him to be heavily injured.”


 “Even though the remaining three rank eights tried to help immediately, Fang Yuan was prepared and used the formation to disrupt them. By turning into the immemorial year monkey and gaining peak rank eight battle strength, he caught everyone off-guard and killed Zhou Xiong Xin.”


 “Fang Yuan had always been pretending to be weak, using rumor cage, he harmed our Gu Immortal. Even though Zhou Xiong Xin was very vigilant, he still fell for Fang Yuan’s trap.”


 “Actually, if both sides fought fairly, even if Fang Yuan had peak rank eight battle strength, he could not kill Zhou Xiong Xin. The battle afterwards could prove this point, our three rank eights fought together and retreated, Fang Yuan could not retain them.”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded continuously, Duke Long’s analysis was the same as hers, she agreed: “There is no strongest Immortal Gu, only strongest Gu Immortal. Fang Yuan has grown fully now, he has powerful methods and vicious plans, he is also ruthless and achieves outstanding results. Right now, he has peak rank eight battle strength, our arrangements earlier were all disrupted, should we send Li Huang to deal with him?”


 Duke Long shook his head: “Li Huang must continue to guard the Refinement Path Convention. Restoring Fate is the most important goal, we cannot divert anyone away from that objective. Even if we make Li Huang go after Fang Yuan, he has Fixed Immortal Travel. Even if teleportation fails, Fang Yuan would still want to waste Li Huang’s time. After all, he is not the only person who wants to disrupt the restoration of Fate, we cannot fumble at this moment.”


 “Yes, Lord Duke Long.” Fairy Zi Wei had regained her calm already.


 Even though Duke Long was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was in charge of Heavenly Court, his disposition was extraordinary, he was like a huge pillar stabilizing and holding up the entire situation.


 Let alone peak rank eight battle strength, even if Fang Yuan was a pseudo-Immortal Venerable with the same strength as Duke Long, so what?


 Duke Long believed that with Heavenly Court’s foundation, they would definitely be able to repair fate Gu. Even if Fang Yuan caused much trouble, as long as he was not a rank nine venerable, he could not change the situation!


 Duke Long was most concerned about the progress of the Refinement Path Convention.


 He looked at the other person in the hall, asking: “Lord Zheng Yuan, how has the activation of common enemy hatred killer move gone?”


 The person in question was an old man, he had many wrinkles on his face, he was thin and dry like a stick, he was truly resembling a man about to step into his grave.


 1He sat on a stone bench and was curled up due to his hunchback. He breathed slowly and lightly, his aura was so weak that it would not be strange if he died now.


 But his seniority surpassed Duke Long, even though he had rank seven cultivation level, he was a member of Heavenly Court.


 He was Old Man Zheng Yuan.


 Because of fate Gu’s restoration, he had woken up from the immortal graveyard.


 Normally speaking, Heavenly Court only recruited rank eight Gu Immortals, and those had to be elites among elites. But Old Man Zheng Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, yet he was acknowledged and recruited into Heavenly Court.


 The most important reason was because Old Man Zheng Yuan cultivated a special path — human path!


 The concept of human path had existed from very long ago.


 It originated from the person who everyone living in this world knew, Ren Zu.


 The > left behind by Ren Zu could be said as the greatest, oldest, and most mystical inheritance in human history.


 2> contained the profundities of human path, many great geniuses were able to gain some sort of comprehension from reading it, these gains were usually spectacular and shocking to everyone.


 Heavenly Court thought of itself as humanity’s leader, they had accumulated countless human path methods, these were one of Duke Long’s greatest sources of confidence.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan spoke in a weak voice: “Back then, when the eighteen variant human demonic immortals attacked Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, he was invincible in the world. After the eighteen variant human demonic immortals lost terribly, they were unresigned and tried to deceive the Immortal Venerable. Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was troubled and sat in the formation for three days and nights, thinking deeply and unable to regain his senses. After reading >, he broke through the confusion in his heart, creating many human path killer moves such as countless lifeforms, people’s united hearts, and common enemy hatred.”


 1“I am merely a key to activate Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s remnant methods, I do not deserve the title of ‘Lord’, please address me by my name, Duke Long.”


 Old Man Zheng Yuan was very humble: “Right now, countless lifeforms has already been activated, the killer move common enemy hatred is also effective in the whole of Central Continent, now, as long as we can gather enough human will to a certain degree, we will be able to use the killer move people’s united hearts.”


 “Good.” Duke Long smiled: “This is good, with common enemy hatred, Central Continent’s people will be united in their anger and hatred, the Refinement Path Convention will definitely continue smoothly.”


 Central Continent, Mystical Body Sect.


 This sect was created by a supreme elder of Wind Cloud Manor, Wu Fa, it was also a competition location of this Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 After the initial selection, those that could compete here were all experts in Gu refinement.


 There were thousands of Gu Masters in the square, each had their own space as they refined Gu.


 The entire square was covered in a thick wall of light, rank seven Gu Immortal Wu Fa was staying here, protecting the place.


 Half the time had passed, most Gu Masters had failed already.


 Some people had soot on their face, some were pitiful and their arms were blown to bits, bloody holes appeared in their chest...


 Gu refinement was a dangerous process, any distraction and they would suffer huge injuries.


 Another Gu Master faced an accident during Gu refinement as he fainted on the spot.


 The formation below the square’s floor tiles activated, this Gu Master was teleported outside as healing Gu Masters gathered and quickly treated him.


 This person had made a mistake while handling the Gu materials, the poison from the materials seeped into his body, causing him to faint.


 Soon, he was saved and managed to wake up.


 “Even though you woke up, your limbs are weak and your mind is fuzzy, you cannot continue with the competition.” The healing Gu Master felt pity for him, he was not weak, many people thought he would succeed.


 This person laughed: “So what if I failed? According to the great immortals, even if I fail in the competition, it will still benefit Central Continent! It will benefit the righteous path! Those demonic path immortals are trying their best to ruin our Refinement Path Convention, they killed so many innocent lives! Even though we are mortals, we cannot give up on resisting them. Participating in the Refinement Path Convention and keeping it going is our revenge against them!”


 Even though his voice was weak, his content was firm, it felt like clashing swords.


 “Good lad!” The healing Gu Master gave a thumbs up: “I think so too, those murderers are no immortals, they have no empathy at all. We must resist, we cannot let them win!”


 Right at this moment, a change occurred in the square.


 Two young Gu Masters stood up, holding a Gu worm in their hands.


 One of them was Hong Yi, he shouted: “I succeeded!”


 “Good, both of you succeeded, you will share the ranking of number one. According to the rules, you can get a small reward from our sect.” Gu Immortal Wu Fa’s voice resounded in the square, everyone started to envy them.


 The two young Gu Masters looked at each other, they were neither too far nor too close to each other, one was at the center of the square while the other was at the north-east corner.


 “Report your names.” Wu Fa said, he did not show up, but upon inspecting these two winners, his opinion of them increasingly grew, they were both very handsome and had great cultivation levels.


 “I am Hong Yi.” Hong Yi said.


 “My name is Ye Fan.” The other young man also spoke.



***
Chapter 1703 - Avoiding The Limelight Temporarily


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 White clouds moved beside him, winds howled by his ears, Fang Yuan flew rapidly in the sky.


 A trace of blood was still at the corner of his lips, in the intense battle against rank eights earlier, he did not leave unscathed.


 Especially at the end, after his plot succeeded in killing Zhou Xiong Xin, the remaining three rank eights decided to escape, they cooperated and broke Fang Yuan’s formation.


 This formation was not made by Fang Yuan, Shadow Sect had created it long ago using the natural dao marks of the area, it was a natural super formation.


 This super immortal formation had great power, it was similar to the one that Fang Yuan used to capture Xia Cha and the rest.


 This immortal formation was usually concealed without any exposed traces, Shadow Sect created it so that the organization Defy could have a base camp when the time was ripe.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects occupied their own territory, they had the most resources. The righteous path, lone immortals, and demonic immortals were all desperately trying to survive between the cracks of these ten great ancient sects.


 But the sect system was different from the clan system, they only focused on talents. Many cultivation geniuses did not lack talent, they lacked cultivation resources, it was the cause of their stagnation.


 As time passed, these people naturally developed lots of conflict with the Central Continent ten great ancient sects.


 Shadow Sect thought of this and secretly gathered the Gu Immortals who were unhappy with the ten great ancient sects, creating a loose organization that was very secretive, known as Defy.


 Defy was similar to Zombie Alliance, it was a branch of Shadow Sect. This was similar to the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court.


 Shadow Sect had placed some hope in Defy, but unfortunately, it was not Fairy Zi Wei’s match even though it tried to hide.


 Right now, Defy was no more, Fairy Zi Wei held great credit in completely eradicating it.


 Since Fang Yuan showed up and destroyed the competition locations of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, he had also thought about possible Heavenly Court pursuers.


 This super formation was his trump card.


 When he realized something amiss, he escaped to this location without going anywhere else.


 Zhou Xiong Xin used rumor cage killer move and trapped Fang Yuan, feeling overjoyed, but he did not think that this was Fang Yuan’s ambush from the very beginning.


 The super immortal formation did not let down Fang Yuan’s expectations, when he used it, he immediately broke rumor cage’s connection with the outside world, before completely crushing this immortal battlefield.


 Next, the immortal formation even stopped three rank eights for a breath of time, so that Fang Yuan had the crucial time to kill Zhou Xiong Xin.


 Finally, using the immortal formation, Fang Yuan fought against the remaining three rank eights, but the immortal formation had already expended itself, this kind of immortal formation created using natural dao marks had a weakness as well, the environment could be destroyed.


 The three Central Continent rank eights knew this and managed to destroy the immortal formation.


 The immortal formation was destroyed, Fang Yuan also suffered a backlash like Zhou Xiong Xin.


 Immortal killer moves were like this, the stronger they were, the greater the backlash when they got broken, they were simply double-edged swords.


 But Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, he was not caught unguarded like Zhou Xiong Xin.


 The three Central Continent rank eights did not use this chance, they were bent on retreating.


 Fang Yuan did not have an immortal battlefield or an immortal formation to obstruct them, they were able to escape.


 He had peak rank eight battle strength, he could defeat these three people, but killing them was too hard. Unless he could trap them or make use of a rare opportunity like how he killed Zhou Xiong Xin.


 1Normally, Fang Yuan relied on Luo Po seal, spring scissors, winter coat, five finger fist heart sword, and other methods to maintain his upper-tier rank eight battle strength.


 He worked hard to raise these many Immortal Gu, it was not for fun.


 But when he became the immemorial year monkey, his battle strength would rise to peak rank eight.


 The difference was because of his dao marks!


 In the contest for the Red Lotus true inheritance, Fang Yuan neither won nor lost. In the Dragon Palace contest, Fang Yuan lost. But afterwards, heaven form did not disappoint, it finally found the hidden location of the crucial Immortal Gu inside Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan had also used the dream realm to raise his transformation path attainment level during this period.


 He first used familiar face to disguise himself before entering the grotto-heaven and using his theft path methods to steal all of the Immortal Gu inside.


 Even though that Beast Calamity heavenly spirit was clear-minded, how could it compare to the crafty Fang Yuan?


 At this point, Fang Yuan no longer had any concerns, he changed his identity again and inherited the Beast Calamity true inheritance.


 The pitiful Beast Calamity heavenly spirit was completely deceived, even when Beast Calamity grotto-heaven got annexed, it did not discover Fang Yuan’s true identity.


 This Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was a crucial turning point.


 Normally speaking, an earthly calamity gave a Gu Immortal two hundred and fifty dao marks, heavenly tribulation was seven hundred and fifty, grand tribulation was seven thousand two hundred and fifty, while myriad tribulations were even higher, at eighty-six thousand seven hundred and fifty.


 These were just the average numbers, some calamities and tribulations were more ferocious and Gu Immortals would gain more dao marks for passing them.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals faced an earthly calamity every ten years, while rank eight Gu Immortals faced a heavenly tribulation every ten years.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals faced a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, while rank eight Gu Immortals faced a grand tribulation every fifty years.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals faced a grand tribulation every hundred years, while rank eight Gu Immortals faced a myriad tribulation every hundred years.


 One myriad tribulation gave eighty thousand dao marks, it was more than ten times of a grand tribulation, this was also the reason why rank eight Gu Immortals often suppressed rank seven, the difference in their dao marks was just too high.


 Fang Yuan annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, which had already passed one myriad tribulation. Even though the grotto-heaven’s original owner, Beast Calamity Immortal died after the first myriad tribulation, the Beast Calamity grotto-heaven that he left behind passed many calamities and tribulations afterwards, it was not far from its second myriad tribulation.


 That was to say, forget about all the other dao marks in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, just in terms of transformation path dao marks alone, it had more than a hundred thousand!


 And Fang Yuan himself already had nearly a hundred thousand transformation path dao marks! He originally had fifty thousand, but he killed many Heavenly Court rank seven experts in the River of Time, he annexed a lot of blessed lands and gained a lot of dao marks from various paths.


 Thus, after annexing Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, his transformation path dao marks reached two hundred thousand!


 This number was terrifying.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals who cultivate transformation path would need to pass two myriad tribulations in order to obtain so many transformation path dao marks.


 Bo Qing was a rank eight Gu Immortal who had passed two myriad tribulations, Duke Long was too.


 When Fang Yuan transforms into the immemorial year monkey, these transformation path dao marks would turn into time path dao marks.


 Don’t forget, after annexing Xia Cha’s grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan had seventy thousand time path dao marks. In the River of Time, he killed the three Xunzi and annexed their immortal apertures, his time path dao marks surpassed a hundred thousand.


 Two hundred thousand added with a hundred thousand, after becoming an immemorial year monkey, Fang Yuan would have a total of three hundred thousand time path dao marks!


 What did that imply?


 If a rank eight Gu Immortal cultivated time path without any special fortuitous encounters, they would need to pass a third myriad tribulation.


 But after passing a myriad tribulation, they would be a rank nine venerable.


 Of course, rank nine Gu Venerables would definitely have more than three hundred thousand dao marks, this was just a starting point.


 Even so, in terms of time path dao marks, Fang Yuan had reached pseudo-Immortal Venerable level. Along with his rank eight time path Immortal Gu and many useful rank eight time path killer moves, his battle strength was to the extent of peak rank eight.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan fought against Li Huang, he used Luo Po seal and could not break through Luo Po seal’s verdant sun flame cloak. But now, Fang Yuan became the immemorial year monkey, he was looking forward to the clash between spring scissors and verdant sun flame cloak!


 “But against Duke Long, it will still be difficult.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was deep.


 There were many things that influenced battle strength, dao marks were one aspect, Immortal Gu were also another aspect, the immortal aperture’s foundation was another, and number of methods was also one.


 Fang Yuan did not lack dao marks. He had three time path Immortal Gu, it was just passable. But in terms of killer moves, he was too weak, even though he modified spring scissors killer move multiple times and raised its strength, the core was unchanged. He only had these few moves.


 As for Duke Long, Fang Yuan had witnessed his fight against Purple Mountain True Monarch, be it transformation path or qi path dao marks, he had at least three hundred thousand dao marks.


 1Duke Long also had more than three rank eight Immortal Gu for sure.


 Duke Long’s immortal killer moves were numerous and profound, especially moves like triple qi retraction, it was a divine technique that could not be guarded against.


 Because of all these elements, Duke Long had pseudo-Immortal Venerable battle strength!


 Pseudo-Immortal Venerable had the word ‘venerable’ in it, it was not easy to achieve.


 Precisely so, Duke Long was able to obtain Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace in front of all the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, this showed how powerful he was.


 Even though he got injured in the process.


 Pseudo-Immortal Venerable was still not an Immortal Venerable, the difference between the two was night and day.


 Fang Yuan did not lack confidence, he was filled with confidence in himself, but this was built upon his self-awareness!


 He knew very clearly how strong he really was.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was wary of Duke Long simply because his battle strength was not on par with the latter!


 “This human path people’s accusation killer move is getting stronger. Even though I have little understanding of human path, I can see that the situation is getting worse.”


 Fang Yuan frowned lightly.


 He had deep wisdom path attainment that even Fairy Zi Wei did not dare to underestimate. The emotions of wisdom path Gu Immortals were usually not without reason, they were mostly premonition.


 “I cannot resolve people’s accusation using emperor yama. The more times I show up in Central Continent and the longer I stay, the stronger this people’s accusation killer move becomes.”


 “But now, the real fight has not started yet, even though many incidents have occurred in Central Continent, they are just small scuffles.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan made up his mind: “Raising a troop just for a single battle, it is time to let them out!”


 In the battle against Zhou Xiong Xin earlier, Fang Yuan waited patiently but did not get to meet Duke Long.


 Now that the super immortal formation was destroyed, Fang Yuan had no confidence of facing Duke Long alone.


 To be honest, Duke Long’s refusal to show up was giving Fang Yuan immense pressure and threat, he had to conceal his traces and reduce the risks involved.


 “Next, I will let Bai Ning Bing and the rest cause havoc everywhere. I should try and lay low now, this great battle has just begun!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a cold light.


 TL Note: This chapter is speculation from Fang Yuan’s point of view and understanding, not necessarily established facts.



***
Chapter 1704 - Chaos in Central Continent


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent.


 There was an untroubled island floating in the sky, Carefree Island, this was the territory of Grand Pavilion Sect.


 A round of the Gu refinement competition was about to end.


 The three Gu Immortals defending Carefree Island also relaxed.


 One looked outside at the clouds as he stretched his body: “It is finally over, this is the most tiring experience I’ve ever had in guarding the Refinement Path Convention.”


 “Haha, that’s true. But there is no helping it, that demon Fang Yuan is too vicious, many people from other regions are also holding ill intent.”


 “After this mission is over, I will treat you guys to wine.”


 “Oh? Your nine flow wine is very famous, to think that I would get to taste it.”


 “Hahaha, it is an exaggeration.” The Gu Immortal who was praised quickly waved his hand but suddenly, his expression froze.


 “Guh!” He had a shocked expression as his body turned stiff, he fell down onto the ground, dead.


 “Be careful!”


 “Enemy attack! His soul has dissipated!”


 The remaining two rank seven Gu Immortals were shocked, they activated their defensive methods.


 Next, they saw that the Gu Masters in the competition fell one by one, they had all died.


 The two Gu Immortals staring with a furious expression as they watched, right when they were about to complete their mission, they were attacked.


 “They are so vicious, to be actually attacking mortal Gu Masters!”


 “Quickly come out, which demonic coward is it, you only dare to sneak attack?”


 The two Gu Immortals shouted.


 The competition grounds were in chaos, people continued to fall.


 “You want to see me?” A smile resounded: “I will grant you your wish.”


 Amidst his laughter, Ying Wu Xie appeared.


 “Demon, go and die!” The two Gu Immortals gritted their teeth, they moved and attacked.


 Ying Wu Xie stood on the spot without moving, he smiled as he looked at the two with a mocking gaze.


 The two Gu Immortals were still moving when their expressions suddenly changed, their speed fell drastically.


 “We... we are already hit?!”


 “But earlier...”


 “What move is this?”


 The two rank seven Gu Immortals fell on the ground, watching as Ying Wu Xie walked towards them.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled, keeping the three Gu Immortal corpses.


 “Lord sect leader wants your immortal apertures after all.”


 He gave a final glance at the competition ground, there was nobody standing anymore, it was a field of corpses.


 A moment later, Ying Wu Xie flew out of Carefree Island, the entire island was filled with dead silence, not a single living being remained.


 At the same time, at the upper stream of scale light river.


 Hei Lou Lan shouted: “Obstructing me with a mere immortal formation?”


 Before she finished her words, her aura surged and filled the world, radiating towards her surroundings, causing huge winds to gather and blow.


 Boom!


 An immortal formation was unleashed, the immortal formation that had its maximum defense put up was shattered.


 Puff puff puff.


 The Gu Immortals defending this place spat out blood as they suffered a backlash.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed sinisterly as strength path phantoms appeared around her, charging towards the Gu Immortals.


 1Hundred segment forest.


 Bai Ning Bing stepped on the snow as she walked slowly.


 The green and lush bamboo forest had been frozen entirely, it was like a bug trapped in amber, unable to move at all.


 The grassland was covered in thick snow, there was no vitality left.


 On the competition stage at the center of the bamboo forest, hundreds of mortal Gu Masters were frozen into statues, not a person survived.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie had been cultivating on the stone lotus island, after future self killer move was used on them, they could use their future self’s battle strength, they became elites among rank seven Gu Immortals, ordinary characters were not their match.


 Seeing this result, Fang Yuan was pleased. Having the help of future self, these three grew rapidly and had the qualifications to join this huge battle.


 “These three are geniuses with exemplary talent, once their battle strength rose, they immediately made other rank sevens look weak. Now, it will depend on Heavenly Court’s response.”


 Heavenly Court.


 After getting the new information, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned grim again.


 She commanded Heavenly Court and spent a huge price to collect time path immortal materials from treasure yellow heaven. In the end, she did not manage to restrict Fang Yuan’s growth, even his three subordinates had such great strength now.


 After the information got to Duke Long, he looked at the scene of the battle as bright light shined in his eyes, he was visibly moved.


 Fairy Zi Wei could not tell, but Duke Long knew at once.


 He was silent for a while before saying: “Fang Yuan! I actually underestimated you.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was confused: “Lord Duke Long, what do you mean?”


 “The reason why these three gained a huge burst in strength is because of killer move — Future Self.” Duke Long said in a deep tone.


 “Future self?”


 “This was created by my first disciple. Back then, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and lost his venerable cultivation level, to make up for this problem, he invented future self killer move.” Duke Long answered.


 2It was now Fairy Zi Wei’s turn to feel shocked.


 Her brows were tight, she was in disbelief: “I have already inspected Spectral Soul’s memories, the Red Lotus true inheritance that he obtained does not contain future self. This means that Fang Yuan already has one Red Lotus true inheritance? Otherwise, how could he obtain future self? The River of Time was clearly locked down by us.”


 Duke Long shook his head: “There is no point in discussing this anymore. It seems we need to pay close attention to Fang Yuan now, he might have some special methods in his possession...”


 Duke Long no longer looked down on Fang Yuan.


 Or rather, he did not dare to look down on Red Lotus Demon Venerable!


 At once, Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan felt a heavy emotion.


 The trauma that Red Lotus Demon Venerable created enveloped them again.


 But next, Fang Yuan vanished completely, only Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie attacked with countless victories, causing chaos in Central Continent.


 “What is Fang Yuan doing?”


 “Is he secretly saving up strength for a huge commotion?”


 Fang Yuan did not act, it made Heavenly Court feel terrible. This was the same feeling as facing a notched arrow, they were worried about when he would shoot.


 Fang Yuan was waiting.


 But Duke Long never showed up personally.


 “The situation is getting worse.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, feeling that the situation was bad.


 Duke Long did not show up, even though Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention met with lots of obstacles, regardless of sacrifices, it still continued.


 Especially when the competition was ongoing with fewer and fewer Gu Masters left, the number of locations also shrunk, Central Continent’s members were no longer as dispersed, the strength at each location grew evidently.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the rest had to work together now, if they were alone, they could not destroy the competition grounds.


 Longevity Heaven also did not show up in time for Fang Yuan.


 At the start of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, Bing Sai Chuan had contacted Fang Yuan, he wanted them to work together and destroy this Refinement Path Convention, to thwart Heavenly Court’s plans.


 But until now, Longevity Heaven had not responded.


 “Shadow Sect and I alone are not able to stop this competition, unless another strong force joins us!”


 Fang Yuan knew clearly.


 Even though Shadow Sect killed many and obstructed the progress of the convention, as long as Duke Long remained unmoved, this competition would still continue with firm determination.


 And because Duke Long remained unmoved, the other four regions’ Gu Immortals felt threatened, they did not dare to act.


 This was Duke Long’s wisdom.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to be the vanguard. Even though he seemed to be winning greatly, the truth was that the situation was still under Duke Long’s control.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective, Central Continent’s situation had not turned around.


 What should he do?


 After thinking over it for a long time, Fang Yuan decided to change his tactic, he stopped Bai Ning Bing and the rest from attacking competition locations, instead, they started to plunder resource points.


 Central Continent had abundant resources and even more resources in storage.


 For each location that Bai Ning Bing and the rest plundered, Fang Yuan would put up the video in treasure yellow heaven, for all other Gu Immortals to see.


 This tactic did not work well for the first few days, even though Bai Ning Bing and the rest had great gains, Fang Yuan was not happy.


 But days later, more chaos ensued.


 Northern Plains’ Sleeping Lady suddenly moved and attacked Combat Immortal Sect’s formation, plundering a resource point completely.


 Gu Immortals that resembled Xiao Hu Chi and Xiao Shi Rang attacked glass mountain range, completely emptying out the super force’s territory. The three Gu Immortals that were stationed there died.


 An immemorial immortal material that was en route to Immortal Crane Sect was attacked by a bunch of mysterious Gu Immortals midway, the immemorial immortal material was stolen.


 ...


 Several days passed, more and more chaos broke out, it was truly a scene of raging flames.


 All sorts of famous resource points were plundered, some were about to be robbed, Gu Immortals could be seen all over Central Continent, moving actively at every corner.


 “Hahaha, the people’s hearts are finally moved!” At a secret location, Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 His scheme was vicious, he made good use of others’ greed. If he incited forces or Gu Immortals to attack forcefully and destroy the Refinement Path Convention, they would be hesitant.


 But if he pushed them to attack and rob resource points, avoiding conflict with Heavenly Court in the process, it was hard for them to resist the temptation.


 At the same time, these resources obtained would tempt the Gu Immortals further, their greed and desire would be amplified as time passed.


 As for those Gu Immortals watching on the fence, how could they sit by and watch others plunder this many resources? Could they not feel anxious? After all, there was a finite amount of resources, if others got them first, they would not be able to obtain anything later.


 Fang Yuan changed his tactic and gained great results immediately.


 The whole of Central Continent fell into chaos, Western Desert, Southern Border, Eastern Sea, and Northern Plains Gu Immortals appeared consecutively, even lone and demonic immortals from Central Continent were also trying their luck.


 “Fang Yuan... I want you to die a terrible death!” Fairy Zi Wei gritted her teeth in anger.


 Duke Long sighed deeply: “People’s hearts are not longer as they used to be.”


 3Even so, Duke Long did not give up his plan, he continued to push for the Refinement Path Convention’s progress.


 Those competition locations were heavily guarded by many Gu Immortals.


 It was because Heavenly Court gathered their forces around here that their resource points were relatively weaker now, people could plunder them easily.


 It could be said that Fang Yuan’s change of plans had been tailored to Duke Long’s own tactic, it was a direct counter.


 Duke Long’s determination did not waver, even though Central Continent was a complete mess, he still defended the Refinement Path Convention.


 His tactic had Fang Yuan grit his teeth, there was nothing he could do.


 Duke Long refused to react to any of the interferences, it forced Fang Yuan to attack. But Fang Yuan would not act rashly, because he knew that he was not Heavenly Court’s match, and right now, other forces had not entered the battle yet, if he acted too quickly, he would just end up as their stepping stone.


 COMMENT


 Thus, Fang Yuan continued to wait silently.



***
Chapter 1705 - Peoples United Hearts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, earth qi rock forest.


 Poof poof poof...


 A huge gush of earth qi surged out from the cave below the rock forest.


 Rock pillars were erected one by one, some were small as bamboos while others were as large as ancient trees.


 Western Desert earth path Gu Immortal Shi Gan Dang assessed the earth qi rock forest from afar, having a complex expression.


 This earth qi rock forest produced a vast amount of earth path cultivation resources, one of which was round kun stone, it was something that Shi Gan Dang desperately needed.


 It was a pity that this round kun stone had never been sold in large numbers before in treasure yellow heaven. Because this was the territory of one of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, they needed this round kun stone themselves.


 “In treasure yellow heaven, I had to raise the prices but the Gu Immortals still refused to sell it, they even made fun of me. Hehe, now now I can destroy this place and take all of the round kun stone away, I will be taking revenge!”


 Shi Gan Dang breathed in deeply, his aura surged as he charged towards the clouds.


 Immortal killer move — Heavenly Descending Triple Mountains!


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Three mountains crashed down from the sky, landing on the formation protecting the rock forest. A large amount of trees were directly crushed by these huge mountains.


 Shi Gan Dang did not feel pity at all, he took several deep breaths as he ran around the area with a pale face, he kept all of the immortal materials in this forest including round kun stones in his immortal aperture.


 Central Continent, spirit bank spring.


 “Which rat dares to come after this place? I have already discovered you, why don’t you show yourself?” The one guarding this place was an expert rank seven Gu Immortal from Ancient Soul Sect — Yang Feng.


 He had broad shoulders and a thin waist, his spine was straight as a spear, his body was emanating a strong manly aura.


 He had long green hair that stood right up, looking like it was piercing the heavens. His black pupils carried sharp piercing light in them, people could not look at him in the eye.


 He wore a martial uniform and there was a brown belt around his waist, his wrists were also protected by two jade braces.


 Spirit bank spring was not an ordinary resource, it was quite unique, Ancient Soul Sect sent Yang Feng here because they did not want to lose it.


 Yang Feng shouted, a Gu Immortal slowly walked out.


 He was an old man with a hunched back, he slowly walked while holding a cane.


 Yang Feng snorted: “Old man, you are already so old, you should treasure your remaining days. Why are you courting death now?”


 The old Gu Immortal chuckled: “I can’t help it, I need some spirit bank spring water.”


 Yang Feng snorted coldly: “There is not even enough spring water for our Ancient Soul Sect’s own supreme elders, how can we give you any?”


 The old Gu Immortal sighed deeply: “In that case, I can only snatch some for myself.”


 Yang Feng raised his head and laughed loudly: “Old man, you are quite daring, you have the guts to fight me! Tell me, what is your name!”


 The old Gu Immortal smiled as he said with deep meaning: “I have long forgotten about my name. But others like to call me Forgotten Daoist.”


 “You are Forgotten Daoist?!” Yang Feng’s body shook, deep shock was expressed in his eyes.


 Next, his expression became dazed as he asked: “Wait, what was your name?”


 The old man was silent and did not move, he only smiled at Yang Feng.


 Yang Feng was dazed as he frowned while looking at the old Gu Immortal: “Who are you? Why are you here?”


 A moment later, after Forgotten Daoist took away the spirit bank spring water, Yang Feng watched as he left, before reacting: “Who are you? You are acting so suspicious, stand right there!”


 After Forgotten Daoist vanished, Yang Feng looked at the dried spirit spring as he said with deep anger, shock, and suspicion: “Damn it, who stole the spirit bank spring water? I guarded it so deeply, how did anyone even steal it?!”


 1“Oh no, I need to report to the sect.” But at the next moment, Yang Feng was dazed again: “What am I doing here?”


 “Oh right, I took a mission to defend this spirit bank spring, I cannot let outsiders in!”


 “Hmph, with me around, I want to see who dares to come here and court death.”


 3Central Continent, within a mountain range.


 A huge battle ended, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals from the ten great sects left with deep hatred: “You better remember this!”


 “Scram, loser.” Xiao Hu Chi laughed coldly, turning to look at the person beside him with a cold gaze.


 Beside him was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal.


 He was so thin his bones could be seen, his skin was wrinkled and dry, sticking close to his bones. Veins could be seen on his skin, they were everywhere.


 He was Northern Plains’ demonic path rank seven Gu Immortal — Pi Shui Han.


 Not long ago, Xiao Hu Chi and him both went after this resource, they collaborated and forced the Central Continent Gu Immortal who was guarding this place away.


 Only the two of them were left, the atmosphere became very peculiar.


 “Friend, how should we split the resources?” Xiao Hu Chi pretended to be polite.


 Pi Shui Han snorted coldly, he said without hesitation: “You can also scram now.”


 Xiao Hu Chi was dazed before laughing from anger: “I am a rank seven expert of Western Desert’s Xiao clan, who are you, you are truly shortsighted but your nature is very arrogant.”


 “You talk a lot of crap.” Pi Shui Han had a look of disdain, he directly attacked Xiao Hu Chi.


 Xiao Hu Chi’s expression sank but he also attacked Pi Shui Han without any fear.


 The two fought for over ten rounds, Xiao Hu Chi was slowly losing the edge, but at this moment, Xiao Shi Rang appeared from the horizon.


 Xiao Hu Chi was overjoyed, he joined up with Xiao Shi Rang and fought Pi Shui Han together.


 But after a moment, Xiao Shi Rang and Xiao Hu Chi were forced to retreat, they left with deep anger.


 “Who is this person? For just this little amount of cultivation resources, he is fighting as if his life depends on it?” Xiao Hu Chi gritted his teeth, he was also a courageous person, a general of Western Desert’s super force Xiao clan, but in battle, he saw how crazy Pi Shui Han acted, he was completely suppressed.


 “If I am not wrong, he is Northern Plains’ demonic path Gu Immortal Pi Shui Han.” Xiao Shi Rang said plainly.


 Xiao Hu Chi was dazed: “So it was a Northern Plains brute! No wonder... forget it, Central Continent has so many resources, we do not need to compete with such maniacs.”


 Time passed, earth vein tremors occurred, the five regions’ regional walls continued to dissolve.


 The fusion of earth veins caused much less commotion in Central Continent than the Gu Immortals that were going around plundering resources.


 The huge Central Continent was originally filled with beautiful mountains and rivers, but now, it was filled with fire and smoke.


 People like Forgotten Daoist who only took resources were still fine. But when most Gu Immortals acted, they would be like Shi Gan Dang, directly destroying the resource points, they were very vicious.


 Several days later.


 Heavenly Court.


 “Okay, we have accumulated enough human will now.” In the hall, Old Man Zheng Yuan spoke.


 Fairy Zi Wei heard this and let out a sigh of relief, she became quite energetic again.


 These days, bad news had been reaching her one by one, Central Continent suffered huge losses everywhere, Fairy Zi Wei felt immense pressure weighing on her.


 “Oh? Then use it now, Zheng Yuan.” Duke Long said with a plain expression.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan nodded, he stood up shakily as a grand and vast aura surged out of his body!


 Immortal killer move — People’s United Hearts!


 The accumulated human will was expended rapidly, almost none was left.


 At the same time, the entire Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, Gu Masters and even mortals became enveloped in a halo of light.


 The halo flashed for a moment, it was like an illusion.


 But Central Continent’s people soon found something special.


 “What is the meaning of this?”


 “Such a mystical feeling!”


 “I seem to be connected with the people around me, I can sense what they are feeling directly?!”


 After the initial shock, people soon found out the profundity of people’s united hearts, it could connect everyone’s hearts together and allow them to feel each other’s emotions.


 The fear of being attacked, the sadness and hatred of having friends and family die, the worry towards one’s own life, and the aspirations towards one’s future...


 Never had Central Continent’s people been so tightly connected before in history.


 “Who are you? Why do you hold such animosity towards us?!” At a competition location, a Northern Plains Gu Immortal was suddenly exposed.


 He was like a torch in the darkness, his true feelings could not be concealed, everyone found out about him.


 He had a handsome face and wore a white robe, he was thin and had a scholarly aura.


 It was Northern Plains’ rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal — Unfettered Scholar!


 “Such an amazing human path killer move! Even though I concealed myself, I was exposed!” Unfettered Scholar suppressed his shock as he smiled viciously towards the people around him.


 There were multiple rank seven experts guarding this place, they surrounded Unfettered Scholar tightly.


 “You disguised yourself to attend the refinement convention, you must be after the success dao mark? Leave, if you leave now, we will not find trouble with you.” The Gu Immortal leader said.


 Unfettered Scholar laughed, saying to the leader: “So you really were here, I did not come in vain.” He said so with deep killing intent.


 The Gu Immortal leader was confused: “Who are you? Do we have any grudges?”


 “Hmph, so you forgot already. I have not forgotten it! Back then, you exterminated my clan, today, as the last person remaining, I will take your life!” Unfettered Scholar burst out with his killer move, it was his signature method — Thousand Disintegrations.


 An hour later, Unfettered Scholar left with an injured body, he flew into the sky while laughing and shedding tears of joy.


 Nobody in the competition ground was left alive.


 At another competition ground.


 “Friend, please show yourself.” The defending Gu Immortal spoke politely and warmly.


 “Found me huh...” Southern Border secluded immortal Zheng Qing shook his head as he walked out of the square.


 “I have no ill intentions, I just want to experience the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention. After all... this is likely the final one.” Zheng Qing smiled bitterly.


 He was a secluded cultivator in Southern Border, he had obtained a Genesis Lotus true inheritance by chance, he did not hold much animosity towards Central Continent.


 The defending Gu Immortal nodded: “Through people’s united hearts, we can sense your intentions. It is a pity that you cannot continue with this competition anymore.”


 “I understand.”


 “If you don’t mind, you can stay here and we can interact with each other.”


 “It’s fine.” Zheng Qing shook his head, leaving quietly.


 Some people wreaked havoc, some left peacefully, but no matter what, people’s united hearts was very profound, it allowed them to discern who were the enemies.


 The unstable elements hidden in the competition were eliminated, Central Continent no longer had any internal threats.


 Duke Long affirmed his tactic, as he continued to press forward with it, the finals of this Refinement Path Convention started at long last.


 “This is the final chance, why is nobody acting? What are they waiting for!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he could not help but watch as Heavenly Court got closer to success.


 But Longevity Heaven did not respond.


 “It is time, let’s move out!” At a certain corner of Central Continent, Wu Yong suddenly appeared.


 Behind him were many Southern Alliance Gu Immortals.


 Wu Yong looked around as he said: “Everyone, I do not need to explain the situation. We cannot let fate Gu be fully restored, otherwise, Heavenly Court’s advantage would be too huge!”


 “Follow me, let us destroy Infallible blessed land, let’s take all the success dao marks and make Heavenly Court taste failure!”


 “We will follow Lord Alliance Leader!!” The Southern Alliance immortals said together, they had high morale.



***
Chapter 1706 - Southern Immortals’ Aspirations


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh no, Wu Yong is leading a band of Southern Border Gu Immortals, they suddenly appeared near Infallible blessed land!” In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression suddenly turned to shock.


 “Oh? They finally showed up.” Duke Long said plainly, he still sat in his seat without any change of expression.


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply, she frowned deeply, feeling a different kind of pressure.


 Because Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were very united in this expedition, they were different from those Gu Immortals from the other four regions that caused chaos. And most importantly, they targeted an important place, it was Infallible blessed land!


 If Infallible blessed land fell, it would be a disaster to Heavenly Court. The huge price they paid to forcibly hold the Refinement Path Convention would be wasted as Southern Border’s immortals intercept and steal their gains.


 “Don’t be flustered. We already expected Infallible blessed land’s location to be leaked, for this reason, we have already set up a super immortal formation nearby. Right now, the initiative is in our hands, everything will progress smoothly.” Duke Long instructed.


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded respectfully, she used her method as the scene of Infallible blessed land showed up in the hall.


 Next, she hesitated before transmitting to Wu Yong: “Wu Yong, don’t forget that we had cooperated last time. If you want to continue being the Southern Border Alliance Leader, you should know what to do.”


 Wu Yong received news and snickered, he felt a sense of disdain in his heart: “The great Zi Wei, even as a wisdom path great expert, is nothing much in the end.”


 He did not even bother to reply to Fairy Zi Wei.


 His entire concentration was placed on his killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Wind!


 A dark green wind started to blow, sweeping everywhere.


 Soon, the wind grew to become a huge tornado pillar, it charged forward with a thunderous roar, along the way, trees were uprooted, rocks were sent flying, it was truly unstoppable with unparalleled might!


 Seeing that the wind was approaching with great power, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals defending the area sighed as they activated the super immortal formation.


 Creak creak.


 The halo created by the immortal formation was constantly eroded by the unlimited wind, it soon made creaking sounds, it was sharp and piercing.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals used the methods inside the immortal formation, but any move that tried to weaken unlimited wind showed little effect.


 “It is useless, I have never used this move easily before because it would expend ten thousand of my wind path dao marks. But after paying this price, this wind is long lasting and can only be resisted by specific techniques.” Wu Yong spoke, his expression was plain but his eyes flickered with a sharp and cold light.


 “Such determination, such will...” Seeing this, Fairy Zi Wei who was inside Heavenly Court sighed from the bottom of her heart.


 Wu Yong paid such a huge price to use unlimited wind, it showed his unwavering determination, nothing could change his mind.


 Wu Yong had an ordinary appearance of a middle aged man, he had a strong body and sharp eyebrows, giving him a dark and hazy aura. Right now, he was standing in front of the immortals, he stood tall and proud, being a leader that had great disposition.


 Fairy Zi Wei memorized his appearance in her heart, she realized that she had underestimated him.


 Southern Border’s Wu Yong!


 A truly formidable person!


 He had Wu clan’s bravery and courage, but he was also able to control his own emotions and conceal them deeply. When Wu Du Xiu was around, he kept a low profile and reputation, even Wu Du Xiu underestimated him, only on her deathbed did she realize that her son had such methods.


 When he first took her position, Southern Border was in chaos, other clans pressured Wu clan and they lost a lot of territory. Using his strength and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Wu Yong turned the situation around.


 After the battle of the dream realm, Wu Yong took a risk and worked with Heavenly Court, he took back the Immortal Gu of the Southern Border immortals, he returned all these Immortal Gu and that action gave him great reputation!


 In the Five Regional Mountain Range, he wanted to kill Fang Yuan but failed time and again. After that, even though Lu Wei Yin had the title of Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he could not take down Wu Yong, he still remained as the Alliance Leader of the Southern Alliance.


 Right now, Heavenly Court was at a crucial moment in restoring fate Gu, Wu Yong led all the Southern Alliance elites in this battle, he disregarded Fairy Zi Wei’s threat.


 Because he knew what the big picture was!


 They could not allow Heavenly Court to obtain the complete fate Immortal Gu once more!!


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Unlimited wind continued to attack, eroding the formation, the defending Heavenly Court Gu Immortals tried all ways to stop it but they failed. This move was too powerful, it was Wu Yong’s trump card, this was the first time he had used it. Not just Heavenly Court, even when Southern Border’s Gu Immortals saw it, they were shocked and under their joyful expressions were wariness and fear.


 Soon, a hole opened in the formation as Wu Yong waved: “Everyone, now is the time to risk your lives, charge in with me and kill!”


 Southern Border’s immortals entered as the defending Heavenly Court Gu Immortals became nervous: “They’re in, quick, activate the second layer formation!”


 Southern Border’s immortals felt that the scenery changed, jade blue light appeared and turned into countless flying pink flowers, they flew rapidly and rotated all over the place, enveloping the Southern Border immortals.


 A rank seven Gu Immortal stood up, he had a halberd-like beard, he was heroic and brave, his name was Tie Gan Ge, a pillar of support for Tie clan.


 He had peak rank seven battle strength, against such a strong force, he felt no fear, he shouted loudly as golden light flickered on his body, a dense number of golden halberds formed.


 “Go.” Countless halberds rained down furiously and crashed into the torrent of flying flowers.


 As they collided, the flying flowers and golden halberd both disintegrated into powder and fragments.


 The formation’s attack was rank eight level, but Tie Gan Ge actually held up against it, he did not fall into a disadvantage.


 Formation path great expert rank eight Gu Immortal Chi Qu You was standing beside him, trying to deduce the weakness of this formation. In this attack, Chi Qu You was bound to be the most useful person.


 A few breaths of time later, the golden halberds were slowly suppressed by the endless flowers, rank seven Gu Immortal Shang Que stood out.


 He stretched out his palm as a bloody hole opened up, the strong suction force absorbed many flowers.


 Yi Hei Ting growled, blue lightning sparks appeared on his body as he helped Tie Gan Ge with the situation.


 Meanwhile, rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal Xia Liu Pei stood behind Chi Qu You, placing his palm on Chi Qu You’s back, using wisdom path methods to help accelerate his deduction speed.


 After a while, Chi Qu You acted!


 Professionals were specialized in different fields, using his methods, the formation became slow, the weaknesses that were exposed were evident even to Gu Immortals not in formation path.


 Boom boom boom!


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals did not intend to hold back, they immediately attacked with many powerful killer moves, destroying the second formation.


 Southern Border’s immortals progressed into the third formation.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were deeply shocked!


 “With friend Chi here, what formation can stop us?” Wu Yong laughed loudly.


 The remaining immortals had high morales.


 Chi Qu You smiled bitterly: “My deduction method cannot be used easily, it expends my lifespan. But in this battle, I cannot hold back!”


 Southern Border’s immortals shook.


 Wu Yong could not help but look at Chi Qu You, both could see each other’s determination!


 But soon, Chi Qu You started frowning: “I do not need to deduce this third formation, it is very simple and easy, the formation core is that largest tree at the center of the forest.”


 The formation was easily understood, Heavenly Court purposely did this, it was very difficult to destroy.


 Because this forest was very special, it could eliminate the power of any killer move.


 Each tree was made of holy burial wood, the most central formation core was immemorial desolate plant level.


 If Southern Border’s immortals wanted to destroy these trees, they would need to use their physical bodies. However, there were countless vines on these trees, they were not simple. Some were green dragon vines, some were lightning vines, and some were chainsaw heart vines.


 The third formation was made using the dao marks of this forest. To destroy this formation, attacking other areas was useless, they had to destroy this holy burial forest.


 Southern Border’s immortals thought about it, they released the ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts in their immortal apertures.


 The beast groups charged into the forest and attacked the vines, blood splattered all over. A while later, half of the beasts were sacrificed, the remaining were dazed in the forest, while the last portion fought among themselves.


 Southern Border’s immortals had grim expressions.


 “So this place also has seven star internal conflict grass, it makes these ancient desolate beasts fight each other.”


 “Even though immemorial desolate beasts are unaffected, they are obstructed by this beast digesting rotten qi.”


 This beast digesting rotten qi had dense poison path dao marks, it did not affect desolate plants, variant humans, or pure humans. It only affected wild beasts, it could make immemorial desolate beasts turn thin, their skin and internal organs would dissolve.


 Southern Border’s immortals failed in their attempts, Wu Yong was about to take out his Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building when someone stood up.


 “Let me try.”


 The immortals looked over, this Gu Immortal had a bald head, he had muscular shoulders and body, it was Ba clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal Ba Xiong!


 “Even though I am not a strength path Gu Immortal, I cultivate transformation path, let me charge in and destroy the holy burial wood.”


 “However, I only have peak rank seven battle strength, I would like Lord Yi Hao Fang to support me.” Ba Xiong said expressionlessly.


 The immortals were slightly moved.


 Ba Xiong only had peak rank seven battle strength, he was not a rank eight Gu Immortal, yet he was willing to take a risk that would kill him with any slight carelessness.


 Yi Hao Fang looked towards Ba clan’s first supreme elder Ba Shi Ba, seeing that the latter nodded, he used his method on Ba Xiong.


 His reinforcement method was not just famous in Southern Border, it was renowned in the world, Ba Xiong immediately felt an unparalleled strength flowing in his body.


 He flew out and used his killer move, turning into a giant as he charged rapidly towards the center.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were naturally not going to ignore him, they started to attack him.


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals quickly helped to assist Ba Xiong’s advancement.


 Eventually, Ba Xiong was bathed in blood, his skin was torn and countless wounds could be seen as his bones became exposed, he had exerted himself in destroying the central holy burial wood at long last.


 In just a few minutes, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had broken three formations!


 “Next, it will depend on the rest of you.” Ba Xiong was heavily injured, he had lost his strength to continue in this fight.


 “Friend, you were courageous and fought a dangerous battle, no matter how this battle ends up, you will gain huge merits in our Southern Alliance, we will definitely reward you handsomely when we return!” Wu Yong said with certainty.


 Ba Xiong smiled lightly: “I risked my life because I was moved by Lords Wu Yong and Chi Qu You, Heavenly Court had already gone overboard many times when they invaded our Southern Border, if they truly repaired fate Gu, what would we do?”


 “That is exactly right.” Wu Yong nodded.


 He looked at the immortals around him, his confidence surged to ten times that of earlier!


 Central Continent had people’s united hearts, while Southern Border’s immortals were unified in their objective, with such a grand force, what fortress could they not take down?



***
Chapter 1707 - Heavenly Court’s Crisis


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hidden Dragon Cave, grand formation.


 Myriad dragons flew around, encircling Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortal Song Qi Yuan like a huge ball made of dragons.


 “These ancient poison dragons are clearly made from the formation’s power, yet they are so agile and act as if they are real!” Song Qi Yuan defended himself as he pondered.


 He wanted to kill these ancient poison dragons, there was no issue with that, but even if he got rid of them, there were other obstacles awaiting him.


 The tens of thousands of ancient poison dragons were formed using the formation’s power, Song Qi Yuan had to destroy this formation to target their root source. Otherwise, even if he killed the ancient poison dragons, he would not be able to break out of the formation.


 “It is a pity my formation path attainment is too low, even until now, I have not found any flaws.” Song Qi Yuan gritted his teeth.


 Immortal killer move — Perfect Round Light.


 He used his defensive method as his body became shielded by a ball-shaped yellow barrier.


 Regardless of how ferocious the ancient poison dragons were, they could not break this thin light barrier.


 From this, one could see how deep Song Qi Yuan’s light path foundation was. Unfortunately, his opponent was this super formation, he needed formation path understanding instead.


 There were many Gu Master paths, like earlier when Fang Yuan was countered by Heavenly Court’s human path and information path methods, Song Qi Yuan was also countered by formation path.


 Even though rank eight Gu Immortals could usually mimic other paths, and Song Qi Yuan could use light path to mimic the effects of formation path, he was facing against a super immortal formation that Heavenly Court had paid a huge price to create, it was the grand formation that could seal legendary immemorial desolate beast Di Zang Sheng!


 Song Qi Yuan, who could not find any flaws, could only defend himself while waiting for a chance to appear.


 Inside the formation’s control area, Old Man Bei Feng manipulated the super immortal formation as he observed the situation of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 A young looking rank six Gu Immortal was beside him, it was Old Man Bei Feng’s grandson Feng Chan Zi.


 Feng Chan Zi looked at the images as he cheered: “Grandfather, this is great! These rank eight Gu Immortals are all trapped and unable to escape. We have made a huge contribution, we can definitely atone for our mistake and leave this cursed place. Grandfather, you can also become a true member of Heavenly Court!”


 1Old Man Bei Feng shook his head, he had a solemn gaze: “Grandson, you are not clear of the true situation. These rank eight Gu Immortals have not exhausted their means, most of them are unharmed. They are unable to break the essence of this formation so they chose to observe for now, waiting for reinforcements. Once they find any flaw, they would attack with unparalleled and shocking might.”


 Feng Chan Zi was stunned and frightened: “Then, then what do we do? Grandfather, didn’t we seek reinforcements long ago? Why have Heavenly Court’s reinforcements not arrived yet?”


 Old Man Bei Feng was silent for a moment before he said: “How can we know what Heavenly Court is planning? We can only guard this place to the best of our abilities now.”


 After Old Man Bei Feng said that, the formation started to shake.


 “What is going on? A rank eight Gu Immortal found out a flaw of the formation?” Feng Chan Zi was shocked.


 “No, it is that Evil Dragon!” Old Man Bei Feng’s expression turned pale all of a sudden.


 Hidden Dragon Cave, it was renowned for sealing Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng. Right now, Di Zang Sheng was struggling, it wanted to get up, Old Man Bei Feng could not help but resist bitterly.


 Di Zang Sheng was not ordinary, it was created from endless hatred, anger, and grudges, all these negative emotions in Central Continent’s earth veins.


 1It was originally sealed and constantly struggled, if it succeeded, there would be a huge earthquake.


 Old Man Bei Feng was guarding it, one of the reasons was to stop the Evil Dragon from causing huge earthquakes in Central Continent.


 But now, Fang Yuan and the other regions’ Gu Immortals rampaged in Central Continent, attacking countless lifeforms, a vast amount of grudges, hatred, and fear were generated.


 Di Zang Sheng absorbed these emotions and gained a huge boost in strength.


 When the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals attacked the formation, it was already alerted.


 The crafty Di Zang Sheng held its patience and gathered strength, by causing a scene now, Old Man Bei Feng was caught off-guard.


 Old Man Bei Feng quickly reacted and tried to use the formation’s power to suppress Di Zang Sheng.


 “After that old man Duke Long used this formation, it weakened by thirty percent. Right now, my strength has secretly risen by at least fifty percent, Old Man Bei Feng, if you escape now, you might survive. Otherwise, when I destroy this formation, I will tear your corpse to pieces!” Di Zang Sheng roared, its voice was thunderous and caused tremors in this huge Earth Trench.


 “Don’t even think about it!” Old Man Bei Feng had a grim expression but his determination did not waver.


 “I found a flaw!” In a formation space, Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Yue An stared with opened eyes as his aura burst out like a volcano.


 Immortal killer move — Mountain Suppression!


 Bam.


 A huge phantom mountain appeared out of nowhere, it struck towards the formation’s loophole while creating loud sounds resembling wind and thunder.


 Hidden Dragon Cave’s super immortal formation had already reached its limits facing Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals and Di Zang Sheng, now that Qing Yue An attacked it, it was like a broken bowstring.


 Puff!


 The formation collapsed, Old Man Bei Feng suffered a backlash and spat out mouthfuls of blood, his face turned pale as paper and he was on the brink of death.


 Crack...


 Sounds of glass cracking could be heard, a huge portion of the immortal formation was destroyed, only the control area was left, it was still pitifully defending the final bit of territory.


 Eastern Sea’s immortals felt their vision shifting as they were all released.


 “I can sense it, the rank eight Immortal Gu House is outside the immortal formation’s core!” Shen Cong Sheng’s eyes shined with bright light.


 “Charge!” Song Qi Yuan laughed loudly as he moved.


 Qing Yue An stayed behind to heal himself, he had suffered injuries in trying to destroy the formation. He was not a formation path Gu Immortal, he could not resolve it through formation path means, he had used brute force instead.


 Di Zang Sheng roared in excitement, its voice was loud as thunder, it made all the Eastern Sea immortals’ expressions change.


 “Quick, destroy the control area!”


 “I am about to regain freedom, hahaha!”


 “Old man Duke Long, after I get out, I will tear apart your tendons and eat you piece by piece!”


 Di Zang Sheng’s voice was filled with hatred and rage, it sent a chill down all of the immortals’ spines.


 “Grandfather, grandfather, you must hang on!” In the tattered formation control area, Feng Chan Zi cried as he held onto Old Man Bei Feng. He shuddered as he screamed: “Why have Heavenly Court’s reinforcements not arrived yet?!”


 Old Man Bei Feng was still spitting out blood, there was a pool of blood beneath him now.


 Both of them fell into a desperate situation.


 Central Continent, Emperor City.


 This huge city was made of Gu worms, it was known as the number one mortal Gu House in the world.


 At the same time, it was also the largest mortal gathering spot in the whole of Central Continent.


 The finals of Central Continent Refinement Path Convention would be held here.


 Fang Yuan was high in the sky, covered by layers of auspicious clouds, this was a luck path method meant to conceal his traces.


 Other than that, there were more than ten immortal methods used by Fang Yuan on himself, he could barely defend against the investigative power of people’s accusation.


 He did not have human path methods after all, this effect was already satisfactory.


 Right now, his gaze was focused on Emperor City.


 “Nobody else has acted yet?”


 “Longevity Heaven has yet to respond, damn it!”


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 He did not know that Southern Border’s immortals were already attacking Infallible blessed land with great morale. Meanwhile, in Hidden Dragon Cave, Eastern Sea’s immortals had also broken the formation, only the core was left.


 “I cannot let Heavenly Court repair fate Gu fully. I will destroy this Emperor City and kill all of the Gu Masters that are in this final competition!”


 Fang Yuan ordered, an Immortal Gu House crashed down like a meteor.


 The Immortal Gu House contained Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, Ying Wu Xie, and Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. It could be said to contain almost all of Fang Yuan’s subordinates now!


 “Who dares to attack us, I will kill all of you!” Li Huang’s voice resounded, he was the rank eight expert tasked to guard this place!


 As he said that, Immortal Gu Houses started to appear, revolving around Emperor City like planets moving around the sun.


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself: “My Immortal Gu House was made using Bai Xiang grotto-heaven’s Thirty-three Heavenly Halls, along with the place where the killer move heaven form was stored, I also added in some Gu worms to barely assemble it, it is likely not the match of these Immortal Gu Houses!”


 Even so, Fang Yuan did not ask them to retreat.


 He had expected this situation, but there was no choice, time was tight, he had to do something!


 Fang Yuan made up his mind, when Bai Ning Bing and the rest are unable to continue, he would show up personally.


 As expected, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were attacked by many Immortal Gu Houses, they were suppressed from the start of the battle.


 Heavenly Court placed a huge line of defense here, it was simply ridiculous.


 A moment later, the Immortal Gu House that Bai Ning Bing and the rest were in became extremely damaged, they were soon to be defeated.


 Fang Yuan sighed, he was about to enter the battle when his expression froze, he looked towards another direction.


 Several rank eight Gu Immortals appeared, they were followed by several Immortal Gu Houses.


 “These are Western Desert’s rank eight Gu Immortals, and the Immortal Gu Houses of super forces!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he showed joy on his face.


 Heavenly Court.


 “Western Desert and Southern Border’s main forces have arrived.” Fairy Zi Wei sighed: “Actually, if not for the fusion of earth veins, the regional walls would still be thick, our Heavenly Court will definitely not face a coordinated attack of this degree!”


 She was right.


 Precisely because the great era was impending, the five regions were becoming one as the regional walls vanished, these four other regions felt a strong sense of threat.


 Central Continent had the greatest strength, this was publicly recognized since ancient times.


 Right now, Heavenly Court wanted to repair fate Immortal Gu, this was adding fuel to the fire, the other four regions’ Gu Immortals had to stop them.


 “The strongest group has not arrived yet.” Duke Long said plainly.


 “Yes.” Fairy Zi Wei frowned: “Only several people from Northern Plains have arrived, their main force has not shown up at all. Fang Yuan is also not present, considering the battle in the River of Time earlier, he might likely join forces with Bing Sai Chuan again!”


 Saying so, Fairy Zi Wei gritted her teeth: “Let me deduce with all of my strength again.”


 Duke Long was about to nod when his expression suddenly changed, he looked afar: “No need, they have arrived.”


 At the next moment, Fairy Zi Wei looked with deep anger as a rainbow fog appeared in the sky of Heavenly Court, rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar burst out of it.


 2“These Northern Plains brutes! They, they are too daring, how dare they attack my Heavenly Court directly?!” Fairy Zi Wei was so angry her body was shaking.


 1Old Man Zheng Yuan who was at the side became speechless.


 Duke Long laughed loudly, standing up: “Indeed, this is the character of Northern Plainsmen.”



***
Chapter 1708 - Emperor City Battlefield


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Emperor City.


 “This is the Immortal Gu House that master told me about?” Ye Fan had made it to the finals competition, he looked at the sky with deep shock.


 The other participating Gu Masters were mostly the same.


 “These Immortal Gu Houses are usually the foundation of a super force, to think that so many would appear. I’m afraid that even after the regional walls vanish and the earth veins become one, during the five regions chaotic war, there would not be such a battle.” Ye Fan had a realization.


 2At this time, a voice sounded beside Ye Fan: “Brother Ye, we can finally compete this time and determine the winner!”


 Ye Fan diverted his gaze as he smiled and thought: “Master ordered me to join this Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, to think that I would meet such a talented person. Even if I lose in the competition later, it would be a great experience. This sworn brother is my greatest gain!”


 Friends are often made after a fight, Hong Yi and Ye Fan had emerged victorious in the previous few rounds, they naturally became acquainted.


 After some conversations, both developed a bond with each other, after a drinking competition, they decided to become sworn brothers.


 Hong Yi continued: “This Refinement Path Convention is unprecedented, let those Gu Immortals fight in the sky, we have our own business to attend to.”


 “Thank you for the concern Brother Yi, I understand.” Ye Fan knew about Hong Yi’s kind intentions, he expressed his gratitude before concentrating on the final competition.


 Outside Emperor City, Central Continent had many Immortal Gu Houses of varying ranks, they were distributed around Emperor City, surrounding it and forming a three layered defense line.


 Outside the defense lines, there were many Western Desert rank eight experts and Immortal Gu Houses.


 Other than that was the one controlled by Bai Ning Bing and the rest, Fang Yuan had not even named this Immortal Gu House that he assembled in a rush.


 Fang Yuan originally wanted to show up, but after Western Desert’s Gu Immortals appeared, he decided to stay hidden again.


 Western Desert’s Gu Immortals flew down along the Immortal Gu Houses, they continued to shorten their distance, causing huge pressure to form on Central Continent’s side.


 Even Li Huang who was commanding the situation felt a little pressured.


 Even he who had great battle experience had not participated in a battle of such a huge scale.


 Li Huang had participated in many chaotic battles involving Gu Immortals, but he had never seen so many Immortal Gu Houses in one fight.


 Immortal Gu Houses were much rarer than Gu Immortals, normally speaking, very few Gu Immortals had their individual Immortal Gu Houses, only super forces had them.


 A Gu Immortal alone could not gather enough wealth, ability, and time to create an Immortal Gu House. And an Immortal Gu House was not the most feasible for a single person’s use.


 For super forces, they needed a rank seven Immortal Gu House, in crucial situations, it could act as their rank eight battle strength!


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were not common, the first supreme elder of many forces were only rank seven. At this time, a rank seven Immortal Gu House could help to stabilize the situation.


 Immortal Gu Houses had their flaws of course, the methods were fixed and easily countered.


 Thus, even though most rank seven Immortal Gu Houses could rival rank eight, they could not truly fight against a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Right now, the Immortal Gu Houses here were at least rank seven, they all had rank eight battle strength.


 From a certain perspective, this was a battle that involved more than ten rank eight battle strength existences!


 Both sides felt nervous and pressured.


 But this was an unavoidable battle!


 The atmosphere became heavier, when the distance between both sides shrunk to a certain degree, an Immortal Gu House that was in Central Continent’s second layer defense line attacked.


 This Immortal Gu House was small and delicate, it was an exquisite and small pavilion, there were countless bird cages hanging on it as birds chirped continuously.


 It was one of Heavenly Lotus Sect’s five Immortal Gu Houses — Canary Pavilion.


 A large number of cages were unlocked in Canary Pavilion, flaming birds flew out rapidly, shooting out like a rain of flames.


 These birds expanded midway and regained their original size.


 They were large as horse carriages, their bodies were red and their feathers were flaming with great heat. Their eyes resembled molten magma, their chirping was quite unique, it sounded like flowing lava.


 1Ancient desolate beast — Molten Flame Bird!


 “Be careful, these birds can self-detonate, they have great power!” Among the Western Desert group, a Gu Immortal immediately warned.


 “Fire path ancient desolate beast, hahaha, let us face them.” Amidst the laughter, an Immortal Gu House that resembled a waterwheel rolled out itself using those gigantic wheels.


 A huge red light shot out of the wheel, it seemed to resemble ribbons that tangled the bird group.


 The molten flame birds shrieked and tried to struggle but most were suppressed by the red light. A few self-detonated, turning into lava that were absorbed by the red light to become even stronger.


 “What Immortal Gu House is this?” Central Continent’s side was shocked, to think that the molten flame birds were so easily countered.


 Western Desert’s side was also shocked, a few rank eight Gu Immortals paid slight attention to this weirdly shaped Immortal Gu House, they had no information regarding it.


 “Oh? Dong clan’s Red River Wheel.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined.


 This Immortal Gu House was obtained by Dong clan from a mysterious inheritance, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, it had displayed its great power and gained huge fame.


 Normally speaking, if a super force wanted to research and create an Immortal Gu House, the process would take a long time. And in this process, a lot of clues would be obtained by other forces.


 Only Immortal Gu Houses that were suddenly obtained like this would shock people.


 Dong clan’s Gu Immortals felt a little proud, they had made a great gain, obtaining these molten flame birds. With them, Dong clan’s Red River Wheel would become even stronger, especially in terms of speed.


 “Tit for tat.” Fang clan’s Gu Immortal shouted in the Immortal Gu House, releasing a large number of ancient desolate beasts, most were dogs and chickens.


 Fang Yuan was even clearer regarding this Immortal Gu House.


 It was Fang clan’s Chicken Dog Coop, it looked like two buildings side by side, the left building was yellow and had a round plaque that had ‘chicken’ written on it, the right building was red and had the word ‘dog’ on its plaque.


 1Every Immortal Gu House was comprehensive in all aspects but also contained its own specialty.


 Chicken Dog Coop and Canary Pavilion were both focused on enslavement path, the former enslaved chicken and dogs, while the latter raised canaries.


 Both were also the same at rank seven.


 The advantage of enslavement path was to engage in a battle of attrition.


 A large group of chickens and dogs charged out as Central Continent’s outer layer of defense reacted, using all sorts of killer moves on these chickens and dogs, a large number died.


 But Western Desert’s group also followed after and attacked.


 At once, Immortal Gu Houses unleashed thunderous sounds and collided into each other, killer moves were unleashed as space was torn, loud sounds caused continuous tremors in this area.


 Western Desert’s advancement was very ferocious, soon, Central Continent’s first layer of defense was broken, the second layer was also almost broken, but it barely held on.


 “Western Desert’s side has less manpower and Immortal Gu Houses than Central Continent after all.”


 Western Desert was different from Southern Border, Northern Plains, and Eastern Sea.


 Southern Border had the Southern Alliance, the super forces were working very closely now. Right now, the whole of Southern Border had Beacon Towers everywhere, this was proof of their cooperation.


 Northern Plains had Longevity Heaven leading them, in the recent years, Longevity Heaven had been recruiting lone immortals and demonic path members, they were trying to unify the entire Gu Immortal world of Northern Plains.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals had almost lost all their face because of Duke Long’s actions of taking the Immortal Gu House. Because Duke Long offended all of these people which were all arrogant overlords of their own territory, this event caused them to band together instead.


 Over at Western Desert, even though they knew that the issue of Heavenly Court repairing fate Gu was severe, only super forces participated in this. Fang Yuan did not see any Western Desert lone immortals or demonic path members.


 “And Western Desert’s super forces have reserved a lot of strength in this battle too.”


 “Fang clan is the one that has brought the most force.”


 “They brought Chicken Dog Coop, Inquiry Dock, and Fallen Flower Hall, I wonder if Divine Bean Palace has been repaired, did they bring it?”


 Fang Yuan pondered rapidly.


 Divine Bean Palace was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, if they brought it, this would be interesting.


 But Fang clan knew that the chances were slim, even if Fang clan had control of Divine Bean Palace now, there was a good chance that they would leave it in their base.


 In this Refinement Path Convention, even though Western Desert and Eastern Sea mobilized their forces, they were quite conservative, they were wary of each other.


 “You go this way.” Fang Yuan watched from above as he commanded Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest moved the Immortal Gu House according to Fang Yuan’s instructions and passed the second layer of defense, going straight for Emperor City under everyone’s shocked gazes.


 But Emperor City was protected by Central Continent’s third layer of defense.


 Two Immortal Gu Houses charged toward Bai Ning Bing and the rest from the left and right.


 The palace at the left was grand and imposing, it was Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Immortal Gu House — Yue Yang Palace.


 The right garden was exquisitely built, it was grand with white jade tiles and oozing with cold air, there were faint dragon roars heard occasionally, this was Ancient Soul Sect’s Immortal Gu House — Frost Dragon Manor!


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest used the Immortal Gu House’s killer move, the move was not powerful, it was destroyed by Yue Yang Palace and Frost Dragon Manor, they arrived in front of Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest knew that their Immortal Gu House was inferior, they could only retreat.


 “You can’t retreat!” A Western Desert rank eight Gu Immortal shouted, if they retreated, this gap that was painstakingly created would be mended, their chance would be lost.


 “Retreat!” Fang Yuan’s orders were very direct.


 This Immortal Gu House was not Frost Dragon Manor and Yue Yang Palace’s match, Fang Yuan needed to preserve them. If it was destroyed now at the start, it would be a huge waste.


 However, it was not so easy to retreat.


 2At the crucial moment, intense winds restrained Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 It was a seven-story tower, curtains were fluttering in the building, it was rank seven Immortal Gu House — Wind Sweeping Building!


 This was one of the two signature Immortal Gu Houses of Wind Cloud Manor, it was paired with Cloud Passing Building.


 Wind Sweeping Building and Cloud Passing Building were able to combine into rank eight Immortal Gu House Wind Cloud Manor, it had extraordinary power. In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Wind Cloud Manor was once ranked as the number one Immortal Gu House for some time!


 With Wind Sweeping Building restraining them, Yue Yang Palace moved rapidly like a meteor, crashing into Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu House.


 Next, Frost Dragon Manor’s killer move also landed.


 Instantly, a portion of Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu House broke, pillars broke and a huge gap was created. A vast number of mortal Gu was destroyed, he also lost several Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan snorted as he showed up.


 Emperor yama killer move!


 With the use of great thief ghost hand, he directly took a bunch of Gu worms and three Immortal Gu!


 1



***
Chapter 1709 - Wu Yong Versus Chen Yi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, huge changes occurred.


 Wu Yong led the group of Southern Alliance immortals as he broke the fifth layer of the formation, arriving at the sixth.


 In the sixth formation, there was complete darkness, there were no boundaries as far as one could see.


 The Southern Border immortals were as small as ants in comparison to this huge space.


 “This is a space path formation!” A Luo clan Gu Immortal suddenly spoke.


 He wore a traditional Southern Border clothing, his skin tone was white and he had a cold expression, he was a Luo clan general famous in Southern Border, having peak rank seven battle strength.


 His name was Luo Ran, he cultivated space path and had incredible attainment.


 “Indeed, this is a space path formation.” Chi Qu You nodded in agreement: “Let me make some deductions.”


 The immortals held no disagreements.


 After entering a formation, using brute force was not wise. The best way was to let formation path Gu Immortals deduce the profundities of this formation, to target its weaknesses and achieve a greater result in doing so, saving effort in the process.


 After some deductions, Chi Qu You said plainly: “I’ve already deduced most of this formation, it is likely the spaceless formation.”


 Luo Ran listened and frowned: “Even though I do not cultivate formation path, I’ve heard of spaceless formation, it is one of the most classic immortal formations of space path, it was created during the Remote Antiquity Era. Nobody knows who the creator was, this formation only has one ability, it can extend space and increase distance. After entering the formation, the distance of one step can be turned into a hundred steps.”


 Chi Qu You laughed: ” Friend Luo Ran is wise, that is correct. But this formation had already been modified, there is a variation hidden inside it.”


 Someone asked: “What variation?”


 Chi Qu You shook his head: “I have not deduced it yet, I can only sense it. But we can set off first, I can deduce along the way. In this situation, we can move ahead without concern, the spaceless formation does not have offensive power, it can only trap enemies and increase the distance between enemy and ally, to stall for time.”

