
 “Give me some time, I will be able to deduce the variation formation and find its weakness. During this period, if Heavenly Court attacks, as long as we can defend ourselves, whatever changes we observe will help me in my deductions.”


 Chi Qu You’s suggestion was good, the immortals quickly set off and chose to move forward together.


 Spaceless formation had no light, it was completely dark and endless.


 The Southern Alliance immortals protected Chi Qu You who was at the center of the group, while Wu Yong remained as the vanguard.


 “Look, there’s something in front!” Yao clan’s Gu Immortal Yao Tian Ze suddenly spoke.


 The immortals quickly slowed down and got closer, taking a clearer look.


 There was a huge green and white radish, it was large like a house, floating in the air as it remained motionless.


 “What is this? It seems to be an immemorial desolate plant!” Yao Tian Ze asked.


 Everyone frowned, this was not a common sight after all.


 Wu Yong was silent, a flash of inspiration appeared in his mind, he seemed to have heard of that immortal plant but he could not recall it in a short time.


 “If I am not wrong, this should be the great profound ice light radish, it is an extinct immortal plant from the Immemorial Antiquity Era. To think that Heavenly Court still kept it till now.” Qiao Zhi Cai said.


 He was the first supreme elder of Qiao clan, even though he had rank seven cultivation level, he cultivated wood path.


 Wu Yong’s eyes shined: “That’s right, this is the great profound ice light radish. Everyone be careful, if anyone gets close, this radish will burst out with countless ice lights, it will pierce every muscle and skin in your body, you will instantly freeze to death.”


 Qiao Zhi Cai added to the explanation: “That’s right, do not underestimate the ice lights, these ice lights are the dao marks of the great profound ice light radish. After it shoots out, the great profound ice light radish will no longer have any dao marks, it will become a mortal material. Thus, the ice light storm will have the power of a rank eight Gu Immortal’s immortal killer move.”


 The immortals heard this and stepped back, they became very alert.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment.


 Ripples appeared in the air, the formation suddenly activated as a huge space path force erupted on a Southern Border Gu Immortal.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortal had already activated his defenses long ago, but the space path force did not attack him, instead, it teleported him away.


 The location was none other than beside the great profound ice light radish!


 The great profound ice light radish was like a frightened little girl, it quickly shrunk until it was one-third of its original size.


 Afterwards, boom!


 Countless ice needles shot out in all directions.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortal had already activated his strongest defensive method, but in just half a breath of time, he was pierced thoroughly.


 Next, he became frozen, becoming an ice statue.


 The Southern Border immortals were all deeply shocked.


 The spaceless formation suddenly activated and teleported the Gu Immortal away, it was clearly the variation that Chi Qu You had spoke of earlier. Together with the great profound ice light radish, it was a perfect combination.


 Wu Yong’s expression turned ashen.


 He led the Southern Alliance immortals in this battle, at this moment, they had finally lost their first member.


 Wu Yong was quite anxious to find a way to deal with the situation.


 At this moment, a change occurred again.


 Ripples appeared in space again as a formless space path force erupted, trying to teleport another Southern Alliance Gu Immortal.


 “With me around, don’t even think about it!” At the crucial moment, Luo Ran shouted, activating an Immortal Gu.


 The power of the Immortal Gu spread out as the surrounding space instantly froze like ice.


 Southern Alliance’s immortals felt a strong restrictive force, as if they were sealed in an ice coffin.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu — Suppress Space!


 A rank seven Immortal Gu could not deal with this Heavenly Court formation, but it was not without effect.


 Suppress space Immortal Gu helped the Southern Alliance Gu Immortal to gain a few crucial seconds to escape.


 The formation’s spatial ripples were like a beast’s mouth that failed to devour its target, it could only vanish in vain.


 Luo Ran dispelled the effect of suppress space Immortal Gu, Southern Alliance’s Gu Immortals felt the pressure lifting as they regained their freedom.


 “The situation was urgent, I had to activate suppress space Immortal Gu, it had a wide range that cannot be controlled, my apologies for implicating everyone.” Luo Ran quickly apologized.


 Wu Yong laughed loudly: “Well done!”


 “This is suppress space Immortal Gu? It is a good Gu worm that counters this formation.” Chi Qu You nodded, feeling glad.


 Luo Ran smiled: “I obtained this Gu from an Earth Trench recently, to think that it would work here, this shows that somehow, heaven’s will truly exists.”


 Everything in this world had its weaknesses and counters, there was no strongest Gu worm, only strongest Gu Immortal.


 Heavenly Court created this spaceless teleportation formation, it was made of several rank seven Immortal Gu and a vast number of mortal Gu, but it was countered by one suppress space Immortal Gu.


 With suppress space Immortal Gu, Southern Alliance’s immortals no longer had any concerns when moving in this formation space.


 And because Heavenly Court’s teleportation formation was activated, Chi Qu You’s deductions became faster.


 A moment later, Chi Qu You pointed out a loophole of the formation.


 He said to Wu Yong: “Heavenly Court’s spaceless formation is too troublesome to break from the inside. Lord Alliance Leader, why don’t you use this loophole to link with the unlimited wind outside and break the formation there, it should be easier.”


 Wu Yong used the loophole and easily detected the unlimited wind outside.


 Immediately, wild winds blew and broke the formation through the loophole.


 The Southern Alliance Gu Immortals returned to the outside world.


 After breaking six formations and only losing one member, the Southern Alliance immortals had surging morale.


 This battle result made the formation’s controller feel extremely heavy hearted.


 This person was dressed in a green robe, emitting an aura of a scholar. From his appearance, he looked young, but his eyes were deep and wise, he was already some thousands of years old.


 It was none other than the wood path rank eight great expert, Heavenly Lotus Sect’s previous first supreme elder, the current generation Genesis Lotus inheritor — Chen Yi!


 “To think that the enemies are so ferocious! There are only three formations left.” Chen Yi pondered for a while and said to the person beside him: “Why don’t we work together and fight them, we can gain some time for the formation to be set up.”


 The female immortal beside him, Bai Cang Shui, was a Heavenly Court member, she had participated in the previous Refinement Path Convention to restore Fate. She did not hesitate, agreeing immediately.


 The two walked out of the formation, Wu Yong and the rest were still attacking the seventh layer of the formation, they tried to break it directly.


 Chen Yi cupped his fists at the Southern Border immortals: “Southern Border friends, I am Heavenly Court’s Chen Yi, does anyone dare to fight me alone?”


 Wu Yong’s pupils shrunk, he waved his hand as Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was taken out.


 In a fight between rank eights, rank seven Gu Immortals could not interfere, but if they went inside an Immortal Gu House, they would be able to join the battle, barely.


 Ba clan’s first supreme elder Ba Shi Ba laughed loudly: “Old man Chen Yi, it was not wise for you to come out of that tortoise shell. Let me face you.”


 “Wait, don’t let him stall for time, we will attack together!” Wu Yong snickered and ordered.


 If Wu Du Xiu was here, she would definitely accept Chen Yi’s challenge and fight him alone.


 But Wu Yong was a different type of person, why would he give up on a chance to attack him as a group?


 Immediately, Wu Yong moved forward with multiple rank eights from Southern Border behind him, along with Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building carrying rank seven Gu Immortals, they charged ahead.


 Chen Yi and Bai Cang Shui were attacked by the group but they did not fluster.


 Bai Cang Shui pushed with her hands as huge white waves appeared and moved forward.


 Wu Yong’s body flickered as his afterimage remained, his true body had vanished on the spot.


 Ba Shi Ba faced the huge waves as he shouted, his aura surged as a profound light shined on the waves.


 Next, the wings on Yi Hao Fang’s back waved, countless arrows shot out, the arrow rain pierced the waves, approaching Bai Cang Shui and Chen Yi.


 “Come,” Chen Yi smiled, he did not make any movements but the phantom images of huge trees appeared around him.


 Yi Hao Fang’s arrow rain pierced into the forest, it only caused some shaking in the trees, a large number of leaves fell.


 Chen Yi’s aura grew stronger, he was about to retaliate when his expression suddenly changed.


 Wu Yong appeared right behind him unknowingly.


 “He has such concealment methods?! The concealed person that I detected was actually an illusion that he made!” Chen Yi was deeply shocked by Wu Yong’s methods.


 At the moment of crisis, he did not even have time to turn around.


 Next, he felt that Wu Yong had lightly patted his shoulder.


 “We became friends at first sight, yet you have to go now. This is farewell my good friend, let me send you off.” Wu Yong smiled lightly.


 Hearing this, even with Chen Yi’s thousands of years of life and abundant experiences, his expression became pale.


 He shouted in his heart: “This is immortal killer move — Farewell Friend Wind!! My Heavenly Court had not been able to find it even after extensive search, to think that it was in Wu Yong’s hands!”


 Next, Chen Yi lost control over his body, he slowly floated towards the front.


 While floating, his hair, clothes, and limbs started to disintegrate.


 “Save me!” Chen Yi shouted in his heart but he could not make any noise.


 He could not move at all, none of his methods could be used.


 Even karma divine tree killer move was unable to be activated!



***
Chapter 1710 - Limitless’ Left Path


***





 



 1


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court.


 The originally white sky became covered in seven colored rainbow lights.


 A huge Immortal Gu House was floating in the sky.


 It was truly an incredible Immortal Gu House!


 It had three floors of altars, grand and magnificent. There were multiple pillars holding each floor up, having white jade railings and shining aurora.


 It was the rank eight luck path Immortal Gu House — Calamity Luck Altar.


 In the past, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had personally constructed it, it was one of his three Immortal Gu Houses that he used.


 Originally, Calamity Luck Altar was left as Longevity Heaven’s foundation, but this time to attack Heavenly Court, they actually brought it along.


 Such an act showed Longevity Heaven’s confidence, many of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt very worried.


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply.


 Even Duke Long had a solemn gaze in his eyes.


 However, his attention was not on Calamity Luck Altar, but the rainbow lights in the sky instead.


 Duke Long said in a low tone: “Calamity Luck Altar and the Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals alone cannot break in here easily. This seven colored rainbow light is of rank nine level, it must be the work of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?” Fairy Zi Wei was dazed before realization shined on her face: “According to Heavenly Court’s records, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was once invited to tour Heavenly Court. Did he create this backdoor secretly at that time?”


 “That should be the case.” Duke Long said.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned grim: “This Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is truly crafty. He had already planned to invade Heavenly Court so long ago, his scheme was so deep.”


 “All past venerables have great wisdom, they cannot be underestimated. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable possessed luck path methods, he secretly set this arrangement and we could not discover it until it was used now.” Duke Long sighed as he shook his head, having a complex feeling.


 Back then, when Giant Sun became venerable, he did it through luck path, it was a huge obstruction to fate Gu. Back then, Heavenly Court’s leader, Golden Hooped Great Immortal, made a plan and specially invited Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to tour Heavenly Court, telling the world that they were inviting Giant Sun to join Heavenly Court openly.


 After considering it, Giant Sun agreed to the invitation and went on to look around Heavenly Court.


 Golden Hooped Great Immortal personally led Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as they went to look at the important places in Heavenly Court, especially the places that Limitless, Reckless Savage, and Red Lotus stopped at when they attacked.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a suggestion, he wanted to see fate Immortal Gu.


 Golden Hooped Great Immortal did not reject him, they went up Heaven Overseeing Tower and saw fate Gu.


 After Giant Sun left the tower, he remained silent along the way.


 After leaving Heavenly Court, he said that he had to reconsider the matter of joining them.


 This experience and the conversation between Giant Sun and Golden Hooped was clearly recorded in Heavenly Court’s history with great precision.


 “The power of rank nine is truly unfathomable, we only saw Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements today, that is not strange at all. After all, he cultivated luck path, and we have little understanding of this path. However, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who managed to plant spies in Heavenly Court is in our captivity now. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has died long ago, only his Calamity Luck Altar and a bunch of Northern Plains Gu Immortals are here to attack us now, how can my Heavenly Court fall so easily?” The hall resounded with Old Man Zheng Yuan’s voice.


 1Fairy Zi Wei nodded but she still frowned: “Calamity Luck Altar is not an ordinary rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was once owned by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. It is a pity that Prince Feng Xian did not join this invasion, otherwise we would have gotten information about Longevity Heaven’s sneak attack in advance.”


 “But most importantly, how much force is hidden in Calamity Luck Altar?”


 “Hmm... wait, I think there isn’t a lot. Because we did not get any news of this invasion by Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven. They were able to keep it hidden so well, they must have kept it to a very small number of people.”


 Fairy Zi Wei analyzed rapidly.


 “You are not wrong, that is likely so.” Duke Long nodded, even though he stood up from his seat, his arms were still behind his back, he did not join the battle, as if he was waiting for something.


 At the next moment, the whole of Heavenly Court shook.


 Swoosh, like the howling of the wind, this sound was etched deep into everyone’s hearts.


 Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, and Old Man Zheng Yuan felt no surprise, they showed faint smiles on their faces.


 “The killer move that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable left behind has activated!”


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals felt no surprise either.


 The information that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind already described this. In fact, even without Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s information, Longevity Heaven had a number of true inheritances of the few Demon Venerables. Be it Reckless Savage or Limitless, they were Northern Plainsmen, the intel of their attack on Heavenly Court was in Longevity Heaven’s hands.


 1“This is the killer move qi wall?”


 “Qi wall killer move is very ordinary, but when Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was at a young age, he was very skilled at it and enjoyed using it.”


 “When Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable became invincible in the world, this qi wall killer move was also elevated to rank nine!”


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals discussed as they manipulated Calamity Luck Altar, attacking the surroundings.


 The surrounding air started to produce ripples like a formless fortress, only after facing a lot of attacks did it burst back into normal air.


 But soon, it gathered again into a formless fortress wall.


 The whole of Heavenly Court was reinforced by this air, resisting the invasion of Longevity Heaven. But for Heavenly Court’s members, when they moved, the qi wall around them would return to normal air, they would not be obstructed.


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals made some attempts as they expressed shock on their faces.


 “Indeed worthy of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”


 “The ordinary qi wall killer move has the power of rank nine in Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s hands, it is even stronger than the heavenly wind qi wall.”


 “What do we do now?” Five Elements Grandmaster had an ugly expression, he was very worried. He had just joined Longevity Heaven recently, he had only learned of the invasion several days ago.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s worry was very reasonable, if they could not get past this move, they would need to destroy all the qi walls along their path.


 The expenditure would be too high, they might not even make it to Duke Long before their immortal essence dried up, they would be extremely tired.


 But it was too difficult to unravel this move.


 Firstly, it was a rank nine killer move, only methods of similar level would be effective. Unless they possessed an extremely effective rank eight killer move, it would not be useful.


 Secondly, after the changes of eras, qi path had already fallen out of common use, almost nobody from Longevity Heaven in this trip cultivated qi path.


 What could they do?


 “Don’t worry, we have our method!”


 “Even though this move is made by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, so many years have passed, eras have changed, after the invasions of three Demon Venerables, it already possessed flaws.”


 “That’s right, back then, Limitless, Reckless Savage, and Red Lotus could not unravel this qi wall killer move even though they attacked Heavenly Court. They merely used their incredible strength to break through by force.”


 “They carved out three roads on their own, these three paths are the places where the qi wall is at its weakest and cannot regenerate. As long as we destroy a small area, we will be able to enter one of these three paths and follow the Demon Venerable’s road to fight our way in!”


 Five Elements Grandmaster let out a sigh of relief: “So that’s it.”


 Next, he asked: “Which path do we choose?”


 At the same time.


 In the Central Great Hall, Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei conversed: “Even though qi wall is powerful, it had been exposed long ago. Since Longevity Heaven is attacking now, they must be aware of its weaknesses, they will use the paths that the Demon Venerables created.”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded, recalling: “The left path was created by Limitless Demon Venerable, it passes Central Heaven Gate, Name Plaque Palace, Sun Palace, Five Deity Hall, Central Great Hall, Heaven Overseeing Tower, Forgotten Dao Lake, and finally, it stops at the Imperfection Regret Pavilion on the peak of Star Zone Mountain.”


 “The central path was created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable. It passes Immortal Emperor Court, Hidden Space Pavilion, Sumeru Lake, Eternal Sand Cave, Million Heavenly King Gallery, Embroidered Tower, Central Great Hall, and ends at Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 “The right path was made by Red Lotus Demon Venerable. He first went past Lotus Fairy Pond and Bright Moon Treasure Light Hall, followed by Twelve Spiritual Pass, Separation Flame Pavilion, Magnetic Star Hill, Water Wood Clarity Court, Central Great Hall, and ends at Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 “As long as they make their choice, we will be able to know their route and set up our defenses.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with the sparkles of wisdom.


 “That is right.” Duke Long had no objections.


 Boom boom boom!


 Calamity Luck Altar brought the few Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals as they attacked the weak spot of the qi wall and went in.


 Once they entered, Longevity Heaven’s group felt that the pressure was greatly lifted, the qi wall was barely existing here!


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals also saw what happened.


 Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long looked at each other: “They chose the left path.”



***
Chapter 1711 - Heavenly Court Battlefield


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Left path!


 This was the path that Limitless Demon Venerable created a million years ago during the Olden Antiquity Era!


 The left path passed Central Heaven Gate, Name Plaque Palace, Sun Palace, Five Deity Hall, Central Great Hall, Heaven Overseeing Tower, Forgotten Dao Lake, and finally, it stopped at the Imperfection Regret Pavilion on the peak of Star Zone Mountain.


 The huge Heavenly Court was shining in glorious light, it had countless palaces and pavilions, it was a grand sight.


 Calamity Luck Altar charged ahead with an unstoppable momentum.


 Heavenly Court, which had been silent for a long time, finally met with an unavoidable attack.


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Five Elements Grandmaster watched and observed the situation.


 He was tongue-tied and deeply moved: “If I was not seeing this personally, I would not believe that all these buildings here are Immortal Gu Houses! Even though most are just rank six Immortal Gu Houses, Heavenly Court’s foundation is still too terrifying.”


 Flower Lady of the Northern Desolation Immortals chuckled: “Five Elements, this is Heavenly Court after all. It was created three million years ago during the Remote Antiquity Era, it had remained standing until today. Even though fate Gu was damaged, it remained as the number one force in this world. With such an accumulation, this is not a surprising sight.”


 “Look at these palaces, they are all the creation of famous rank eight immortals from the Remote Antiquity Era. After modifications from future experts like Statue Deity, Aunt Orchid, Yellow Court Monarch, Uncle Feng, and Concubine Quan Miao, they continued to develop and improve upon them, until they were completed today.”


 “All of the palaces and Immortal Gu Houses are considered one entity, they can help each other. At the same time, these palaces can be separated and elevated on their own, it is very convenient.”


 “However, there is no need to overestimate Heavenly Court, these Immortal Gu Houses are mostly just rank six. And most importantly, they are only specialized in one aspect, they are not as comprehensive as the Immortal Gu Houses outside.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster nodded: “I understand, if it is comprehensive, even more Immortal Gu will need to be used, as well as a vast number of mortal Gu. Heavenly Court is very proud, other than the three Demon Venerables who attacked, nobody dared to invade them. Thus, there was no need for such investments in their opinion, after all, these Immortal Gu Houses are kept in Heavenly Court most of the time, they are not too useful.”


 Saying so, Five Elements Grandmaster suddenly laughed loudly: “So that’s it! We attacked Heavenly Court and caught them unguarded at this moment. This is their weakness, interesting, interesting. Other than three Demon Venerables, to think that I will also attack Heavenly Court. Even if I die here, with this experience, my life was not in vain.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was filled with grand aspirations. He was a Northern Plainsman, even though he was rank eight, his nature was that of a Northern Plainsman, it had never changed.


 The people of Northern Plains sought glory through combat, it was a shame to live as a loser.


 For them, dying in the battlefield was the greatest honor and recognition.


 Calamity Luck Altar forced its way through, finally arriving at Central Heaven Gate.


 This huge gate was like a mountain adorned with beautiful golden ornaments, it was held by tall and thick pillars, there were shining pearls and gems on its frame.


 “This is Central Heaven Gate?”


 “It looks like an information path Immortal Gu House?”


 Five Elements Grandmaster looked around as he pondered.


 “Indeed, Heavenly Court only recruits new members who are elites of the ten great ancient sects. These rank eight elites would have to pass the test in Central Heaven Gate before they join Heavenly Court.” Bull Demon said.


 Central Heaven Gate was shut tight, it blocked Calamity Luck Altar from advancing further.


 In Central Great Hall.


 Duke Long asked: “Central Heaven Gate is a rank eight information path Immortal Gu House but it has weak defenses, it cannot stop them for long. How many golden pearls do we have in the storage?”


 Fairy Zi Wei replied immediately: “Three thousand six hundred.”


 Duke Long nodded: “Take them all out and use them to help Central Heaven Gate defend against the enemy. I am certain that Longevity Heaven has trump cards up its sleeves, Northern Plains has courageous people but they are not without wisdom. We need to remain calm and deal with them without panicking, we will stall for time and wait until fate Gu is restored, all our hard work and sacrifice will pay off in the end.”


 “Yes, sir.” Fairy Zi Wei answered as she manipulated the Central Great Hall.


 The Central Great Hall was the control area of all the Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses, using it, Fairy Zi Wei opened Heavenly Court’s treasury and took out all of their golden pearls.


 Cling cling cling...


 There was a sharp noise as golden pearls fell down like rain, there were golden sparkles as they poured down.


 Calamity Luck Altar crashed into Central Heaven Gate as it started to crack from the pressure.


 The golden pearls landed on Calamity Luck Altar and created continuous sharp noises.


 Calamity Luck Altar remained unaffected, there were no cracks on it.


 However, the golden pearls started to show their true effect, as the peals turned into huge soldiers that were armored all over their bodies. Under the shadows of their helmets, only their two eyes were shining with piercing golden light. They had weapons like axes, blades, and spears in their hands.


 Soon, these golden pearl soldiers surrounded Calamity Luck Altar. Countless blades and spears slashed and stabbed at Calamity Luck Altar, causing many sparks to appear.


 Calamity Luck Altar shook intensely, in order to defend from the attacks, immortal essence was rapidly expended.


 “What is this?” Five Elements Grandmaster was shocked: “Each soldier has the strength of an ancient desolate beast but possesses no life force, this looks like an immortal killer move?”


 “These are golden pearls. During the Medieval Antiquity Era, there was a metal path great expert in Heavenly Court, he was known as the Golden Pearl Immortal King. These golden pearls were his signature killer move, a method unique to him.” Bull Demon said plainly.


 Flower Lady giggled as she covered her mouth: “Heavenly Court is only tossing these golden pearls while Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long are not showing up, it seems that they are trying to stall for time until fate Gu gets restored.”


 Bull Demon nodded: “This is a wise decision, even though Heavenly Court is huge, there are only a few rank eight Gu Immortals who are awake. The battlefield outside is depleting and splitting up Heavenly Court’s current force.”


 “Then we need to make use of this time.” Flower Lady’s eyes shined.


 Bull Demon said in a low tone: “Let me do it.”


 Saying so, he concentrated and started to manipulate Calamity Luck Altar.


 A method was activated by Bull Demon as Calamity Luck Altar started to shine in a blinding light.


 Within the light, auspicious clouds formed and pushed all the golden pearl soldiers away.


 At the next moment, with a loud bang, Calamity Luck Altar broke through Central Heaven Gate.


 Longevity Heaven’s group did not slaughter these golden pearl soldiers or attack the heavily damaged Central Heaven Gate, they only pushed forward.


 This was a battle that was determined by time.


 Since Heavenly Court wanted to stall for time, Longevity Heaven’s group had to make use of that and prevent them from succeeding.


 Along the way, golden pearl soldiers continued to obstruct them but could not stop Calamity Luck Altar’s advancement.


 Soon, Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals arrived at Name Plaque Palace.


 But what they saw was that Name Plaque Palace flew high up into the sky.


 “Heavenly Court actually moved this Name Plaque Palace away!” Five Elements Grandmaster was happy but suspicious.


 Bing Sai Chuan said in a low tone: “This is also an information path Immortal Gu House, there are name plaques inside, each has a person’s name. These people form a huge information network for Heavenly Court, they are all over the five regions.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was shocked: “So that means, if we destroy it, Heavenly Court’s information network will be exposed? No wonder they had to move it away at any cost.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster felt that it was a pity.


 Heavenly Court’s information network was huge, it covered all five regions. Even though other regions were trying to get information on other regions, their scale and reach could not compare to Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court had the ten great ancient sects as their subordinate forces, they had ruled over Central Continent for many eras, they were naturally able to select suitable people to nurture as elites and send to other regions secretly.


 As for the other four regions, Longevity Heaven and Southern Alliance had only surfaced recently, trying to unify their own regions. As for other super clans, even if they sent people out, compared to Heavenly Court, they were too small and insignificant.


 “Forget it, we had already anticipated that Name Plaque Palace would fly away. Without its obstruction, we can save a lot of time and advance faster!” Bing Sai Chuan ordered.


 Sun Palace.


 Calamity Luck Altar soon arrived at the third obstacle.


 Sun Palace gave out a heated light, it was too blinding.


 The surroundings of the palace were distorted from the warm air, intense heat assaulted everyone.


 Even though Longevity Heaven’s members were inside Calamity Luck Altar, they still felt immense heat that burned them endlessly.


 The immortals tried to move Calamity Luck Altar to charge through but even without getting too close, the surface of Calamity Luck Altar started melting, a vast number of mortal Gu were charred and incinerated.


 Sun Palace was so strong that Calamity Luck Altar could not get close.


 It controlled the illumination of the whole of Heavenly Court, it had multiple light path rank eight Immortal Gu as the cores, even though it was very weak in defense, even lower than Central Heaven Gate, Calamity Luck Altar could not approach it.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Calamity Luck Altar stayed in the air as killer moves were activated, attacking Sun Palace from afar.


 But all sorts of killer moves melted from the heat and light of Sun Palace before they even landed.


 “This obstacle is too hard, we do not have any light path or dark path experts helping us.” Five Elements Grandmaster frowned deeply.


 “No need to worry.” Bull Demon spoke: “Sun Palace is strong on the outside and weak on the inside, as long as we can get in, we will be able to destroy it. I will go.”


 “Okay, let’s go together.” Flower Lady chuckled as she lay on his shoulder, feeling no nervousness at all.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was greatly shocked.


 He knew how dangerous that was, the light was too intense, without proper defense, even rank eight Gu Immortals could not last long, they would melt like candles.


 “Isn’t that too dangerous, we can think of other ways.” Five Elements Grandmaster said cautiously.


 Bing Sai Chuan shook his head: “Speed is the key, go.”


 He controlled Calamity Luck Altar as it attacked, paving a way for Bull Demon and Flower Lady.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady shot out with incredible speed, they were about to get into Sun Palace in just an instant.


 “Wishful thinking!” Fairy Zi Wei who was in the Central Great Hall smiled coldly as Sun Palace’s intensity surged.


 “Oh no.” Five Elements Grandmaster shouted in dismay.


 At the crucial moment, Flower Lady shouted as her tiny body jumped, turning into a pink light that shielded Bull Demon.


 Bull Demon cried out in pain, he charged into Sun Palace without stopping.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned grim, she said bitterly: “Sun Palace has been taken down.”


 After ten breaths of time, Sun Palace was destroyed.


 Without Sun Palace, the whole of Heavenly Court’s sky became dark.


 In the rubble, Bull Demon carried Flower Lady’s corpse as he returned to Calamity Luck Altar with an expressionless face.


 Sun Palace was destroyed, Longevity Heaven also paid a price.


 Flower Lady died!


 Looking at the silent Bull Demon, Five Elements Grandmaster wanted to console him but no words came out after he opened his mouth.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady were together known as the Northern Desolation Immortals, they were usually extremely close and never left each other’s side. Now that one was sacrificed while the other survived, this pain was truly deep and heavy.


 Even though Flower Lady died, she had a smile on her face.


 Bull Demon looked at Flower Lady’s corpse for a long time, she eventually turned into scattering flower petals, only a tiny delicate flower remained.


 Bull Demon placed this flower on his head carefully and gently, it was completely different from his usual cold and tough appearance.


 “Continue.” Bull Demon turned around and looked towards the front.


 Under Bing Sai Chuan’s manipulation, Calamity Luck Altar continued to move ahead.



***
Chapter 1712 - Battle of Legendary Desolate Beasts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Once Sun Palace was destroyed, the next was Five Deity Hall. And after Five Deity Hall, it would be the Central Great Hall that Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long were in.


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals came with determination, they attacked ferociously without concern for sacrifices, Heavenly Court’s immortals felt deep pressure.


 “We cannot let them continue with this any farther.” Duke Long turned to Fairy Zi Wei: “Have you deployed all of them already?”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was quite ugly: “Only two came.”


 Duke Long was dazed before he spoke: “Cang Xuan Zi didn’t come? So be it, when it agreed to join Heavenly Court back then, there was already an agreement with Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. The two that came should be able to block Calamity Luck Altar for some time with their strength.”


 Five Deity Hall was already in sight, suddenly, a sandstorm brewed, waves of sand blocked Calamity Luck Altar.


 Roar—!


 A tiger’s roar resounded in the surroundings.


 The sand waves spread apart as a hill-like tiger was exposed from within.


 The fierce tiger had overwhelming aura, its body seemed to be made of metal, it had golden skin and silver teeth, its eyes resembled sparkling rubies, emanating fierce light. On the tiger’s forehead, the marking was not ‘王’ but ‘沙1‘.


 Five Elements Grandmaster took a glance and expressed his shock: “Heavenly Court also has legendary immemorial desolate beasts?”


 “Of course.” Bing Sai Chuan had a plain expression: “Heavenly Court has a total of three legendary immemorial beasts. This huge tiger looks like a tiger but it is actually a Shabi. This is a type of monster that is formed in the fiendish qi sea spring. Right now, qi path is going extinct, the fiendish qi sea spring is already extinct, this is the only Shabi left.”


 “During the Olden Antiquity Era, Heavenly Court’s qi path great expert Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch nurtured it. After he became rank eight and traveled the world, he purposely looked for the fiendish qi sea springs and created the Shabi from them. He refined a total of ninety-nine Shabi, he formed a grand army with them. These Shabi were compatible with his immortal killer moves, he could use them extremely well, during that era, almost nobody could rival him.”


 “But now, this is the final one. This Shabi was one of the last few created, it was number ninety-five. Thus, it had been named as such, but after Ancestor Giant Sun got invited to Heavenly Court and saw this Shabi, he named it Shabi Ninety-five1window.pubfuturetag = window.pubfuturetag || [];window.pubfuturetag.push({unit: "62b42c79628c8300280ce0bf", id: "pf-1716-1"}).”


 “So there was such a backstory. No wonder lord has such a deep understanding of it.” Five Elements Grandmaster sighed in admiration.


 He looked behind him, only to see that Shabi Ninety-five had whipped up a sandstorm, fighting against ‘Calamity Luck Altar’ with a grand commotion, displaying peak rank eight battle strength!


 Bing Sai Chuan analyzed closely: “Shabi Ninety-five resides in Eternal Sand Cave, it was deployed by Heavenly Court to come here. Green jade crane Ruan Dan will likely come here too, while Cang Xuan Zi is probably not coming.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster asked: “Ruan Dan, Cang Xuan Zi, are they the remaining two legendary immemorial beasts?”


 At the same time, he felt puzzled inside: Why was Bing Sai Chuan so certain that Cang Xuan Zi would not join the battle? Did they have spies in Heavenly Court?


 Bing Sai Chuan answered: “Indeed. Ruan Dan is an immemorial green jade crane, it was nurtured by Immortal Crane Sect and created pill path, it resides in Heavenly Court to cultivate in normal times. As for Cang Xuan Zi, it is that vast heaven vine. This vine has incredible power and abilities, it sprouts in three hundred years, blossoms in three hundred years, and bears fruits in three hundred years. The fruits that it create are called vast heaven fruits, if used in a grotto-heaven, it can expand the size of the immortal aperture’s sky. Thus, this vast heaven vine is also known as the tenth heaven of this world!”


 “Tenth heaven of this world...” Five Elements Grandmaster shook, he suddenly realized as he pointed left: “That huge vine pillar that extends towards the limits of the sky?”


 Heavenly Court had countless palaces, there was a huge vine that connected heaven and earth, it was even taller than the Heaven Overseeing Tower behind the Central Great Hall, it was very eye-catching. When Five Elements Grandmaster invaded Heavenly Court, he noticed it immediately.


 “That’s right, the vast heaven vine was brought in by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable personally, it had an agreement with him, it is a unique existence in Heavenly Court, it does not need to follow orders, but only has to provide a batch of vast heaven fruits every thousand years.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster heard this as he felt his horizons broadening, he had never thought that there would be a legendary immemorial desolate plant in this world that could ignore Heavenly Court’s orders.


 But thinking about it, he knew why.


 The vast heaven vine’s ability was too unique and special. With these vast heaven fruits, Heavenly Court could continue to increase the skies of the immortal aperture and increase its foundation. Rather than saying that the vast heaven vine could ignore Heavenly Court’s orders, it was more like Heavenly Court was making use of it and allowing it some degree of freedom.


 At the moment, in the Central Great Hall.


 “Oh no!” Fairy Zi Wei frowned: “This Calamity Luck Altar is fake.”


 “What?” Duke Long looked over.


 Fairy Zi Wei was in control of Central Great Hall, she had been using the palaces and countless Immortal Gu Houses to observe Central Continent, she obviously kept a high amount of concentration on Heavenly Court’s situation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower could not be moved normally, Fairy Zi Wei mobilized the other Immortal Gu Houses, shooting out a crystal rainbow light.


 The rainbow light tore through the skies, landing on ‘Calamity Luck Altar’.


 “Calamity Luck Altar’ shook before it returned to its original form.


 This was a four legged beast with purple fur.


 Its body was huge, even larger than the Shabi.


 It was like a ferret, its body covered in shiny purple fur, its eyes were shining with a purple crystal-like color, there was a dog tail on its back.


 “Oh! You finally realized, you fools from Heavenly Court! Hahaha...” The purple ferret laughed loudly, mocking its enemies.


 “You are... Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dog tail life extending ferret, Mao Li Qiu?!” Shabi Ninety-five was very shocked, it spoke human words.


 The purple ferret’s expression sank, it quickly moved out like a purple flash of lightning.


 Boom.


 Sand splattered, the dog tail life extending ferret pressed down on the Shabi as it opened its mouth, saying with a fierce expression and low tone: “Remember, call me Grandpa Mao!”


 Shabi Ninety-five was furious, growling: “In terms of age, I am your grandfather instead!”


 It struggled to get up but the dog tail life extending ferret did not budge.


 Shabi Ninety-five was secretly shocked: “This beast has such great strength? But how can I be suppressed like this?”


 “Hahaha, stupid cat and silly ferret, you two are a good couple, this is such an interesting fight.” Right at this moment, laughter resounded above the two beasts.


 Dog tail life extending ferret looked up and saw a Gu Immortal sitting on a cloud, looking at them with a smile.


 The dog tail life extending ferret’s expression froze for a second before it realized: “Oh, so you are that green jade crane, why are you posing as a human? Come down, let your Grandpa Mao teach you how to be a proper bird again!”


 The laughter stopped, the green jade crane was furious: “You insolent ferret, I am going to tear your skin apart.”


 The green jade crane was about to descend when it stopped all of a sudden, Fairy Zi Wei had given it orders secretly, instead of fighting with dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu, it was supposed to head to Five Deity Hall.


 The true Calamity Luck Altar had not shown itself but the route it could take was fixed.


 The green jade crane acknowledged the order and was about to leave when a huge shadow appeared in front of it.


 It looked up and its pupils shrunk.


 Mao Li Qiu had jumped into the sky and its huge form was crashing down while causing a vacuum behind it.


 The green jade crane shrieked before it returned to its true form, it flapped its wings and quickly got out of the casted shadow’s range.


 But at the next moment, Mao Li Qiu’s claws grabbed onto the green jade crane’s leg.


 “Come down here for your Grandpa Mao!” The dog tail life extending ferret snickered as it pulled with its strong limb.


 The green jade crane flapped its wings furiously, but it soon discovered to its despair that any effort ended in vain.


 Slam, the green jade crane landed on the ground, causing a huge pit to form.


 The green jade crane’s ears were buzzing, it only had one thought in its mind now: “This Northern Plains brute has such great strength!”


 The green jade crane struggled to get up but Mao Li Qiu pounced once again.


 Dust clouds rose as rocks were sent flying.


 The green jade crane continued to shriek ——


 “Ahh! You thug, don’t pull my feathers.”


 “Ahh, you mindless beast, don’t bite my leg!”


 “Don’t touch my elegant neck you scumbag!”


 “My neck is breaking, it’s breaking!”


 “Ahhhh, my leg is breaking, my leg is breaking!”


 Duke Long: “...”


 Fairy Zi Wei: “...”


 Five Elements Grandmaster: “...”


 Bing Sai Chuan: “...”


 2Eventually, the green jade crane’s screaming reached its limit: “Stupid cat, what are you doing, why aren’t you coming here and helping me?!”


 “Hahaha, weren’t you having a good time watching earlier? You two can play, I’m leaving.” Shabi Ninety-five laughed as it flew towards Five Deity Hall.


 “Where are you going?” Mao Li Qiu snickered as a clone flew out of its body, pouncing at Shabi Ninety-five with great speed.


 “We are both males, why are you lying on top of me now?!” Shabi Ninety-five was furious.


 3The green jade crane agreed with these words wholeheartedly, it shrieked amidst the dust clouds: “That’s right! Let us go if you have guts... ahhh, stop kicking between my legs, your evil scumbag!”


 Shabi Ninety-five was very angry, it liked the action of pouncing on others, but it liked to be at the top, being at the bottom was a disgrace and humiliation.


 Shabi Ninety-five was struggling on the ground below Mao Li Qiu, it was furious and its teeth were exposed as it growled: “A mere clone, you want to obstruct me, you are simply looking down... hmm?”


 At the next moment, Shabi Ninety-five’s expression became dazed, it was a little fearful: “Is this the main body or a clone? Why does it have such great strength?”


 In the Central Great Hall, Duke Long seemed to have realized something: “This is...”


 Because of Mao Li Qiu’s actions, Calamity Luck Altar obtained some crucial time, it finally arrived at Five Deity Hall.


 “I have already explained the details of Five Deity Hall to you, it will depend on you now.” Bing Sai Chuan said to Five Elements Grandmaster.


 Five Elements Grandmaster looked behind worriedly: “Can Grandpa Mao do it? How long can it last?”


 “Don’t worry, it is using the killer move perfect pair, this was the method of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable that my Longevity Heaven had searched for with great effort! It can summon a clone with the same battle strength as the main body.” Bing Sai Chuan’s lips curled up.


 2“Understood!” Five Elements Grandmaster’s eyes shined with bright light, staring at Five Deity Hall.


 Five Deity Hall shook intensely, a giant spirit made of the five elements, metal, wood, water, fire, earth, formed and attacked Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar burst out with profound light, Five Elements Grandmaster was directly sent into Five Deity Hall.


 The five elements giant spirit was furious, it wanted to defend but Calamity Luck Altar shot out an incredible attraction force that restrained it.



***
Chapter 1713 - Battle Between Venerables


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bam bam bam...


 With a chain of explosions, Five Deity Hall was blown to smithereens amidst a huge fire.


 Five Elements Grandmaster stepped on thin air as he walked out, even though there was some soot on his face, he was unharmed.


 Next, he went inside Calamity Luck Altar.


 Five Elements Grandmaster laughed loudly: “Even though this Five Deity Hall is extraordinary, I am very familiar with its concept, my methods directly counter it. This was much easier than I had expected it to be!”


 As he said that, a sense of pride emerged in him.


 Bing Sai Chuan looked at him and said plainly: “Of course it is, the formation path methods that you use are part of my Ancestor Giant Sun’s arrangements.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was stunned, his expression changed as he looked at Bing Sai Chuan: “What do you mean?”


 Bing Sai Chuan gave him a glance, showing a smile full of deep meaning: “Why do you think you managed to enter Longevity Heaven when you attacked? Do you remember the most important words of your inheritance? Do you find them nonsensical? Try reading them in reverse, but only the last word of each sentence.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was immediately suspicious.


 He was a lone cultivator from birth, his turning point was the mysterious lone immortal formation path true inheritance that he found, it led to his achievements.


 “Ever since I obtained the true inheritance, I cultivated non-stop and had never spoken of it to others. How does Bing Sai Chuan know that my true inheritance has those important sentences? I have never understood what it was saying... reverse the order and read the last word of each line....”


 “Hmm? Listen to Bing Sai Chuan and attack Heavenly Court?!” Five Elements Grandmaster was lost for words, he stared at Bing Sai Chuan in disbelief.


 1Bing Sai Chuan controlled Calamity Luck Altar to move forward while saying slowly: “Even if a rank nine venerable does not cultivate wisdom path, at their level, they have already gained a deep understanding of the path, it is not hard to set up arrangements that will affect future generations.”


 “Back then, after Ancestor Giant Sun visited Heavenly Court, he made plans for today’s invasion. The method to destroy Five Deity Hall was part of his arrangements.”


 “But if he displayed his research results so openly, traces would be left behind and Heavenly Court would notice them. Thus, he secretly left an arrangement that was independent of Longevity Heaven, he allowed it to develop on its own and be cultivated by a lone cultivator. Because you are not of Giant Sun’s bloodline, even if you become a rank eight, Heavenly Court would not expect your methods to counter Five Deity Hall. They would not think of you and link it to our invasion of Heavenly Court!”


 Saying so, Bing Sai Chuan paused and continued: “Grandmaster, the climatic battle involving fate Gu is far more complex than you can ever imagine. Rank six and seven Gu Immortals are not even qualified to join. As for rank eight Gu Immortals, we are merely pawns. Some rank eights refuse to join in, that is because they sensed something and understand their own self-worth. Some joined but are ignorant of the true situation.”


 “The truth behind this great battle is the fight of past venerables across time and space!”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was stunned from hearing this, he muttered: “Fighting across time and space, a battle between venerables?”


 In human history, there were ten venerables. Each one was invincible in their own era, they were at the apex of history, the greatest pride of humanity.


 Bing Sai Chuan revealed the truth, Five Elements Grandmaster was deeply shocked.


 He could not help but feel his own insignificance, his pride from earlier vanished without a trace.


 Bing Sai Chuan glanced at Five Elements Grandmaster’s look of shock as he consoled: “But don’t worry, among the venerables, Ancestor Giant Sun is the most caring towards his descendants and subordinates. He gained a nickname back then because of this.”


 2“The venerables all have their own arrangements, they want to exert their influence at this crucial moment, But after the merciless tides of history, most of these arrangements have been altered in some way. Rank nine venerables are not all-knowing, they would make mistakes too, many arrangements have been completely changed due to the passing of time.”


 “A large number of them were discovered by future venerables and got modified.”


 “Ancestor Giant Sun came after Genesis Lotus and Thieving Heaven, he was succeeded by Spectral Soul and Paradise Earth. The venerables who appear later would naturally have an advantage in setting up their arrangements, our attack on Heavenly Court succeeded to this extent, the reason is obvious.”


 Bing Sai Chuan’s words made Five Elements Grandmaster go into a daze.


 Bing Sai Chuan chuckled afterwards: “So what if there is Duke Long? Can he compare to Ancestor Giant Sun’s arrangements? No need to worry so much, you must have confidence that we will succeed! In this expedition, our Longevity Heaven will definitely obtain fate Gu!”


 1“Obtain fate Gu?” At this moment, Five Elements Grandmaster finally realized Longevity Heaven’s objective in attacking Heavenly Court.


 “That’s right.” Bing Sai Chuan admitted openly, there was no need to hide anything now: “Heavenly Court came to snatch our fortune rivalling heaven Gu, why can’t we come after their fate Gu?”


 “Why is Heavenly Court the number one human force? Fate Gu played a crucial role in it. After getting it, our Longevity Heaven will definitely obtain the throne of the number one human force!”


 In Central Great Hall.


 Fairy Zi Wei looked as Calamity Luck Altar got closer, she had a serious expression: “They are coming!”


 At her side, Old Man Zheng Yuan was also expressing his concern.


 Even though the Central Great Hall was the control area of all the Immortal Gu Houses, it had low defense. After all ,who would think that Heavenly Court’s Central Great Hall would be attacked by enemies?


 Even though this Central Great Hall was once attacked by three Demon Venerables and even got destroyed, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals did not reinforce its defense later on. Because against venerables, no matter how strong Central Great Hall’s defense was, it could not defend against a venerable, there was no point.


 Now it seemed like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already noticed this flaw when he toured Heavenly Court. Longevity Heaven’s assault caught Heavenly Court off-guard, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were in a passive situation.


 “It seems that the true flaw is not in terms of defense but mindset.” Fairy Zi Wei had an understanding as she said: “I seem to have missed out something. Is it...”


 1“How long until fate Gu is fully restored?” At this moment, Duke Long asked.


 Fairy Zi Wei was in charge of the Central Great Hall, she knew the situation of the refinement path formation, she had a heavy heart as she answered: “We need six hours.”


 “Six hours...” Duke Long was joyful: “My lifespan is almost used up, but heaven has taken pity on me, even though six hours is not a lot, I will be able to see fate Gu restored. Next, let me handle this.”


 Fairy Zi Wei asked worriedly: “Lord Duke Long, your injuries have yet to...”


 Even though Heavenly Court tried its best to heal him, Duke Long’s injuries still remained. This was caused by the joint attack of Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals, in the short time, even Duke Long could not heal himself fully.


 Duke Long smiled plainly: “I am about to die anyway, these injuries do not matter. In any case, I have the killer move heavenly dragon’s last stand, at the final moments of my life, in all five regions, is there anyone who can match me in battle?”


 1He had a plain expression but his words revealed utter confidence and dominance!


 Calamity Luck Altar was like a huge beast as it charged down at the Central Great Hall.


 Air was sliced apart, wild winds roared.


 If it hit, the entire Central Great Hall would be reduced to shambles.


 At this moment, a single small body appeared, blocking its path.


 “Duke Long!” Five Elements Grandmaster shouted.


 “Smash into him.” Bull Demon said.


 Boom!


 The hill-like Calamity Luck Altar crashed down ferociously, but it was stopped in midair.


 A dragon claw forced it to stop.


 Duke Long floated in the air, his body did not move but his right hand had turned into sharp dragon claws, grabbing onto Calamity Luck Altar and preventing it from moving any further.


 “This?!” Five Elements Grandmaster was deeply shocked.


 Bull Demon was also in disbelief: “He alone managed to stop Calamity Luck Altar so easily? Unbelievable! If I was not seeing this personally, I would never believe it.”


 Crack...


 The dragon claws exerted strength as they dug into Calamity Luck Altar, cracks started to form and spread around the dragon claws.


 Calamity Luck Altar started to shine in a piercing light, immortal killer moves were used on Duke Long who was in close proximity.


 Despite being bathed in explosions and impacts, Duke Long’s body remained unmoved.


 Roar...


 An immense aura and qi burst out of his body.


 The qi gathered and formed into dragons that coiled around Calamity Luck Altar, squeezing it.


 “What method is this? Duke Long had not used it in the Eastern Sea battle!” Bull Demon squinted.


 He suddenly had a flash of inspiration, uttering: “There is no invincible Immortal Gu, only invincible Gu Immortal.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was shocked once again.


 Dragon qi killer move had unparalleled might, Five Elements Grandmaster knew clearly that if he had to face the attack, he would not last long. Calamity Luck Altar was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, but it was still suppressed by Duke Long singlehandedly!


 Longevity Heaven’s members could already see victory in the horizons, Heaven Overseeing Tower was right ahead but Duke Long obstructed them, turning their hope of victory into an unattainable dream.


 Duke Long was just one person, but he was an obstacle that they could not get past!


 “He is just rank eight, how can our difference be this immense? Lord Bing Sai Chuan, what do we do?” Five Elements Grandmaster was out of ideas.


 The difference in battle strength could not be made up for with courage.


 Five Elements Grandmaster looked at Bing Sai Chuan, but he had already gone missing.


 Where did he go?


 At the next moment, Bing Sai Chuan appeared behind Duke Long.


 His time path killer move that had been prepared for a long time landed on Duke Long’s head.


 “Success?” Bing Sai Chuan’s pupils shrunk.


 Duke Long did not move, instead a vast wave of dragon qi shot out with a loud roar.


 The dragon mouth bit Bing Sai Chuan as it flew up, restraining him in the air.


 Bing Sai Chuan relied on his defenses to hold on while he used killer moves to try and get out of the dragon qi’s restraint.


 But his actions were futile.


 The dragon qi was not indestructible, but its speed of recovery was just too fast.


 “You are clearly injured... this is definitely not your usual battle strength!” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth.


 “How can you possibly comprehend the profundity of my killer move, heavenly dragon’s last stand?” Duke Long looked at Bing Sai Chuan plainly as he placed his focus back on Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar was filled with cracks, it was surrounded by countless dragon shaped qi that pressed down on it, a large number of Gu worms continued to die. Calamity Luck Altar could not break free, if this went on, it would definitely be destroyed.


 Five Elements Grandmaster gritted his teeth: “Let me go out, I would rather die in combat by Duke Long’s hands than die here without doing anything.”


 Bull Demon was silent.


 Bing Sai Chuan suddenly snickered: “I am not your match, but so what? I have my trump card! I respectfully request — Limitless, please turn around!”


 “What?!” This time, it was Duke Long’s turn to be shocked.



***
Chapter 1714 - Limitless Takes Action


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A million years ago!


 Olden Antiquity Era


 Limitless Demon Venerable attacked Heavenly Court and moved unhindered, even though Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals tried to stop him, they were powerless.


 Limitless Demon Venerable moved at a casual speed but none of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could match him, they suffered huge losses and deaths.


 Central Heaven Gate broke into shrapnel, Name Plaque Palace did not even have the time to fly away, in front of Limitless Demon Venerable, Sun Palace and Five Deity Hall were thin as paper, they were simply like a joke.


 Eventually, when Limitless Demon Venerable arrived before the Central Great Hall, Heavenly Court shook, Star Constellation’s will descended and activated Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangement — nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Limitless Demon Venerable landed in the formation and only managed to escape after destroying a hundred formations.


 Below Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Limitless Demon Venerable looked at Star Constellation’s will: “Star Constellation, we are both venerables, you spent so much effort to try and restrict me, even though I hate you, I also admire you. Right now, you are dead while I am alive, no matter how many methods you left behind, so what? You want to stop a living Gu Venerable? That is impossible. Rank nine venerables are invincible in this world, only other venerables can deal with them.”


 Star Constellation’s will smiled bitterly, she opened a path to Heaven Overseeing Tower: “Of course I understand what you are saying. But how can I give up without even trying? Please enter.”


 Limitless Demon Venerable raised his eyebrows: “Not stopping me anymore?”


 Star Constellation’s will said expressionlessly: “Since I cannot stop you, what’s the point? Limitless, since you want to destroy fate Gu, I will accompany you to see it.”


 Limitless Demon Venerable was stunned for a moment, a slight smile appeared on his flawless face.


 1“Interesting.” He said softly as he walked up Heaven Overseeing Tower alongside Star Constellation’s will, when they arrived at the top, they saw fate Gu.


 Not long after, Limitless Demon Venerable left the tower, walking out.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who were deeply injured became greatly surprised, because Limitless Demon Venerable did not destroy fate Gu. It was still in perfect condition at the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, nobody knew what happened inside the tower, or what Star Constellation’s will and Limitless Demon Venerable talked about.


 In the end, Limitless Demon Venerable still had a cold expression, but a slight anger could be felt from his gaze.


 1He looked around, wherever his gaze landed, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt a deep chill, their morale fell to rock bottom.


 Finally, Limitless Demon Venerable looked at Star Constellation’s will: “Hmph, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, you two definitely left many more methods in your lifetimes, are you looking down on me? Use them all, I want to see them myself.”


 Star Constellation sighed bitterly.


 But Limitless Demon Venerable was bent on fighting, she could only entertain him.


 Thus, a bloody battle continued.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were sacrificed in Limitless Demon Venerable’s hands, countless died.


 Wherever Limitless Demon Venerable went, pool of blood and corpses appeared. Star Constellation’s will followed behind him, watching calmly as he slaughtered endlessly.


 After a while, the water of Forgotten Dao Lake became blood red in color.


 Limitless Demon Venerable squinted, the feeling of joy from slaughtering emerged in his heart.


 1At this moment, he looked at the lake’s ripples as he asked: “What lake is this?”


 “Forgotten Dao Lake.”


 “Forgotten Dao Lake? The lake suits the name, it is a good lake. It is too much of a pity if I destroy it.” Limitless Demon Venerable suddenly became energetic: “Forgotten Dao, Forgotten Dao, but who can really forget their Dao?”


 After some silence, Star Constellation’s will said: “Since you already came to Heavenly Court, why don’t you take a look around?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable looked at Star Constellation’s will with deep meaning: “Aren’t you afraid that I will destroy Heavenly Court?”


 Star Constellation’s will was very calm: “You cannot destroy Heavenly Court. Not only will master’s supreme methods activate when Heavenly Court faces a fatal crisis, even if you succeed in destroying Heavenly Court, can you destroy fate Gu?”


 Saying so, Star Constellation’s will showed a solemn expression: “And most importantly, the true Heavenly Court is not here, it is within our hearts. Even if Heavenly Court is destroyed, a new generation will rebuild it. Limitless, you can’t live forever right?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable stood silently on the spot, staring at Star Constellation’s will as his gaze became icy cold.


 Star Constellation’s will looked straight at him with a calm expression.


 A long while later, Limitless Demon Venerable nodded: “As expected of Star Constellation, you are absolutely right.”


 Star Constellation’s will felt no surprise: “Let’s continue the tour?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable went up Star Zone Mountain, he saw a pavilion at the peak.


 It was naturally an Immortal Gu House.


 Limitless Demon Venerable stepped into the pavilion, looking down at the whole of Heavenly Court, other than the bloody road that he created through his slaughter until now, the other areas were still grand and elegant.


 Limitless Demon Venerable breathed in deeply, he was revitalized: “This is a good pavilion, what is its name?”


 “Imperfection Regret Pavilion.” Star Constellation’s will answered.


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s eyes shined, this rank eight Immortal Gu House had no secret in front of him, he could understand the profundity and structure of the construct at first glance.


 He nodded: “Imperfection Regret Pavilion, it is a good name, it is quite appropriate.”


 “Regret, regret, I could not accomplish my goal in this trip, it is truly a great regret. But whose life can be perfect without imperfection or regrets?”


 He seemed to be asking Star Constellation’s will, but he also looked like he was mumbling to himself, his tone was quite complex.


 Star Constellation’s will was silent.


 Limitless Demon Venerable suddenly laughed as his expression vanished, he became cold and aloof again.


 He clapped: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, these are truly impressive arrangements. However, my interest is piqued again.”


 Star Constellation’s will had a change of expression.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangement was not just the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, in truth, Forgotten Dao Lake and Imperfection Regret Pavilion were also part of her meticulous set up.


 COMMENT


 Limitless Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, he could not be blocked, the only way to preserve Heavenly Court was by eliminating his killing intent and fighting spirit.


 In this aspect, wisdom path Gu Immortals were the most proficient.


 Even though Limitless Demon Venerable was affected by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, his fighting spirit only fell for a moment before it returned.


 Limitless Demon Venerable did not attack again, he looked at Star Constellation’s will: “I was born in the wrong era, it is a pity that I cannot be part of the great era a million years later. Star Constellation, the same applies for you, in that case, I have a suggestion.”


 “Please go ahead.”


 “Why don’t we play a game of chess in this pavilion.”


 “Chess?” Star Constellation’s will was stunned: “Sure, both of us need this chessboard after all.”


 For the next few days, Limitless Demon Venerable stayed inside Imperfection Regret Pavilion as he played chess with Star Constellation’s will.


 When Limitless Demon Venerable left, Star Constellation’s will also vanished within the pavilion. Imperfection Regret Pavilion thus became a forbidden area of Heavenly Court.


 During normal times, Imperfection Regret Pavilion would have no commotion. But at times, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would be able to see two vague figures inside the pavilion.


 Regardless of what angle they were at, they could only see the sides of these two people. One was male and the other was female, they resembled Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Limitless Demon Venerable.


 But any Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who saw this sight would usually die days later. The lucky few who survived would feel an absurd increase in their strength.


 Years later.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable went to Imperfection Regret Pavilion and wanted to get rid of this threat, but in the end, he shook his head as he left Star Zone Mountain.


 Many years passed again.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was invited to tour Heavenly Court. He saw Embroidered Tower, he saw the three pieces of bloody skins left by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, he entered Heaven Overseeing Tower and saw fate Gu. Finally, he came here but did not ascend the mountain, he only took a look at Imperfection Regret Pavilion before he left.


 COMMENT


 These records flashed by Duke Long’s mind in an instant.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is very crafty, he must have noticed something back then. Why is Bing Sai Chuan able to mobilize the power that Limitless Demon Venerable left behind?”


 Duke Long thought about it rapidly, he wanted to stop Bing Sai Chuan but he had no method to do so.


 He acutely sensed that a profound aura had emerged from Bing Sai Chuan’s body before it vanished without a trace.


 Far away, at the peak of Star Zone Mountain.


 Two shadows that were playing chess appeared on the empty Imperfection Regret Pavilion, along with their chessboard.


 Even though only their sides could be seen, it was still possible to see that the female had unparalleled beauty, while the male had a cold expression.


 It was the scene of two venerables plotting against each other!


 Ripples appeared in the air, the still image of the two venerables started to turn bright.


 Star Constellation had a complex gaze, raising her head to look at Limitless: “The person you are waiting for is here?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable shook his head, sighing: “He is not here yet, but there is someone from my homeland who has inherited one of my true inheritances, I have to help him.”


 Saying so, he lifted a chess piece from the board and flicked it.


 In the entire process, Limitless Demon Venerable did not even take a look at the battlefield, much less turn around.


 The chess piece flew out of Imperfection Regret Pavilion as the image of the two venerables faded away, only an empty Imperfection Regret Pavilion was left.


 The chess piece flew at a shocking speed, it landed on Duke Long almost instantly.


 Duke Long’s body shook intensely, shock expressed all over his face.


 Plop.


 At the next moment, Duke Long fell from the air, crashing on the ground.


 The power of the chess piece materialized as illusory silver-white chains, tying him up and stabbing into his phantom aperture, sealing all of his Gu worms.


 Duke Long’s eyes were wide opened, he could breathe normally but could not move an inch.


 He found that even though his strength was still around, whenever he tried to break free, the chains would emit similar strength that canceled out all of his effort.


 This was a rank nine immortal killer move!


 Duke Long was forcefully restrained, the dragon qi he created also dispersed. Calamity Luck Altar and Bing Sai Chuan regained their freedom.


 Bing Sai Chuan shouted loudly as he charged at Duke Long, but the strongest killer move that he used was easily blocked by the silvery chains the moment it reached Duke Long.


 Duke Long was unharmed.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s heart sank: “This rank nine killer move restricts Duke Long but also protects him. Because this is a battle between venerables, even though there is Limitless Demon Venerable’s strength, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s will is also involved?”


 Since he could not kill Duke Long, Bing Sai Chuan gave up that idea immediately.


 He jumped into Calamity Luck Altar and at the next moment, Calamity Luck Altar moved and the Central Great Hall was smashed to bits!


 Fairy Zi Wei could only bring Old Man Zheng Yuan away as they escaped rapidly.



***
Chapter 1715 - Heavenly Court Awakens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was grim.


 The Central Great Hall was the control area of Heavenly Court’s palaces, now that it was destroyed, Fairy Zi Wei’s control fell drastically! She would need to expend a lot of time and effort to mobilize them now.


 But in intense battles like this, every breath of time was precious.


 The Central Great Hall became a pile of rubbles, ahead of Calamity Luck Altar was a tall tower.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower!” Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan had a heated gaze.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was famous in the world, all Gu Immortals in the five regions knew about it. Right now, it was still and motionless, a refinement path immortal formation was shining in bright light, enveloping it.


 “Fate Gu is at the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, it is being repaired using the refinement path formation!” Bing Sai Chuan frowned.


 Heavenly Court’s defenses were very tight, Heaven Overseeing Tower was actually the final line of defense.


 The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was not over yet, but only the finals were left. Because countless Gu Masters failed in their Gu refinement, there was already many success dao marks inside Infallible blessed land.


 These dao marks were taken by Heavenly Court, they used them to repair fate Gu, ensuring that nothing went wrong in the process.


 “We cannot directly destroy this refinement path formation, otherwise, fate Gu’s recovery might be ruined due to the backlash, it will return to its originally injured state. We need to go in and snatch it!” Thinking of this, Bing Sai Chuan gave orders to Five Elements Grandmaster and Bull Demon.


 Bull Demon acknowledged the order while Five Elements Grandmaster became hesitant: “Lord Bing Sai Chuan, there might be a slight problem. If we gain a good chance to snatch fate Gu but it has not been repaired fully yet, what do we do?”


 This was a problem indeed.


 Heavenly Court had methods to restore fate Gu, they were relying on human path killer moves, the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, and a vast number of failures to create the success dao marks in Infallible blessed land that could be used to repair fate Gu.


 Longevity Heaven did not have such methods.


 Bing Sai Chuan looked at Five Elements Grandmaster, at this point in time, there was no need for any concealment, he said the truth: “We want fate Gu in such a state. It had been repaired by Heavenly Court for countless years, it is near complete recovery now. This is the fate Gu that we want.”


 “A fully repaired fate Gu cannot be used by anyone. Even Heavenly Court can only use it through Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower, to look at the fate of all lifeforms in this world. If anyone can truly control fate Gu, they will be able to decide the traces of fate, they will be able to manipulate the lives of all beings. It is a pity, even though the venerables of past generations tried so, none of them have ever succeeded.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was curious: “In that case, what is the point of snatching an incomplete fate Gu?”


 Bing Sai Chuan smiled lightly: “We cannot control fate Gu, the reason that the past venerables came up with was that the activation of fate Gu has a high requirement, only heaven’s will can control it. But this does not mean that we cannot use fate Gu itself.”


 “Heavenly Court’s Heaven Overseeing Tower is the best example. They are able to make use of fate Gu, even though it is a minor usage.”


 “Other than that, Heavenly Court has another method, that is to use fate Gu as an immortal material to refine it with a luck path Immortal Gu and create destiny Gu!”


 2“Destiny Gu?” Five Elements Grandmaster’s pupils shrunk.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s smile widened: “That is the reason why Heavenly Court invaded Northern Plains to try and snatch fortune rivalling heaven Gu for themselves.”


 “So that’s it.” Five Elements Grandmaster realized.


 Bing Sai Chuan continued: “But they do not know that the so called destiny Gu was first conceptualized by Ancestor Giant Sun. Heavenly Court wants to refine rank ten destiny Gu in one go, they are too ambitious. We are different, we only want a rank nine destiny Gu, thus, the fate Gu that we use does not need to be fully restored.”


 “As long as we have rank nine destiny Gu, my Longevity Heaven will be able to contest Heavenly Court. In the following great era, we will dominate and replace Heavenly Court, we will reign over the five regions, we can even become the supreme rulers of all beings in this world!”


 Five Elements Grandmaster was tongue-tied, Longevity Heaven’s ambition was shocking, but he was also in deep admiration towards Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s plan: “So Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already planned for Heavenly Court’s invasion long ago, Longevity Heaven only used the arrangements today!”


 Hearing Bing Sai Chuan’s explanation and encouragement, Five Elements Grandmaster hesitated no more, he went with Bull Demon as they flew out towards the refinement path formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was at the center of the formation, they had to charge up to the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower to take away fate Gu.


 “They’ve entered the formation!” Old Man Zheng Yuan watched from afar, he had a worried expression.


 Fairy Zi Wei was not too worried: “This refinement path formation was specially set up, it is not the Refinement Cauldron formation from earlier, not only is Yuan Qiong Du inside, there are two other rank eights helping with the Gu refinement.”


 Even though the Refinement Cauldron formation was effective in repairing fate Gu, because it was a copy of Lang Ya blessed land’s Refinement Cauldron, Heavenly Court stopped using it.


 After all, Longevity Heaven had already annexed Lang Ya Sect, they already had information of the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.


 Inside the refinement path formation, Yuan Qiong Du was the main person in charge, he had to concentrate and could not leave. The two Heavenly Court rank eights helping him could temporarily stop their work and help protect Yuan Qiong Du.


 Thoughts flickered in Fairy Zi Wei’s mind continuously: “Since Longevity Heaven sent people to invade the formation, they must be trying to snatch fate Gu and not destroy it, that’s why they are acting so cautiously. Only otherworldly demons can destroy fate Gu, while Fang Yuan is at Emperor City now, we still have time.”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei did not join the battle, instead, she placed Old Man Zheng Yuan under protection.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, he could not participate in the fight. But he had a crucial use, he was the key to using Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s human path methods!


 After making sure Old Man Zheng Yuan was safe, Fairy Zi Wei returned to the battlefield.


 Calamity Luck Altar was floating in the air, blocking the entrance to the refinement path formation.


 Within the formation space, Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster were already fighting against the two Heavenly Court rank eights.


 With a cry, Fairy Zi Wei had countless thoughts rain down like a meteor storm, crashing towards Calamity Luck Altar.


 This was an extraordinary immortal killer move, with the amplification of Star Constellation Chessboard, even Calamity Luck Altar could not ignore it.


 Bing Sai Chuan healed his injuries while he controlled Calamity Luck Altar to resist Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s Star Constellation Chessboard was also a rank eight Immortal Gu House created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, while Calamity Luck Altar was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The fight between two Immortal Gu Houses was also akin to the fight between Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 At once, the scene was intense.


 Both sides went all out with their abilities, rank eight immortal killer moves had incredible power, but thankfully Heavenly Court was defended by past venerables’ methods, it was not destroyed.


 As the battle went on, Fairy Zi Wei’s breathing became heavier.


 Even though she controlled Star Constellation Chessboard, it was tiny and could be held in one hand. Compared to it, Calamity Luck Altar was huge and blocked the formation entirely, it had an advantage.


 During this time, Fairy Zi Wei also wanted to save Duke Long.


 But Duke Long was bound by silvery chains made by Limitless Demon Venerable’s method, once Fairy Zi Wei got close, she felt a strong repulsion force. Any immortal killer move she used was also dispelled by the chains.


 Thankfully, this was a form of protection for Duke Long, even though he was in the battlefield, he was completely unharmed. Meanwhile, the palaces around him were turned into ruins, there were many crevices and pits all over the area.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Duke Long gritted his teeth, he continued to struggle but there was no effect.


 “This is not going well.” Fairy Zi Wei had a heavy heart, she was engaged in a long fight, she could not help Yuan Qiong Du who was inside the formation.


 Even though Longevity Heaven did not bring many Gu Immortals, all of them who came were rank eight elites, they had their respective roles.


 At this rate, they might really be able to take fate Gu away.


 Right when Fairy Zi Wei felt helpless against the situation, a corner of Heavenly Court shook intensely, auras started to grow from nowhere, rapidly expanding.


 “That is... the immortal graveyard!” Fairy Zi Wei was overjoyed.


 Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard had countless rank eight experts. It was unfathomable, not even Fairy Zi Wei knew how many rank eights were sleeping there.


 At the critical moment, Heavenly Court finally expended its foundation, the slumbering Gu Immortals sensed it and awakened from their slumber!


 “You dare attack my Heavenly Court, you are courting death!” With an explosive voice, a muscular Gu Immortal with a bear head jumped up, his body flying into the sky as his cold gaze stared at Calamity Luck Altar.


 While he said that, his figure vanished on the spot.


 “Such speed!” Bing Sai Chuan was shocked.


 At the next moment, with a loud crash, Calamity Luck Altar fell like a toppling mountain, it was sent flying by a huge force.


 A huge black bear that was even larger than Calamity Luck Altar stood at where it was blocking earlier.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined brightly: “This is Senior Zhang Fei Xiong, a transformation path great expert of Heavenly Court! He is most skilled in bear-type transformations, his strength can rival mountains, his power can move the earth.”


 “The juniors are too useless, outsiders actually managed to attack Heavenly Court so deeply, hmm? Central Great Hall was destroyed?” A voice resounded again.


 COMMENT


 An old Gu Immortal appeared in the air.


 He had a pale face and thin body, he looked like he was sick. Right now, he sat on a wheelchair, his body seemed weak but his eyes shined with cold light, it made people feel fear and worry.


 “Ah.” Fairy Zi Wei gasped: “Lord Gu Liu Ru. Sigh, he is a time path great expert, if he had woken earlier to defend the River of Time, taking the place of Senior Li Huang, Fang Yuan would not have escaped!”


 Calamity Luck Altar flew into the sky again, as Gu Liu Ru pointed his finger at it.


 The entire rank eight Immortal Gu House started to move several times as slowly!


 Zhang Fei Xiong laughed loudly as he pounced, crashing into Calamity Luck Altar as he pressed down on it, suppressing it.


 “Who woke me up? Sigh, I am so old, if I sleep any less, I will get more wrinkles, I will be ugly! Little sister, don’t you agree?” A beautiful figure appeared beside Fairy Zi Wei all of a sudden.


 Fairy Zi Wei was taken aback, she did not sense anything.


 “Junior greets Senior Wan Zi Hong.” Fairy Zi Wei bowed respectfully.


 “Don’t call me senior, call me sister. Look, are there more wrinkles near my eyes now?” This newly awakened female immortal got close to Fairy Zi Wei as she asked with deep concern.


 Fairy Zi Wei looked at the snow-white, beautiful and flawless face, she was speechless but her expression became very polite: “There are no wrinkles, Wan... sister, you are too worried.”


 She was very cautious.


 Because this female immortal Wan Zi Hong did not have an ordinary background.


 Most of Heavenly Court’s members were chosen from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, but this Wan Zi Hong was once a great demon that wreaked havoc in Western Desert, she was absorbed by Heavenly Court to become one of its members.


 Zhang Fei Xiong, Gu Liu Ru, Wan Zi Hong... one by one, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals woke up from the immortal graveyard.


 At once, the numbers on each side became tilted, the situation changed drastically.


 “So many reinforcements at once? Are there more?” Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly.


 In this dangerous situation, he was still able to laugh.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a bad feeling, since Longevity Heaven was attacking Heavenly Court, how could they not expect the situation in the immortal graveyard?


 “Do you know why I bought Calamity Luck Altar? Because the killer move of a former Demon Venerable is in it.” At this moment, Bing Sai Chuan’s gaze became deep and unfathomable.


 But what method gave him such confidence?



***
Chapter 1716 - Number One Battle Strength Among Legendary Immemorial Beasts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hidden Dragon Cave battlefield.


 The super immortal formation suppressing Di Zang Sheng was broken by Eastern Sea’s rank eights, it was half collapsed, only the central core area was still active.


 Old Man Bei Feng was heavily injured, he could barely hold down the situation. His grandson Feng Chan Zi was beside him, waiting for Heavenly Court’s reinforcements to no avail. The despair on Feng Chan Zi’s face became increasingly deep.


 Outside the central area, Eastern Sea’s rank eights completely surrounded this formation.


 Hua clan first supreme elder Hua Cai Yun let out an immemorial cloud beast, it continued to dwindle away at the formation’s core.


 “This is Heavenly Court’s creation after all, even just the core of the formation can resist my cloud beast’s corrosion.” Hua Cai Yun sighed.


 Roar—!


 At this time, a loud dragon roar could be heard from deep within the abyss, it was ground shaking.


 Sound waves reverberated, causing the entire Earth Trench to tremor, countless rocks started to fall off the Earth Trench’s cliffs.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights looked at the abyss below them worriedly, Shen Cong Sheng urged: “The formation is half destroyed, it cannot suppress Di Zang Sheng anymore, to avoid problems, we need to act now.”


 Di Zang Sheng was a very unique legendary immemorial desolate beast. Because it was created from the power of Central Continent’s earth veins, it was born from endless hatred, anger, and grudges.


 Thus, it bore natural hatred and killing intent towards humans, and most importantly, unless its source was destroyed, it would never die. It had once caused great trouble to Heavenly Court, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals did not want to fight Di Zang Sheng for no reason. They wanted to take away Dragon Palace to regain their reputation, if Di Zang Sheng was released, it would continue to find trouble with Heavenly Court and Central Continent.


 “It is ready.” Song Qi Yuan nodded.


 “Puff.” He muttered lightly.


 Immortal killer move — Broken Mirror Shard Light.


 Crack!


 With a loud sound resembling a mirror falling on the ground and shattering into countless pieces.


 The entire formation core area’s light halo also shattered like a mirror, exposing Old Man Bei Feng and Feng Chan Zi who were inside.


 “No!” Feng Chan Zi was so scared he quickly screamed and moved back.


 Song Qi Yuan’s killer move was very special, it created no commotion when used at first, only after a long period of nurturing would it catch people off-guard and create an unexpected result.


 This broken mirror shard light was Song Qi Yuan’s proud method, it was mostly used against stationary enemies like formations.


 The formation broke, Di Zang Sheng growled loudly, the sound waves created shook the entire Earth Trench.


 “Quick, make use of the time!” Eastern Sea’s rank eights attacked.


 “I am going to die!” Feng Chan Zi fell backwards, he was so scared he shut his eyes, shivering with a distorted expression, awaiting his death.


 Old Man Bei Feng sighed deeply, he could not fight anymore, the difference in strength was too big, he could only wait for his death.


 “Don’t kill him, let me capture him alive.” Shen Cong Sheng suddenly said.


 Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals halted their attacks, they were quite surprised, did Shen Cong Sheng have a method to capture a rank eight Gu Immortal alive?


 “Everyone, take a good look.” Shen Cong Sheng smiled confidently: “Go.”


 The Eastern Sea immortals saw that countless threads appeared around Old Man Bei Feng’s body, he was wrapped up like a cocoon.


 “This is a new killer move that I created recently, it is called lingering sound!” Shen Cong Sheng explained.


 Old Man Bei Feng had a furious expression, he was already prepared for death, but these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals actually wanted to capture him alive, it was a great humiliation.


 Eastern Sea’s immortals were quiet.


 It seemed like Shen Cong Sheng could really capture rank eight Gu Immortals. Even though Old Man Bei Feng was defenseless at the moment, Shen Cong Sheng’s method was still quite threatening.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had very deep foundations, it was evident from seeing Shen Cong Sheng’s method.


 Old Man Bei Feng could not resist, as for Feng Chan Zi, he was already shivering from fear, Eastern Sea’s immortals did not even bother with this cowardly rank six immortal.


 Shen Cong Sheng used his immortal killer move to its limit and captured Old Man Bei Feng. The value of a living rank eight Gu Immortal was much higher than a dead one. Forget about the rest, just the reputation gained from capturing a great expert of the same rank was enough for Shen Cong Sheng and the entire Shen clan’s reputation to soar in Eastern Sea!


 The other immortals started to look for Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace.


 They had come here together for this rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Soon, Zhang Yin found something.


 “Over there!” He pointed with an excited expression, before using an investigative immortal killer move.


 After using the killer move, an Immortal Gu House appeared, it floated above everyone’s head, it was several tens of meters on top of Old Man Bei Feng.


 The Eastern Sea immortals were overjoyed, what else but Dragon Palace could this be?


 Other than Shen Cong Sheng, the other Eastern Sea immortals quickly gathered with an excited expression.


 Shen Cong Sheng concentrated on dealing with Old Man Bei Feng, he felt no anxiety. Before coming here, the Eastern Sea immortals had already set an alliance agreement, it had quite the binding force. The rule was: If Eastern Sea’s immortals obtain Dragon Palace, everyone would get a share. As for the share, it would depend on how much effort they put in.


 Since Dragon Palace appeared, Song Qi Yuan and the rest started to try and capture it.


 But after using several killer moves, Dragon Palace only shook, it did not acknowledge a new owner.


 “This Immortal Gu House is really extraordinary!” Dragon Palace’s fierce resistance made the Eastern Sea immortals even more excited, their desire for Dragon Palace rose even more.


 Gradually, while trying to capture it, they realized a huge secret.


 “So that’s it.”


 “Heavenly Court placed Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace here to try and tame Di Zang Sheng!”


 “Even though Di Zang Sheng was born from the earth vein and negative emotions, it is still considered a dragon, it is countered by Dragon Palace, thus there is a possibility of subduing it.”


 “Duke Long has a good plan indeed! Now that the five regions’ earth veins are becoming one, and Di Zang Sheng’s power comes from the earth vein, once they combine, Di Zang Sheng’s power will rise by at least five times!”


 “Don’t forget, when the earth veins become one and the five regional walls vanish, the world would be in chaos and conflict, by then, there will be a great amount of fear, hatred, jealousy, and other emotions. With that, Di Zang Sheng’s strength will rise again.”


 Eastern Sea’s immortals conversed as some gasped.


 At this rate, among the legendary immemorial desolate beasts, Di Zang Sheng might become the number one among them.


 It already had peak rank eight battle strength to begin with, after the boost, it might even be able to reach pseudo-Immortal Venerable!


 “No wonder Duke Long paid a huge price to obtain Dragon Palace, he wanted to subdue a pseudo-Immortal Venerable battle strength to suppress the situation.”


 “Thankfully we came to stop Heavenly Court’s plan, otherwise, we will have trouble during the five regions chaotic war.”


 2Eastern Sea’s immortals were very glad.


 “No wonder we could only hear dragon roars even though the formation broke, Di Zang Sheng has not escaped yet.”


 “Right now, Dragon Palace is suppressing Di Zang Sheng, we need to wait a bit more.”


 “That’s right, after Dragon Palace subdues Di Zang Sheng, not only would we gain a rank eight Immortal Gu House, we will also gain an existence with great battle strength.”


 1“If Heavenly Court finds out, they would probably puke blood.”


 “Hahaha, truly fantastic, fantastic.”


 Emperor City battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Fang Yuan activated it in succession, Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses avoided them wherever the ghost hands went.


 Great thief ghost hand could steal Gu worms, Fang Yuan could use this killer move to steal rank eight Immortal Gu, even if they were hiding inside the grotto-heavens of Gu Immortals.


 The essence of Immortal Gu Houses was the combination of Gu worms to create a stable form. It could be seen as a combination of many killer moves, or a mobile immortal formation.


 Be it immortal killer move, Immortal Gu House, or immortal formation, they were all ways to use Gu worms. Even though they appear different, the essence was the same.


 Great thief ghost hand could even steal Gu worms inside immortal apertures, not to mention Immortal Gu Houses which were essentially mobile immortal formations that exposed their Gu worms on the outside.


 Undeniably, great thief ghost hand countered Immortal Gu Houses!


 Fang Yuan relied on great thief ghost hand to attack, managing to steal many Gu worms.


 He had targeted Immortal Gu Houses before, but that was Great Space Temple which had a method that resisted great thief ghost hand. In truth, most Immortal Gu Houses did not have a way to counter Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand.


 The Immortal Gu House defense line that Heavenly Court meticulously created became a huge mess because of Fang Yuan’s interference and influence.


 “Scoundrel Fang Yuan, accept your death!” At the critical moment, Li Huang shouted as he pounced at Fang Yuan with verdant sun flame cloak on him.


 Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses could not deal with Fang Yuan, but their Gu Immortals could.


 It was much harder for great thief ghost hand to steal Immortal Gu from immortal apertures than Immortal Gu Houses!


 Especially when Li Huang had verdant sun flame cloak, it could defend against Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand.


 Fang Yuan saw that Li Huang had approached him, he advanced instead of retreating: “Li Huang, you finally showed up at long last, I’ve been waiting for you!”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan turned into the immemorial year monkey and spitted. 

 Instantly, spring scissors killer move flew out, tearing through space as it targeted Li Huang.


 Next, Fang Yuan breathed in deeply as the monkey grabbed empty space with both hands, pulling out a huge fan out of nowhere.


 It was immortal killer move — Summer Fan.


 Snip!


 “What?!” Li Huang had a shocked gaze as the cloak on his back became torn, its defense was greatly lowered.


 Fan!


 Whoosh!


 Intense winds blew, the world changed colors.


 Li Huang was hit as he flew far away due to the wind.


 “How did his strength rise so drastically?” Li Huang looked at the tiny spark left on his verdant sun flame cloak as he showed an ugly expression.


 Because when he got attacked earlier, he saw that the situation was bad and activated verdant sun flame cloak once again.


 This fire path defensive killer move had a great attribute, it could be used consecutively and stacked. The weakness was that the expended immortal essence would be twice as high!



***
Chapter 1717 - Call of the Ancient


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Li Huang, don’t tell me this is your full strength!” Fang Yuan roared, his body moved like a flash, rampaging in the battlefield, chasing after Li Huang.


 Li Huang retreated as he activated verdant sun flame cloak again and again.


 Spring scissors continued to fly around him, cutting up all of the flame cloaks on his back.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sharp light, the immortal killer move’s aura surged for an instant.


 “Damn it!” Li Huang sensed something and became alert, he quickly changed directions.


 Fang Yuan’s time path killer move did not hit Li Huang, his battle experience was too rich.


 “Lord Li Huang, let us help you!” At this moment, Wind Sweeping Building came to reinforce him.


 It was surrounded by a wall of wind, it could resist great thief ghost hand to some extent.


 Fang Yuan snickered with disdain: “Get lost!”


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Tornadoes swept all over the place, Wind Sweeping Building was forced to a halt. There was no choice, summer fan’s wind was just an appearance, the true essence was time path’s power. Wind Sweeping Building was a wind path Immortal Gu House, it was not good against such time path killer moves.


 Li Huang could only continue to escape.


 Fang Yuan’s strength had risen absurdly, it was shocking to everyone.


 Inside Emperor City, the Gu Masters continued with the final competition. The Gu Immortals guarding Emperor City had already isolated all of the noise outside, these Gu Masters could concentrate on refining Gu.


 “To think that even Lord Li Huang is not this demon Fang Yuan’s match!”


 “This demon is too impressive, he had obtained many venerable inheritances, his demonic might is truly terrifying. But don’t worry, even though Emperor City is a mortal Gu House, it contains human path methods, at the crucial moment, immortal killer moves will protect us all.”


 The Gu Immortals encouraged each other and raised their morale.


 Emperor City was the number one city of humanity, it used a vast number of mortal Gu to build. Even though the city had relocated a dozen times and was no longer at its original spot, it had an immensely long history, it could be traced back to the era where humanity rose, this was the first Emperor City built as a result of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s decision.


 “Fang Yuan, don’t be too arrogant, face me instead!” Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye saw that the situation was bad, he had to enter the battle.


 Li Huang saw the chance and did not escape, he fought alongside Qing Ye.


 Fang Yuan shouted loudly, he disregarded the immortal essence expenditure and activated killer moves targeting Emperor City.


 Li Huang and Qing Ye blocked Fang Yuan from the front, but after his barrage of attacks, they were forced to move back.


 This sight made the Western Desert Gu Immortals go into a daze.


 “Fang Yuan is so ferocious!”


 “No wonder he could oppose Heavenly Court for so many years and still remain unharmed.”


 “We will detour around him, try not to provoke this person.”


 “That’s right, we will focus on destroying Emperor City!”


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 “Farewell friend wind! This is actually farewell friend wind!!” Seeing Wu Yong’s move succeed against Chen Yi, the Central Continent Gu Immortals defending the immortal formation felt deep fear within them.


 This farewell friend wind had an incredible origin, it was created by a peculiar genius.


 This peculiar genius was named Daoist Black Heart, he cultivated wind path but gained a lot of insight from reading > during his later years. After nearly ten years of closed cultivation, he created farewell friend wind killer move.


 This was a wind path method that had the profundities of human path, its power was extraordinary!


 After creating this move, Daoist Black Heart started to make friends all over the place, he often sacrificed his own gains for his friends. Initially, the five regions’ Gu Immortals did not know the reason, they were very friendly towards Daoist Black Heart who often gave them expensive gifts. Even those who did not want to befriend Daoist Black Heart were unwilling to antagonize him, they pretended to be friendly with him.


 But it was all Daoist Black Heart’s scheme!


 Any killer move had a process of sensing the target.


 Like Fang Yuan’s lead soul into dream killer move, it needed the sense the enemy’s soul. Otherwise, this killer move could not be used.


 Even if many Gu Immortals cannot unravel immortal killer moves, they can target this process and defend themselves.


 But farewell friend wind was special.


 It could only sense friends and target them.


 The ‘friend’ here did not refer to just true friends, even fake friends or superficial friends with ill intentions were detectable.


 Using this move, Daoist Black Heart became renowned in the five regions, he was extremely famous and nobody dared to provoke him.


 Afterwards, when many people got attacked by it, through the deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals, the truth behind farewell friend wind was finally exposed.


 Many Gu Immortals who learned of farewell friend wind’s secret scolded Daoist Black Heart for his vicious heart. Countless people who once called Daoist Black Heart their friend started to shudder in fear and unease.


 In this world, there were no invincible killer moves.


 Soon, one of farewell friend wind’s weaknesses was exposed. To activate it, the user had to directly touch the body of the target Gu Immortal.


 Even though farewell friend wind was strong, with these two problems, it became easier to deal with.


 Even though Daoist Black Heart became very famous and renowned, he became extremely lonely in his final years, everyone avoided him like the plague. Towards the end of his life, he was all alone, it was a bitter ending.


 Wu Yong’s possession of farewell friend wind shocked all of the immortals here.


 But regardless, Wu Yong succeeded and Chen Yi was hit.


 He was going to die!


 Everyone realized this.


 Bai Cang Shui shrieked as she charged at Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong’s body flickered as he vanished on the spot.


 Bai Cang Shui grabbed onto Chen Yi, even though he was no longer floating, he could not move, even his eyebrows and skin started to erode.


 Wu Yong appeared before the Southern Border immortals again.


 This time, the Southern Alliance immortals looked at him with a complex gaze, there were wariness, fear, and respect all in their eyes.


 “Wu Yong possesses farewell friend wind killer move, it is equivalent to Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal. This is a trump card that can change the situation around once it is used.”


 “Since when did Wu Yong become friends with Chen Yi?”


 “How hard can it be? When doing business in treasure yellow heaven, wouldn’t everyone call each other friends anyway? Compared to that, I am more worried about Wu Yong’s schemes.”


 Wu Yong still stood in front of the Southern Alliance immortals, he looked at Chen Yi who was far away, praising: “As expected of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal, the former first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect. Your defense is incredible, this is the first time I’ve seen anyone disintegrate so slowly from my farewell friend wind.”


 He seemed to be praising the enemy but he was also flaunting his own battle strength.


 The Southern Alliance Gu Immortals quickly responded.


 “That’s right, there had never been anyone who survived a hit from farewell friend wind!”


 “Chen Yi is dead meat.”


 “With Lord Wu Yong around, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals are just a disoriented bunch after all.”


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 Inside the Gu refinement formation.


 Two huge battles were underway.


 “Spear!” Heavenly Court’s rank eight Che Wei shouted.


 Immediately, a gigantic black spear that was the size of an ancient tree shot towards Five Elements Grandmaster.


 “Arrow.” Che Wei shouted again.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Countless arrows appeared out of nowhere, they rained down and enveloped Five Elements Grandmaster.


 But Five Elements Grandmaster remained standing, even though he was attacked endlessly, he still had the time to talk: “Impressive, Che Wei, you are about to create a new path, these killer moves are very interesting. But it is useless, you cannot break the protection of my five elements ring.”


 “Blade.” Che Wei ignored Five Elements Grandmaster, he held a large blade and charged up to fight Five Elements Grandmaster in close combat.


 At the same time, at another battle.


 Bull Demon took the initiative to attack while Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Cong Yan defended himself.


 Bull Demon’s attacks were ferocious, each movement created layers of phantom shadows. These shadows were able to attack and by cooperating with Bull Demon, he could often unleash terrifying attacks that were unexpected.


 Each time Cong Yan was hit, his body would vibrate.


 He cultivated rule path, there were countless blue lines on his skin, resembling tattoos. These lines were either thin or thick, some crisscrossed and formed a web that protected Cong Yan tightly.


 “It seems that they can’t get past for the time being.” Yuan Qiong Du was still refining Gu, his heart eased slightly.


 “Longevity Heaven’s duo chose close combat, they are purposely restraining their attacks because they fear that they might destroy the refinement path formation and cause my efforts to be in vain.”


 “It seems that they want to snatch fate Gu, they have a certain requirement towards fate Gu’s recovery.”


 Yuan Qiong Du was made a member of Heavenly Court, he was naturally very shrewd, he quickly analyzed Longevity Heaven’s intention.


 “Calm down, I must calm down, otherwise, if I make any human mistakes, even the success dao marks cannot help me.”


 “Persevere!”


 “Gu Immortals are awakening in the immortal graveyard, our battle strength will continue to rise, Longevity Heaven will be forced to despair.”


 Yuan Qiong Du was thinking about that when suddenly, Bing Sai Chuan smiled coldly: “Do you know why I bought Calamity Luck Altar? Because the killer move of a former Demon Venerable is in it.”


 As he said that, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were already attacking Calamity Luck Altar together.


 But soon, a golden light burst out of Calamity Luck Altar.


 Next, the sound of waves emerged around the entire battlefield.


 The phantom image of a segment of the grand River of Time appeared above Calamity Luck Altar.


 COMMENT


 Next, the immortal killer move activated as figures walked out of the River of Time.


 The first person to emerge saw that Calamity Luck Altar was suppressed by a huge bear, he roared in anger: “Your bear guts are huge, eat my exploding lightning!”


 Boom!


 The giant bear that Zhang Fei Xiong transformed into was forced back by five to six steps, his face had suffered the impact of the explosion, his injuries were deep, blood was all over his face!


 “Who are you? Report your name!” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal attacked the person.


 The person laughed maniacally: “You do not even know me, Nu Er Bao Xiong? Then let me show you my exploding lightning killer move, I will blow you to bits, remember my name.”


 Boom boom boom!


 The savage power exploded continuously, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were like kites with their strings cut, they flew out uncontrollably.


 Before they landed on the ground, they had already lost consciousness, it was unknown if they were still alive.


 “To think that I can use this move to come to the future and participate in a huge battle, I am truly fortunate.” The second Northern Plains Gu Immortal who walked out of the phantom River of Time smiled.


 He pointed his finger at Calamity Luck Altar, dispelling the time path killer move that was used on it as it regained its speed.


 “You broke my killer move! Who are you?” Gu Liu Ru who used the killer move had a dark gaze.


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortal smiled as he looked at Gu Liu Ru: “What a coincidence, we both cultivate time path, let us fight. As for my name, it is quite common, I am called Hei Fan.”


 2Next, the third person walked out of the phantom River of Time after Hei Fan.


 “Wow! What a huge battle, oh my heaven, I better hide somewhere.” The third Northern Plains Gu Immortal had a delicate white face, he had a crafty look.


 Saying so, he vanished.


 One by one, Northern Plains Gu Immortals walked out and joined the battlefield.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s heart pounded: “Nu Er Bao Xiong, Hei Fan, and that Liu Liu Liu who vanished, they are all rank eight experts of the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes! What killer move is this, it can actually bring these people out of the past segment of the River of Time and into battle?”


 1This killer move was simply too unbelievable, Fairy Zi Wei felt like she was dreaming.


 Fairy Zi Wei was confused, but Duke Long was not.


 Seeing this, Duke Long’s expression froze as his memories surfaced once more.


 As the dust clouds settled, Red Lotus spit out blood from his severe injuries, while Duke Long remained standing.


 “Red Lotus, are you still not attacking? Even though you have future self, after rebirth you only have rank eight cultivation level. Your current future self is also at rank eight, you are still some distance away from regaining your Immortal Venerable battle strength!” Duke Long had a cold expression, his eyes were spewing fire from rage, burning Red Lotus’s heart.


 “That’s right, my future self killer move has some flaws, but even without flaws, how can I attack you master?” Red Lotus smiled bitterly.


 “So that is the reason why you have been avoiding me since the start of the battle instead of attacking me?” Duke Long scoffed: “Red Lotus, if you truly respect me as your master, you should stop fooling around. Accept the arrangement of fate and become a Gu Venerable again, we can forget everything and start anew!”


 “Master, I understand your intention, but you do not understand mine.” Red Lotus sighed.


 Duke Long was even more furious now: “Since you do not want to attack me, and yet you want to continue with this, are you forcing me to kill you?!”


 1“Of course not.” Red Lotus shook his head, a faint smile appearing on his flawless face: “Master, after taking hits for such a long time, my killer move is finally ready, please critique it.”


 Saying so, the phantom image of the River of Time appeared behind him as Gu Immortals walked out one by one.


 Duke Long’s expression changed: “What killer move is this?”


 “I created a pair of killer moves, they are known as ‘call of the ancient, support of the future’. This move can summon Gu Immortals closely related to the user from the River of Time to come forward and battle. I am using the latter move, support of the future, now.” Red Lotus smiled lightly.


 1Duke Long’s expression was grim, he was shivering from anger: “Your action is defying heaven and earth, you are actually using the River of Time to interfere with the flow of history, your demonic nature is too deeply rooted! What about the first move? Go ahead and use it.”


 “No master, the first move, ‘call of the ancient’, will appear before you in the future at a certain timing.” Red Lotus smiled as he said.



***
Chapter 1718 - Heavenly Court’s Chaotic Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 Figures danced in the sky or fought on the ground.


 Intense explosions continued to resound, sparks were flying, bright lights were flashing.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal experts fought against Heavenly Court’s members.


 Boom!


 In an instant, a loud explosion occurred as the black bear that was large as a mountain lost its right shoulder, a huge piece of flesh went missing, even its shoulder bone was shattered.


 The black bear had a painful expression as it shut its eyes, it had fainted from the explosion.


 Rumble!


 Next, its body fell like a mountain, in the end, a huge pit was formed on the ground.


 Above it, a Northern Plains Gu Immortal was laughing in the sky: “The killer move twilight lightning that I, Nu Er Bao Xiong, possess is not so easy to deal with. Even if your transformation path grants you strong defenses, I have already killed so many transformation path Gu Immortals in my life, ahahaha!!”


 He cultivated lightning path solely, he was once a brutal slaughterer that roamed Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world unhindered. When he was the first supreme elder of Nu Er tribe, it became the number one force of Northern Plains without doubt.


 But Nu Er Bao Xiong’s laughter came to a stop as a delightful female voice resounded: “Shameless words, I also cultivate transformation path on the side, come and kill me.”


 “Which stupid...” Nu Er Bao Xiong had just turned around and spoke when he saw a bright red light flash before him.


 Before he reacted, he heard a loud explosion as flames scattered everywhere, dust clouds rose.


 He fell from the sky, his body was still burning with blazing flames.


 “The time is now, save Zhang Fei Xiong!” Gu Liu Ru who was sitting in a wheelchair shouted as he pointed.


 Instantly, the black bear that Zhang Fei Xiong had transformed into flickered with a shining light, his life was preserved.


 “Hmph, I like to kill people, not save them!” A shadow tore through the sky, rushing down and approaching Zhang Fei Xiong.


 It was Wan Zi Hong, she was extremely beautiful and enchanting, she cultivated wood path and was originally a demonic path Gu Immortal, she had a deep killing nature but was recruited by Heavenly Court.


 “This Zhang Fei Xiong is quite impressive, even though he fainted, his transformation did not vanish!” Wan Zi Hong had a look of alertness as she charged into Zhang Fei Xiong’s right shoulder wound without stopping.


 The moment she went in, Wan Zi Hong scattered into pink petals that landed on the bloody wound.


 The flower petals had a dense fragrant smell, flowers started to grow on the bloody wound.


 The petals of the flowers fell again on the surrounding flesh, more and more flowers grew as a sea of flowers was formed.


 Zhang Fei Xiong’s flesh and blood was quickly replenished, he was healing at an observable pace.


 “Hmph!” In the sky, Nu Er Bao Xiong had a grim expression. Even though he had strong lightning path killer moves, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were not weak either. Wan Zi Hong’s healing method actually got rid of the lightning path dao marks that he landed on Zhang Fei Xiong, he was healing rapidly and effectively. It was as if Wan Zi Hong’s wood path dao marks and Zhang Fei Xiong’s transformation path dao marks did not conflict with each other.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong only took one glance but his enemy made use of that timing to find a weakness.


 A flash of red light appeared as Nu Er Bao Xiong got hit again, his body was covered in flames.


 Seeing this, Nu Er Bao Xiong gave up on chasing after Zhang Fei Xiong, he shook off the flames and looked at his enemy: “Who are you? As a Heavenly Court member, are you going to hide your appearance and act so shady?”


 The red light that was flying in the sky laughed loudly as it flickered left and right without stopping, Nu Er Bao Xiong could only watch without having a chance to land an attack.


 “It should be senior Zhu Que Er. She cultivates fire path and transformation path, her battle style counters Nu Er Bao Xiong.” Seeing this, Fairy Zi Wei expressed joy on her face.


 As time passed, more and more Gu Immortals woke up from the immortal graveyard, Zhu Que Er was one of them.


 “But Longevity Heaven’s time path killer move is too powerful, it is still summoning more people!” Fairy Zi Wei looked towards Calamity Luck Altar and the phantom River of Time as her heart shook with worry.


 “This is likely Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s killer move, Lord Duke Long might know something.” Fairy Zi Wei had been searching for a chance, she wanted to enter the battlefield and save Duke Long.


 But Duke Long’s position was not good, he was quite near Calamity Luck Altar, below the phantom River of Time, there were Northern Plains Gu Immortals moving about constantly.


 If Fairy Zi Wei charged in to save him, the risks would be huge, and she had her own job to do.


 “Earlier, both venerables appeared in Imperfection Regret Pavilion, even though Duke Long was hit by the rank nine killer move and got restricted, his life is not in danger.”


 “I have an important mission, I need to provide Immortal Gu to the newly awakened Gu Immortals, I also need to protect Old Man Zheng Yuan, he is one of the most important elements of this battle!”


 Fairy Zi Wei squinted, she stayed at the back and did not move out.


 Duke Long had instructed her earlier before he left, she had to take charge of the situation.


 Clang!


 A golden light suddenly flickered before Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes, when the light faded, a Northern Plains Gu Immortal was seen.


 He had dark skin tone and sharp eyes, constantly emitting a brave aura, he was an expert of Ye Lui tribe, Ye Lui Kou, he cultivated metal path and was a great expert part of the second batch who left the River of Time!


 When Ye Lui Kou was a youngster, he stood out with his ferocious nature and sharp foresight, he could often see the most important elements of a battle. During the Imperial Court contest, he often fought alone, charging towards an army singlehandedly, killing the enemy’s leader under everyone’s watchful gaze, he was unstoppable.


 After becoming a Gu Immortal, he plundered many places and targeted the enemy’s weakness, as a righteous path Gu Immortal, he had a terrible reputation on par with demonic path members. But his reputation changed after reaching rank eight. By that point, everyone in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world feared him, all of the accusations and grudges towards him turned into superficial reverence and slander in secret.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s heart jumped, facing Ye Lui Kou’s gaze, she felt like a rabbit sprinting in the plains, while being targeted by a hawk.


 She quickly retreated, her body vanishing among the palaces.


 “This damned qi wall!” Ye Lui Kou had an irritated expression.


 He had a keen sense towards any battle, he could detect the enemy’s weakness and target it with great precision.


 This was a talent that he was born with.


 But his plan was ruined by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi wall killer move that was left in Heavenly Court.


 This qi wall killer move could discern enemy and ally, it did not obstruct Heavenly Court’s members. But against Longevity Heaven’s side, it was a huge problem.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals could only move around the road that Limitless Demon Venerable created to fight against Heavenly Court.


 Precisely so, the fight between rank eights was fixed at a certain area. Heavenly Court had many important places like the Demon Judgment Board or the immortal graveyard, but these places were protected by the qi wall, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals could not go there.


 But in the battlefield, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had the obvious upper hand, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals needed to rely on the qi wall to retreat at times, allowing them to continue this battle.


 “Our Gu Immortals had just woken up, they lack compatible Gu worms. Mortal Gu are still fine, but they are lacking many Immortal Gu, this prevents their battle strength from being displayed.” Fairy Zi Wei was very worried.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals gave all their Immortal Gu to Heavenly Court while they slept in the immortal graveyard, on one hand, resources had to be optimized, while Heavenly Court also needed to feed the Immortal Gu.


 These Immortal Gu were mostly used to construct Immortal Gu Houses, they created the countless pavilions and palaces in Heavenly Court. A small portion was handed out to certain people in the ten sects, for example, Feng Jiu Ge’s fate armor Immortal Gu. There were very few Immortal Gu which were truly kept in the treasury on standby.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were all elites among rank eights, but because they lacked Immortal Gu, they could not use their full power, even with abundant immortal essence, they could not change the situation.


 In contrast, Northern Plains’ side had Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s call of the ancient killer move, it was truly magnificent, they were able to go up against Heavenly Court’s foundation that was accumulated over countless years.


 Duke Long was filled with pain and anger.


 At this crucial moment, he could not move, he could only watch as the battle unfolded.


 And most importantly, the one who created this situation was the beloved disciple that he had entrusted hope to in the past — Red Lotus Demon Venerable!



***
Chapter 1719 - Death in Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This call of the ancient should be quite similar to support of the future. It is not truly bringing over Gu Immortals from the past or future, it contains profundity similar to future self, it summons certain individuals from the River of Time when they are at a particular state!”


 “Precisely so, these Northern Plains Gu Immortals are all at their peak condition, they have all their immortal essence and Immortal Gu.”


 “To unravel this move, the method should be similar to how I dealt with ‘support of the future’ back then, you have to interrupt the person using the killer move! Right now, if we can cripple Calamity Luck Altar and accumulate enough damage, we should be able to stop this ‘call of the ancient’ killer move.”


 Duke Long was about to break his teeth from gritting, his deduction was not wrong. Unfortunately, he was restrained by the rank nine killer move, he could not communicate with anyone using any method.


 “Wow, such a beautiful sight!” Another person walked out of the River of Time, he had a jade-like face, he was elegant and gentlemanly.


 The life-and-death battle here was intense, it intoxicated him. He breathed in deeply as he spread his arms, sighing: “It seems that this is the stage for me, Dong Fang Yu!”


 “Hmph, Northern Plains brutes will be brutes, why are you pretending to be a gentleman, fight me!” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who had just retrieved his Immortal Gu looked at Dong Fang Yu with a look of disdain, he charged over.


 He had the appearance of a little boy, he had black hair with a cowlick on top, together with his round and cute face, his head resembled a peach, it was extremely appealing.


 1But the aura around him was overwhelming, it made Dong Fang Yu’s expression change as he dodged.


 The boy’s killer move missed, seeing Dong Fang Yu’s pathetic state, he giggled: “Do you know the power of Vortex Space Boy now?”


 Dong Fang Yu was very angry: “My free-spirited nature is real, while you are just a disgusting old man pretending to be young even though you’re half a step into your coffin!”


 Vortex Space Boy’s smile faded away as he charged at Dong Fang Yu.


 Dong Fang Yu was merely caught by surprise earlier, now that he was on guard, he retaliated instead of escaping.


 Boom!


 The two fought and their moves clashed.


 Powerful air currents shot towards another Northern Plains Gu Immortal who emerged from the River of Time.


 “The wind is really strong, it almost blinded my eyes.” This Northern Plains Gu Immortal looked like an old farmer, his pants were rolled up, his legs were covered in mud, his back was hunched, wrinkles covered his face, and there was tobacco in his mouth.


 1“Sigh sigh.” The old farmer had no killing intent, he sighed deeply as he said: “I, Nian Er Nong Fu, cultivate earth path, I am most skilled in managing the immortal aperture.”


 Rightfully so.


 Nian Er Nong Fu might not be the strongest rank eight Gu Immortal in Nian Er tribe history, but his influence was the deepest, he gave Nian Er tribe the greatest benefits.


 Because he was skilled in managing immortal apertures, even though Nian Er tribe’s territory did not grow, their cultivation resources grew by more than ten times, it was unthinkable!


 “Ye Qiao Zi greets friend Nian Er.” At this time, A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal appeared, he was also a thin old man.


 “You know who I am?” Nian Er Nong Fu asked.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal smiled: “I cultivate wood path, I am also skilled in growing resources. When I was still young, friend Nian Er was one of my goals.”


 “So that’s it.” Nian Er Nong Fu smiled.


 The two spoke in a harmonious tone, but they had already used their methods to fight, they were even fiercer than the other experts!


 As the red light flew around, Nu Er Bao Xiong’s expression became solemn, he continued to strike with his palms as lightning explosions occurred continuously.


 The red light’s aura suddenly expanded, Zhu Que Er had used a killer move, splitting into eight red lights that shot towards Nu Er Bao Xiong from different directions.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong snorted coldly, he took a deep breath as a spherical shield resembling a lightning web surrounded and protected him.


 Bam bam bam...


 Seven red lights slammed into the lightning web shield, causing an intense explosion, the remaining red light was Zhu Que Er’s main body.


 “My turn.” Nu Er Bao Xiong pulled at his own beard.


 “Go.” Strands of his beard shot out, raining down like a drizzle as they all turned into lightning spears, forming a tight formation as they shot towards Zhu Que Er.


 Zhu Que Er shouted loudly, the red light turning back into her body as a rainbow light emerged, the temperature of the surrounding air rose.


 Seeing that the two were about to use killer moves, the surrounding Gu Immortals quickly went away.


 On the ground, Wan Zi Hong looked up with an expression of admiration, cursing in her heart: “Damn it, I lack most of my offensive Immortal Gu, I have no attacking methods now. To think that I would become a healing Gu Immortal one day, hmm?”


 Wan Zi Hong’s heart jumped with premonition, her pupils shrunk as she flickered, turning into countless petals and vanishing on the spot.


 At the next moment, a golden light flashed past her original location.


 Ye Lui Kou appeared on the ground as he snorted coldly, thinking: “Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals are truly elites, I actually missed my attack twice, but unless you escape into the qi wall, you cannot escape!”


 Saying so, he pointed with his index finger towards an empty spot.


 A golden ball first appeared at his fingertips before it exploded, a grand golden pillar shot out while pushing air aside, its speed was incredible.


 “He actually discovered the location of my true body!” Wan Zi Hong wanted to retreat but it was too late.


 The golden light was already right behind her, she had no choice but to turn around and defend herself desperately.


 Ye Lui Kou snickered, his move was not so easy to block.


 But at the next moment, his smile froze.


 He saw that the golden light pillar shrunk and went inside a Gu Immortal’s mouth.


 The Gu Immortal ate Ye Lui Kou’s entire killer move as he patted his belly with some lingering desire: “To think that I would get to eat right after waking up.”


 This Heavenly Court Gu Immortal was quite fat, he had light colored skin and smiled with a satisfied look.


 “Who are you!” Ye Lui Kou’s gaze was cold.


 “Zhao Shan He!” The fat man smiled: “I will not let you kill our healing Gu Immortal so easily.”


 Ye Lui Kou did not speak, his aura surged as he prepared another powerful killer move.


 Wan Zi Hong grunted in anger: “I do not want to bother with healing. If you give me all my Immortal Gu, I can fight five of them at once!”


 At the other side, several Gu Immortals were instructed by Fairy Zi Wei as they charged towards Calamity Luck Altar together.


 Duke Long who was lying on the ground felt happy upon seeing this: “Good, it seems that Fairy Zi Wei has already deduced the weakness of call of the ancient killer move, she is gathering troops to attack Calamity Luck Altar.”


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was leading the Northern Plains’ group.


 Seeing the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, he snorted: “This call of the ancient killer move is powerful but it can only be used once. If Heavenly Court disrupts it, it will not be usable again. However, I’ve already saved some manpower to deal with your assaults.”


 Calamity Luck Altar similarly contained several Northern Plains Gu Immortals, they quickly flew outside and blocked the incoming Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Far away, Fairy Zi Wei let out a sigh of relief: “Thankfully, Bing Sai Chuan does not cultivate wisdom path, the situation has been stabilized.”


 Fairy Zi Wei chose the most optimal strategy!


 Even though Heavenly Court’s side was on the weak side, Fairy Zi Wei was still willing to gather forces to attack Calamity Luck Altar.


 This way, to stabilize the situation, Northern Plains would have to gather more people to defend themselves.


 The weaker Heavenly Court was attacking, while the stronger Northern Plains was defending.


 It was obvious that the attacker had more initiative, this allowed the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals more time to recover.


 If they got injured, they would retreat to the qi wall and recuperate.


 When Northern Plains started to defend Calamity Luck Altar, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt their pressure lifting, they were more easily able to return to the qi wall for healing.


 Boom!


 Two time path killer moves collided, Hei Fan and Gu Liu Ru spit out blood as they flew behind respectively.


 Gu Liu Ru wanted to retreat to the qi wall when a figure suddenly appeared.


 “Just die.” The figure appeared and disappeared instantly.


 Gu Liu Ru was merely inches from the qi wall, but he suddenly fell on the ground in disbelief, losing his life.


 The attacker was naturally Liu tribe’s expert Liu Liu Liu.


 2This person was crafty and scheming, he was called the disgrace of Northern Plains when he was alive, because he never fought openly with people, he bullied the weak while fearing the strong, he enjoyed sneak attacking people. His enemies often suffered severe losses, but could not even find a glimpse of Liu Liu Liu, they would spit out blood in anger.


 Gu Liu Ru’s death made a great impact on the Gu Immortals of both sides.


 Ever since Longevity Heaven joined the battle, this was the first sacrifice from Heavenly Court that had appeared!


 Gu Liu Ru did not have all his Gu worms, and most importantly, more and more Gu Immortals were joining the battle, it was getting more intense, a certain threshold was reached.


 Like a signal, soon, the second and third sacrifices appeared.


 Ye Lui Kou finally succeeded in killing Wan Zi Hong, but he was also heavily injured by Zhao Shan He.


 On Northern Plains’ side, Hei Fan died.


 1He and Gu Liu Ru had fought too intensely, and most importantly, he lacked good defensive killer moves, he was suddenly attacked by several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals at once.


 All in all, Heavenly Court’s sacrifices were larger in terms of Gu Immortals.


 “Damn it!”


 “These Gu Immortals are the foundation of my Heavenly Court, they actually died like this.”


 “This was not worth it!”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply, the enemy’s sacrifice was merely part of a killer move. If they used the killer move again, these ‘dead’ Northern Plains Gu Immortals could show up in battle again.


 These Northern Plains Gu Immortals were not summoned with their true body after all.


 But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were real lives even though their lifespan was limited.


 “This time path rank nine killer move should be the work of Red Lotus Demon Venerable! Damn it, he is too vicious, he totally targeted by Heavenly Court’s weakness.” Fairy Zi Wei was furious but also helpless.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s expression was similarly ugly.


 Because as time passed, he found that these summoned Northern Plains experts were falling in battle strength, and it was very evident.


 Soon, Fairy Zi Wei also realized this.


 “I understand, it is because fate Gu’s recovery is increasing rapidly, it is reaching full recovery.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with hope, she was very happy: “Even though Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s move is powerful, it uses the River of Time and manipulates history, it goes against fate. When fate Gu is fully repaired, this move will also lose all effectiveness.”



***
Chapter 1720 - Through Branches and Leaves


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fairy Zi Wei’s analysis was not wrong.


 Because when fate Gu exists, ancient Gu Immortals cannot come to the present, and future Gu Immortals also cannot travel to the past.


 But because of fate Gu’s injuries, the restriction on time path was greatly reduced. Spring Autumn Cicada was the best example, even though it could not allow a Gu Immortal to return to the past, they could send their will back.


 1Future self, call of the ancient, support of the future, these killer moves were also making use of the past or future, projecting a person into the present from a certain point in time.


 When fate Gu is fully restored, these killer moves would no longer work.


 Fairy Zi Wei realized this, Bing Sai Chuan naturally knew this from the start.


 But there was no choice.


 The refinement path formation could not be destroyed, otherwise, Heavenly Court’s attempt to repair fate Gu would fail entirely.


 An overly damaged fate Gu was useless even if Longevity Heaven obtained it, they would need to repair it by mimicking Heavenly Court’s methods.


 But Bing Sai Chuan knew that Longevity Heaven did not have the deep foundation of Heavenly Court, they did not have human path methods or the Infallible inheritance, they did not have the ability to repair fate Gu!


 They could not destroy the refinement path formation, Longevity Heaven could only break past the formation and enter Heaven Overseeing Tower to take fate Gu by force.


 Regarding this, Bing Sai Chuan had already sent Five Elements Grandmaster and Bull Demon.


 But that was his limit.


 It was not like he did not want to add more people, the phantom River of Time also had many Northern Plains experts emerging continuously as well.


 But this refinement path formation itself had its limit.


 This formation was meant to repair fate Gu, it was not for combat. The formation space inside could only handle five rank eights.


 Any more and the refinement path formation would be destroyed.


 Thus, Bing Sai Chuan did not send more people, while Central Continent also watched the situation inside without sending more people.


 The battle around Calamity Luck Altar involved countless historical experts, the battle was intense. But the most crucial battle was in the refinement path formation!


 Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, thinking about the situation: “Even though our side is strong, we need to focus on defense, but overall, we still have the advantage. In the worst case, we will have to destroy this refinement path formation, even if we cannot take fate Gu, we will make sure Heavenly Court’s objective fails!”


 Both sides did not want to destroy the refinement path formation, but if there was no choice, Longevity Heaven would have to destroy it and cause both sides to end up losing.


 Of course, Bing Sai Chuan was leading Longevity Heaven to attack Heavenly Court, their main objective was to snatch fate Gu, if the formation was destroyed, they would have failed their objective.


 “It is up to us now!” Bull Demon had a clear understanding of the situation outside.


 Far away, Five Elements Grandmaster also nodded as his expression turned serious.


 Suddenly, Five Elements Grandmaster’s body shook as an intense aura surged out, a powerful killer move shining in five colored lights shot towards his enemy Che Wei.


 Che Wei shouted loudly as he placed both hands in front of him, activating a killer move.


 Countless large shields appeared in front of him, even though there were loud cracking noises, these shields formed a wall and blocked the five colored lights.


 “Damn it!” Five Elements Grandmaster intensified his attack, the five colored lights grew in power and destroyed shields after shields.


 But Che Wei’s defenses were impenetrable, even though shields were broken, new ones quickly formed to replace them.


 Che Wei had outstanding defensive methods, Five Elements Grandmaster felt a sense of helplessness.


 Within the refinement path formation, be it Che Wei or Five Elements Grandmaster, they had to control their firepower, they could not destroy this refinement path formation recklessly.


 On the other side, Bull Demon and Cong Yan’s battle was also about the same.


 Undeniably, it was much better to be on the defensive for this battle.


 “What do we do?” Five Elements Grandmaster asked Bull Demon secretly.


 Bull Demon only replied: “Attack, try and lure their attention!”


 Saying so, Bull Demon charged at Cong Yan again, the two engaged in another fierce fight.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s heart shook, Bull Demon’s words had deep meaning, he did not think anymore, he trusted Longevity Heaven and went to engage in a long fight with Che Wei.


 At the other end, Yuan Qiong Du was completely focused on manipulating the refinement path formation, putting his attention on repairing fate Gu.


 While nobody noticed anything, a small flower resembling scattering petals landed towards Heaven Overseeing Tower inconspicuously.


 “Hehehe.” The flower landed into Heaven Overseeing Tower and turned into a little girl.


 It was none other than the female immortal Flower Lady who had died earlier!


 “Oh no, someone entered the tower!” Sensing this, Yuan Qiong Du was deeply shocked, he quickly shouted to alert the rest. He had to pay a huge price for this shout, his seven orifices were bleeding, his mind was heavily injured, it directly cracked into two and could not merge together.


 Che Wei and Cong Yan quickly retreated, they wanted to enter Heaven Overseeing Tower and stop Flower Lady from getting close to fate Gu.


 “Too late!” Bull Demon laughed loudly, he joined forces with Five Elements Grandmaster as they restrained their enemies.


 Che Wei and Cong Yan became more flustered, they scolded Bull Demon for being so shameless and unscrupulous, they actually schemed this deeply.


 This was Bull Demon and Flower Lady’s biggest secret. They shared their lifespan together, if one of them died, as long as the other was still alive, they would revive after some time.


 After Flower Lady revived, she flew into Heaven Overseeing Tower, there were only five Gu Immortals in the refinement path immortal formation, thus it did not break and was still operational.


 “What do I do?” Yuan Qiong Du’s vision turned dark, his head was hurting, this was the toughest decision of his life.


 He controlled the refinement path formation, he could totally destroy fate Gu and ruin all of Heavenly Court’s hard work.


 If he did not do that, the enemy would obtain a nearly recovered fate Gu, this would preserve fate Gu and they might have a chance of getting it back. Of course, if they could not take it back, Heavenly Court’s hard work would all be in vain, they would all benefit Longevity Heaven instead!


 This decision was too tough and Yuan Qiong Du’s mind was heavily injured, his thinking speed fell greatly.


 When Flower Lady got to the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower and saw fate Gu, Yuan Qiong Du had yet to make up his mind.


 “Success!” Flower Lady’s eyes shined brightly, she stretched out her hand and wanted to grab fate Gu.


 If she succeeds, she would be the biggest contributor of Longevity Heaven in this trip!


 But at this moment, on the walls of Heaven Overseeing Tower, a bamboo forest painting suddenly appeared.


 “What is that?” Flower Lady had a look of shock, she was very stunned.


 Three hundred thousand years ago, during the Medieval Antiquity Era.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable walked down Star Zone Mountain as he smiled bitterly in his heart: “This is the chess game set by Limitless Demon Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it contains the grand power of these two venerables as well as replenishment from Heavenly Court at all times. If I interfere forcefully, I would have to resist the joint power of two venerables.”


 “Of course, these are just two venerables’ methods, they are not alive and cannot think like humans. After finding out information on them, I will be able to target them, but even if I succeed, that would only harm Heavenly Court.”


 “Since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable agreed to Limitless Demon Venerable’s suggestion back then and created this chessboard together, she must have her considerations, this will definitely benefit Heavenly Court. I do not need to be a sinner.”


 Even so, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was not completely assured.


 He thought about it as he walked, when he raised his head, he realized he had arrived at the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 He suddenly lost all his frustrations, he smiled at the blank walls: “That’s right, I can leave my painting here!”


 Unknown to everyone, he created a painting here.


 1After he finished it, this painting vanished without a trace, it was so deeply concealed that even Heavenly Court did not know of it. Other than Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, everyone was kept in the dark.


 Three hundred thousand years later, this bamboo forest painting that nobody knew of appeared before Flower Lady.


 Flower Lady’s hand was merely an inch away from fate Gu, but this distance could not be breached!


 Flower Lady’s body floated in the air, she could not move.


 Her gaze was completely in a daze, after looking at the bamboo forest painting for a moment, she fell into a multi-layered illusion.


 The bamboo forest was huge, but she was just a single person, she could not leave after getting lost.


 Flower Lady was very anxious but there was nothing she could do!


 Winds blew as bamboo leaves shook, jade green light and shadows enveloped Flower Lady.


 Flower Lady who was inside the bamboo forest felt the world spinning as she fainted on the spot.


 But the bamboo forest painting did not vanish or freeze, the jade bamboos on the walls started to sway as if the wind was blowing.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Instantly, all of the immortals in battle heard the sound of the wind.


 On the wall, beautiful leaves that resembled jade fell off the branches, it was a beautiful sight.


 This wind that did not exist not only penetrated the refinement path immortal formation and reached the immortals’ ears, it even entered Duke Long’s heart.


 Instantly, Duke Long fell into an illusion too.


 He was lying on the ground, surrounded by thick jade bamboos.


 The wind was blowing, jade bamboo leaves were falling elegantly.


 Duke Long received almost the same treatment as Flower Lady, but he did not feel anything discomfort, his mind was getting clearer.


 At this instance, he could feel the pure power and profundity of wood path!


 He could feel the concealment of the bamboo forest, he could feel the pressure of the trees, he could feel the vitality and strength of the grass that grew out of the soil.


 Next, his limbs felt like the grass and trees, gaining new strength as they grew.


 With this newfound strength, Duke Long supported himself and stood up slowly, standing in the bamboo forest.


 In a daze, he seemed to have seen Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


 He had the appearance of a young man, he was gentlemanly and polite, wearing green clothes and a white headband, his long hair was fluttering with the wind.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable smiled mildly as he walked past Duke Long slowly.


 His words could be heard from the gentle winds: “The left is love, the right is affection, walking on both sides of life, scattering seeds and blooming flowers, making this journey full of flower fragrance, allowing the person who walks through branches and leaves to feel no pain even as they step on thorns, they can shed tears but feel no sadness.”


 Saying so, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable walked into the bamboo forest.


 “You are Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable?” Duke Long turned around, only to see that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was vanishing among the bamboo trees.


 Only one sentence was left by him: “Remember, this move is called — Through Branches and Leaves.”


 At the next moment, Duke Long woke up.


 He was shocked to find that he was already standing, the silver chains that were binding him turned into bamboo leaves that scattered on the ground.


 These leaves looked like they were made from jade.


 TL Note: Genesis’ words are a quote from the author Bing Xin.



***
Chapter 1721 - Heavenly Dragon’s Last Stand


***





 



 1


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At once, Duke Long understood that this was a Genesis Lotus true inheritance!


 He could clearly feel his wood path attainment level rising to an extremely high level, at the same time, memories related to this wood path killer move through branches and leaves were all etched into his mind.


 2That bamboo forest, rather than calling it an illusion, was more like a state of mind.


 The power of through branches and leaves killer move was to free the Gu Immortal of all harmful restraints.


 “I am truly pathetic.” Duke Long laughed at himself.


 He felt the power of a venerable once again.


 The truth was, he had some understanding towards the chess game of both venerables in Imperfection Regret Pavilion. This game had unparalleled might, it was one with Heavenly Court and could continuously draw strength from it. This was the secret agreement between Star Constellation’s will and Limitless Demon Venerable back in the days.


 Because it had the power of two venerables, it could not be dealt with by a single venerable.


 But the silver chains on Duke Long was just made from one of the pieces in this chess game. The through branches and leaves killer move that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left behind was able to free Duke Long from its effect.


 “Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable really put a lot of effort into it, it is a waste for this wood path true inheritance to be given to me.”


 Duke Long sighed as he kept away his emotions.


 His dragon pupils looked around as he stared at the Calamity Luck Altar not too far away.


 Calamity Luck Altar was so huge it covered half of Duke Long’s vision.


 While Duke Long was restrained, he had been incapacitated near Calamity Luck Altar, now that he regained freedom and stood up, he was not far from it.


 Breathing in deeply.


 The sounds of the surrounding battle, explosions or shouting, became very soft as he blocked them out.


 While he was restrained, Duke Long’s anger, guilt, and hatred filled his heart, now that he regained freedom, these surging emotions erupted like a dormant volcano that had reawakened.


 Unknowingly, all the present Gu Immortals all had a feeling, that was the calm before a storm.


 Breathe out...


 Breathe in...


 Duke Long cultivated qi path with transformation path on the side, each time he breathed, he sucked in a huge amount of oxygen, it was a great commotion. In fact, this commotion was slightly affecting the surrounding qi wall’s stability.


 Behind Duke Long, his dragon tail waved about, his dragon claws and horns were shining in a purple-gold light, he was extremely grand and royal. Ripples started to form in the surrounding air, the particles seemed to be flickering with a similar purple-gold light.


 A terrifying aura was emerging in his body, he was like a catastrophic beast that created heaven and earth, after eons of slumbering, he had finally awakened.


 Countless gazes landed on Duke Long at this moment!


 “Damn it.” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth.


 Flower Lady was unconscious while Duke Long broke free, Longevity Heaven had faced the greatest setback since they started this attack.


 Inside the refinement path formation, Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster sensed something amiss, they fought with all their strength. But Che Wei and Cong Yan held on desperately, they did not give the enemy a chance to breakthrough.


 At a deeper area of the refinement path formation, Yuan Qiong Du was spitting out blood, he tried hard to sustain the refinement path formation’s operations, he was already resolved to die.


 Bing Sai Chuan tried hard to think of a plan.


 The situation was turning bad, sweat formed on his forehead.


 He had already expended all his trump cards, he could not seek help from Limitless Demon Venerable again. The truth was, Limitless Demon Venerable did not even turn around earlier, his attitude was very clear.


 Duke Long’s aura surged to its limit, it was grand and overwhelming!


 Even though he had not moved, he had already gained the attention of everyone.


 “He is Lord Duke Long?” Some Heavenly Court Gu Immortals looked over with admiration. Duke Long’s seniority was still quite high.


 But someone was even older than Duke Long, an old Gu Immortal did not recognize him: “He is one of us?”


 “Duke Long finally escaped.” Fairy Zi Wei was very excited, she observed the entire situation, she knew clearly that among the Heavenly Court immortals now, Duke Long was the strongest person.


 He broke the chains and recovered his freedom, he had stood up at a timely moment!


 Or more accurately, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangements were simply too timely.


 Thinking of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Fairy Zi Wei felt a deep sense of admiration.


 “Unbelievable methods! After Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s era, Heaven Overseeing Tower had been modified countless times, many of the Gu worms were replaced. Especially during the recent decade of fighting, it had been damaged constantly and repaired afterwards. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s method was actually intact after all that, it was hidden so deeply that nobody found it.”


 “His immortal killer move could hide within Heaven Overseeing Tower which is the number one investigative Immortal Gu House in this world, remaining undiscovered. And most amazingly, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s immortal killer move had never disrupted with the workings of Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei had a flash of inspiration: “Don’t tell me that rumor is true?” Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable really created painting path? The greatest advantage and trait of the rumored painting path is that it can perfectly accommodate the operations of other Immortal Gu and killer moves... this has the same level of profundity as sovereign immortal body’s non-conflicting dao marks!”


 Fairy Zi Wei could only guess.


 The ten venerables were the apex of Gu cultivation, they were the brightest stars with unparalleled luster. Even though Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable did not cultivate wisdom path, he could comprehend the profundities of heaven and earth, he was able to make arrangements that affected the future era.


 And most importantly, his arrangement worked at the most crucial moment, his control of the timing was simply impeccable.


 Bing Sai Chuan was very nervous, he ordered: “Block Duke Long!”


 Even without his reminder, all of the Northern Plains Gu Immortals could tell that Duke Long was a huge threat.


 After Duke Long’s aura reached its limit, it started to condense and shrink, it was like someone who was pulling back his fist, once he attacked, it would be a terrifying sight.


 This action created huge mental pressure among the Northern Plains’ immortals.


 “Kill.” A Northern Plains male immortal shouted as he charged at Duke Long.


 The second Northern Plains Gu Immortal was silent but followed behind the male immortal, charging and defending him.


 “No, let me face him!” The third Northern Plains expert suddenly moved out with great speed, he arrived before Duke Long instantly.


 Duke Long had a peaceful expression, he stood silently on the ground without moving, like a statue.


 Roar—!


 Suddenly, a dragon roar was heard, an elegant purple-gold dragon qi appeared in the sky for an instant.


 The Gu Immortal wanted to see it but all they saw were the remnant traces of the purple-gold dragon qi.


 The Northern Plains expert who arrived before Duke Long became motionless.


 He lowered his head, looking at the hole in his chest with an expression of disbelief.


 Through this hole, he could see the world behind him.


 Guh.


 At the next moment, blood gushed out of his mouth as countless mini dragon-shaped qi emerged on his body.


 Bam.


 With a thud, he self-detonated, turning into a pile of flesh and blood, dying on the spot.


 He was a famous expert of Northern Plains, but he was unable to take one hit from Duke Long!


 “How can this be?” Seeing this, the two Northern Plains Gu Immortals who wanted to kill Duke Long became lost for words as their expressions changed.


 “What are you looking at?” Duke Long’s calm voice resounded behind them.


 “Oh no!” The two Northern Plains experts activated their strongest defenses without thinking.


 This instinct was ingrained into their very existence, it saved their lives.


 At the next moment, Duke Long’s two ferocious dragon claws landed.


 The two Northern Plains experts’ defenses crumbled instantly, they were like two shooting stars, crashing and creating a huge pit on the ground.


 With a loud boom, rocks flew as dust clouds rose.


 The two Northern Plains experts fainted in the pit.


 1Duke Long’s attack was truly shocking! Instantly, he killed one and made two unconscious, Longevity Heaven lost the battle strength of three rank eights just like that!


 “Terrifying!”


 At once, the battle strength that Duke Long unleashed stunned Heavenly Court’s members.


 The old man who did not recognize Duke Long felt very surprised: “After my time, there was actually such a talented junior?”


 “He is the master of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he is also a Dao Guardian.” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal beside him explained.


 The old man realized: “Oh, no wonder.”


 1The Dao Guardians of venerables were usually the strongest person besides the venerable if they matured fully.


 Of course there were exceptions.


 Like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 5But no matter what, these Dao Guardians were monumental in the growth process of the venerable.


 “He’s coming!” Bing Sai Chuan breathed in deeply, concentrating his mind.


 After Duke Long defeated the three, he went straight for Calamity Luck Altar, his advancement carried huge pressure as everyone looked at him with great fear.


 At this moment, Bing Sai Chuan felt that even the powerful Calamity Luck Altar was showing a sign of fragility.


 “Protect me!” Bing Sai Chuan shouted.


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals quickly went back to reinforce him.


 Duke Long’s action was the same as attacking a beehive, a large number of Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals gathered and encircled him from the front and back, forming a huge web.


 Countless immortal killer moves landed on Duke Long, they were like fireworks that sparkled, fatal danger was hidden within these beautiful sparks.


 The purple-gold dragon-shaped qi flashed again!


 COMMENT


 Duke Long appeared far away, many killer moves missed their target.


 The remaining killer moves were directed by the user as they changed directions.


 Duke Long’s body flickered again, he showed disdain towards the killer moves that were targeting him.


 “Break!” He shouted as he used a qi path killer move.


 A surging qi wave erupted in all directions, all killer moves were pushed away, the surroundings were completely cleared out.


 The Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals could only pounce towards Duke Long.


 “You have already attacked, now it is time to face my killer move as well!” Duke Long snickered.


 Longevity Heaven lost two more Gu Immortals.


 Duke Long continued to approach Calamity Luck Altar.


 Under Bing Sai Chuan’s manipulation, Calamity Luck Altar had no choice but to retreat rapidly.


 Duke Long continued to chase it, regardless of which Northern Plains expert that was in his way, he went through their line of defense without difficulty.


 Of course, he would dodge the powerful killer moves as well.


 Shock was exposed in Bing Sai Chuan’s eyes: “Impossible! How can Duke Long become so powerful in such a short time? Is this part of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s method?”


 COMMENT


 He was wrong about this.


 Duke Long was strong because of himself.


 Immortal killer move — Heavenly Dragon’s Last Stand!


 The lower his lifespan, the greater the amplification that heavenly dragon’s last stand gave him.


 This amplification was in all aspects, it made Duke Long powerful beyond words, his battle strength was rising every second.


 His vitality was shrinking but his aura continued to grow. This was his final battle, at the last moments of his life, Duke Long erupted with unprecedented brilliance!



***
Chapter 1722 - Seven Extreme Desolation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly dragon’s last stand made Duke Long increasingly stronger, with each breath of time, he became stronger than before.


 Looking at the phantom River of Time in the sky, Duke Long showed a complex emotion in his eyes, he sighed lightly: “Oh Red Lotus, I have already witnessed your call of the ancient and support of the future. Now, let me show you my heavenly dragon’s last stand!”


 Duke Long’s words infuriated all of the Northern Plains experts.


 He obviously looked down on all of the Northern Plains immortals present, there was only Red Lotus Demon Venerable in his eyes.


 The Northern Plains experts were all famous people in history, they had their own arrogance and pride. But they had no way of rebuking Duke Long’s words.


 Because their existence was the result of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s immortal killer move!


 “Old man, you speak too much!”


 “Don’t look down on us.”


 “We will show you our power!”


 Several Northern Plains rank eights charged at Duke Long.


 Duke Long snickered as he roared, the purple-gold dragon-shaped qi flickered continuously.


 Boom boom boom!


 An intense explosion resounded, Duke Long rampaged among the Gu Immortals who encircled him, he was simply unstoppable.


 In contrast, the Northern Plains experts were losing numbers rapidly from his ferocious attacks.


 Fast!


 Duke Long was just too fast, the Northern Plains Gu Immortals could not stop him.


 Any killer move needed time to prepare and activate.


 Because Duke Long was concentrating on Calamity Luck Altar, he did not bother wasting time with the Northern Plains Gu Immortals that obstructed him.


 “Block him!”


 “Don’t think of leaving Duke Long, fight me for three hundred rounds!”


 “We must stop him.”


 Purple-gold dragon qi flickered again.


 The battlefield became silent, Bing Sai Chuan raised his head and looked.


 Duke Long was finally standing before Calamity Luck Altar, his emotionless pupils looked at this luck path rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 “Oh no.” Sweat poured down Bing Sai Chuan’s forehead.


 At the next moment, Duke Long roared as his qi path killer move was activated again.


 Myriad qi rampaged, the world changed colors.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!


 At once, the rank eight Gu Immortals shook intensely as they felt an unparalleled pressure slamming down at them from all around.


 Many killer moves collapsed, the Northern Plains experts who were pursuing Duke Long fell into the water like dumplings falling into a pot.


 The world became still, nothing was left standing!


 Crack, crack...


 Calamity Luck Altar could barely operate, its thin light halo was resisting qi engulfing mountains and rivers killer move.


 This luck path rank eight Immortal Gu House could not fly, it was suppressed by Duke Long and forced to stay on the ground!


 At once, Duke Long became the main character of this battlefield, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals looked at him with shock and amazement.


 He had suppressed the entire situation singlehandedly.


 Even though Northern Plains’ experts were strong and proud, their raised heads were forcefully lowered by Duke Long.


 “Damn it, this qi engulfing mountains and rivers killer move had once been used in Eastern Sea by Duke Long. But its current power is more than ten times of before!” Bing Sai Chuan could not conceal the shock on his face.


 Duke Long’s strength was too overwhelming, it was far out of his expectations.


 “This damned old man is quite strong! It seems that you need Grandpa Mao’s help now!” Far away, Mao Li Qiu and his clone had been suppressing the two legendary immemorial beasts from Heavenly Court, after seeing Duke Long’s power, Mao Li Qiu gritted its teeth and wanted to rush over to help.


 “You want to leave? Dream on!” The immemorial green jade crane shrieked, it activated an immortal killer move and attacked Mao Li Qiu’s clone.


 “Stand there!” Shabi Ninety-five grabbed Mao Li Qiu’s right hind leg as it bit.


 “These two idiots...” Mao Li Qiu was furious, it was unable to get away from these two.


 Heavenly Court’s two legendary immemorial desolate beasts might not be able to turn the situation around, but they were great at keeping the status quo.


 Duke Long’s power was simply like steroids injected into his allies, it made these two legendary immemorial desolate beasts extremely energetic!


 “Go away!” Calamity Luck Altar suddenly shined in a fierce light, it started to rise slowly.


 Next, the Northern Plains experts who were on the ground and used their killer moves on Duke Long.


 Even though Duke Long was strong, he could only suppress them for some time, he was not just going up against the rank eight Immortal Gu House that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created, there were also the countless experts from the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes’ history!


 “Go assist Duke Long!”


 “We will make Longevity Heaven pay with bloodshed!”


 “How can Heavenly Court’s authority be undermined.”


 Heavenly Court’s immortals reacted, they moved like rushing tide as they went to reinforce Duke Long.


 A portion of the Northern Plains experts had to go and block Heavenly Court’s attacks on the outside. Inside, the remaining ones attacked Duke Long with all their might.


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 Duke Long was unstoppable even in the encirclement, he had the complete advantage, and outside, there were fewer Northern Plains Gu Immortals than Heavenly Court’s side, they were also losing there.


 Bing Sai Chuan understood: Unless a venerable makes a move, Longevity Heaven’s invasion had failed!


 Their goal was to take fate Gu but now, they were barely able to stay alive, not to mention snatch anything.


 The truth was, Longevity Heaven was just one step away from success. The problem was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and his arrangement, it ruined Longevity Heaven’s plan.


 “Even though my Longevity Heaven failed, your Heavenly Court may not succeed either!” A cold light flashed in Bing Sai Chuan’s eyes, he gave his orders — destroy the refinement path formation!


 Since they could not obtain fate Gu or destroy fate Gu entirely, he would make sure that they fail in restoring it!


 This way, Heavenly Court would need to continue holding the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention to repair fate Gu in the future.


 And that would give the other four regions some respite.


 But in that situation, in the future Central Continent Refinement Path Conventions, Heavenly Court would guard themselves deeply, Longevity Heaven would no longer have this chance to invade.


 But there was no choice, the situation was forcing Bing Sai Chuan to make such a decision. 

 “Okay!” Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster received their orders, they immediately attacked the refinement path formation.


 Guh.


 Cong Yan spit out a mouthful of blood, his face turned pale.


 But he had a faint smile as he said: “Hmph, why do you think Lady Zi Wei made me guard the formation internally? It was to prevent you guys from causing destruction!”


 Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster frowned deeply.


 They realized that their attacks on the refinement path formation was actually transferred to Cong Yan. This was a rule path method unique to Cong Yan, he could transfer damage onto himself.


 “You want to destroy the formation, how can we allow that?”


 “With us around, don’t even think about it!”


 Outside the refinement path immortal formation, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals formed lines of defense as they blocked the assault of the Northern Plains experts.


 Bing Sai Chuan changed his goal and attempted to destroy the refinement path formation, this was his enemy’s weakness as well.


 For Heavenly Court, they had no choice but to defend the formation.


 This way, the battle between the two sides went into a deadlock.


 Most of Heavenly Court’s members were protecting the refinement path formation, Duke Long alone was attacking Calamity Luck Altar.


 For Northern Plains, they were mainly defending Calamity Luck Altar while attacking the refinement path formation with a barrage of attacks.


 Even though Duke Long was obstructed by all the Northern Plains experts, he still had the energy to attack Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar endured attacks from Duke Long time and again but it still remained standing, this was the immense defense of a rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 The truth was, Calamity Luck Altar’s methods were not just limited to these, against Duke Long, it could still retaliate.


 But now, Calamity Luck Altar’s main purpose was to sustain call of the ancient killer move.


 If it used other methods, this call of the ancient would be interrupted.


 The root of the issue was that call of the ancient was a time path killer move, it was incompatible with Calamity Luck Altar’s methods. If there were any abilities similar to Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s earlier methods resembling painting path, the situation would not be this awkward.


 Bing Sai Chuan was clear in his heart, once he stopped using call of the ancient killer move, the situation would worsen instantly. Only through this move could they resist the awakening Heavenly Court members.


 As time passed, the situation got more intense, more and more Gu Immortals died.


 Duke Long’s attacks from time to time made Bing Sai Chuan’s heart shook. He did not know how long Calamity Luck Altar could last, maybe at the next moment, call of the ancient killer move would stop.


 If that happens, Longevity Heaven would lose this battle without doubt.


 Even though both sides were attacking and defending, as Duke Long continued to unleash powerful moves, the situation was already changing. Heavenly Court had a slight advantage, Longevity Heaven was slowly losing their edge.


 Boom!


 A lightning path killer move landed on Duke Long’s back.


 But Duke Long’s body did not even move, as the dust clouds settled, his back was exposed.


 It was covered in purple-gold dragon scales.


 As the effect of heavenly dragon’s last stand persisted, Duke Long’s body became stronger and larger, his size was already twice of before.


 His dragon claws became sharper, his dragon tail became longer and more flexible, his dragon horns were originally very short but now they grew rapidly, they were the size of a deer’s antlers, they looked like a crown on his head, displaying his royal and authoritative figure.


 Every moment and every second, Duke Long was getting stronger!


 Bing Sai Chuan who was inside Calamity Luck Altar as well as the Northern Plains Gu Immortals could feel this very deeply.


 “This is a monster!” A Northern Plains expert shouted in hatred.


 “Monster? Hahaha, we Seven Big Dipper Immortals love dealing with monsters!” At this moment, from the phantom River of Time, seven Gu Immortals walked out.


 “Ah! It’s them.” Bing Sai Chuan saw this, becoming surprised and happy.


 These Seven Big Dipper Immortals were all from Huang Jin tribes, there were three rank eights and four rank sevens, they were all from the same period of time in history.


 During their era, legendary immemorial desolate beasts wreaked havoc, they caused the righteous path to suffer great losses. Thus, the Huang Jin tribes banded together and chose seven people to learn the ancient battle formation, they spent countless years to soothe the chaos and capture the beast, returning peace and serenity to Northern Plains.


 Ancient battle formation — Seven Extreme Desolation!


 At once, the seven Gu Immortals turned into a three headed four armed black-gold giant with a huge metallic ring on its back.


 Immortal killer move — Winged Blade!


 The black-gold giant’s right arm moved like a blade, creating an afterimage as it slashed towards Duke Long.


 “Winged blade?!” Duke Long’s pupils shrunk, he could feel a fatal danger.



***
Chapter 1723 - Fatal Strike


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Winged blade had very high reputation, it was publicly recognized as the number one offensive method of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, it could even cut apart the winds of assimilation temporarily, its fearsome might was known to all.


 “I managed to dodge?” The purple-gold dragon-shaped qi flickered as Duke Long appeared elsewhere, shock still showing on his face.


 Crack!


 At the next moment, he watched as the horn on his forehead fell slowly towards the ground in front of him.


 At the crucial moment, Duke Long managed to dodge the winged blade but his right dragon horn was sliced apart.


 Duke Long was deeply shocked.


 At this moment, the black-gold giant hooked its finger at Duke Long.


 Immortal killer move — Immortal Binding Rope!


 This was the number one capturing method in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 A green-gold rope appeared on Duke Long’s body, it wrapped around his waist thrice as he was pulled towards the black-gold giant.


 Immortal killer move — Winged Blade!


 The black-gold giant raised its right arm, aiming at Duke Long as it used the powerful killer move again.


 Duke Long gritted his teeth, he shouted as his muscular body shook, he broke free of the immortal binding rope and retreated, avoiding the winged blade.


 The black-gold giant wanted to capture Duke Long again but he dodged while spitting out two sharp dragon fangs.


 The dragon fangs flew out of his mouth and expanded in size, they were like two curved blades that danced in the air, defending his body.


 It was immortal killer move — Spiraling Dragon Fang.


 Spiraling dragon fang was an offensive killer move but Duke Long used it for defense instead.


 Even though the black-gold giant Seven Extreme Desolation had a powerful immortal binding rope killer move, it would be cut by the dragon fangs if it tried to bind Duke Long.


 Bing Sai Chuan watched this as he felt suspicious and regretful: “The original spiraling dragon fang is only an arm’s size, but it is like two gigantic pillars now! What method did Duke Long use to make his immortal killer moves grow so powerful? It is a pity that Seven Extreme Desolation is much weaker now as fate Gu recovers due to the decreased power of call of the ancient killer move, otherwise, if they had their original power, Duke Long would be heavily injured from the attack earlier!”


 Seven Extreme Desolation was an ancient battle formation made of three rank eights and four rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Each of them were elites of the Huang Jin tribes in their time, they were famous in Northern Plains. And most importantly, the killer moves that they used were the trump cards of the respective tribes. For example, Chanyu tribe’s winged blade and Ye Lui tribe’s immortal binding rope.


 With Seven Extreme Desolation restricting Duke Long’s attacks, the situation went into a deadlock again.


 Calamity Luck Altar was temporarily safe, but Longevity Heaven’s side could not destroy the refinement path formation no matter what they did.


 Heavenly Court had three layers of Gu Immortals both inside and outside, they formed a tight defense, the Northern Plains experts could not even get close to the formation, not to mention getting inside. In fact, Gu Immortals were already starting to set up new defensive formations outside the refinement path immortal formation.


 “This looks like a deadlock but the initiative has been lost, at this rate, Heavenly Court will simply continue the battle of attrition.” Bing Sai Chuan had a cold expression but determination still shined in his eyes.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals loved to fight, they had countless battles in their life, far more than other regions’ people.


 Bing Sai Chuan was a time path rank eight great expert, he was the same. He had experienced countless difficulties in life, even though the situation was increasingly dangerous now, his fighting spirit did not waver.


 He was trying to find a way out.


 “The plan to invade Heavenly Court had been closely planned by my Longevity Heaven, we have our methods to retaliate.”


 “For now, we need to communicate with Fang Yuan and the rest, to target the outside world instead.”


 Bing Sai Chuan immediately contacted Fang Yuan and the rest, giving his orders.


 “Luck path method again, they are communicating with the outside world.” The moment Bing Sai Chuan acted, a few of Heavenly Court’s members sensed it.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled bitterly, the supreme profundity of luck path was held by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Heavenly Court could not stop Bing Sai Chuan.


 Emperor City.


 Fang Yuan had activated emperor yama killer move as he flew rapidly in the sky.


 Winds blew around him, in his vision, Li Huang and Qing Ye were like two torches that charged towards him in the darkness.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his finger, countless yama children flew out to obstruct Li Huang and Qing Ye.


 Next, he attacked the closest Immortal Gu House.


 The Gu Immortals inside that Immortal Gu House were shocked, they quickly retreated.


 “Fang Zheng, quickly use that move!” A Gu Immortal shouted.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was also inside this Gu House, he immediately acted as the Immortal Gu House shot out a blood light that moved it with several times the speed, causing Fang Yuan to miss his target.


 Using this chance, Li Huang and Qing Ye arrived and fought against Fang Yuan again.


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals could not take it as they mocked: “This is clearly a blood path method, the great righteous path Heavenly Court is actually using blood path killer moves in public right now!”


 “Bullshit, my Central Continent has unfathomable methods, how can you fools understand what we are doing?”


 “Western Desert scoundrel, you are jealous of my Central Continent’s wealth, this is slander towards the righteous leader of humanity, this is unacceptable!”


 How could Central Continent’s Gu Immortals acknowledge it, even though most of them knew that this was Fang Zheng’s blood path methods after all.


 “Damn it.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, Li Huang and Qing Ye were too annoying, he felt like he was stuck in a swamp.


 In this current situation, his best method was great thief ghost hand, using this move, he could destroy many of the Immortal Gu Houses of Heavenly Court.


 But Li Huang and Qing Ye were disturbing him, he did not have a chance to succeed.


 But Western Desert was also very wary of him, they did not want to cooperate.


 Fang clan had a secret cooperation with Fang Yuan but how could they expose that in public right now!


 Fang clan had obtained Divine Bean Palace years ago and that caused Western Desert’s righteous path to gang up on them, they were keeping a low profile now. Using this Refinement Path Convention as a chance, they made an agreement with Western Desert’s righteous path forces. If they worked with Fang Yuan now, they would be giving the righteous path forces more excuses to suppress them afterwards.


 “This is not looking good, the competition is nearing its end!” Fang Yuan had participated in the Refinement Path Convention before, he was clear of the situation now.


 “Most importantly, why are those fools from Longevity Heaven not doing anything? Hmm?” At this moment, Bing Sai Chuan contacted Fang Yuan.


 Towards Fang Yuan, he would naturally not use an authoritative tone, but Bing Sai Chuan knew how to convince Fang Yuan, he told him everything regarding Longevity Heaven’s invasion of Heavenly Court!


 These were all truths, they had no loopholes.


 Bing Sai Chuan did not hide or make up anything because he knew about Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment.


 “These bunch of snakes!” Fang Yuan learned about what happened in Heavenly Court as brilliance flashed in his eyes, he gritted his teeth in anger.


 He made use of Longevity Heaven and treated Bing Sai Chuan and the rest as pawns, was it not the same in reverse?


 Longevity Heaven had their own goals, right now, they were being truthful because they wanted Fang Yuan to cause chaos and prevent Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu fully.


 Inside Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven was only able to stabilize the situation and stall Heavenly Court’s experts, they had no chance of winning.


 But if Fang Yuan destroyed Emperor City and ruined the competition, Heavenly Court’s human path methods would be stopped, they would not be able to take success dao marks from Infallible blessed land.


 Without success dao marks, how could Yuan Qiong Du dare to repair fate Gu?


 This was the only chance of victory!


 Breathing in deeply, a cold light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Even though he knew that Longevity Heaven was making use of him, this open scheme was in line with his own benefits, he had to do it!


 Activating his immortal killer move, Fang Yuan moved like a phantom as he dashed around with shocking speed.


 Everywhere he went, Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses avoided him, because of Fang Yuan, the defensive line of Heavenly Court was in complete chaos.


 It was a pity that at this time, Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses were all restricted by Heavenly Court, they also had no motivation to go all in, they were unable to make a breakthrough.


 Li Huang and Qing Ye arrived again and interrupted Fang Yuan.


 Usually at this time, while Fang Yuan was busy with Li Huang and Qing Ye, Heavenly Court’s defensive line would be reformed.


 But it was different now!


 Fang Yuan roared, turning into the immemorial year monkey.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Be it spring scissors or summer fan, Fang Yuan aimed at the Emperor City below.


 This made Li Huang and Qing Ye’s expressions change.


 “Be careful, demon Fang Yuan is going all in!”


 “Stop him!”


 Li Huang and Qing Ye’s killer moves landed on Fang Yuan, winter coat killer move resisted them with difficulty, rank eight immortal essence was expended rapidly.


 All the Immortal Gu Houses flustered, they tried to defend Emperor City by blocking the attacks.


 Using this chance, Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses attacked.


 Fang Yuan ignored everything, he focused his killer moves on Emperor City.


 Winter coat killer move was finally unable to hold on, it broke with a loud sound, Fang Yuan’s flesh was torn and his bones broke from countless attacks. Fang Yuan forcefully activated winter coat killer move disregarding the damage to the core Immortal Gu or his injuries.


 But the core Immortal Gu of winter coat killer move was already damaged, now that it was used, the defensive power was much weaker, it continued to get broken by attacks. Eventually, Immortal Gu Winter succumbed to its injuries and got completely destroyed.


 Fang Yuan was no longer able to use winter coat, he lost his main defensive method, thankfully, the immemorial year monkey had a strong body to begin with, Fang Yuan also used many time path methods that were better than nothing.


 Fang Yuan’s relentless attacks had some great effect.


 Emperor City was shaking, the Gu Masters who were in the competition got disrupted as their refinement failed.


 “What happened?”


 “The entire city is shaking!”


 The Gu Masters were shocked and uncertain.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals who were inside Emperor City quickly made their move.


 “Protect these Gu Masters!”


 “Don’t let them die.”


 “These people are blessed by Central Continent’s human path luck, they are people with great fortune. If many of them die, our luck will not be able to resist demon Fang Yuan.”


 It turned out that Heavenly Court’s arrangements also considered the element of luck.


 Even though Heavenly Court did not have too much confidence in luck path, they could use this rough method to eliminate Fang Yuan’s advantage in luck path.


 “Ah, a chance! Fang clan’s immortals, the best opportunity is before us.” Inside Immortal Gu House Chicken Dog Coop, Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal shouted as his eyes shined.


 “Kill!”


 Chicken Dog Coop was manipulated by Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, they crashed towards Emperor City while moving extremely close to the ground.


 Heavenly Court’s attention was completely drawn to Fang Yuan.


 If Chicken Dog Coop used an immortal killer move, it would be detected, they would lose the chance as Heavenly Court would return to defend the city.


 But now, Chicken Dog Coop gave up on all methods, they charged directly without reservation, they had used their time optimally!


 “Oh no!” Li Huang, Qing Ye, and the rest were pale with shock.


 Undoubtedly, Chicken Dog Coop chose the best timing to attack, at this moment, Heavenly Court could only watch as it crashed into Emperor City.


 Even though they had several immortal killer moves, there was too little time, they did not have enough power to stop Chicken Dog Coop.


 Close, they were close.


 The Gu Masters in Emperor City were still unaware while Li Huang and the other Gu Immortals had looks of despair.


 The fatal attack was going to land!



***
Chapter 1724 - Heroes Among People


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 The front lines were extremely chaotic, the Heavenly Court immortals led by Duke Long fought against Northern Plains’ members in close range.


 But because of the qi wall, it was very peaceful at the back. Fairy Zi Wei was managing the situation, paying attention to all the battles at once.


 “Hmm?” When Chicken Dog Coop was about to hit Emperor City, Fairy Zi Wei’s heart tightened.


 “Senior Zheng Yuan, quickly save Emperor City!” She made her decision in an instant, she shouted with an unavoidably nervous expression.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan nodded lightly: “Don’t worry, we have enough human will now, my mission is about to be completed... open!”


 At once, Old Man Zheng Yuan’s body shook intensely as his immortal essence surged, blood flowed out of his seven orifices.


 He cultivated human path but he was only rank seven, it was hard for him to be the key that activated the human path methods, each attempt was excruciating beyond his limit.


 But Old Man Zheng Yuan had never shown any bitterness on his face.


 Right now, he had a blissful expression as he completed his task.


 After the killer move people’s united hearts, a new human path method left by the Immortal Venerable was activated.


 Emperor City battlefield.


 “Crush them all!” Fang clan’s Gu Immortal laughed loudly as his expressions turned ruthless.


 In his field of vision, Emperor City was getting closer, as long as they destroyed it, it would be a grand achievement! Not only would the Gu Immortal himself be famous throughout the five regions, the entire Fang clan would benefit, their reputation would rise, they would be the role model of Western Desert’s righteous path force.


 “Good!” Fang Yuan saw this and cheered internally.


 He had a gut feeling that if this attack succeeds, he would benefit greatly from it.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was high, these kinds of feelings were very reliable. But his luck path attainment level was inferior, he could not sense if luck path contributed to this feeling.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment.


 A faint white light flashed on Emperor City for a moment.


 This white light appeared and disappeared just as quickly.


 For some reason, Chicken Dog Coop’s ferocious aura vanished, it was still charging but it could not intimidate anyone anymore.


 The earlier Chicken Dog Coop was like an advancing warship, but now, it was a damaged boat without anybody steering it, it was moving with the waves.


 Next, under everyone’s shocked gaze, Chicken Dog Coop started to break apart and disintegrate, countless shards scattered with the wind.


 It continued to break apart like an old house, amidst the ferocious winds, it was torn apart piece by piece.


 A large number of Gu worms scattered, even more Gu worm corpses fell onto the ground.


 One moment ago, the Fang clan Gu Immortal with great morale and determination became completely silent.


 Even though the remaining Fang clan Gu Immortals were still shouting now.


 A bad feeling emerged in the hearts of the Fang clan Gu Immortals.


 Soon, the answer arrived.


 From the broken Chicken Dog Coop, corpses fell out one by one, they were the Fang clan Gu Immortals inside who were still lively a moment ago!


 “How could this happen?!”


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals shouted in shock, they called these Gu Immortals by their names but there was no response.


 “What killer move is this? With just one hit, the Immortal Gu House broke apart and not a single Gu Immortal inside survived?!” Even Fang Yuan’s expression changed in horror.


 Even in the five hundred years of his previous life, such a thing had never happened.


 This was the foundation of Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan and the Western Desert Gu Immortals had finally forced them to use it. After all, in the previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable succeeded in defying heaven, he managed to infiltrate Heavenly Court and prevented such a battle from occurring.


 Of course, the issue could also be Fang Yuan’s own memories. He was once manipulated by heaven’s will as a chess piece, he had used Spring Autumn Cicada many times, the memories he had were not entirely reliable.


 “This is immortal killer move — Broken Homes and Dead Family!” Li Huang’s eyes shined with light, he was extremely excited.


 He looked at the sky as he thought to himself: “It seems that the human will has already been accumulated sufficiently.”


 Sensing this, Li Huang gained an immense confidence in this battle.


 He shouted as his voice resounded in the battlefield: “Everyone, what are you waiting for? Heavenly Court has already acted, it is time for us to counterattack!”


 “That’s right, let these invaders taste the power of our Central Continent!” Qing Ye added.


 At the next moment, all over the territory of Central Continent, countless white lights started to emerge.


 These white lights were like specks or balls, they resembled countless lanterns, each were as large as dandelions, they floated casually with the wind, rising up and covering the sky.


 “What killer move is this?” Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were wary and uncertain.


 Fang Yuan turned into emperor yama form, he used soul path killer moves to defend himself. Now that winter coat was destroyed, Fang Yuan could only rely on his soul path defensive killer moves.


 He stood among the sea of white lights, this scene also made him rather uncertain.


 He tried to probe them carefully.


 But these white light spots did not have offensive power, they were like illusions, none of Fang Yuan’s methods worked.


 Even though this immortal killer move was grand and affected the whole of Central Continent, it did not have any offensive power.


 Next, these lights moved like fish or birds returning to their homes, landing in all of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals became covered in more and more white light specks, they were not too flaring, instead the light was warm and mild.


 This did not just happen in Emperor City battlefield, it was occurring in Heavenly Court, Infallible blessed land, and all other parts of the continent.


 This was human path killer move — Hope of the People!


 People’s united hearts and ‘broken homes and dead family’ were Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s human path methods.


 But hope of the people and the following move were Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s gains from exploring human path.


 Inside Heavenly Court, Old Man Zheng Yuan shouted again.


 Human path killer move — Heroes Among People!


 The white lights surrounding the Central Continent Gu Immortals started to shrink, while the Gu Immortals’ auras started to grow.


 “Their auras changed, what is going on?” Seeing this, Gu Immortals of the other four regions were very perplexed.


 “So strong, such strong power!” Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had an incredible feeling, their bodies were surging with new strength. This strength was so grand and vast, it felt like an endless tide, sweeping through their bodies and minds constantly.


 All their fatigue was gone.


 Their minds were clear, their fighting spirit also rose sharply.


 This situation was most evident in Li Huang, Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi and the rest.


 “Retreat!”


 “Quickly retreat, stop attacking.”


 “Let’s observe the situation first.”


 The Western Desert Immortal Gu Houses retreated, this scene had truly shocked them.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes but attacked at this moment, he wanted to probe them using an offensive method.


 Yama children flew out towards Li Huang and Qing Ye.


 Li Huang breathed in deeply, snickering as the verdant sun flame cloak expanded rapidly on his back by several times its original size, blazing with strong flames.


 Before the yama children got close, they were incinerated into nothingness.


 “Demon, take this!” Li Huang attacked as Fang Yuan defended himself.


 After several rounds, Fang Yuan was greatly astounded: “This human path killer move amplified Li Huang’s battle strength by at least three times as before!”


 This was not the amplification of dao marks.


 Dao mark amplification affected the power of immortal killer moves.


 But heroes among people targeted the Gu Immortal themselves!


 At rank eight, double amplification was already terrifying. For example, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s perfect pair killer move could create a clone that had the same battle strength as the user, it could be considered a double amplification.


 But this heroes among people was at least triple in amplification. And most shockingly, it did not just affect Li Huang, it affected countless Central Continent Gu Immortals!


 Hope of the people together with heroes among people, this was the power of two rank nine killer moves used together!


 It was like Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s ‘call of the ancient’ and ‘support of the future’, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s set of killer moves, ‘hope of the people’ and ‘heroes among people’, also had terrifying power that shocked the world.


 An even worse situation had arrived.


 Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses started to shine in white light as well.


 The effect of heroes among people was also working on Immortal Gu Houses.


 This was because Immortal Gu Houses were immortal killer moves in essence, used by Gu Immortals. Since heroes among people could amplify other immortal killer moves, Immortal Gu Houses were naturally part of this range.


 Central Continent received a great boost, they were at least three times as strong as before, this was a proud moment!


 When Gu Immortals fight, numbers were not always an advantage.


 Because Gu Immortals often lacked cooperation, the dao marks of different paths conflicted, one plus one was often smaller than two.


 If Gu Immortals wanted to fight together, they would usually control the same Immortal Gu House or be the formation cores of immortal formations. But in this aspect, Gu Immortals were mostly just providing immortal essence or repairing Immortal Gu Houses and formations, that was all they had to do.


 Compared to this, ancient battle formations had a clear advantage. Even though it was outdated already, it could unleash the potential of the individual Gu Immortals, there was a lot to learn from it.


 Be they immortal Gu formations or Immortal Gu Houses, they had fixed killer moves that were prepared beforehand, so their methods did not vary.


 But ancient battle formations were different, they could use the methods that Gu Immortals had, even amplifying them when used.


 An ancient battle formation was truly able to unite the strength of many Gu Immortals together in an intrinsic method.


 This was also why Seven Extreme Desolation could resist Duke Long and leave him without options. It was because the seven Gu Immortals using it had combined their strength, one plus one was more than two.


 From this aspect, heroes among people was even more profound than perfect pair.


 Because perfect pair could only create one clone with the same battle strength as the user. But heroes among people directly amplified the main body by at least three times as before. The strength of the main body was more valuable than gaining a clone of similar power!


 Pressure intensified, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were forced to retreat by Central Continent’s forces.


 “Fang Yuan, where do you think you’re going?!”


 “Die here!”


 Li Huang and Qing Ye attacked Fang Yuan, he had to resist while retreating.


 The amplification of heroes among people was in all aspects, the two rank eights became much faster now, they could advance and retreat at will, they had the initiative now.



***
Chapter 1725 - Four Dragon Generals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Emperor City battlefield.


 After an intense battle while moving around, Fang Yuan started to discover some facts.


 Such a powerful killer move like heroes among people was simply heaven defying, but it was not costless.


 The white light on Li Huang and Qing Ye had been weakening continuously, it was rapidly expended.


 But at the same time, the white light was being replenished.


 The white light in the sky was at a vast amount, it seemed limitless as it continued to pour into Li Huang and Qing Ye.


 Fang Yuan tried to counter it many times but there was no effect.


 “The weakness of this human path killer move is very obvious.” Fang Yuan had countless ideas, his mind was like a storm that rapidly produced new thoughts.


 “We just need to destroy the white lights in the sky, that’s all.”


 “Without these lights, Li Huang and Qing Ye would not be replenished, as the battle drags on, the amplification will vanish.”


 “But I do not have a method that targets these lights!”


 Fang Yuan tried many times but regrettably, he could not even target these white lights at all.


 This required an understanding of human path.


 Human path had always existed. In fact, because of >, it was likely the first existing path of human cultivation history. But Gu Immortals who could truly master human path were few, even throughout history, only those geniuses with unparalleled talent could interpret bits and pieces of it.


 These comprehensions were often scattered and meager. In most cases, they were merely a set of killer moves. Like Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s call of the ancient and support of the future, or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s heroes among people and hope of the people.


 Fang Yuan did not have such methods, even the Western Desert Gu Immortals present had no such methods.


 Throughout this entire Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan was losing because of the human path aspect.


 If it were other paths, with Fang Yuan’s deep foundation, he could deal with it. But human path was simply foreign to him.


 Not just him, most Gu Immortals in this world were unfamiliar with it.


 Thus, once human path methods were used, the effects were tremendous.


 For example, Longevity Heaven’s call of the ancient, or Heavenly Court’s heroes among people.


 “It seems that I need to read > more often and comprehend the profundities of human path from it. Without human path methods, it is really difficult to deal with Heavenly Court.”


 1“During the five regions chaotic war, all the super forces will at least have some human path methods too.”


 “My foundation in this aspect is truly lacking.”


 Fang Yuan realized this.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was very high already, there were many reasons for this, he had always been trying to raise his battle strength through all means possible. In terms of pure battle strength, he was already standing at the top ranks of this Gu Immortal world.


 In terms of resources, Fang Yuan acquired them from many means, and because of sovereign immortal aperture’s usefulness, he was self-sufficient. He was able to feed his many Immortal Gu and also earn some revenue. But currently, he did not have the finances to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu, he needed time and accumulation.


 But Fang Yuan’s shortcomings still existed, and there were many of them.


 He had quasi-supreme attainment level in refinement path and time path, his theft path was great grandmaster, blood path, strength path, transformation path, wisdom path, star path were also quite good. But in terms of poison path, dream path, space path, sword path, and others, he lacked the foundation in them, these were all weaknesses.


 The same went for human path.


 Li Huang and Qing Ye were amplified by heroes among people, becoming able to suppress Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not want to give up, he could only go on the defensive.


 Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses started to attack, encircling Western Desert’s immortals as well as the Immortal Gu House that Bai Ning Bing and the rest were in.


 Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses gained a surge in battle strength, they were not afraid of these enemies’ Immortal Gu Houses escaping.


 Hidden Dragon Cave battlefield.


 “Soon.” Song Qi Yuan had a heated gaze, he stared at the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace as he continued to refine it.


 Along with him, there were the other rank eight Gu Immortals of Eastern Sea — Qing Yue An, Hua Cai Yun, Shen Cong Sheng, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Shi Miao, and Yang Zi He.


 These Gu Immortals cooperated and refined Dragon Palace, trying to make it their own.


 Even though Dragon Palace was refined by Duke Long, it was unmanned at the moment, because a portion of its power was used to suppress Di Zang Sheng, it could barely resist the refinement of Eastern Sea’s rank eights.


 Time passed, Dragon Palace was gradually refined by the Eastern Sea immortals.


 Just when they were about to succeed, Eastern Sea’s immortals became increasingly alert.


 “Be careful, we do not want to fail at the last second!”


 “That’s right, I have a bad feeling for some reason.”


 “Indeed, even though we attacked this place, Heavenly Court had not sent a single reinforcement.”


 “Don’t worry, that Heavenly Court is probably busy fending for themselves, they cannot spare any effort here. I’m sure they’ve already given up on this place.”


 “Old Slave Bei Feng, go and guard the cave entrance, kill anyone who approaches suspiciously. If Heavenly Court sends reinforcements, you cannot retreat even if you die!” Shen Cong Sheng shouted, he had already enslaved Old Man Bei Feng successfully.


 Old Man Bei Feng had lost his freedom, he had to obey Shen Cong Sheng.


 He sighed bitterly as he obeyed the orders, leaving with his grandson Feng Chan Zi.


 Feng Chan Zi was Old Man Bei Feng’s grandson, he only had rank six cultivation level and was insignificant to the Eastern Sea immortals. After Shen Cong Sheng enslaved Old Man Bei Feng, he also enslaved Feng Chan Zi.


 “It seems that this time, Brother Shen’s gains are the largest.” Zhang Yin laughed.


 According to the alliance agreement, Dragon Palace was shared among the immortals, but Shen Cong Sheng managed to enslave Old Man Bei Feng and his grandson. Forget about Feng Chan Zi, the key was Old Man Bei Feng, he was a genuine rank eight. The only problem was that his injuries made his battle strength fall drastically.


 Shen Cong Sheng was silent, he knew that with his huge gains, even though the others looked calm on the outside, they had other thoughts internally.


 Because Shen clan had just gained a new rank eight existence. After Old Man Bei Feng recovers, it would break the balance of the current Eastern Sea!


 Thinking of this, Shen Cong Sheng smiled: “What can this Old Man Bei Feng do? He is old and extremely injured, he needs to spend a lot of time and energy in recuperating. It is nothing compared to Dragon Palace!”


 He tried to devalue Old Man Bei Feng while diverting the attention of the immortals to Dragon Palace.


 “This Dragon Palace is able to suppress and even enslave Di Zang Sheng. With it, when the five regions combine, we will have the power to resist the four other regions.” He was trying to alert the other immortals’ sense of danger, to remind them that he, Shen Cong Sheng, was their ally, their true enemies were the other four regions including Central Continent.


 “Let’s observe properly, according to our deductions, Dragon Palace should have a dream path Immortal Gu in it, I hope Duke Long did not take it away!” Shen Cong Sheng added.


 The immortals were silent.


 Shen Cong Sheng made a lot of sense, his eloquence made his companions feel less envious now.


 “Dragon Palace is basically ours now, what are we going to do now?” Granny Rong asked.


 “Once we subdue Dragon Palace, we will act together and help it enslave Di Zang Sheng. After that...” Song Qi Yuan pondered.


 “Heavenly Court’s reinforcements did not show up, it shows that their fight is very intense. Maybe we can help the others a little, even if it is Fang Yuan!”


 “That’s right, Central Continent is the strongest among the five regions now, we need to weaken it.”


 “Hehe, who said that Heavenly Court has no reinforcements?”


 A change occurred right at this moment!


 Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Shi Miao, and Yang Zi He suddenly attacked, targeting Song Qi Yuan, Qing Yue An, Hua Cai Yun, and Shen Cong Sheng.


 How could Song Qi Yuan and the rest expect that their allies would suddenly attack them! They were all hit as they spat out blood and escaped.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had immense foundation, their defenses were extremely thick, even though Zhang Yin and the rest attacked by surprise, they did not kill anyone.


 But that was enough.


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest were moderately injured as they retreated away.


 Zhang Yin and the rest stood at the inner circle, defending Dragon Palace.


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest were furious and shocked.


 Qing Yue An shouted: “Zhang Yin, are the four of you insane? You want to take Dragon Palace for yourselves?!”


 Zhang Yin chuckled: “All four of us are working together, we’re not trying to monopolize it.”


 Shen Cong Sheng had a grim expression: “Don’t forget that we set an alliance agreement. You are breaking the agreement now, get ready for the backlash.”


 Yang Zi He had a plain tone but firm determination: “Even if we die, we will protect Dragon Palace, you will not obtain it.”


 Hua Cai Yun frowned instantly, saying lightly: “Something is wrong.”


 Even though Zhang Yin and the rest were lone or demonic rank eight immortals, they were still Eastern Sea people, even though they had some conflicts with Song Qi Yuan and the other super forces’ leaders, it was too strange that they would risk their lives and even be willing to die to protect Dragon Palace.


 “Why are you doing this?” Song Qi Yuan shouted.


 Zhang Yin and the rest started to smile creepily at the same time.


 Next, their bodies became taller, their hands and legs became claws, scales appeared on their skin, horns appeared on their forehead as their pupils became vertical-slit pupils.


 Their appearances had changed drastically.


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest were deeply astounded.


 Because these changes were similar to Duke Long’s transformation.


 Qing Yue An could not contain his anger: “You all gave up your superior statuses as humans to become these inferior variant human dragonmen?!”


 “What do you know?”


 “Dragonman is the noble race, the future ruler of this heaven and earth!”


 “Humans are bound to be exterminated in this world.”


 Zhang Yin and the rest spoke one by one, at this point, they shouted together: “We are the guardians of Dragon Palace — the Four Dragon Generals!”


 COMMENT


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest were shocked until they were speechless.


 “I get it now!” Hua Cai Yun had a flash of inspiration, cold light shined in her eyes: “The four of them were enslaved by Dragon Palace long ago, they fought against Duke Long earlier in Dragon Palace because that was their responsibility. After Duke Long took away Dragon Palace and refined it, he became their master, but this Duke Long is too crafty,he did not send them away, instead, they stayed by our side. Heavenly Court’s reinforcements had arrived long ago, they came with us.”



***
Chapter 1726 - Destiny Song


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hua Cai Yun couldn’t help but smile bitterly.


 It turned out that although they seemed successful, this was just a huge trap meticulously set by Heavenly Court!


 “Precisely so.” Zhang Yin and the rest smiled calmly.


 Qing Yue An and the rest finally reacted.


 “In order to assure us, you actually let me enslave Old Man Bei Feng, your schemes are truly deep.” Shen Cong Sheng said in a cold tone.


 “This was not our intention, it was also not part of Lord Duke Long’s plan.” Zhang Yin shook his head, as the leader of the group, he said: “Do you know that everything that happened here was already part of Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions. She was the one who assigned us this task.”


 1Song Qi Yuan’s gaze landed on Dragon Palace again: “So this means that the rank eight Immortal Gu House is actually an enslavement path Immortal Gu House... it can actually enslave rank eight Gu Immortals, and even as many as four! Even after that, it can still continue to suppress and enslave Di Zang Sheng... throughout history, this has to be the number one enslavement path Immortal Gu House!”


 Zhang Yin and the rest had a change of expression.


 Qing Yue An, Hua Cai Yun, and Shen Cong Sheng looked at Song Qi Yuan for a second, realizing that he had not given up.


 Even though there was this accident, Song Qi Yuan and the rest were rank eight Gu Immortals, how could they give up so easily?


 Even though they were sneak attacked and got injured, their battle strength was still quite well preserved, if they continued to fight, there was still hope.


 It was not easy to sneak attack rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Most immortal killer moves would release their aura when activated.


 Thus, Zhang Yin and the rest did not use any terrifying killer moves, they had a hard time concealing the aura of their killer moves to begin with.


 Methods that could conceal the aura of killer moves were very rare.


 Currently, only Southern Border’s Wu Yong had such methods. Others, including Heavenly Court’s members, did not have any.


 Boom boom boom!


 Explosions resounded again.


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest did not give up, they fought against Zhang Yin and the rest once more.


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 Bai Cang Shui retreated alongside Chen Yi.


 Wu Yong and the rest attacked, trying to force her away from the formation behind her, so as to kill these two rank eights from Heavenly Court outside the formation.


 Bai Cang Shui moved around in different directions, dodging fatal attacks time and again.


 Southern Border’s immortals gave her huge pressure, especially Wu Yong, all of his killer moves’ auras were concealed before they were unleashed, Bai Cang Shui was very wary of him. Even if Wu Yong did not attack, she had to keep her attention on him at all times.


 “Let me down, you should escape!” Chen Yi said.


 He was hit by the unorthodox farewell friend wind, he could not move and could only wait for his death.


 Right now, his clothes, eyebrows, and hair were vanishing, his limbs were also disappearing, the terrible might of farewell friend wind was about to completely erode his limbs, followed by his body.


 Thankfully, farewell friend wind did not spread among people, it only targeted Chen Yi, that gave Bai Cang Shui the courage to protect him.


 “You think I want to save you?” Bai Cang Shui transmitted secretly.


 Chen Yi was stunned.


 He suddenly realized.


 As he expected, Bai Cang Shui continued: “I am purposely doing this and pretending that I do not want to give up on you, to put myself in danger and attract the attention of the Southern Border immortals, so that we can stall for time and let the others set up more immortal formations. You are definitely dying, but you can still be useful. I might die too, but we must stall for time. For Heavenly Court, for Central Continent, for the people in this world, so what if we sacrifice ourselves?”


 1Chen Yi was silent, he suddenly wanted to smile, at this moment, death seemed so insignificant.


 Even though he was someone obsessed with authority, he was also someone who upheld humanity’s righteousness. He was like Bai Cang Shui, he did not fear sacrifice, if not for this, Fairy Zi Wei would not have made him a member of Heavenly Court.


 But Chen Yi could not smile, his face showed even more pain and bitterness, he needed to act, to cooperate with Bai Cang Shui and deceive the Southern Border immortals.


 “Let me be useful at the final moment of my life.” Chen Yi spoke openly, he was resolved to die.


 But at this moment, he heard a song playing by his ears.


 In such an intense fight, who would have the mood to sing?


 Chen Yi was stunned before his attention was fully drawn to the song.


 Bai Cang Shui, Wu Yong, and the rest were in the same situation as him.


 The singing voice was illusory and deep, it was filled with conflict and was very unique.


 Initially, the song was like a small stream of water in the mountains, flowing slowly. Gradually, the stream turned into flowing lava that expanded the river’s width, in the range of mountains, it sounded like a dragon’s roaring echo.


 At the same time, the river of lava on the mountain turned into a raging tide, swish swish swish, ebb and flow, it continued without stopping.


 The lava and waves collided, reacting and creating steam that covered the entire sky.


 The steam condensed into clouds that wanted to fly towards the high heavens.


 Suddenly, lightning struck and thunder roared, the lightning bolts landed on the clouds as the immortals felt like they had fallen from the sky, they felt a sense of hollowness in their hearts.


 Phantom or real, high or low, being proud and confident at times, feeling lost and desperate during disasters. Bending one’s back at times, spreading one’s words at times...


 In the battlefield, all conflict had ceased, everyone was engrossed in the song, they forgot everything else.


 But suddenly, the song stopped, everyone woke up immediately.


 Chi Qu You had a solemn expression: “What song is this? It is terrifying, it actually made all of us so engrossed in it without resistance!”


 Qiao Zhi Cai had a pale face as he said with lingering fear: “Thankfully it stopped, otherwise, none of us would have gotten free, we would have been hit badly.”


 “What song is this?” Yi Hao Fang asked.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal walked out of the formation, he wore a red and white robe, he had extreme elegance as he smiled: “This is my newly created destiny song.”


 It was Feng Jiu Ge!


 “Hmph, destiny? You talk big.” Ba Shi Ba snored coldly.


 “Unbelievable! This destiny song actually saved my life.” Chen Yi cheered, he only had his body and head left, but farewell friend wind had stopped. Even though his injuries were severe, Chen Yi’s life was not over.


 The Southern Border immortals were dazed.


 Wu Yong’s farewell friend wind was rank eight. Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song used Fate Armor as the core, it was also rank eight!


 “You again!” Wu Yong stared at Feng Jiu Ge with deep anger.


 Last time, he wanted to kill Fang Yuan but Feng Jiu Ge saved him.


 This time, he wanted to kill Chen Yi but Feng Jiu Ge stopped him yet again.


 Twice, Feng Jiu Ge had ruined Wu Yong’s plans twice!


 And these were two crucial timings.


 Even with Wu Yong’s supreme disposition and ability to endure any circumstance, he could not help but become very angry.


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you are truly an unrivaled genius.” Wu Yong squinted his eyes, his voice was cold as a blizzard, it could send a chill down someone’s spine: “Come, show me everything you’ve got, I’ll take you on myself.”


 Saying so, an intense wind blew.


 This was Wu Yong’s unlimited wind, it had been ravaging the battlefield, like a huge pillar supporting heaven and earth.


 This move expended ten thousand of Wu Yong’s wind path dao marks!


 2Unlimited wind was unceasing and grand, it approached Feng Jiu Ge and the rest with divine might.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled bitterly: “Lord Wu Yong is truly powerful, I have no choice but to avoid you.”


 Bai Cang Shui grabbed Chen Yi: “It is time, let’s go!”


 Behind the three, the formation expanded, they were successful in retreating back into the formation.


 Once they were inside the formation, Feng Jiu Ge spit out a mouthful of blood, his face was pale as paper, he was standing shakily.


 “What happened?” Bai Cang Shui quickly supported him.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled with an ugly expression, his breathing was very weak: “My destiny song was only created in a rush, I have not even finished half my song. Because I had no choice but to use it this time, I suffered heavy injuries as a result.”


 “Brother Feng risked your life to save me, I will never forget this debt of gratitude!” Chen Yi sighed.


 “Right now, Central Continent is in chaos, Southern Border’s immortals are here with vengeance, I save you for the sake of Central Continent.” Feng Jiu Ge shook his head.


 Chen Yi looked at Feng Jiu Ge and Bai Cang Shui, thinking of their relentless actions, he laughed with heroism: “No matter how dangerous it is, with people like us that do not fear sacrifice or death, Central Continent will definitely win, Heavenly Court will emerge victorious!”


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei who had been observing Infallible blessed land let out a breath of air as she smiled.


 “Truly incredible, Feng Jiu Ge and destiny song!”


 Fairy Zi Wei knew about Heavenly Court’s plan for destiny Gu. Longevity Heaven was also ambitious towards it. Earlier, Heavenly Court wanted to obtain fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, while now, Longevity Heaven was after fate Gu, they were all trying to obtain destiny Gu.


 However, the one who took a big step in this direction was not the two supreme forces, but a lone Gu Immortal.


 “Feng Jiu Ge!” Fairy Zi Wei muttered.


 Even though she had always thought highly of his talent and ability, she realized now that she had vastly underestimated him.


 Chen Yi’s sacrifice was certain in Fairy Zi Wei’s perspective. Because farewell friend wind could not be undone, unless they had defended against it beforehand.


 To think that this rule was overwritten by Feng Jiu Ge today.


 In history, there had never been any case of farewell friend wind being broken. Undeniably, after assimilation wind song, Feng Jiu Ge has written history once again!


 COMMENT


 Emperor City battlefield.


 A wave of cheers resounded in Emperor City.


 The final competition of Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention had ended.


 This meant that this was no longer Heavenly Court’s weakness.


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals who sensed this quickly retreated, they wanted to escape.


 They did not manage to destroy Emperor City or the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 “Everything has ended.”


 “Sigh, Heavenly Court succeeded in the end.”


 Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were dejected, it was not easy to retreat now, Central Continent was supported with heroes among people, they could not escape so easily.


 Fang Yuan had a heavy heart.


 He had tried his best but there was no helping it.


 Heavenly Court’s methods were truly out of his expectations, he could not handle them.


 In the end, Heavenly Court’s foundation was too deep, Fang Yuan was not their match.


 Even though he had obtained many venerable inheritances, through plunder his strength also grew rapidly at an unprecedented speed, Heavenly Court and Central Continent had gone through three million years of accumulation, it was nurtured by the efforts of countless generations of elites!



***
Chapter 1727 - Killing Fang Yuan to Save the World


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s achievements were due to his own hard work and also the help of many predecessors.


 Heavenly Court and Central Continent were the same, it was not strange that they could defend against Fang Yuan and Western Desert’s immortals. This was their strength and foundation, countless generations of people in Central Continent and Heavenly Court had achieved this.


 Their hard work was undeniable be it past or present.


 “There is no choice, I need to retreat.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Li Huang and Qing Ye were trying hard to stall Fang Yuan, but with his methods, he was confident of breaking out.


 Fang Yuan no longer had any intention of destroying Emperor City.


 At this point, it was useless, furthermore, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were protecting it, it was too hard to destroy it now.


 But at this moment, there was a loud sound.


 The earth cracked open as a huge Earth Trench emerged from the north to south, devouring all forests or mountains in its path at an extreme speed!


 And of all coincidences, Emperor City was right ahead of this expanding Earth Trench.


 “Oh no!”


 “Protect Emperor City!”


 This was out of everyone’s expectations.


 Central Continent’s immortals were busy as they quickly tried to protect Emperor City.


 But the might of heaven was unpredictable, Earth Trenches were not normally formed, they were created because the earth veins of the five regions were combining. This was such a grand power of heaven and earth, how could a bunch of Gu Immortals resist it?


 Thus, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals could only watch as the Earth Trench devoured Emperor City!


 Emperor City was unable to fly, it was huge and as the ground cracked, it fell into the Earth Trench, disintegrating continuously.


 In this huge city, there were nearly a million people. There were countless Gu Masters, they were all elites gathered from all over the world. Especially when this gathering was meant to resist Fang Yuan’s luck, there were many people with strong luck gathered here.


 Ye Fan and Hong Yi were part of this group, there were many others similar to them.


 “Quickly save them!” Li Huang shouted.


 “Hahaha, wishful thinking!” Fang Yuan attacked.


 He was in emperor yama form now, it was easy to use soul path killer moves.


 Fang Yuan dived into the crowd of a million, he saw Hong Yi and Ye Fan, these two were luck connected to him, it was no wonder that his luck was suppressed all along.


 Immortal killer move — Luo Po Seal!


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Fang Yuan first used Luo Po seal before turning into the immemorial year monkey and using two time path killer moves.


 “No!” Li Huang could not block Fang Yuan’s vicious attack in such a rush, he shouted angrily but could only watch as countless lifeforms died in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 2Among them were the elites who took part in the finals of the refinement path competition.


 Hong Yi and Ye Fan were not spared.


 2“Fang Yuan, as a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, you actually slaughtered mortals. You are so vicious and evil, you should die, you deserve death!” Qing Ye’s eyes were bloodshot and red, he was incomparably angry as he charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s attack caused huge losses to Central Continent!


 Qing Ye knew that this Emperor City was an important location of Central Continent, it had human path arrangements that attracted and nurtured generations of elites. With the accumulation over time, there was an abundance of human qi here, it was the greatest breeding ground of Gu Immortals.


 Central Continent followed the sect system after all, it was not like the other regions. Emperor City produced many talented people, they were all geniuses with abundant luck. If these people obtained sufficient resources and grew properly, there was a high chance of becoming Gu Immortals!


 In the future, during the five regions chaotic war, many Gu Immortals would die, these people were Gu Immortal seeds for Central Continent, so they could produce more immortals in the future.


 Fang Yuan’s attack almost wiped out people in the city, he killed a good portion of Central Continent’s seeds, their potential during the war was greatly lowered.


 The losses were too severe, how could Li Huang and Qing Ye not feel enraged, they wanted to tear Fang Yuan to shreds!


 After Hong Yi, Ye Fan, and a bunch of talents died, Fang Yuan felt a sensation of relief.


 He knew that his luck path was starting to show its advantage.


 Taking a final look at the lingering pieces of the descending Emperor City and the corpses that he created, Fang Yuan retreated rapidly.


 Li Huang, Qing Ye, and the Immortal Gu Houses started to chase after him relentlessly.


 “Demon! Demon!”


 “He almost killed everyone in the city, my... my family was inside!”


 “Kill him, rid the world of this great harm!”


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were full of rage and killing intent.


 Fang Yuan laughed maniacally: “Can you stop me?”


 They could not.


 While Fang Yuan could not do anything to these Central Continent people, their Immortal Gu Houses and the rank eight Gu Immortals could not blockade Fang Yuan even though they could encircle Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 Unless they used an immortal Gu formation or an immortal battlefield killer move.


 But in this short time, how could they set it up?


 Even if they could set up an immortal Gu formation or battlefield, unless they could kill Fang Yuan rapidly, with his wisdom path attainment and powerful methods, he could escape.


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s death was the best evidence.


 Not only could they not trap him, Fang Yuan could even retaliate.


 Boom!


 With a strong attack, Fang Yuan almost dismantled an Immortal Gu House.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was inside this house, he was breaking out in cold sweat from fear. This Immortal Gu House quickly moved back to heal, while the other Immortal Gu Houses moved to fill up the gap.


 Fang Yuan looked at this house regrettably, even though he did not know that Fang Zheng was inside, his intuition told him that if he destroyed it, he would benefit greatly.


 Fang Zheng’s existence was a type of restraint and burden on him.


 “Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan!” At this time, Bing Sai Chuan contacted him again.


 “Bing Sai Chuan, you still have the face to contact me? Today’s loss was because of you!” Fang Yuan showed an angry expression.


 The truth was, even though Central Continent’s Heavenly Court had deep foundation, it was still at a disadvantage against all four other regions.


 However, Central Continent’s people’s united hearts made them a collective force, while the other four regions had their own agendas, even though they were strong, they could not work together.


 And in fact, all four regions preserved their strength. For example, even though Eastern Sea attacked with many rank eights, they did not mobilize many rank seven Gu Immortals or Immortal Gu Houses. Western Desert sent rank six and seven Gu Immortals as well as Immortal Gu Houses but did not send rank eight Gu Immortals. Many experts like Xi clan’s first supreme elder did not join the battle, they were staying in Western Desert.


 Bing Sai Chuan sighed bitterly: “I cannot hold on much longer, we suffered huge losses but there is still a chance! That is Infallible blessed land!”


 Originally, Heavenly Court used human path methods to host the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, its goal was to use the countless refinement failures to create the success dao marks in Infallible blessed land.


 Right now, fate Gu had not fully recovered, it still lacked the final batch of success dao marks.


 Even though the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was completed, the final batch of success dao marks was still being produced, it was going to take some time before it was transported to Heavenly Court.


 This was because Infallible blessed land was surrounded in immortal formations now.


 Even though these immortal formations stopped the attacks of Southern Border’s immortals, it also created problems for the transportation of success dao marks.


 COMMENT


 After hearing Bing Sai Chuan’s explanation, Fang Yuan’s mood brightened up: “It seems that Infallible blessed land is our last hope!”


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he turned around and went towards Infallible blessed land instead.


 Behind him, Li Huang and the rest including the Immortal Gu Houses chased with determination.


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 Unlimited wind was like a tall pillar sweeping everything in its path, it tried to destroy Heavenly Court’s immortal formation with an unstoppable advancement.


 The immortal formation shot out with golden light, resisting it fully.


 Wu Yong and the rest had solemn expressions.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Chi Qu You said in a low tone: “Unbelievable, their immortal Gu formations were also amplified! What kind of human path methods actually created these countless white lights?”


 Immortal formations were immortal killer moves in essence, they were manipulated by Gu Immortals.


 Since Gu Immortals were boosted by heroes among people, immortal formations were naturally powered up too.


 Wu Yong expended his own foundation to create the powerful killer move, unlimited wind, even though he still had the advantage now, his gains were smaller than before.


 “It seems that we need to cooperate with the outside if we want to destroy the formation. We’ll leave the outside to unlimited wind, we need to find the weak point from the inside.” Yi Hao Fang said with deep concentration.


 Ba Shi Ba pondered: “Times are different now, earlier we attacked by surprise and caught them off-guard. But a long time has passed already, we need to be wary of Heavenly Court’s reinforcements. Thus, we need some people to stay outside the formation.”


 Everyone agreed with Ba Shi Ba’s words.


 Even though unlimited wind was powerful, it was just a killer move.


 Killer moves were fixed, but people could think.


 Wu Yong had a heavy heart.


 Because they could not destroy the formation rapidly, their sneak attack failed, they had to use brute force now.


 Even though Heavenly Court lost many formations in the meantime, they might have lost Immortal Gu but their foundation was untouched.


 Chen Yi was meant to die, but Feng Jiu Ge actually managed to save him.


 Wu Yong knew that the longer this went on, the more disadvantageous it was for them. They needed to split up now, a group would enter while the rest stayed outside. Of course, that would mean that they could not work together, their efficiency in destroying the formation would be much lower. If Heavenly Court’s reinforcements arrive, they would also face greater pressure.


 Wu Yong sighed to himself, even though there were great problems in splitting up, they had to do it.


 “If only we had more people with us, even though I became the Southern Alliance Leader, I cannot mobilize too many people. With the three rank eights that we have, this is already the best outcome.”


 Wu Yong breathed in deeply, he started to make arrangements.


 Chi Qu You had the highest formation path attainment, he naturally had to go inside. Wu Yong had the number one battle strength, he also had to go into the formation, to protect Chi Qu You and also to fight against strong enemies inside.


 Meanwhile, Yi Hao Fang and Ba Shi Ba cultivated transformation path and rule path respectively, they could stay outside. After all, Heavenly Court’s reinforcements might be powerful, letting two rank eights stay outside was safer.


 Right when Southern Border’s Gu Immortals discussed their next action, there was a commotion.


 Wu Yong’s expression changed, he looked towards the north, saying softly: “Someone’s coming.”


 There were quite a lot of people!


 They were led by three rank eights.


 An old man carrying a walking cane, he had a kind aura and was the former first supreme elder of Northern Plains’ Yao tribe, and the current South Desolation Immortal of Longevity Heaven — Yao Huang.


 The second person wore a white robe, he had thick hair, a long and tall body, he was the first supreme elder of Northern Plains’ Bai Zu tribe — Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 The third wore a tall crown and golden cape, he had incredible disposition, it was Gong tribe’s external supreme elder — Prince Feng Xian.


 2Those after them were all elites among immortals.


 There were Domination Immortal Chu Du, Toad Fiend Immortal Nu Er Qian, Spear Deity Yuan Rang Zun, Wealth Devouring Boy Nian Er Fu, and others.


 1Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals gathered towards the Southern Border immortals.


 “Friends from Northern Plains, what do you want?” Wu Yong asked loudly.


 Yao Huang chuckled as he said: “The enemy is before us, we would like to work together with you and attack Heavenly Court!”


 Wu Yong laughed loudly, Heavenly Court’s reinforcements did not come, instead, he gained some new allies.



***
Chapter 1728 - Agreeing to Ally with Fang Yuan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 “What formation is this?” Wu Yong asked.


 Beside him were the two rank eights, Yi Hao Fang and Chi Qu You, followed by Southern Border’s band of rank seven elites.


 Not far away stood the leader Yao Huang, followed by the Northern Plains immortals such as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du.


 After some discussion, both sides made a temporary agreement, they decided to cooperate and attack Heavenly Court.


 But this was the first time they were working together, the alliance agreement was quite relaxed, they were still wary of each other. Despite this, Wu Yong was already quite satisfied.


 “Southern Border and Northern Plains are cooperating, this is an unprecedented event in history!”


 “With the help of Northern Plains, we will not lack numbers. Even if Heavenly Court sends reinforcements, Ba Shi Ba and Prince Feng Xian who are outside will be able to last for a while, we will have enough reaction time.”


 Wu Yong thought to himself.


 Beside him, Chi Qu You spoke: “This should be a new formation, I have never seen any records of this.”


 Wu Yong nodded as he purposely spoke loudly: “In that case, we can only explore and probe this formation.”


 Over at Northern Plains, Yao Huang heard this as he smiled while grasping his walking cane: “Southern Border allies, wait a while and recover first. My side has just arrived, we are in good condition, we will do the probing.”


 Wu Yong showed delight on his face, he cupped his fist: “The bravery of Northern Plains is known to all, we will wait here and recover, if anything happens, we will definitely lend a hand.”


 Yao Huang nodded as he instructed someone to explore the formation.


 This batch of Northern Plains Gu Immortals were purposely chosen by Bing Sai Chuan. After receiving orders, Yao Huang gathered these people in the name of Longevity Heaven and brought them here.


 Before this, Bing Sai Chuan had already brought Calamity Luck Altar and his comrades to attack Heavenly Court.


 It was not that Bing Sai Chuan had purposely diverted his forces, but he had his reservations.


 Attacking Heavenly Court was an important matter, it needed to be kept secret. He was afraid that if they expanded the numbers and called too many people, the invasion would fail, they would get exposed and end up losing the battle in the end.


 Thus, Bing Sai Chuan only chose the few people he trusted the most.


 And undoubtedly, his decision was correct.


 Because Prince Feng Xian was the spy of Spirit Affinity House, he was one of the most successful spies in terms of status.


 The Northern Plains group was naturally led by Yao Huang.


 After losing in Heavenly Court, Bing Sai Chuan sent out orders to Yao Huang first, before contacting Fang Yuan.


 Yao Huang knew how important this mission was, because the hope of getting fate Gu from Heavenly Court was getting slimmer now, Infallible blessed land had become the most important battlefield. As long as they destroyed it, Heavenly Court’s plan of repairing fate Gu would be foiled.


 This way, Heavenly Court would need to try and restore fate Gu once more. The longer this dragged on, the more hope there was for the four regions.


 Thus, Yao Huang and Southern Border’s immortals joined forces with great sincerity.


 Wu Yong purposely spoke loudly, Yao Huang knew his intentions and quickly offered to help, it was his display of sincerity.


 Heavenly Court was united in ideals, Central Continent had people’s united hearts, while Southern Border and Northern Plains had joined hands for the first time ever, this was truly a new page of history, despite both of them not trusting each other fully yet.


 In order to succeed in this attack on Heavenly Court’s formation, both sides cooperated earnestly.


 Northern Plains sent none other than Wealth Devouring Boy Nian Er Fu. This person had a child’s appearance, he had peak rank seven battle strength and cultivated space path, he was able to protect himself.


 This formation was not ordinary, it was like an underground cave. The cave was huge and the Gu Immortals were like ants, there were countless stalagmites and stalactites that hung down from the ceiling or protruded from the ground like growing grass. They had all sorts of color and emitted a light that was a dazzling sight.


 Nian Er Fu carefully went into the formation under everyone’s observation.


 He was famous in Northern Plains, he cultivated space path and moved unhindered around battlefields, he was able to preserve his life in dangerous situations and even earn huge profits from it, gaining an immense wealth. This was also why he was called Wealth Devouring Boy.


 But at this moment, Nian Er Fu was very alert, he did not dare to be careless.


 This was Heavenly Court’s formation, any accident and his life would end here.


 Nian Er Fu entered the formation as it started to activate, the stalactite and stalagmite started to grow as the rainbow lights enveloped Nian Er Fu.


 In everyone’s perspective, this underground cave created by the formation was like a fierce beast opening its mouth, it was shutting its mouth now, countless stalactites and stalagmites joined together and wanted to chew this Nian Er Fu into bits of flesh.


 Nian Er Fu was very alert, upon sensing this problem, he turned around and ran.


 The rainbow light was very troublesome, it hindered his movement ability, it could even penetrate his defense.


 “This rainbow light is the exquisite seven orifices formation, let’s quickly attack the light and help Nian Er Fu to escape before it’s too late.” Chi Qu You saw something amiss as he quickly shouted.


 Southern Border’s and Northern Plains’ immortals worked together as killer moves erupted.


 Nian Er Fu received a lot of help as he narrowly avoided the gathering of the rainbow light, returning to the main group.


 “So close, without all of you, I would have died in there.” Nian Er Fu felt great after-fear.


 “Your face...” Suddenly, Nu Er Qian pointed at Nian Er Fu’s face, showing a look of terror.


 “What is it?” Nian Er Fu touched his own face but felt a hard jade stone texture.


 “You were still hit. It seems that this formation is not a simple exquisite seven orifices formation, there is also the jade spike formation.” Black Extremity said.


 Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven had Four Desolation Immortals and Eight Extremities.


 Among which, Black Extremity was skilled in formation path, he had incredible talent and had once cheated Old Ancestor Xue Hu by disguising as Sun Ming Lu.


 Black Extremity’s words received Chi Qu You’s acknowledgment: “This is likely a combination formation made from exquisite seven orifices formation and jade spike formation.”


 “Then how do we break it?” Wu Yong looked at the permeating rainbow light and countless stalactites and stalagmites as he said.


 Chi Qu You smiled confidently: “With just the few of us, it is very hard to break this formation. But with the friends of Northern Plains here, this is merely a troublesome issue.”


 Right when Southern Border and Northern Plains joined forces, Fang Yuan was also fighting against Qing Ye and Li Huang.


 “This human path killer move is truly troublesome!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a cold flickering light.


 Li Huang and Qing Ye were boosted by killer move heroes among people, they pursued Fang Yuan relentlessly. As for those Immortal Gu House, only two remained chasing Fang Yuan, while the rest were either dealing with Western Desert’s immortals or saving the Central Continent Gu Masters in the Earth Trench.


 After getting the information from Bing Sai Chuan, Fang Yuan flew with rapid speed, but the direction was the opposite, he went further and further away from Infallible blessed land.


 “It is time.” Fang Yuan suddenly waved his sleeves as countless yama children flew out.


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 Fang Yuan who was in emperor yama form quickly transformed into a yama child as he mixed in with the crowd.


 “Fang Yuan, where do you think you’re going!” Li Huang shouted, he was covered in a blazing cloak, burning with intense flames.


 “You were hit by the investigative killer move, how can you escape through this method?” Qing Ye snickered in his white robe.


 The two Immortal Gu Houses were quite lost, but these two Heavenly Court rank eights targeted Fang Yuan’s main body instead.


 Evidently, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court had already started to make countermeasures against Fang Yuan’s familiar face.


 “So troublesome.” Without a choice, Fang Yuan ascended to heaven, entering white heaven.


 Rank nine immortal killer move — Heaven Form!


 Using this move, Fang Yuan quickly found a bunch of black-white overturning clouds.


 “Oh no, stop him.”


 “Destroy these overturning clouds!”


 Li Huang and Qing Ye had rich battle experiences, they could tell that Fang Yuan was trying to use the clouds to escape.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Why don’t you try and deduce my main body again?”


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Ghost Sword Dragon!


 This was a fusion move that comprised ancient sword dragon transformation, myriad self, yama child, emperor yama, and familiar face, it was also one of Fang Yuan’s greatest achievements in his killer move modification a while back.


 Once the killer move was used, a loud explosion occurred as countless black dragon-shaped soul beasts flew out, these soul beasts had silver-white claws, teeth, horns, and scales, they were emitting an eerie sword qi at all times.


 Countless ghost dragons flew in the sky, some attacked the pursuers while the rest continued to fly aimlessly in a chaotic manner.


 “Such an amazing method!” After a brief fight, Li Huang and Qing Ye’s expressions changed.


 This killer move was threatening to them, especially when the ghost dragons self-detonate, they had incredible might, there was the explosive force of the soul beast, and also the rampaging sword qi that gave it extraordinary power.


 Li Huang wore his verdant sun flame cloak but it could not hold up, after tens of self-detonations, the cloak was flickering, the flames had weakened tremendously.


 1Qing Ye was in an even more pitiful state, he tried to defend himself as he thought to himself in great shock: “How can this move be so powerful?”


 This was only natural.


 Myriad ghost sword dragon had the same weakness and price as Wu Yong’s unlimited wind. It expended the dao marks of the Gu Immortal permanently.


 However, unlimited wind used ten thousand dao marks each time, while Fang Yuan’s myriad ghost sword dragon used four thousand soul path dao marks per use.


 COMMENT


 Li Huang and Qing Ye were busy defending themselves while Fang Yuan used the opportunity to escape into the black-white overturning clouds.


 After going from white heaven to black cloud, Fang Yuan immediately destroyed the cloud as he used Fixed Immortal Travel as the core to activate a killer move.


 After a few breaths of time, he vanished on the spot, arriving in Infallible blessed land.


 “To think that Infallible blessed land was here!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Since Bing Sai Chuan called him, he naturally gave him the location of Infallible blessed land.


 COMMENT


 This place was not like the stone lotus island or dragon whale grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan could enter using his killer move.


 “Who?” Fang Yuan’s appearance triggered the alertness of the Southern Border and Northern Plains army.


 COMMENT


 “Me!” Fang Yuan snorted coldly.


 1The Gu Immortal asking him was full of cold sweat, he felt a strong pressure. Even before Fang Yuan answered, he had already realized this, he regretted his action of asking in reflex almost immediately.


 After all, Fang Yuan was the fiercest demon currently renowned in the five regions!


 Fang Yuan quickly observed the battlefield, the giant tornado that supported heaven and earth, unlimited wind, was the thing that attracted his attention the most. Next, he looked at Prince Feng Xian for a second before turning to Ba Shi Ba and the other defending Gu Immortals.


 1“You are here.” Chu Du was moderately injured, he flew towards Fang Yuan and greeted.


 Prince Feng Xian and Ba Shi Ba looked at Fang Yuan with a complex expression.


 Li Huang and the rest had chased Fang Yuan too relentlessly, he only managed to find a chance to teleport here after so long.


 Right now, Wu Yong and Yao Huang had not only broken the jade spike exquisite formation, they had also gone past the next two formations, they were stuck at the fourth now.


 Chu Du displayed incredible worth during the second formation, but he was injured as a result, because Fang Yuan was coming, he stayed outside to wait for him.


 COMMENT


 With Bing Sai Chuan’s arrangements, Northern Plains’ side knew that Fang Yuan was coming, that also meant that the Southern Border immortals knew as well.


 Fang Yuan created huge chaos in Northern Plains and Southern Border, the righteous path forces of both regions had suffered losses due to him. Northern Plains’ Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was destroyed by Fang Yuan, while many of Southern Border’ righteous path super forces were extorted by him.


 But now, they were all cooperating against a common enemy, Heavenly Court.


 “No matter how strong the formation is, how can it obstruct my path!”


 “Time is pressing, I won’t explain further, open a path for me, I am going to detonate the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!”


 Fang Yuan nodded towards Chu Du as he attacked the formation, not wasting any time.


 Chu Du and the rest were overjoyed, they waited for Fang Yuan and were willing to cooperate with him because of this.


 Fang Yuan had dream path methods, as long as he detonated the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and spread the dream realm, this formation would break without fail!


 Fang Yuan’s arrival was soon found out by Yao Huang and the rest.


 Yao Huang took a glance at Wu Yong and the rest, asking purposely: “Oh, Fang Yuan is here already?”


 Wu Yong’s expression froze slightly, before he turned to Yao Huang: “Let Fang Yuan undergo the alliance agreement first, then tell him that I am willing to forgo our feuds and cooperate temporarily!



***
Chapter 1729 - Nine-nine Consecutive Unceasing Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Because of Yao Huang’s notice, Wu Yong was mentally prepared that Fang Yuan was coming.


 He was an ambitious person, even though he had deep enmity with Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court was the common foe now. Dealing with Heavenly Court and preventing fate Gu from being fully repaired would give Wu Yong the greatest benefits, for this sake, he could put down his feuds and cooperate with Fang Yuan now.


 “Friend Wu Yong is truly wise and clear headed.” Yao Huang praised.


 1Immediately after, Chi Qu You and the rest also resounded: “Not just Alliance Leader Wu Yong, the super forces of Southern Border are also willing to resist Heavenly Court with Fang Yuan ignoring our past feuds.”


 Fang Yuan had killed many Southern Border Gu Immortal captives for his own gains, but they were also making the same decision now for the sake of the big picture.


 They were being logical, but the bigger reason was that this situation was truly dangerous, and Heavenly Court was very powerful!


 Bing Sai Chuan not only told Yao Huang and Fang Yuan about Heavenly Court’s current situation, the information was also given to Wu Yong and the rest. This made the Southern Alliance immortals even clearer about their current situation.


 Heavenly Court and Emperor City were hopeless already, the only chance of victory was here.


 Only by using their time well and destroying the formation rapidly could they prevent the final batch of success dao marks from being sent to Heavenly Court, that would force them to hold the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention once again.


 “Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, go destroy this formation.” At this time, Fang Yuan sent several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies towards the formation.


 In the current era, dream path was still underdeveloped, there were only several seeds, it had not grown yet.


 Against the corrosion of the dream realm, almost all immortal Gu formations, regardless of ranks, could not block it. Unless it was an immortal formation possessing dream path Gu worms, or had relevant dream path methods to block that corrosion.


 But right when the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies got close to the formation, a change occurred.


 Immortal killer move — Shatter Dream!


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


 With the use of two killer moves, Fang Yuan’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies shattered at the first moment, they started to spread towards the surroundings.


 Next, these shattered dream realms gathered into new Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as they attacked Fang Yuan instead.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he was secretly shocked.


 He did not expect that Heavenly Court would obtain such methods already.


 Even though he knew it was a matter of time, he did not think it would be so fast.


 But soon, his dejected feelings vanished, he regained his calm and icy temperament.


 Thoughts appeared and clashed in his mind, he rapidly tried to think of a solution to this.


 “They can actually reverse my control over the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and the transformation? Is it because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was captured and his memories were obtained by them?” Fang Yuan was approached by several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as he quickly retreated.


 He had many powerful killer moves but against the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, they were quite lackluster.


 This move was quite invincible in this world, back then, Heaven Overseeing Tower and even Duke Long and Purple Mountain True Monarch were forced to avoid the dream realm.


 But thankfully, Fang Yuan was not helpless.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, the time path clone was bathed in the light of wisdom, it continued to make deductions for him.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not have shatter dream killer move to deal with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, he was very familiar with the killer move pure dream reality seeker transformation.


 Even Heavenly Court could not truly comprehend pure dream reality seeker transformation in just a few years. The likely reason was that they had obtained Spectral Soul’s memories.


 Precisely so, Fang Yuan could use his original pure dream reality seeker killer move to retaliate and use the light of wisdom to create a counter killer move instead.


 “The time path clone’s deductions will take some time.” Fang Yuan considered his countermeasures as he flew into the sky.


 Several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies chased him relentlessly, while a few went towards unlimited wind and the other Gu Immortals.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies self-detonated as unlimited wind was greatly affected, its power was falling rapidly.


 Prince Feng Xian and the rest had no choice but to dodge.


 Fang Yuan contacted Wu Yong but his first sentence made Wu Yong shook: “Northern Plains’ Prince Feng Xian is a spy of Heavenly Court!”


 Wu Yong attacked the formation as he asked: “Evidence?”


 “My words themselves are evidence. In this situation, I have no reason to lie!” Fang Yuan immediately answered: “I do not have enough dream realms now, I need to gather more dream realms from Southern Border and create Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to fight. Quickly inform the Gu Immortals there to support me.”


 Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court were opposing enemies, his accusation towards Prince Feng Xian had no evidence, but it was like he said, his words were clear evidence.


 After all, the world knew about his Spring Autumn Cicada.


 This secret had once caused Fang Yuan great problems when it was exposed, but now, it gained Wu Yong’s trust.


 At the crucial moment, Wu Yong did not hesitate, since he was working with Fang Yuan already, they might as well enter a deeper cooperation, Heavenly Court was the true enemy now!


 “Alright, I will tell the others, you can go now.” At this moment, Wu Yong felt a complex emotion. He had never thought that one day, he would purposely give the orders to receive Fang Yuan’s arrival!


 At this moment, Chi Qu You’s voice resounded in Wu Yong’s ears: “I have already deciphered this formation, quickly attack this place, it is the true formation core!”


 Wu Yong was overjoyed, he forgot about Fang Yuan for a moment as he gave orders to attack the location that Chi Qu You pointed out, after destroying the formation core, this formation became much slower and duller.


 Black Extremity Sun Ming Lu looked at them with great admiration and surprise.


 After entering the formation, Chi Qu You had always outperformed him and comprehended the profundities of the formations using a shorter time, he had no choice but to feel admiration.


 “We should follow Lord Chi Qu You’s arrangements, let’s assist these Southern Border allies.” Black Extremity put down his competitive spirit as he suggested towards Yao Huang who was beside him.


 Yao Huang frowned but agreed.


 Fang Yuan easily got rid of his pursuers, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were inferior to Li Huang and Qing Ye.


 Using Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move, Fang Yuan went back to Southern Border and obtained a large number of dream realms, with them, he created more Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and went for Heavenly Court’s formation.


 In this situation, dealing with the enemy’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies was secondary, the main goal was to destroy the formation and stop Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu.


 Fang Yuan had never forgotten his true motive.


 However, all the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies who got close to the formation shattered and were turned into enemies as they attacked Fang Yuan once again.


 Furthermore, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies could communicate, Fang Yuan’s side was suffering more losses than gains.


 These situations started to make Fang Yuan realize: “It seems that Heavenly Court has already modified the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!”


 At this time, Wu Yong transmitted: “Fang Yuan, continue to send more Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies at the formation, we have already found many flaws of the formation.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind: “It seems that Heavenly Court did not truly merge dream path methods with this formation. Each time they deal with my Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, they are also disrupting with the formation’s operations itself, causing flaws to form.”


 These flaws were simply too obvious to Chi Qu You and Black Extremity. Using these chances, Wu Yong and the rest attacked with great results.


 But this way, Fang Yuan’s dream realms would continuously be turned into Heavenly Court’s resources, they will gain an increasing number of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 “It seems that I really need to unravel their Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank slightly, this was a problem that he could not avoid resolving.


 It was not that he did not want to enter the formation to help out, but there were already Chi Qu You, Wu Yong, and others, with his monopoly over dream path methods, he was much needed outside.


 Fang Yuan started to fight against these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 At the same time, he transmitted to the rest: “There is an important thing now, Heavenly Court’s human path killer move, can anyone get rid of these white lights?”


 Nobody answered.


 In the end, Yi Hao Fang answered dejectedly: “Human path’s specialty is in support, because human path dao marks will not interrupt other paths’ dao marks or conflict with them. Unless we use human path methods that are at least rank eight, we cannot resolve this.”


 2Yi Hao Fang cultivated transformation path but he was also very skilled at supporting others. This was because of his signature killer move — Human Transformation. With his words, Fang Yuan gave up on this aspect.


 They could not unravel heroes among people, while Prince Feng Xian was also a huge threat.


 Fang Yuan, Wu Yong, and the rest did not want to expose him for now. Killing a rank eight was too difficult.


 They might as well pretend to not know and focus on breaking the formation instead, preventing Heavenly Court from succeeding was more important.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan finally gained some breakthrough in his deductions.


 He took a risk and captured an enemy Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body successfully, experimenting on it.


 “This is actually a complete Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body! It has been modified entirely, it is now truly the eleventh extreme physique.” Fang Yuan sighed at his great gains.


 He quickly modified pure dream reality seeker transformation as he started to learn Heavenly Court’s method.


 As his Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies became modified again, they accompanied Wu Yong and Yao Huang, destroying many formations in succession.


 “There are still more?” Yao Huang frowned deeply.


 One formation after another formation, it was as if Heavenly Court had an unlimited number of formations.


 This scene made Wu Yong and the rest feel a little dejected.


 “Strange, how can Heavenly Court possibly set up so many immortal formations? Unless...” Black Extremity hesitated.


 Chi Qu You pondered as he said: “I understand, this is the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation!”


 “Nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, this name is quite familiar...” Wu Yong had a bad feeling.


 Chi Qu You sighed: “Legend says that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable predicted Heavenly Court’s problem in the future and set up the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation. When Limitless Demon Venerable attacked Heavenly Court, he entered this formation and only broke out after destroying a hundred formations.”


 “This formation is actually a giant compound formation, it can mix and match using its nine sub-formations, the true problem is that when we destroy a formation, Heavenly Court would be able to set up a new one at the core area, as long as our breaking speed is not as fast as their setting up speed, this will be endless.”


 Chi Qu You’s words were like a cold bucket of water poured onto these immortals.


 What should they do now?



***
Chapter 1730 - Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Yong, Yao Huang and the rest were a little lost.


 The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to deal with Limitless Demon Venerable. According to legends, Limitless Demon Venerable had to break a hundred formations before he escaped.


 How could they possibly do the same?


 And the most unsettling thing was, they needed to fight against time, once fate Gu recovers completely, there would be zero chance of victory.


 “What do we do?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu frowned.


 “This is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, no wonder! No wonder!” Black Extremity realized at once.


 Chi Qu You was very troubled: “Even if we gather all the formation path Gu Immortals in the world to deduce this formation, I’m afraid the chances of victory are slim. Moreover, we have less and less time now...”


 This formation path great expert who had displayed great value in this battle as one of the Southern Alliance’s leaders had the intention of backing down.


 Wu Yong suddenly laughed loudly.


 “Alliance Leader, why are you laughing? Do you have any way to break this formation?” Chi Qu You asked in perplexity.


 Wu Yong shook his head: “Even though I have no method to do so, I have already seen through Heavenly Court’s facade. Don’t worry too much, in my opinion, we are overestimating this difficulty.”


 “Why? Think about it.”


 “Back then, the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. It was used by countless Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to resist Limitless Demon Venerable. But it was unable to succeed, Limitless Demon Venerable broke out in the end. Since it was broken before, this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation had already been damaged once in a brutal manner.”


 “Even if Heavenly Court had immense foundations and repaired all of the Immortal Gu, in the worst case scenario, we are facing the complete and even modified nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation. But the defending Gu Immortals are not all Heavenly Court members. In fact, there might be few Heavenly Court members here. Li Huang and Qing Ye are at Emperor City, Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, Yuan Qiong Du, Che Wei, and Cong Yan are fighting in Heavenly Court. Central Continent is being attacked by all four regions now, they were forced to set this formation here, it shows that they are low in manpower, their members are too sparsely distributed, they can only go on the defensive now.”


 Wu Yong’s eyes were shining with bright light, he displayed overwhelming confidence and great wisdom in his grasp over the situation.


 He continued: “And most importantly, they’ve already shown how weak they are! Earlier, Chen Yi and Bai Cang Shui came to fight us, Chen Yi was nearly beaten to death. Everyone, if this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is truly impenetrable, why would Chen Yi and Bai Cang Shui risk their lives? They must be stalling time for more formations to be set up.”


 “Earlier, our attack caused them to take this huge risk. Right now, we have the help of our Northern Plains friends, this is a great opportunity. Even though this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is powerful, it still depends on who is controlling it, and who is attacking!”


 “That’s right, that’s very logical!”


 “Haha, indeed, the urgent matter now is to attack quickly. Heavenly Court’s defenses are not as strong as they seem.”


 “I am ashamed, I was actually fear-stricken due to the reputation of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”


 Wu Yong’s words raised everyone’s morale, their offenses became stronger, they were more determined now.


 Wu Yong smiled but he mentally sighed.


 Everyone here was an elite, but they were actually intimidated by this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, it was not because they were stupid, but because they were facing huge pressure.


 Bing Sai Chuan notified many people of the situation, they worked together and attacked this formation, desperately holding onto this final hope, but this action had a weakness, it made everyone aware of the urgency of this situation.


 If they were careless, they would incur huge losses as Heavenly Court retaliates.


 This was Central Continent after all.


 They did not have Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move, even if they did, Heavenly Court had methods to counter them.


 Thus, it was difficult for the immortals to retreat.


 To play safe, now was the time to retreat. The longer they dragged it, the harder it would be to leave Central Continent.


 “Eastern Sea’s and Western Desert’s Gu Immortals are probably already retreating. These two regions are in disunity, they are not like our Southern Border and Northern Plains which can gather the strength of many righteous path forces.”


 “Now, it will depend on us, whether we can rapidly break the formation and intercept the final batch of success dao marks.”


 “Sigh! We were still banking on Fang Yuan’s dream path methods earlier to deal with this formation. To think that Heavenly Court also had methods to control the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. Was it because they captured Spectral Soul?”


 “I wonder who the person inside this formation that stopped Fang Yuan is?”


 Wu Yong continued to guess and evaluate the situation.


 Inside the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, Feng Jiu Ge had a pale expression but he smiled warmly.


 “Huang Er, good job!” He looked at Feng Jin Huang as he smiled, feeling extremely proud.


 The one who stopped Fang Yuan was none other than Feng Jiu Ge’s daughter — Feng Jin Huang!


 Feng Jin Huang pursed her lips as she said: “Father, I do not dare to claim credit, I could use the Immortal Gu and activate an immortal killer move because of this formation’s help.”


 “Even so, resisting Fang Yuan is an incredible feat, Feng Jin Huang, you have already done an amazing job for Heavenly Court.” Bai Cang Shui smiled.


 Chen Yi nodded as he looked at Feng Jiu Ge and Feng Jin Huang: “She truly takes after her father.”


 Feng Jiu Ge saved his life while Feng Jin Huang was shockingly talented, this made Chen Yi feel a sense of gratitude and admiration towards this pair of father and daughter.


 Heavenly Court.


 A round of ferocious attacks had ended.


 Duke Long’s rapidly breathing slowed down.


 He looked at the Seven Extreme Desolation, which was covered in injuries but remained standing, as he snorted coldly.


 “I did not destroy it after all. Is it because of my injuries...”


 Normally speaking, Duke Long with the support of heavenly dragon’s last stand had incredible power, he could definitely defeat the Seven Extreme Desolation. Even if this ancient battle formation was in its strongest form in history.


 But Duke Long was restrained by his injuries.


 These were mostly old injuries that were sustained earlier when Duke Long snatched Dragon Palace, he was hurt by the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 “Without these injuries, I would have destroyed the Seven Extreme Desolation already. My estimations were slightly off, but as time passes, it will not obstruct me anymore!”


 Duke Long snorted coldly in his mind.


 Earlier, he ignored his own injuries to fight, but now, he had to face the Seven Extreme Desolation.


 The contest between experts usually depended on minor details like this.


 Even though Duke Long could suppress the Seven Extreme Desolation, he was initially stuck at a passive spot, but even now, he could not gather enough strength to destroy it.


 After an intense eruption of attacks, Duke Long’s offenses became weaker, he started to move around.


 Bing Sai Chuan and the rest found some relief, Duke Long was giving them too much pressure.


 Fairy Zi Wei and the rest had complex expressions. More and more Heavenly Court members learned that Duke Long’s time was almost up. This was the final battle of his life! He was like a firework, he could only shine right before he fades away for good, after this battle, Heavenly Court would lose this legendary great expert!


 Suddenly, Fairy Zi Wei received Duke Long’s transmission.


 “Fairy Zi Wei, how is the situation?”


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly answered.


 “Emperor City was destroyed, countless mortals died... Li Huang and Qing Ye are rushing to Infallible blessed land... over at Hidden Dragon Cave, the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals are fighting intensely as well...”


 Duke Long muttered to himself for a while before he said to Fairy Zi Wei: “Very good, I was not wrong about you. Thanks to your arrangements and planning, we managed to secure all three locations. Emperor City was destroyed by a natural disaster, it was not your fault.”


 Duke Long did not stint on his praise towards Fairy Zi Wei. He knew that although he was putting up an incredible fight now, it was thanks to Fairy Zi Wei who kept control of the situation from the background.


 Fairy Zi Wei felt even more admiration towards Duke Long, she said sincerely: “This was all thanks to Lord Duke Long, you obtained Dragon Palace. Who would think that Dragon Palace actually contains the rank eight dream path Immortal Gu — Dream Token, it allows Dream Token to enslave rank eight Gu Immortals! With Zhang Yin and the rest, our weakness in manpower was eliminated. Lord Duke Long even sustained huge injuries to conceal the identities of Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, and the rest. This allowed our plan in Eastern Sea to succeed, otherwise, if these Eastern Sea rank eights joined any of the three battlefields, we would be in trouble.”


 Duke Long: “That’s right, I was also surprised by the existence of Dream Token.”


 He thought back to the battle in Eastern Sea.


 Zhang Yin and the rest appeared together, it was a surprise to Duke Long. They were either lone immortals or demonic cultivators, they were lofty and proud rank eight existences, to think that they would be working together despite having no relationship in usual times.


 Duke Long became more suspicious at the later parts of the battle.


 Zhang Yin and the other immortals trusted each other deeply during the fight!


 And what truly made Duke Long confident of his guess was that after Duke Long defeated the four Gu Immortals, Dragon Palace flew away. The four returned and did not chase after Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace, instead, they continued to attack Duke Long.


 If they all had their own intentions and wanted Dragon Palace, how could they stay to deal with Duke Long in such a manner?


 Normally speaking, with Duke Long’s battle strength, these four would chase after Dragon Palace. After all, Dragon Palace had flown away with great commotion, there were possibly other Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals too. By fighting Duke Long, it seemed like they were helping Dragon Palace stall for time. (Refer to Chapter 1689)


 Duke Long had sensed acutely that these four Gu Immortals were related to Dragon Palace. After he obtained Dragon Palace and refined it, his guesses were confirmed.


 COMMENT


 Because he was prepared for it, he did not let Zhang Yin and the rest get exposed. If they were exposed then, the other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals might not die anyway, the main matter for Heavenly Court now was to repair fate Gu.


 Thinking about it, Duke Long instructed Fairy Zi Wei: “Pay more attention to Hidden Dragon Cave, we cannot be careless. The five regional walls are vanishing, the regions are becoming one, by then, there will be chaos and huge battles, Di Zang Sheng’s battle strength will reach a terrifying level, he will be on par with me.”


 Towards Di Zang Sheng, Duke Long had a clearer understanding than Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei immediately understood Duke Long’s intent.


 The situation was turning more stable now, Infallible blessed land, Heavenly Court, and Hidden Dragon Cave were under Heavenly Court’s control.


 Li Huang, Qing Ye, and the Immortal Gu Houses were about to reach Infallible blessed land.


 The only possible problem was Hidden Dragon Cave.


 Duke Long was not afraid of Dragon Palace changing owners, he placed Dragon Palace there as a trap to begin with. The design of Dragon Palace was such that only dragonmen could control it. It was impossible to work around this limitation, unless they took apart Dragon Palace. Even most transformation path methods were not effective.


 Duke Long was afraid that Dragon Palace would destabilize and release Di Zang Sheng.


 Di Zang Sheng hated Heavenly Court and Duke Long immensely. With a boost in strength, it would definitely take revenge.


 Duke Long was going to die soon but Di Zang Sheng was virtually undying.


 If Fang Yuan and the rest made use of this battle strength, there would be huge problems!



***
Chapter 1731 - Five Regional Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 The tornado resembling a heavenly pillar whipped up a storm as it crashed towards Heavenly Court’s formation.


 Prince Feng Xian and Ba Shi Ba, who were outside, stared at the horizon.


 There, two specks of light tore through the sky, the figures of two rank eight Gu Immortals were shown gradually.


 They were Li Huang and Qing Ye.


 “We finally arrived!”


 “Not bad, we were not late.”


 Li Huang and Qing Ye had finally arrived.


 “Where is that scoundrel Fang Yuan?” Li Huang’s eyes shined with orange-red light, he tried to investigate.


 He was filled with grudge towards Fang Yuan.


 Earlier when Fang Yuan retreated, he purposely chose the opposite direction of Infallible blessed land, he made Li Huang and the others go very far away.


 After that, Fang Yuan found a chance to use Fixed Immortal Travel and arrived at Infallible blessed land, Li Huang and the rest were left in the dust.


 Central Continent’s Heavenly Court did not have Beacon Towers, Li Huang and Qing Ye had to rush to Infallible blessed land through a very long distance.


 “They should be inside the formation.” Qing Ye responded, his gaze swept past the formation and landed on the unlimited wind.


 “This killer move is very strong! It is very threatening to our formation, we should get rid of it.”


 “This Wu Yong has such a killer move and farewell friend wind, if possible, we should try to kill him! If he returns to Southern Border, he will be a huge problem for Heavenly Court in the future!”


 Li Huang and Qing Ye discussed before they changed directions, moving towards the unlimited wind killer move.


 Prince Feng Xian and Ba Shi Ba had sensed them already, they also rushed there.


 “Go.” Prince Feng Xian shouted as he waved his sleeves, hundreds of fireballs blew out.


 “You’re using fire to attack me? Laughable.” Li Huang snorted and did not dodge, verdant sun flame cloak was blazing on his back.


 Prince Feng Xian’s fireballs landed on Li Huang but did not cause any damage, it even increased the power of verdant sun flame cloak.


 Prince Feng Xian’s expression did not change, he pointed at Li Huang.


 Whoosh.


 The flames on Li Huang turned purple instantly. The purple flames infiltrated the orange-red verdant sun flame cloak as it tried to disintegrate the defensive killer move.


 Li Huang’s expression changed.


 Prince Feng Xian wanted to keep him busy, he charged towards Li Huang.


 The two fought in the sky, causing blazing flames to emerge and scorch the earth, the temperature of the battlefield was rising.


 Ba Shi Ba watched Prince Feng Xian’s battle as he thought: “Hmph, this Prince Feng Xian is still acting, he is really well concealed.”


 Fang Yuan’s side left Prince Feng Xian and Ba Shi Ba outside to guard the formation.


 Ba Shi Ba had already been informed of Prince Feng Xian’s identity through Wu Yong, but he pretended to not know.


 It was like how Wu Yong and Fang Yuan predicted, unless it was necessary, Prince Feng Xian did not want to expose his identity. The truth was, Heavenly Court would rather make some sacrifices than to expose Prince Feng Xian. During the five regions chaotic war, he would have more value.


 Prince Feng Xian and Li Huang were fire path rank eights, the two fought in the sky before fighting on the ground, they dyed the sky red, they made rivers dry up, the ground cracked from their attacks, clouds vaporized, countless lifeforms fled for their lives.


 Ba Shi Ba and Qing Ye cultivated rule path and dark path respectively. Even though their fight did not cause as much of a commotion as Li Huang and Prince Feng Xian, it was much more ruthless.


 Li Huang knew about Prince Feng Xian’s true identity, they were just acting even though the commotion was huge.


 But Ba Shi Ba and Qing Ye were true enemies.


 Ba Shi Ba shrieked in a strange tone as many profound lights stabbed or slashed towards Qing Ye like blades or swords.


 Three consecutive hits!


 Four consecutive hits!


 Five consecutive hits!


 ...


 Each profound light had moderate power, but when they landed on Qing Ye, the damage accumulated rapidly.


 This was the consecutive attack method that Ba Shi Ba trained in his life.


 This kind of rule path supplementary killer move could allow a certain killer move to gain a huge boost in power.


 The condition was that Ba Shi Ba had to use that killer move and could not change to other methods.


 Qing Ye was forced to retreat gradually, sweat appeared on his forehead: “I cannot let him continue, once he reaches eighteen consecutive hits, my defenses will fail.”


 Qing Ye’s activated an immortal killer move, his figure vanished and turned into darkness.


 In the sky, it was like a blob of ink had landed in water and expanded endlessly.


 Ba Shi Ba saw this and hesitated: “This is likely Qing Ye’s signature killer move — Expanding Night Sky.”


 Both sides had information about each other, Ba Shi Ba and Qing Ye had a certain level of understanding of each other.


 Expanding night sky was an immortal battlefield killer move, it was quite special. Normal immortal battlefields were formed after some preparation. Meanwhile, expanding night sky would continue to increase in size and range, this move had no limit in theory.


 As long as Qing Ye had enough time, he could even spread this immortal battlefield killer move to cover the whole of white heaven!


 Ba Shi Ba flew backwards.


 He thought about it and decided to avoid the enemy.


 Expanding night sky was an immortal battlefield, if Ba Shi Ba went in, his rule path would be weakened by the dark path environment.


 Of course, the bigger reason was Prince Feng Xian.


 Ba Shi Ba knew that Prince Feng Xian was a traitor, if he went into the immortal battlefield, he would not be able to see anything outside. Qing Ye might even let Prince Feng Xian and Li Huang into the battlefield to deal with Ba Shi Ba.


 By then, Ba Shi Ba would have to fight three enemies, it would be dangerous.


 The battle of two pairs of rank eights went into a short deadlock.


 A moment later, many Immortal Gu Houses appeared on the horizon.


 Among them were Frost Dragon Manor and Wind Sweeping Building.


 These Immortal Gu Houses were originally protecting Emperor City, now that Emperor City was history, the Immortal Gu Houses carried all their Gu Immortals and arrived here as reinforcements.


 Frost Dragon Manor was at the front, it started to shine in a light blue aura.


 The light formed into a dragon shape, it was a hornless dragon!


 The light blue hornless dragon opened its mouth as countless hailstones shot towards Ba Shi Ba.


 Ba Shi Ba’s speed fell drastically, he snorted coldly, avoiding Qing Ye as he used his killer move on Frost Dragon Manor.


 Boom boom boom!


 Frost Dragon Manor continued to take a beating, its walls were cracking, tiles were sent flying.


 As it resisted, the second light blue hornless dragon formed, it coiled around the first one before coiling around the entire Frost Dragon Manor.


 Frost Dragon Manor’s defense surged as a result, while the light blue hornless dragon opened its mouth and shot out a tattered mysterious light.


 “This Immortal Gu House has the power to expel my killer move’s damage!” Ba Shi Ba’s expression sank a little, he could not destroy this Immortal Gu House in a short time, if they continued, expanding night sky would trap him, he had to retreat and pull some distance now.


 At this time, Wind Sweeping Building entered the battlefield as well.


 It did not assist Qing Ye or Li Huang, instead, it directly entered the unlimited wind killer move reaching towards the sky.


 “Good wind, good wind, give me some time, I will be able to make this wind my own!” The current generation Wind Sweeping Building Lord laughed loudly.


 Due to Wind Sweeping Building’s interference, unlimited wind started to weaken again.


 More and more Immortal Gu Houses joined the battlefield, Fang Yuan’s side was getting more perilous.


 “Hold on, we’re coming!”


 At the crucial moment, a crack formed in the Heavenly Court formation, many Immortal Gu Houses flew out, there were Southern Border’s Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Great Space Temple, Bay Pavilion, Unfixed Manor, as well as Northern Plains’ Fingerprint Bridge, Demonic Ape Hall, and Minor Sun Building.


 With these seven Immortal Gu Houses helping, Ba Shi Ba’s pressure fell greatly.


 Both sides entered a chaotic battle, Immortal Gu Houses rampaged and exchanged killer moves, intense fireworks that had dazzling colors were created, at once, the battle was stuck in a deadlock yet again.


 Within the formation.


 Wu Yong and the rest had dark expressions.


 Even though they opened a crack in time and sent out the Immortal Gu Houses, stabilizing the situation outside, they had also expended their trump card in advance.


 The situation was getting more disadvantageous.


 Prince Feng Xian was a problem, Heavenly Court’s battlefield was also hopeless, it all depended on whether Fang Yuan and the rest could destroy the formation now.


 “At our speed, the chance of victory is becoming increasingly slim.” Fang Yuan sighed as he asked: “Is Tao Zhu’s five regional true inheritance able to deal with this formation?”


 Back then, he had set a trap in the five regional mountain range to target the Southern Border and Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. During the battle, Wu Yong destroyed the entire five regional mountain range and accidentally awakened Tao Zhu’s will, he had a chance to inherit the five regional true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had to retreat at that time, so the five regional true inheritance ended up in the hands of the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, the five regional true inheritance could mimic the five region’s regional walls. Within the regional walls, Gu Immortals would be suppressed, they would face a backlash whenever they used any immortal killer move.


 Be it Immortal Gu House or immortal formation, they were immortal killer moves in essence.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, if they could use the methods in the five regional true inheritance against Heavenly Court’s formation, it might have some effect.


 Wu Yong and Chi Qu You looked at each other, Wu Yong said: “I obtained the five regional true inheritance, there is indeed a method to create the five regional walls in the true inheritance, but...”


 Chi Qu You added: “But this method uses the earth veins to set up the formation, it is very troublesome and complicated.”


 Tao Zhu was able to create the five regional mountain range back then because he used the earth vein and a formation.


 After Fang Yuan left the battlefield, Wu Yong obtained the five regional true inheritance, but he found that the essence of it was the five regional formation.


 Wu clan was not proficient in formation path, Wu Yong thus worked together with Chi Qu You, as the latter also learned about the profundity of the five regional formation.


 COMMENT


 “Do we really need the earth vein to set up the five regional formation?” Fang Yuan frowned deeply: “Wait, I heard that not long ago, Hou clan’s Gu Immortal obtained a wild earth vein Immortal Gu from the Earth Trench? Can we use that Gu in place of the earth vein?”


 The immortals heard this as they shook.


 Wu Yong and Chi Qu You looked at each other, sighing at Fang Yuan’s quick thinking.


 Chi Qu You shook his head: “The truth is, I have already obtained earth vein Immortal Gu through a transaction with Hou clan. But to use this earth vein Immortal Gu in place of the actual earth vein, we will need to modify the five regional formation. I have been trying and have made some progress, but I am still far from success.”


 Often, Gu Immortals took years to modify one immortal killer move.


 Even though Chi Qu You had high formation path attainment level, his wisdom path methods were lacking, he could not make rapid progress.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered with bright light: “This five regional formation is likely our breakthrough chance! Chi Qu You, even though you cannot do it alone, with me and Black Extremity, there is a chance, let’s try.”



***
Chapter 1732 - Calamity Luck Altar’s Counterattack


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 “What are they trying to do?” Chen Yi and the rest discovered the irregular behavior of Fang Yuan’s group.


 Feng Jiu Ge was still pale, he sized up the situation and frowned: “They are actually setting up a formation!”


 “Formation within a formation?” Bai Cang Shui snorted: “They are simply underestimating us.”


 Arranging a formation within a formation was very difficult, and this difficulty was further raised when trying to arrange the formation within an enemy’s formation.


 1Different from Immortal Gu Houses, immortal formations had requirements towards their surrounding environment. The surrounding natural dao marks would have a great influence on most immortal formations.


 Heavenly Court’s side naturally would not let Fang Yuan’s group do as they wished. They immediately activated the formation, waves after waves of attacks charged towards the newly created formation base.


 “You wish!”


 “With us here, you can set up the formation with peace of mind.”


 Wu Yong, Yao Huang and others guarded the four directions around the formation base, blocking Heavenly Court’s offenses.


 Within the formation base, Chi Qu You, Black Extremity, and Fang Yuan were setting up a formation with urgency.


 “Three hundred and sixty fire crow Gu have been placed!” Black Extremity wiped the sweat on his forehead.


 “We are still lacking forty-four rank five sole blade Gu, when are they coming?” Chi Qu You spoke while contacting other Gu Immortals, treasure yellow heaven had become their most effective form of goods transportation.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook slightly, the Immortal Gu in his hand scattered down like rain that caused splattering noises.


 Several breaths later, he let out a breath of air and stopped his movement: “Rank six instant chain Immortal Gu has been placed properly.”


 Chi Qu You and Black Extremity took a quick glance at him while thinking: “Unbelievable! Fang Yuan’s wisdom path and formation path attainment levels are so high. Not only did he deduce a completely new five regional formation in such a short period of time, he is also setting up the immortal formation with such fluid movement.”


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was at grandmaster which was lower than Chi Qu You’s and Black Extremity’s, but he had plenty of experience in setting up formations.


 Self cleansing formation, Omni-directional Travel ancient battle formation, dragon scale sea’s food path immortal formation, coiling thread Gu formation, immemorial year beast fishing formation, flood discharge formation, self will heaven sealing formation, year essence pool, and so on had been personally set up by him.


 Thus, although it was his first time setting up the five regional formation, he was not overwhelmed but worked with great proficiency.


 “If I had to set up the formation alone, it would take a lot of time. But with Chi Qu You and Black Extremity’s help, we can set up five regional formation quickly. We need to finish this quickly!” Fang Yuan was fully focused and made use of every second.


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 “Li Huang, Qing Ye, and others have already reached Infallible blessed land. Wu Yong’s unlimited wind is suppressed by Wind Sweeping Building. Prince Feng Xian’s identity has not been exposed. But I don’t understand the intention of Fang Yuan’s group in trying to set up a formation within a formation. Additionally, our reinforcements are about to reach Hidden Dragon Cave.” Fairy Zi Wei reported the situation to Duke Long.


 Duke Long responded while fighting: “Although Prince Feng Xian’s identity is not exposed currently, we cannot rule out the case that Fang Yuan knows about it but kept silent. You need to pay attention to this point, let Chen Yi and the rest take note of the situation and be prepared to help out Prince Feng Xian at any time.”


 2Fairy Zi Wei: “Yes.”


 Knowing that the situation was still in their grasp, Duke Long concentrated on Seven Extreme Desolation again.


 “It is time.” Duke Long clenched his claws, feeling the vast force within his body.


 Immortal killer move — Heavenly Dragon’s Last Stand!


 After using this killer move, his lifespan could only decrease and could not be increased. At the same time, it would provide Duke Long with increasing battle strength as time passed!


 In a short period of time, Duke Long’s battle strength had soared once again and reached an astonishing level.


 Roar!


 A dragon roar resounded as purple-gold dragon-shaped qi erupted.


 Boom—!


 Seven Extreme Desolation simply could not react in time, it only saw Duke Long suddenly disappear into thin air, before it flew away like a meteor stuck by boundless force.


 Seven Extreme Desolation was sent flying and crashed into the qi wall violently, countless cracks appeared on the giant’s body.


 “Damn it, his speed increased again!”


 “All our investigative killer moves are blocked by Duke Long, we are simply unable to catch his trace.”


 “We will be caught in a passive state if this goes on.”


 “If this continues any longer, Duke Long’s battle strength will start suppressing us completely.”


 “In that case, let’s use offense as defense, we will be able to hit Duke Long as long as we attack in every direction with our killer moves!”


 The Seven Big Dipper Immortals conversed quickly, the Seven Extreme Desolation giant rose and was about to step into the battlefield again.


 Duke Long suddenly appeared above the giant.


 “Still want to stand up?” Duke Long gave a ferocious smile while slamming his right dragon claw down.


 Boom—!


 The dragon claw was tiny like an ant compared to the giant Seven Extreme Desolation, but it inflicted an enormous injury on the giant.


 As air currents surged, the Seven Extreme Desolation giant’s head was smashed into paste. The headless giant was forced down to the ground, creating a human shaped crater.


 Dust and stones were sent flying as the surroundings shook.


 “Ah...” Duke Long slowly retracted his claw while hovering in the air, letting out a satisfied grunt.


 Renewed strength spread throughout Duke Long’s body again, his muscles expanded once again and bones grew rapidly. His dragon scales became bigger and tougher, his crown-like dragon horns turned increasingly ferocious as spikes extended everywhere.


 Duke Long’s whole body, that had already surpassed normal people’s height, expanded once again. A thatched hut’s ceiling would probably only reach his waist.


 His long purple hair had been soft and elegant, but now each strand was thick and strong and reached until his feet. Purple-gold lightning flickered in between his hair. 

 His dragon tail grew longer, it had been less than ten feet before but now it was tens of feet long.


 “Duke Long, go and die!” A Northern Plains’ rank eight suddenly appeared behind Duke Long. He was determined to succeed as he smashed a killer move which he had prepared for a long time at Duke Long’s back.


 Snap.


 In just an instant, Duke Long’s dragon tail whipped and sent this rank eight Gu Immortal flying.


 Guh.


 The Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal coughed out mouthfuls of blood, his spine was instantly broken and his organs were displaced. The most fatal thing was the backlash from his own immortal killer move which sent him to the verge of death.


 At the next moment, three Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals made their move at the same time, three killer moves struck Duke Long in succession.


 “We hit him!”


 But the joy on these three Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals’ faces froze immediately.


 As dust dissipated, Duke Long could be seen standing upright. Purple-gold dragon scales that flickered with metallic luster covered his whole body.


 There was not even a scar.


 “What?!”


 “We had already calculated it, our three killer moves coordinated with each other and increased each other’s power!”


 “What kind of defense is this!”


 The three Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were shaken before they felt uneasy and retreated immediately.


 “Are you scratching my back?” Duke Long slowly turned around, his expressionless dragon eyes stared at the three retreating Gu Immortals.


 2The three Gu Immortals immediately felt alerts ringing in their mind, an intense sense of danger suffocated them as if a mountain was pressing on them!


 “Duke Long, don’t try to leave, we are your opponent!”


 The Seven Extreme Desolation giant had obtained a brief respite and stood up once again. Their smashed head had already mostly recovered.


 “Hmph, Seven Big Dipper Immortals, you are no longer able to obstruct me.” Duke Long sneered as he gave an indifferent glance to Seven Extreme Desolation before moving his gaze to Calamity Luck Altar.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s call of the ancient killer move was reliant on Calamity Luck Altar. As long as Calamity Luck Altar was bombarded and dealt a certain amount of damage, call of the ancient would be destroyed.


 Without the interference of these past Northern Plains experts, Heavenly Court members would immediately have the advantage in numbers and Longevity Heaven would no longer have strength to retaliate.


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan’s forehead was filled with sweat.


 “Damn it, fate Gu has recovered a little again, the Northern Plains experts from call of the ancient are greatly weakened.”


 “On the contrary, Heavenly Court members are being strengthened by the human path killer move.”


 “Most importantly, Duke Long cannot be stopped, his battle strength has already greatly surpassed the realm of rank eight, even the human path killer move has no amplification effect on him...”


 While Bing Sai Chuan was thinking, Duke Long had once again smashed down on Seven Extreme Desolation.


 After getting rid of the hindrance, Duke Long directly charged towards Calamity Luck Altar.


 “Huff!” Bing Sai Chuan breathed out heavily as a resolute light shone in his eyes: “This is our final attempt!”


 Boom—!


 Calamity Luck Altar suddenly erupted with an extremely intense light that resembled the sun.


 All the Gu Immortals had no choice but to shut their eyes. Even Duke Long had to squint his eyes.


 He was puzzled: “Bing Sai Chuan is activating Calamity Luck Altar’s ability so intensely, is he not afraid of affecting call of the ancient?”


 Call of the ancient was only attached to Calamity Luck Altar, this time path killer move and Calamity Luck Altar conflicted with each other.


 Calamity Luck Altar did not use its powerful abilities so that it could sustain call of the ancient. So it was surprising to see Bing Sai Chuan suddenly activating its ability.


 The intense light of luck path temporarily obstructed everyone.


 Within the light, Calamity Luck Altar was like a beast let out of its cage as it ferociously smashed towards the refinement path formation.


 “Quick, stop him!” Fairy Zi Wei cried out.


 “Hmm?” Duke Long discovered to his surprise that call of the ancient was still working.


 The River of Time phantom image was already imprinted in the battlefield. Although it was dissipating, its speed of dissipation was extremely slow and could clearly last for a long period of time.


 “Red Lotus!” Immediately, Duke Long was surprised and furious.


 1He realized he had fallen into Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s scheme.


 His understanding of call of the ancient came from the other half of its set, the killer move support of the future.


 Back then, in the battle with Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he had attacked Red Lotus many times and disrupted support of the future.


 “Master, you are very perceptive, you actually saw through this move’s flaw.” In his memories, Red Lotus Demon Venerable was bleeding but still had a smile on his face and radiance in his eyes.


 “This defiant disciple, he said it intentionally! There is also this Bing Sai Chuan, he is truly crafty, he could move freely but purposely restrained himself.” Duke Long was furious, this had happened too suddenly and caught him off-guard.


 Calamity Luck Altar had already prepared the move for a long time so it erupted with shocking might.


 The Heavenly Court members were strengthened by heroes among people and were suppressing Northern Plains’ immortals, unknowingly, the tight defense line had become dispersed.


 Looking at Calamity Luck Altar’s charge, several Heavenly Court members activated immortal killer moves without dodging.


 But under the intense light of luck path, most of their killer moves failed miserably and they suffered from powerful backlash.


 Only a few killer moves activated successfully and struck Calamity Luck Altar, but were not even able to move Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar kept on charging straight, heavily injuring several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in its path, it collided with the refinement path formation like a crashing meteor.


 Boom!


 The refinement path formation suffered serious damage and was mostly shattered.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s peak was finally exposed to plain sight.



***
Chapter 1733 - Giant Sun’s Greatness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Plop.


 Yuan Qiong Du, who had been in charge of the restoration work, blacked out and fell to the ground.


 He had already been injured before and with the backlash from the damage to the refinement path formation, he immediately fainted.


 Without him, although success dao marks were still arriving in small portions, fate Gu’s recovery was immediately paused.


 Even Cong Yan was affected.


 This rank eight Gu Immortal had collaborated with Che Wei to defend against Northern Plains’ Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster.


 Cong Yan had already been prepared when Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster attacked the refinement path Gu formation, he bore the damage done to the refinement path formation with his own body.


 Now with Calamity Luck Altar destroying most of the refinement path formation, Cong Yan also had to endure a large portion of the damage.


 Cong Yan was dizzy, his ears kept on buzzing and his seven orifices were bleeding, he had almost collapsed to the ground.


 Fortunately, Che Wei provided timely assistance and protected him.


 “How is your condition?” Che Wei defended against the joint attacks of Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster while asking.


 “I’m still, still not dead...” Cong Yan coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 “Go reinforce them quickly!”


 “Who can reconstruct the refinement path formation?”


 “Yuan Qiong Du had been in charge of restoring fate Gu, others won’t be able to continue the work within a short period, it is better to wake him first!”


 The light of luck path started dissipating, Heavenly Court’s immortals charged towards it like they had gone crazy.


 “We failed to destroy it completely...” Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan’s gaze shined coldly.


 His gaze turned and he immediately gave a firm order: “Bull Demon, Five Elements Grandmaster, return immediately.”


 The light of luck path could not last for long and was dissipating quickly. The Heavenly Court immortals were all charging over, it would definitely be dangerous for Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster if they were to remain outside.


 Previously, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had been afraid of the refinement path Gu formation not being able to support many Gu Immortals and so had not reinforced Cong Yan and Che Wei.


 Bull Demon and Five Elements Grandmaster understood the situation and quickly retreated to Calamity Luck Altar.


 Che Wei was helpless and could only watch.


 Bull Demon entered Calamity Luck Altar with a worried expression: “Flower Lady is still trapped in Heaven Overseeing Tower, the situation there is unknown.”


 Bing Sai Chuan nodded, his expression was resolute: “We shall completely destroy this refinement path formation and then rescue...”


 Boom!


 Bing Sai Chuan had yet to finish speaking when Calamity Luck Altar shook intensely, the three inside the altar could not stand stably and shook along with the altar.


 A gigantic figure had ruthlessly stepped on Calamity Luck Altar.


 Because of this action, most of Calamity Luck Altar sank and got buried in the ground.


 It was Duke Long!


 “With me here, this is as far as you will go.” Duke Long’s expression was solemn, his gaze was cold. The anger from earlier had completely turned into ruthlessness, his killing intent pervaded the air and suffocated others.


 Boom boom boom!


 Duke Long started punching Calamity Luck Altar.


 A torrent of fists rained down on Calamity Luck Altar like a storm.


 Calamity Luck Altar shook endlessly, sinking down into the ground inch by inch. Cracks quickly appeared on Calamity Luck Altar’s surface and started expanding before forming holes.


 Large amount of Gu worms died. Bing Sai Chuan immediately distributed the work, he started preparing a killer move to retaliate, Bull Demon was put in charge of repairing Calamity Luck Altar, and Five Elements Grandmaster, who specialized in formation path, was given the work of deducing the half-destroyed refinement path formation.


 “The speed of destruction is too fast, I have no time to repair Calamity Luck Altar at all!” Several breaths later, Bull Demon shouted.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s head was soaked with sweat as he tried to deduce the formation with all his strength.


 Bing Sai Chuan said through clenched teeth: “Persevere!”


 Duke Long was extremely powerful, the rank eight Calamity Luck Altar, an Immortal Gu House created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally, was already unable to endure Duke Long’s endless punches.


 “Rise—!” Bing Sai Chuan shouted, Calamity Luck Altar once again erupted with piercing light as it flew towards the sky.


 Duke Long who had been punching continuously felt a powerful force coming from Calamity Luck Altar.


 “Go down!!” Duke Long shouted, he raised his fists above his head and smashed down like a giant hammer.


 Immortal killer move — World Shaking Dragon Hammer!


 With a loud bang, Calamity Luck Altar which had just ascended was smashed down like a ball.


 A huge amount of Gu worms died, their carcasses flying everywhere. A large hole was smashed open on the surface of Calamity Luck Altar from which one could see Bing Sai Chuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan could not hide his shock.


 Duke Long’s strength had already surpassed his wildest imagination.


 Even Heavenly Court’s members were dumbfounded.


 “Everyone, charge!” At this moment, the Northern Plains Gu Immortals who were created by call of the ancient rushed to reinforce.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals did not dodge or evade, meeting the Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals head-on.


 Chaotic battle erupted once again.


 And in the rear of this chaotic battle, Duke Long was continuously bombarding Calamity Luck Altar.


 Behind Duke Long was the refinement path formation that was being repaired hurriedly.


 Seven Extreme Desolation fought and killed, finally paving a path of blood as it arrived before Duke Long.


 “Calamity Luck Altar cannot defend against Duke Long on its own.” Bing Sai Chuan had to acknowledge this fact.


 After obtaining the reinforcement of Seven Extreme Desolation, Bing Sai Chuan finally had a chance to catch a breather, with some difficulty, he manipulated Calamity Luck Altar and fought Duke Long together with Seven Extreme Desolation.


 Immortal killer move — Spiraling Dragon Fang!


 Duke Long opened his mouth as his teeth flew out.


 One hundred sharp teeth expanded along with the wind, becoming a group of snow-white dragon fang blades that slashed at Calamity Luck Altar.


 Chink chink chink!


 The dragon fang blades struck Calamity Luck Altar and produced intense sounds like the collision of hundreds of weapons.


 Calamity Luck Altar was like a hut in the storm, unable to even retaliate.


 Duke Long sneered. In just a short moment, teeth grew again in his mouth.


 They flew out once again, turning into snow-white blades that shrouded Calamity Luck Altar and Seven Extreme Desolation.


 Soon, Seven Extreme Desolation became heavily damaged while Calamity Luck Altar was filled with holes.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


 Immortal killer move — Chaotic Dragon Fist!


 Fist shadows flew in all directions and claw marks appeared everywhere. Seven Extreme Desolation’s head was destroyed again and again, while Calamity Luck Altar was in ruins and Bull Demon was simply unable to repair it.


 Immortal killer move — Nine Dragons Protection!


 Nine huge purple-gold dragon shadows coiled around Duke Long.


 It was not that Seven Extreme Desolation and Calamity Luck Altar did not retaliate, but their attacks were all blocked by nine dragons protection.


 The situation was obvious; Duke Long had an extremely huge dominance.


 As time continued to pass, Longevity Heaven’s side would definitely fail.


 “You have the guts to invade my Heavenly Court, you are going to pay for it with your lives!” Duke Long snorted.


 “What are you still resisting for? You have no hope left.” Duke Long stepped and activated a killer move, pushing down the whole Calamity Luck Altar into the ground, he then punched with both hands and sent Seven Extreme Desolation flying far away.


 “I already told you, this is as far as you can possibly go.”


 “You will all fail, Heavenly Court will remain invincible for all eternity!”


 Duke Long’s voice reverberated throughout the whole battlefield, stirring everyone’s hearts.


 “What methods do you still have? Use them all, I will personally send you into the abyss of despair.” He spoke slowly and steadily, his expressionless dragon eyes and cruel voice gave chills to others.


 Bing Sai Chuan was in a miserable state, Calamity Luck Altar could no longer provide comprehensive defense, he was filled with injuries.


 This was the result of spiraling dragon fangs.


 The situation was getting increasingly dangerous, but the light in his eyes had never been extinguished.


 He still held hope.


 In the depths of his mind, there was a memory which he would never forget.


 “This is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building? So amazing! It is truly worthy of being lord’s creation.” Bing Sai Chuan stood beside Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and said with reverence.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, he had a satisfied expression: “With this Immortal Gu House, all my children will become strong.”


 “Lord, you are truly considerate.” Bing Sai Chuan praised.


 “However.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable changed his tone: “I feel more anticipation towards the time it collapses.”


 “Wha... what?”


 “I created this building so that it would collapse one day. Bing Sai Chuan, you are a time path Gu Immortal, go hibernate. When Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapses in the future, it will be a sign that the opportunity to attack Heavenly Court has arrived.”


 5...


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar.


 “Even if my injuries are fatal, even if the situation is desperate, even if we have used all our trump cards, I won’t give up. Because this plan is Ancestor Giant Sun’s arrangement!”


 “Oh Heavenly Court, the victor will be us!”


 Bing Sai Chuan shouted.


 “Blind confidence.” Duke Long gave a disdainful scoff: “You will only extend your suffering if you continue persevering.”


 Bing Sai Chuan snorted: “You will never understand that man’s greatness!”


 Not far away.


 Whoosh!


 Dog tail life extending ferret Mao Li Qiu suddenly turned into smoke and disappeared from the scene.


 “We finally got rid of the killer move perfect pair!”


 “It is indeed worthy of being Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s creation.”


 “Fortunately, this is Heavenly Court. With four rule path Gu Immortals and with detailed information on perfect pair in our records, we could decipher it. If this were a normal situation, it would have been troublesome.”


 The dog tail life extending ferret had been engaging in a fierce battle against two legendary immemorial desolate beasts of Heavenly Court, Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five.


 With perfect pair, the dog tail life extending ferret and its clone were able to suppress them.


 But with Heavenly Court’s members waking up, many people began to target perfect pair and were finally able to break it.


 “Try to act wild again!”


 “Little dog, you pounced on me so many times that my feathers are all plucked out.”


 Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five surrounded Mao Li Qiu, along with several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Mao Li Qiu might have outstanding strength, but falling into this situation, it was not able to fight against many and was soon filled with injuries with blood gushing out rapidly.


 But Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five were also not in a good state.


 Mao Li Qiu’s counterattack was specially targeted at these two.


 Although Mao Li Qiu’s injuries kept on increasing and was becoming increasingly weak while Heavenly Court’s dominance was increasing, Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five were still shaken and bewildered.


 “This lunatic is not afraid of death!”


 “Even if it dies, it will probably bite a piece of my flesh off during its last attack.”


 Heavenly Court’s two legendary immemorial beasts could not help but feel apprehensive, one of them shouted: “Mao Li Qiu, why are you wasting your life for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable? He raised you because of your innate ability and wanted to kill you to prolong his life.”


 Mao Li Qiu was standing in a pool of blood, its injuries were horrifying and many were so deep that its bones could be seen. Its glossy fur was now stuck together because of the blood.


 Its eyes had blacked out, its body was shaking as if it would collapse at the next moment.


 It knew about its body condition, it would probably die here.


 “And so what?!” Mao Li Qiu gave a soundless laughter as it opened its mouth.


 A memory surfaced in its mind.


 Under the setting sun, on a mountain, Mao Li Qiu curled up like a puppy beside Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s feet.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stroked its head, but it was shivering.


 It had already heard of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s plan, now that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was near the end of his lifespan and had summoned him, he probably wanted to kill it to extend his life.


 But Mao Li Qiu did not dare to resist, it was extremely clear: Even if it possessed peak rank eight battle strength, it was not Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s match. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not even need to attack for it to die.


 “Don’t be afraid, Mao Li Qiu. I won’t kill you to prolong my life.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chuckled.


 Mao Li Qiu’s body stiffened.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gazed at the evening sky that was dazzling like fire: “I still remember the first day I took you in, hehehe, how time flies, you have already grown to this extent.”


 “Speaking from the bottom of my heart, you are my child too, how different are you from my sons and daughters?”


 “As a parent, how can I harm my own children?”


 Mao Li Qiu knew Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s temperament, he would not lie because there was no need to do so.


 Mao Li Qiu asked in a daze: “But master, you can extend your lifespan by killing me.”


 “Extend my lifespan?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed: “I will only be dragging on the inevitable. People die in the end, isn’t that so?”


 He shook his head: “What meaning is there to continue living under fate? Death is not that hard to accept, furthermore, children are destined to leave their parents and only then can they truly grow up.”


 1“Master...”


 “Promise me, you must continue to live well. Do what you like, I won’t give you any orders, be yourself and live happily.”


 “Master...”


 The memory faded away as Mao Li Qiu looked at the surrounding enemies.


 It raised its head and laughed wildly, its aura suddenly surging: “Master, even if I die, I will repay the gratitude of raising me!”


 “It is already dying!”


 “Right, it is only overexerting itself.”


 “But be careful of its final counterattack.”


 The Heavenly Court immortals had cold expressions as they encircled it.


 Black heaven.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Giant Sun immortal zombie was sitting cross-legged without moving like a statue.


 He looked towards the south, the scenes of the battle in Heavenly Court were reflected in his eyes.


 His face showed no sadness or joy as he slowly raised his palm.



***
Chapter 1734 - Chen Yi Removes Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 Nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 “Their formation...”


 “Our side is suffering from a strong backlash!”


 “First group, come back and recuperate; second group, take over the first group, third group, be on standby!”


 Chen Yi and Bai Cang Shui controlled the formation while orderly commanding the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 “Who could have thought they would have such a strange move.” Feng Jiu Ge frowned slightly as he gazed at the five regional formation within the formation: “This is troublesome, if we don’t handle it well, the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation might...”


 Feng Jiu Ge had a bad feeling.


 The five regional formation constantly spread five colored smoke to the surroundings under Chi Qu You’s control.


 The smoke constantly spread out while becoming increasingly transparent as it invaded the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 “Good, this is the way!”


 “The others shall target the formation, make the Central Continent Gu Immortals use it frequently, the more they use it, the stronger the backlash they will suffer.”


 “Hahaha, the stronger this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is, the greater the injury these Gu Immortals will have to suffer! This is truly wonderful.”


 The morale of the Southern Alliance and Northern Plains immortals soared.


 They changed their battle tactic.


 They had already seen through this formation and could clearly target the flaw to destroy the formation, but now, they were not in a hurry to do so.


 The five regional smoke constantly spread and they used this to deal with the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were inside the formation.


 In a way, nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation had instead become the strong weapon for Fang Yuan’s group to attack Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s experts.


 “How should we deal with this? Do we send people to destroy their formation?” Bai Cang Shui looked at Chen Yi.


 The leader of this group was Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi looked unsightly as he said: “This formation should have originated from the five regional true inheritance, it is the method of Southern Border’s Tao Zhu.”


 Heavenly Court had interfered in the five regional mountain range battle, Jun Shen Guang was captured alive by Fang Yuan in this battle. Thus, Heavenly Court knew detailed information about Tao Zhu’s true inheritance and the five regional mountain range battle.


 “Tao Zhu could create the five regional mountain range, so this five colored smoke that is pervading the formation is clearly imitating the five regional walls and is making our side suffer from backlash.”


 Chen Yi’s tone was quite bitter: “The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is a multi-layered formation, we can easily get rid of or add a sub-formation and hence sustain it indefinitely. Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable had to break a hundred formations to get out of this formation.”


 “But Tao Zhu’s method gets around the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation and targets our Gu Immortals instead!”


 “Not only are they avoiding the formation but the stronger our formation is, the stronger the backlash to the Gu Immortals in charge of the formation.”


 “If we activate the formation to deal with the enemy’s formation, we will fall into the enemy’s trap, we cannot do that.”


 “But if we temporarily stop the formation and send our people out of the formation, we will be giving up our advantage and fighting with our weakness. Moreover, the enemies include ruthless people like Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, the Gu Immortals we send out will be in huge danger.”


 Chen Yi had been struck by Wu Yong’s farewell friend wind and was saved by Feng Jiu Ge, he still felt lingering fear.


 More importantly, they only had three rank eights: Chen Yi, Bai Cang Shui, and Feng Jiu Ge. Moreover, they all had some level of injuries and were not suited to be sent out.


 Chen Yi sighed deeply as he analyzed until here: “Who could have thought the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation would be countered by the enemy!”


 Tao Zhu was only an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal who could not even be mentioned alongside Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, while the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was created by the famous and mighty Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 The five regional true inheritance was able to counter nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, this was Tao Zhu’s glory!


 1While alive, Tao Zhu was not prominent among rank eight Gu Immortals or even remotely famous, he only created the five regional mountain range.


 No one had expected his research to truly succeed.


 After this battle, Tao Zhu’s name would spread throughout the world despite him having been dead for a long time already.


 Each generation brings forth new geniuses and each will rule their domain for years to come.


 Like how Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s perfect pair killer move was countered in the battle in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was also countered by geniuses of the future generations.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had died too long ago while the eras continued to progress. Their methods were powerful, but they could not escape from the trials of time as it flows continuously.


 “Remove that sub-formation.” Chen Yi ordered resolutely.


 The Gu Immortals beside him were shocked.


 Chen Yi actually sent the command to remove the formation, did he get muddle-headed?


 But soon after, Feng Jiu Ge was the first to react, his eyes shining brightly as he praised: “Great idea.”


 “They actually removed the formation, hahaha.” Inside five regional formation, some Northern Plains Gu Immortals started laughing heartily at this sight.


 Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, however, had slightly sunken expressions.


 “This is not good, Chen Yi is truly crafty.”


 “If we are inside their formation, the five colored smoke can invade faster and deeper. Now that they have removed the sub-formation, its efficiency will decrease greatly.”


 “Indeed. Over at Heavenly Court’s battlefield, Longevity Heaven is already unable to hold on and Heavenly Court is firmly occupying the upper hand. Chen Yi probably considered this so he adopted the delaying tactic.”


 Fang Yuan’s group would have been happy to see Chen Yi’s side activating the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation or sending people to attack their formation.


 But now, Chen Yi took the initiative to remove the sub-formation, choosing to defend passively.


 The five colored smoke’s invasion slowed down greatly, Central Continent immortals only maintained the formation and did not activate it so they suffered from weaker backlash.


 On the contrary, Chen Yi was still behind the formation, continuing to arrange immortal formations!


 Fang Yuan’s group needed even more time to destroy this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation as a result.


 The most crucial thing was that Fang Yuan’s group had to fight for every second, they could not delay for even one moment. Once Heavenly Court eliminates Longevity Heaven’s forces, they would rush here to deal with Fang Yuan’s group.


 Chen Yi was very calm with his deep experience.


 He purposely backed down, it was only a small step back in the overall picture, but it instead became an even more terrifying offensive move.


 He directly forced Fang Yuan’s group towards the edge of the cliff.


 “Sigh, if I had known this, I would have made Formation Spirit and formation flag Immortal Gu take part in the five regional formation. With that, five regional formation could be mobile and would not have to be fixed in one place.”


 Fang Yuan mentally sighed.


 This was not his mistake, and it was not that he was unwilling to contribute.


 If Formation Spirit and formation flag Immortal Gu were to be joined with the five regional formation, the amount of things to deduce would increase sharply and it would consume a lot of Fang Yuan’s time.


 In fact, even if the five regional formation could be moved, Fang Yuan’s group would not be able to resolve the current crisis.


 Chen Yi took the initiative to dispel the sub-formation and retreated to a defensive position. The five regional formation inside the sub-formation was now exposed.


 There was already a chaotic battle going on outside the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Four rank eight Gu Immortals, Qing Ye, Li Huang, Prince Feng Xian, and Ba Shi Ba, were engaged in a ferocious fight. Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Frost Dragon Manor, Wind Sweeping Building, and other Immortal Gu Houses were rampaging in the battlefield, occasionally colliding against each other or erupting with immortal killer moves, dazzling lights and explosions resounded everywhere.


 “Not good, unlimited wind is getting out of my control.” Wu Yong’s expression changed.


 Previously, he had been inside the formation and had not clearly sensed it. Now that Chen Yi had removed the formation, Wu Yong clearly felt something wrong.


 Without any delay, Wu Yong flew out of the five regional formation and charged at Wind Sweeping Building.


 Yao Huang, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and others also made their moves.


 With their support, Li Huang, Qing Ye and others felt huge pressure. They had to retreat again and again, and soon, they along with Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses were getting suppressed.


 Fang Yuan quietly moved out before suddenly using great thief ghost hand.


 Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses immediately met with disaster as Fang Yuan stole a large amount of Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan grabbed repeatedly and soon obtained three Immortal Gu. Adding on his gains from the battle in Emperor City, he had already stolen over ten Immortal Gu from Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 As for these Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan recognized some of them while there were some which he did not recognize.


 His time path clone was staying inside the light of wisdom, continuously deducing the ways in which these Gu worms could be used.


 Seeing that the situation was going awry, Li Huang got away from Prince Feng Xian and hurried to fight Fang Yuan.


 The previous scene in Emperor City played out once again.


 Fang Yuan was entangled by Li Huang and was unable to easily target Immortal Gu Houses.


 “Hmph, this Prince Feng Xian is acting so well, intentionally letting go of Li Huang without commotion.” Fang Yuan mentally snorted.


 Prince Feng Xian was a problem.


 What made Fang Yuan feel even more problematic was Heavenly Court’s rank nine human path killer move — Heroes Among People.


 With the amplification from heroes among people, Li Huang, Qing Ye, as well as Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses had their strength increased by several times. Thus they were able to block the joint offense of Southern Border and Northern Plains.


 “We don’t have time to continue such a chaotic battle! Let’s retreat to the formation.” Fang Yuan called out.


 Wu Yong and the rest slowly moved back and collected their Immortal Gu Houses before retreating to the five regional formation.


 The five regional formation was activated completely, large amounts of five colored smoke quickly spread and shrouded the whole battlefield.


 Inside the five colored smoke, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals felt a powerful suppression.


 Like the awkward state of Chen Yi before, these people who had been strengthened by heroes among people had their killer moves amplified as well which caused the backlash to increase steeply.


 “I did not expect Tao Zhu’s method to be so profound!” Inside the formation, Ba Shi Ba was moved and sighed.


 Wu Yong was silent.


 This situation was within his expectations.


 Because he had already discovered this, he did not stint on exposing the contents of the true inheritance and seeking to collaborate with Chi Qu You.


 Chi Qu You also knew this was a good thing but did not have a method to use it before. Now that the formation was modified and successfully arranged, it immediately showed its effects.


 “It is a pity this five colored smoke does not distinguish between enemies and allies, Central Continent is suppressed but we can also suffer from backlash.”


 “Only Fang Yuan can move freely.” Yao Huang said encouragingly.


 Many people looked at Fang Yuan, revealing envious expressions.


 “Such a pity.” Fang Yuan inwardly sighed, if he could obtain Tao Zhu’s true inheritance, relying on the light of wisdom as well as his powerful formation path and wisdom path attainment levels, his battle strength would rise sharply.


 For example, he had no way to deal with heroes among people, but if he had the five colored smoke, Li Huang’s group would suffer from an even greater suppression. Who was to say if Fang Yuan might be able to suppress the battle in Emperor City singlehandedly?


 Back then, when he had escaped from the five regional mountain range and could not take five regional true inheritance, he had felt it was a huge loss.


 Looking at it now, his premonition back then was not wrong.



***
Chapter 1735 - Giant Sun Versus Star Constellation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 “The enemies entered their formation, looks like they want to make full use of the five colored smoke. Li Huang and the others are in trouble.” Chen Yi had been paying close attention to the battle situation.


 “Should we go reinforce them? We can work together with them, maybe we can destroy the enemy’s formation. As long as their formation is destroyed and one or two of the core Immortal Gu are dead, they might have no way left to make a comeback.” Bai Cang Shui suggested.


 Chen Yi considered before shaking his head: “No need to take a risk, the current situation is very favorable to us. Bring them into the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.”


 Chen Yi was not willing to attack and even wanted to pull back Li Huang and others.


 He was determined to continue his plan of stalling for time.


 Fang Yuan flew out of the formation and began to fight Li Huang’s group.


 Inside five colored smoke, Li Huang’s group was greatly restricted when fighting with Fang Yuan.


 After suffering many losses, Li Huang gave the order to retreat and entered the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 In an instant, both sides had entered their respective formations, the noisy battlefield was only left with the sounds of unlimited wind.


 Wu Yong and Fang Yuan remained outside the formation.


 The former carefully controlled unlimited wind to evade five colored smoke and target Heavenly Court’s formation.


 The latter was hiding in the five colored smoke, slowly approaching Heavenly Court’s formation as the five colored smoke spread out further.


 “Let’s continue to hold on, as long as the battle in Heavenly Court ends, we will win.” Inside nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, Chen Yi roused the morale of everyone.


 But he had just finished speaking when they heard a loud explosion.


 The immortals quickly looked and saw surging five colored smoke, the five regional formation on Fang Yuan’s side suddenly exploded. A figure flew out like an arrow from within the dense five colored smoke.


 “Prince Feng Xian, what did you do?!”


 “Kill him, he is definitely Heavenly Court’s spy!”


 “Lord Chi Qu You, are you okay? Quick, someone save Lord Chi!”


 A change happened suddenly, Southern Border and Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were in chaos.


 “Prince Feng Xian, don’t even dream about escaping!” Fang Yuan and Wu Yong who were outside turned around and stopped Prince Feng Xian.


 Bai Cang Shui was exulted: “So it was Prince Feng Xian who destroyed the enemy formation from inside! Great job!”


 Some Gu Immortals who were unaware of the inside information were dumbstruck at this sight.


 “Quick, Prince Feng Xian is our Spirit Affinity House’s member! Go save him!” A Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elder urged.


 Even without his words, Chen Yi had already sent the command.


 Li Huang, Qing Ye, and Bai Cang Shui flew out of the formation to bring back Prince Feng Xian.


 Fang Yuan and Wu Yong were obstructed by these three.


 Prince Feng Xian was not weak and with help from the reinforcements, he entered the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation successfully.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals, however, did not know: this Prince Feng Xian who was brought into their formation was a fake!


 “I finally got in.” Fang Yuan sneered inwardly with surging killing intent.


 Immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 This killer move was given a major modification by Fang Yuan, and adding on the transformation path dao marks he obtained from annexing Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, its might had increased by several times.


 Even if Heavenly Court had made preparations, they could not discover Fang Yuan’s true identity!


 At this moment, the true Prince Feng Xian was actually still inside the five regional formation.


 The five regional formation had been modified by Fang Yuan and he had naturally put in another formation inside. This inner formation was a cage to trap Prince Feng Xian and its formation core was being guarded by several rank eight Gu Immortals.


 As for the ‘Fang Yuan’ inside the five colored smoke, it was Yi Hao Fang’s disguise.


 Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortal Yi Hao Fang was a transformation path Gu Immortal.


 Although he did not have a method like familiar face, he was inside the five colored smoke which protected him from the investigative killer moves of other rank eight Gu Immortals.


 As for the five regional formation, it had truly been detonated. Countless mortal Gu died and the Immortal Gu used in the formation also suffered varying severity of damage.


 Only by doing this could they deceive Chen Yi’s side.


 Chen Yi was still in the dark because of another reason as well, Fairy Zi Wei had sent a notification to them.


 Chen Yi’s group knew Prince Feng Xian’s true identity which made them place attention on him constantly during the battle.


 Once there was any movement over on Prince Feng Xian’s end and he backstabs the enemy, they were to actively cooperate and achieve greater success in the battle.


 Right now, Prince Feng Xian had directly destroyed the enemy’s formation, this was a huge battle merit!


 Chen Yi’s group had already been mentally prepared so they immediately accepted Fang Yuan.


 “Since the secret that I was reborn has been exposed, Heavenly Court is definitely wary of Prince Feng Xian’s identity being exposed as well. Currently, this war pertains to fate Gu, at the crucial moment, Heavenly Court will definitely use Prince Feng Xian to maintain the situation! This is something I can exploit.”


 Fang Yuan sneered inwardly. He was disguised as Prince Feng Xian with a heavily injured look. Under the expectant gazes of Heavenly Court immortals, he entered the core of nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation confidently.


 A Spirit Affinity House supreme elder welcomed him first, she smiled: “Welcome home.”


 Fang Yuan was ready and prepared to make a move.


 “I am not the real Prince Feng Xian, I will be exposed when I converse with them.”


 “And I don’t have Wu Yong’s concealing methods, my killer move’s aura will definitely leak when I prepare it.”


 “So the perfect time to make a move is at this moment when I have just entered the formation! Because I was chased, the killer move aura on my body has yet to dissipate.”


 Fang Yuan was about to make a fatal move when a change occurred!


 Everyone in the whole battlefield had a change in their expression.


 “What... what is that?”


 “Rank nine killer move! It seems to have come from Northern Plains!”


 Luck path’s aura.”


 “Its direction... seems like Heavenly Court!”


 Both enemies and allies forgot about fighting as they all looked up at the sky.


 An enormous beam of light flew through the sky and shot towards Heavenly Court’s direction at an extreme speed.


 This beam of light was so gigantic, like a large river that spanned across heaven and earth.


 Wherever it went, it pushed aside all the air, the light pillar’s movement was accompanied by a deafening and majestic sound.


 Such a grand and powerful killer move shocked everyone and sent them into a daze.


 Chen Yi, Wu Yong, and even Fang Yuan felt how small and insignificant they were at this moment!


 Unstoppable! Invincible!


 The light pillar started from black heaven above Northern Plains, piercing through the regional wall and directly bombarding Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court shook intensely, the world seemed to tremble as countless Immortal Gu Houses cracked and broke.


 “This is?!” Duke Long looked up fiercely. The previous moment, he had been in high spirits and with his awe-inspiring might, he had beaten Seven Extreme Desolation and Calamity Luck Altar to the point where they did not even know their bearings.


 But when the light pillar charged towards him, he paled in horror; in an instant, he had become fish on the chopping board.


 He could not move, he was locked firmly by the beam like an insect trapped in amber, he could only watch quietly as the pillar of light crashed, even though his current strength could make all other rank eight Gu Immortals feel helpless and lament.


 “Rank nine killer move! This is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method!”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind a backup method after all! No, he is not targeting me, he is going after fate Gu.”


 Duke Long suddenly realized as his face turned malevolent, he struggled with all his strength, trying to activate his immortal killer moves desperately.


 But what he feared still happened, his killer moves did not even activate once. The continuous failure in activating killer moves inflicted heavy backlash on him, his mouth and eyes were both bleeding.


 The Heavenly Court immortals were confused and shocked, some who overestimated their own strength tried to obstruct the beam but were all incinerated into ashes!


 No rank eight Gu Immortal could block the advancement of the light pillar.


 “Lord Ancestor Giant Sun!”


 “Master...”


 At this moment, Bing Sai Chuan and Mao Li Qiu’s eyes shined brightly.


 But right as the beam of light was about to strike the refinement path formation, suddenly, everyone heard a deep sigh.


 Following that, the image of two venerables playing chess appeared once again in Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, who was playing chess with Limitless Demon Venerable, grabbed a chess piece and tossed it out.


 Instantly, countless starlight specks flickered and gathered, they were so dazzling that they did not lose to the huge yellow beam!


 Starlight specks formed a giant web that obstructed the beam’s advancement.


 The beam of light became slower and thinner, the starlight specks that were surrounding it were absorbing and transferring the strength away.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!”


 “This is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method!”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were exulted, they looked at Imperfection Regret Pavilion with reverence and excited emotions.


 Duke Long gasped for breath, the beam of light had approached him closely, almost touching his face. But in the end, the beam was completely stopped and trapped by the starlight web.


 “Damn it, we were so close.” Bing Sai Chuan was very upset.


 Duke Long was Heavenly Court’s strongest battle strength, he was also their leader and banner. If he died, Heavenly Court’s morale would definitely fall greatly while Longevity Heaven, which still had Calamity Luck Altar and Seven Extreme Desolation, would have hope left!


 “Star Constellation, this bitch...” Mao Li Qiu clenched its teeth fiercely.


 1The beam of light suddenly changed abruptly, it started to rotate and got faster and faster, forming circles of whirling currents on its surface.


 Inside Imperfection Regret Pavilion, a surprised look appeared on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s face.


 With a loud sound, the beam exploded, splitting into hundreds of enormous yellow qi currents that plunged into Bing Sai Chuan, Mao Li Qiu, and the other Northern Plains’ experts.


 Mao Li Qiu was dumbfounded.


 It had already been prepared for death but after this yellow qi current moved through its limbs and bones, all its injuries were healed and immortal essence was condensing within its immortal aperture out of nowhere.


 A golden-white halo appeared on Longevity Heaven’s members, giving them a huge amplification.


 This amplification was several times stronger than heroes among people!


 After the light pillar got obstructed by the starlight web, it transformed into another effect and helped Longevity Heaven’s members instead.


 “Duke Long, let’s fight again!” Bing Sai Chuan shouted, having recovered to his peak condition.


 Calamity Luck Altar was also shrouded in a layer of radiance, and under Bing Sai Chuan’s control, it flew out.


 Duke Long did not dodge but faced Calamity Luck Altar head-on.


 Calamity Luck Altar’s momentum was blocked but Duke Long was sent flying like a cannonball. He smashed through five to six thick walls before being stopped by the qi wall.


 Guh.


 Duke Long’s face turned pale as he spat out large mouthfuls of blood.


 His chest had caved in and almost all his ribs were broken!


 1



***
Chapter 1736 - Northern Plains’ Upper Hand


***





 



 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 “Kill!”


 Deafening battle roars resounded, the morale of the Northern Plains immortals soared to an unprecedented height!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had made his move, it had extraordinary meaning, his descendants all felt a huge rise in their morale along with great increase in their strength.


 “How can this be?” A Heavenly Court immortal suddenly stiffened in the air, unable to move.


 Before him, a famous expert of Northern Plains, wisdom path Gu Immortal Liu Hui, let out a breath of air: “I was almost killed by you, you were really so close, it is such a pity.”


 Cold sweat dripped down the Heavenly Court Gu Immortal’s forehead: “Your killer move was clearly unable to bind me. Hmph, the amazing one is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, you take no credit in this!”


 Liu Hui sneered: “Then what about earlier when our side was suppressed by fate? Moreover, who cares about who the credit belongs to? Life or death, victory or defeat, these are the only important things, go die.”


 He waved his hand lightly, taking the enemy’s life.


 His eyes were narrow and his gaze was chilling as he sized up his surroundings with ill intentions: “Who should be next?”


 ...


 “You cannot break my defense, don’t waste your effort.” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal stood steadfast and unmoved, his whole body covered in an extremely tough barrier.


 Northern Plains Gu Immortal Yu Yang Zi took in a deep breath, he felt the vast new strength in his body, his dejectedness from earlier vanished as his confidence soared: “The current me is not the same as before. Immortal killer move — Decomposition!”


 Yu Yang Zi’s original name was Ye Lui Wa and he cultivated rule path. After becoming a Gu Immortal, he achieved remarkable feats repeatedly, but Ye Lui tribe did not give him the treatment he deserved. In a fit of anger, he defected from the tribe and became a demonic path Gu Immortal.


 In his later years, Ye Lui tribe was jointly pushed aside and suppressed by many Huang Jin tribes, Ye Lui Wa who had become rank eight was welcomed back to become Ye Lui tribe’s first supreme elder in a grand manner and returned to the righteous path.


 He relied on his own strength to achieve feats that was unattainable for ordinary Gu Immortals, making the entire tribe lower its head and admit its past mistake.


 Ye Lui Wa’s life history was painted with legendary tales that stimulated countless future generations. But even after returning to Ye Lui tribe and taking the position of first supreme elder, he did not use his original name and still went by Yu Yang Zi.


 “How can this be?!” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal was pale from shock, the defense that he prided himself on continued to break apart before disintegrating completely.


 With the help of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Yu Yang Zi directly reversed the position of the strong and weak.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal fighting against him soon died a miserable death.


 ...


 Chink chink chink!


 Three Heavenly Court immortals were fighting Yuan Ben.


 Yuan Ben was a rank eight Gu Immortal who primarily cultivated bone path and had shocking battle strength. While he was alive, he was considered the number one battle strength in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, even the other four regions often heard of his famous name.


 His physique was not strong-built, instead he was slightly on the bony side. But his whole body was covered in extremely tough white bone armor. He held a white bone spear in his right hand which created a storm when he waved it, in his left hand, he held a bone sword, the sword light it gave off was cold and dark.


 Yuan Ben roared loudly when he received a portion of the yellow light, his armor suddenly shot out countless bone spikes.


 One Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who was surrounding him could not dodge in time and died miserably after being pierced by hundreds of spikes.


 Yuan Ben took the chance to rush forward and pierced the second Gu Immortal’s heart with his spear while slicing off the third Gu Immortal’s head with his sword.


 But he did not feel any excitement or joy, instead he looked slightly sad: “It is unfortunate you did not have all your Gu worms and could not display your full strength. Furthermore, I obtained ancestor’s help, this battle... there is no honor in winning!”


 ...


 Boom!


 With a loud bang, Duke Long was sent flying like a cannonball.


 Dragon roars resounded as Duke Long quickly stabilized himself.


 Suddenly, an enormous shadow shrouded over him.


 Duke Long quickly raised his head and saw Calamity Luck Altar pressing down like a mountain.


 Duke Long gave a cold grunt and clenched his fists with no intention to dodge.


 “Lord Duke Long, let me lend you a hand!” Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Wu Shuang activated a killer move against Duke Long.


 Immortal killer move — Peerless!


 Duke Long took a deep breath and punched at Calamity Luck Altar.


 Immortal killer move — Chaotic Dragon Fist!


 Peerless — Chaotic Dragon Fist!!


 Fist shadows flew and set off a violent gale. Calamity Luck Altar swayed unsteadily as it was struck by tens of millions of fist shadows.


 “This Duke Long is still so absurdly strong!” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth.


 Calamity Luck Altar had also received Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s amplification, its strength had risen by several times but was still unable to suppress Duke Long.


 But right at this time, a giant flew over and joined the battlefield.


 It was Seven Extreme Desolation!


 “Die, Duke Long!” The Seven Extreme Desolation giant roared as it spat out countless pitch-black needles that shot towards Duke Long.


 “Damn it!” Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Wu Shuang stared with a furious expression, he wanted to help but was blocked by other Northern Plains Gu Immortals.


 Northern Plains Gu Immortals had rich battle experiences, and these Gu Immortals summoned by call of the ancient were experts of their eras. After fighting for so long, they were already able to tacitly coordinate.


 Duke Long was using chaotic dragon fist to block Calamity Luck Altar but suffered from Seven Extreme Desolation’s attack at the same time.


 These pitch-black needles were extremely powerful and had explosive momentum, Duke Long felt a chilling sensation of pain before they even touched him.


 A sharp light flashed past Duke Long’s eyes.


 Immortal killer move — Clear Dragon Vision.


 With the activation of the investigative killer move, he immediately saw through many details of the pitch-black needles and knew this move contained the essence of dark path and was used to counter defensive methods. If he only used his dragon scales or nine dragons protection, he would probably have countless holes in his body and be heavily injured!


 “Then let’s use offense against offense!” Duke Long opened his mouth and breathed out heavily.


 Qi currents surged as they instantly formed an immortal killer move!


 Immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


 Countless white qi currents charged towards the pitch-black needles.


 Qi currents cut through the air like sharp blades, cutting apart all the black needles in their path.


 Qi current scissors collided with pitch-black needles, each side dissipated by more than half of their original quantity.


 But there were some that escaped the collision and flew towards Duke Long and Seven Extreme Desolation.


 Almost at the same time, Duke Long gave a muffled grunt after being pierced by over ten pitch-black needles, while several bones and muscles of Seven Extreme Desolation’s body were cut by qi current scissors.


 These injuries were shared by the Seven Big Dipper Immortals inside Seven Extreme Desolation.


 They endured the pain as they coordinated their efforts in activating Seven Extreme Desolation to directly go after Duke Long.


 Duke Long sighed, he could only retreat!


 Since the battle started, this was the first time he had retreated on his own initiative.


 The enemy’s momentum was so strong that Duke Long had no choice but to retreat.


 His killer move heavenly dragon’s last stand could indeed let him be tyrannical among rank eights, especially during the last moments of his life, he would have complete dominance over rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But, in front of a rank nine killer move, heavenly dragon’s last stand paled greatly, losing much significance.


 Besides the might of the killer move itself, there was also a mysterious and profound change that was occurring.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attack had been an offensive killer move which originated from Northern Plains and struck Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, it crossed two regions without any decrease in its power.


 Heavenly Court’s own defense was extremely strong but it was not a match against Giant Sun’s attack.


 Fortunately, during the critical moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a move and blocked Giant Sun’s attack.


 But after being blocked, Giant Sun’s attack changed its nature and transformed into an amplification method which overturned the whole battle situation.


 There were four main kinds of special techniques regarding the usage of killer moves: consecutive moves, variation moves, attached moves, and split moves.


 The so-called variation move used a certain killer move as the base and added in new attributes to achieve a different effect. For instance, Fang Yuan’s myriad self killer move was the base for strength path giant hand.


 But if Fang Yuan activated the killer move, myriad self absolutely would not transform into strength path giant hand, these two had their own differences.


 In contrast, Giant Sun’s attack seemed to be able to transform at will, one moment, it was an offensive killer move, while immediately after, it became an amplification method.


 The attainment that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable possessed in using the variation move technique had already surpassed Duke Long’s level of understanding!


 “My strength seems to be dissipating.”


 “Looks like Ancestor Giant Sun’s amplification cannot be maintained for long!”


 “We need to stop focusing on fighting, and while the amplification still exists, we need to break through the enemy’s defense line and seize fate Gu!”


 As time passed, the Northern Plains Gu Immortals gradually realized something.


 Giant Sun’s attack transformed and became a powerful amplification method, but this strength was quickly dissipating.


 Giant Sun’s attack was much more explosive than heroes among people. But looking at the duration and area of coverage, heroes among people undoubtedly covered a larger area and could last for a longer time.


 Duke Long’s expression changed.


 He was barely able to match both Calamity Luck Altar and Seven Extreme Desolation, now that Northern Plains immortals were all attacking the refinement path formation, he was simply unable to defend it.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals gathered and formed a defensive line in front of the damaged refinement formation.


 But under the berserk rush of the Northern Plains Gu Immortals, the defensive line was on the verge of breaking.


 All kinds of immortal killer moves collided, Gu Immortal corpses fell from the sky from time to time.


 Both sides staked their lives against each other, Gu Immortal deaths rose steeply around the thin defensive line.


 Northern Plains’ side was betting it all in this one fight while Heavenly Court members were defending with all their strength.


 Both sides gained constant reinforcements.


 Gu Immortals awakened from Heavenly Court immortal graveyard and rushed to the battlefield to reinforce the defensive line.


 While from the phantom image of the River of Time, Northern Plains experts stepped out and went to fight without saying a word.


 The defensive line was teetering on the edge of collapsing, Fairy Zi Wei had already joined the battlefield and was using all her might to resist the Northern Plains immortals’ offense.


 Suddenly, a faint shadow appeared beside Fairy Zi Wei.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal expert Liu Liu Liu!


 This person was a rank eight expert but did not have a good reputation. When he was alive, he was the only rank eight Gu Immortal in Liu tribe, and according to the customs, he should have inherited the first supreme elder’s position.


 But from a young age, Liu Liu Liu had never fought openly and only bullied the weak while fearing the strong. All his attacks were usually sneak attacks.


 His reputation was so bad that others could not bring themselves to respect or trust him.


 If he took the position and became Liu tribe’s first supreme elder, it would instead burden the whole of Liu tribe and affect Liu tribe’s image and reputation instead.


 Liu Liu Liu was an anomaly and a unique existence in the history of Northern Plains. But because of this nature, he was still alive in this battlefield now.



***
Chapter 1737 - Heavenly Court’s Foundation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Liu Liu Liu had set foot in the battlefield very early, but within his batch of Northern Plains experts, the others were already killed and only he remained.


 This battle was too dangerous and fierce, it was very common to see the sacrifice of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Liu Liu Liu’s achievements in this battle were brilliant, having killed at least eight Heavenly Court members. With his plentiful battle experiences, he had long been paying attention to Fairy Zi Wei and had already deduced that she was a crucial key in this battle!


 Now he suddenly sneak attacked, but this attack had been prepared for a long time.


 At that very instance, Fairy Zi Wei’s hair stood on end, she was suffocated with a feeling of fatal danger that filled her mind!


 Fairy Zi Wei was well-aware that she was simply unable to block the enemy with just her defensive methods. But she did not have the time to activate other defensive measures at this point!


 Right as Fairy Zi Wei was about to die, at the crucial moment, a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal rushed out from the side.


 It was Wu Shuang, who had reinforced Duke Long earlier!


 Swish!


 With a muffled noise, Liu Liu Liu’s killer move that was like a grey knife pierced through Wu Shuang and even stabbed into Fairy Zi Wei’s shoulder.


 “Damn it, this guy blocked most of the attack...” Liu Liu Liu’s expression rapidly changed as he quickly disappeared on the spot.


 Fairy Zi Wei was heavily injured but Wu Shuang was dead.


 Liu Liu Liu disappeared without a trace, who knew whose life would be gone the next time he appeared.


 Boom!


 Air waves surged.


 Duke Long was sent flying hundreds of steps before he barely stabilized himself.


 He finally blocked Seven Extreme Desolation’s killer move but the price he paid were his two hands and the dragon scales in front of his chest.


 His hands drooped down powerlessly, his dragon scales were completely destroyed and blood had already dyed his chest.


 Duke Long immediately activated healing methods but the dark path dao marks in his hands were extremely dense, moreover they were arranged in a mystical way which greatly hindered the healing effect.


 “Hahaha, Duke Long, you have been struck by our snake lure and dark life entanglement, you still want to recover your injuries in such a short period? Keep dreaming!” A voice from within Seven Extreme Desolation sneered.


 Next, Calamity Luck Altar changed its battle style as it suddenly drilled down into the ground and sneak attacked Duke Long from below.


 An immortal killer move was activated and struck Duke Long.


 A giant golden light sphere appeared and trapped Duke Long within it.


 The light sphere was constantly shrinking, diminishing the space that Duke Long had, his bones were making creaking noises, his dragon scales were falling off continuously and his dragon horns showed evident cracks.


 Bing Sai Chuan let out a huge breath of relief after seeing Duke Long trapped.


 Duke Long’s speed was too shocking while this killer move Calamity Luck Altar used was rather slow and would have been difficult for it to land on him.


 Fortunately, Northern Plains Gu Immortals were highly adept in fighting, because they focused on his weaknesses, Duke Long’s attention was drawn to them and he could only defend passively. The coordination with Seven Extreme Desolation was also growing increasingly, thus it created an opportunity for the killer move to strike Duke Long!


 Crack.


 A large part of Duke Long’s dragon horns fell off.


 A huge amount of purple hair scattered in the air.


 The nine dragon phantoms of nine dragons protection killer move that coiled around Duke Long’s body was barely resisting the huge pressure from the surroundings.


 “Duke Long, your dominance has passed, fate Gu will belong to my Longevity Heaven! As for you, death awaits!” Bing Sai Chuan’s voice spread throughout the battlefield. He could only entrap Duke Long within this short period and could not take his life, but it did not matter, he could use this to lower Heavenly Court’s morale.


 Sure enough, many Heavenly Court members were shaken when they saw Duke Long being trapped.


 Duke Long suddenly laughed loudly: “Even if I die here, so what? You Northern Plains Gu Immortals are not afraid of death, do you think Heavenly Court members fear death?”


 With just a few words, Heavenly Court’s immortals cheered and their morale surged.


 “We went to hibernate because of our responsibilities, it was not because we feared death.”


 “What a joke, would we fear death? We are members of Heavenly Court!”


 “We defend the glory of humanity, we have never feared sacrifices since the Remote Antiquity Era!!”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals began to counterattack, not hesitating to use their physical bodies to block the killer moves of Northern Plains Gu Immortals. Once there was a chance, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would disregard their own bodies to attack fiercely and try to take the Northern Plains experts down together with them.


 Northern Plains Gu Immortals were valiant but Heavenly Court Gu Immortals started to go crazy!


 “Damn it.” Bing Sai Chuan realized the situation, he had intended to lower Heavenly Court’s morale, but Duke Long’s words actually destroyed his plan.


 Bing Sai Chuan sneered, his voice spreading throughout the battlefield once again: “Laughable! Your sacrifice is meaningless, no matter how many Gu Immortals are sacrificed on our side, they are only formed by the killer move of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, they were never alive to begin with. Using these dead people to exchange for your lives, we are definitely the ones winning here! How much foundation does your Heavenly Court have, how long can this go on?”


 “Foundation?” Duke Long sneered: “We have more than enough!”


 He began to retaliate.


 He was unable to use his two hands but his aura started to inflate as it covered him like a sturdy wall.


 Duke Long looked at Calamity Luck Altar with a gaze of disdain: “Your Longevity Heaven was founded in the Medieval Antiquity Era and it has only been about three hundred thousand years. As for our Heavenly Court? It has already been three million, eight hundred and seventy-nine thousand, six hundred and eighty-seven (3,879,687) years! Calculate it yourself, how many times longer it is compared to your Longevity Heaven! Don’t try to estimate my Heavenly Court’s foundation, hmph, you can never imagine it in your wildest dreams!”


 “Bing Sai Chuan, take a look at the immortal graveyard and then look at your laughable phantom River of Time.”


 Bing Sai Chuan’s expression sank but he was silent.


 He did not need to look, he had all along been observing these two areas.


 There were fewer and fewer Northern Plains Gu Immortals coming out from the phantom River of Time. But groups of Gu Immortals were still awakening from Heavenly Court constantly.


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was truly unfathomable.


 Duke Long continued: “How many people can a tribe have? How many geniuses will rise from a tribe? Bing Sai Chuan, look at our Central Continent. We chose all kinds of geniuses from all the mortals in Central Continent!”


 “Even if a tribe has a genius, can they truly nurture them? The tribe’s blood and familial relations will become obstacles. This phenomenon of familial relations is much weaker in our sects. Moreover, the sect’s competitions are more fair and transparent.”


 “Even if a genius appears in the family of a tribe’s higher-ups, how much effort can a tribe’s Gu Immortal spend to cultivate this genius junior? Gu Immortals also have many things to do and are extremely busy. But in sects, a genius junior will receive guidance from many people. From the moment they start cultivating until they become a Gu Immortal, they will receive appropriate guidance. There are many missions in sects which provide ample benefits for guiding juniors! Let me ask, how many tribes can do this?”


 Duke Long’s voice became louder and was filled with arrogance and pride: “Immortals of Northern Plains, you are truly courageous to dare to invade Heavenly Court! Unfortunately, your understanding is bound by your tribal system, you have really underestimated Heavenly Court’s foundation!”


 Bing Sai Chuan was silent.


 He wanted to retort but there were no words he could say.


 Because the truth was right here in full view!


 There was a constant flow of Gu Immortals awakening from Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard.


 Over three million years ago, Remote Antiquity Era.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable looked at the surrounding human Gu Immortals and nodded slightly: “All of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals have gathered here, there are also a few friends from the other four regions.”


 “Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, we hurried here after receiving your call. We will listen to your instructions and teachings.”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable smiled and expressed his suggestion: “From today onwards, Central Continent will establish sects and take in disciples to impart our skills to the future generation.”


 “What?”


 “Abolishing the clan system?”


 “I had already heard of this rumor, but Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, you really want to do this?”


 “Isn’t this too...”


 The human Gu Immortals discussed and showed reluctant expressions.


 Someone tried persuading in a careful tone: “Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, you are the only rank nine Gu Immortal of the current world, if you want to establish your own clan, it will definitely be the number one super force in the whole world! Your children will inherit your glory and skills, all of our clans will definitely accept your clan’s leadership.”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable shook his head slightly, he looked at the persuading Gu Immortal with a tranquil gaze: “Clan? I would like to ask you, in history, have there been any long lasting clans? Once a clan develops, the ties of blood relationship will become thin. When I had yet to be an Immortal Venerable, we fought with other variant human forces, besides our unity, it was because we made use of their internal conflicts. I want to create sects, an organization that does not rely on blood relations!”


 The human Gu Immortals kept silent for a while before someone gave a forceful smile: “Lord Immortal Venerable, you are correct, once a clan dominates, it is easy for their unity to become loose. But you are different, you are the first Gu Immortal to cultivate to rank nine! There might not even be a rank nine Immortal Venerable in the future.”


 “As long as you are there in the clan, which member will dare to drift away? With your existence, this will be the clan with the strongest unity!”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable nodded: “You are right. But what if I am not there? How much longer can I live?”


 The human Gu Immortals were dazed.


 Someone said: “Lord Immortal Venerable, you are at your prime right now!”


 Another person said: “We will constantly search for lifespan Gu, you will definitely be the Gu Immortal who will live the longest in history!”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable smiled, saying with a tranquil tone: “But I will still die. Who can live forever in this world?”


 He shook his head and sighed, replying to himself: “No one.”


 The Gu Immortals were silent.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable continued: “Besides lifespan Gu, other lifespan extension methods all have flaws. But even if we gather lifespan Gu, we all know that lifespan Gu will keep on decreasing in production, isn’t that so?”


 The human Gu Immortals remained silent.


 “This is heaven’s will.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable raised his head, his gaze seemingly piercing through the cave walls, directly observing the clouds and heavens: “The way of heaven takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, there has never been a supreme existence with eternal life! The tallest tree will suffer the greatest damage from the wind, a tall pile of sand will crumble from the rushing tides. New variant human experts will emerge to replace the old, our human race is also the same.”


 “I might be invincible in the world but it is only temporary, I will die one day. This involves the Heavenly Dao, Fate, as well as Rules and Regulations, they are all recorded in the >.”



***
Chapter 1738 - Primordial Origin Heavenly Court!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The atmosphere in the cave became increasingly repressed, a young Gu Immortal gave a forced smile: “Lord Immortal Venerable, you are only a few hundred years old now, you still have thousands of years and even more than ten thousand years of life left. Isn’t it too early to consider this?”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s expression turned solemn, he looked at the young Gu Immortal with a calm gaze, the latter could not even last for a few breaths and quickly lowered his head.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable spoke with a serious tone: “He who gives no thought to far-flung problems will soon find suffering nearby. If we don’t consider this early on and take precautions, after I die, all of our sacrifices will become meaningless. Our hard-earned achievements from countless battles will also crumble and disintegrate.”


 “Ignoring anything else, once I die, who among you will be able to take on the responsibility as leader once the variant humans retaliate?” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable asked.


 The Gu Immortals looked at each other, no one spoke.


 Although humans had risen, they had relied on Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable alone. The others, no matter what ranks they were or even comparing quantity, were far from matching the variant human races.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh: “Central Continent is too big, how many human Gu Immortals are there, and how many variant human Gu Immortals are there? What about mortals? What is the population of the entire human race and what is the population of the variant humans? Our difference is enormous.”


 “Even if we can rule Central Continent in our lifetimes and unite this region, what about the other four regions?”


 “Currently, my strength has been exposed, variant humans are deeply aware they cannot fight me so they have already gone into hiding. We don’t have any effective methods to find their accurate locations. Especially those variant human Gu Immortals’ grotto-heavens and blessed lands, if they put them outside, we won’t be able to notice them even if we are right in front of them.”


 The immortals fully understood the intention of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable now.


 Even if the human race rose, it was by relying on Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable alone. And Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s lifespan was limited, he would die one day.


 Moreover, even right now when he was still alive, it would be very difficult for the human race to unite Central Continent. Variant humans were too difficult to find, they could hide and still continue to thrive.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was invincible but he did not have an effective method to dig out their locations.


 A certain elderly man among the Gu Immortals said with a heavy voice: “So, based on Lord Immortal Venerable’s words, the way for humanity to rule in the long term is to give up our clan system and establish sects?”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable nodded solemnly: “Yes.”


 “How can we win against variant humans and provide a bright future for the whole of humanity? This is not possible with just me alone.”


 “Variant humans can hide away in the worst case scenario. Even if I am invincible, I can only lead Central Continent’s humans to independence and make them gain a stable footing in the world.”


 “If we truly want humanity to rise, we must rely on ourselves. We must expand our population and also nurture as many Gu Immortals as we can. As long as our human race has stronger and many more Gu Immortals than the variant humans, humanity’s future will be bright.”


 “If we use the clan system, what difference is there from the variant humans? We are already extremely behind, if we keep on using this clan system, we will never be able to surpass them.”


 “Establishing sects and actively looking and excavating geniuses is the only way. Not worrying about the costs and abandoning prejudices to nurture them, only then will we have the hope of surpassing these variant human races!”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable words sent the Gu Immortals into silence once again.


 Many had already regained their calm, they knew Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s words were reasonable. But there were still some Gu Immortals who frowned, unable to accept this.


 A Gu Immortal asked: “Can the sect system allow us to cooperate sincerely? Will we really be able to become meritocratic, does this mean there won’t be internal conflict or suppression?”


 “Of course not.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable shook his head: “An organization run by people will definitely have selfishness and conflict over personal gains. A clan bases its foundation on blood or marriage relations, while a sect decides based on abilities and talent, the latter is naturally more open and transparent, the limited cultivation resources will go to the more suitable people, which is more beneficial to the overall situation!”


 That person opened his mouth but was unable to criticize the advantage of sects, he could only approach this from another angle: “Does this mean clans are unable to find talents? Clans also have the system of absorbing external talents through marriages or adopting children.”


 “You are right.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable nodded: “But how many marriages can you have? Even if you adopt many children, they will probably be ostracized and suppressed when compared to those blood related descendants of the clansmen, right?”


 The human Gu Immortals finally had nothing to say.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable continued in an earnest voice: “I know that the sect system will not truly be accepted at first. We painstakingly seek the way of Gu Immortal cultivation, we paid an immeasurable price to obtain success, it is okay if we leave it to our own descendants, but a sect means that we need to give them to outsiders.”


 “But the truth is, establishing sects does not mean you are going to casually impart the profundities of your immortal cultivation to others. But you will be choosing geniuses, these geniuses must not only have great innate talent but also have upright moral virtues, and most importantly, they must be loyal to their sect.”


 “Furthermore, even if we don’t have clans, will that mean your descendants cannot receive your help? Of course not. When these people enter the respective sects, they will naturally receive your care. But I hope you keep these actions quiet and not violate the sect rules openly.”


 “As long as we defend the sect rules, our descendants, disciples, and children will also actively abide by the sect rules. As long as we create sects and be united, I believe humanity can truly rise up in the future!”


 “My influence cannot extend to the four regions far away, but in Central Continent, I hope that everyone will create sects and give up on the clan system. For the sake of humanity, I must emphasize this one point: Every Central Continent Gu Immortal needs to create or join a sect, you cannot establish a clan. Any future Gu Immortal will also follow this rule. If anyone breaks the rule, they will face judgment from me personally as well as the collective force of all other Gu Immortals!”


 The human Gu Immortals did not utter a single word, when Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable showed a tough stance, they simply could not go against him.


 But what made them thankful was that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable did not blindly forbid the clan system. The sect system only applied to Gu Immortals, that was to say, mortals and Gu Masters could use the clan system to continue living.


 Moreover, even if Gu Immortals established sects, they could still take care of their descendants and friends.


 This could be considered as Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s compromise towards reality, but this also showed his wisdom and foresight.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable continued: “As your leader, I shall set the example! I hereby take an oath that I will create sects and not clans. I will take in disciples and impart my life’s learnings to them without holding back anything.”


 “Moreover, when I die in the future, my immortal aperture will also be contributed to be the foundation of the sect and it will not be left to my bloodline descendants.”


 “Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”


 “You...”


 The human Gu Immortals were all shaken.


 At this moment, they looked towards Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s calm expression and sensed his resolution to make sacrifices for the sake of the big picture.


 If even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was doing this, what reason did they have to not follow him?


 “Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, you are correct, I will follow your orders!”


 “From today onwards, we will create sects and not clans.”


 “The existence of Lord Immortal Venerable is truly the blessing of humanity!”


 “Following lord is definitely the best decision I’ll make in my life.”


 “Lord Immortal Venerable, I still have some things I don’t understand about the sect establishment.”


 “Mm, do speak.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable said.


 “What kind of sect do you want to create, where should we build our sects? What rules does a sect have, what are the key factors in establishing a sect?”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable took a deep breath: “I have already envisioned the concept of sects for a long time, this plan will involve all the possible aspects we can consider. Take me as an example, first, my sect will be named Heavenly Court...”


 A long time passed.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable answered the questions of all the immortals.


 They no longer had any doubts.


 He then looked at the immortals: “Next, it will depend on you. I believe as long as we widely establish sects and progress, even if I die, humanity will become more prosperous, and if variant humans don’t make any changes, they will definitely perish!”


 “Please have faith in me!”


 “Don’t think that our sects are merely a concept and not reality.”


 “I believe as long as we go on with our plan, sects will gradually let out dazzling radiance in the long course of history. Heavenly Court and our sects will become renowned throughout the world, and we will become existences that our enemies fear!”


 Three million eight hundred and seventeen thousand six hundred and eighty-seven years later.


 1Heavenly Court battlefield.


 The fierce battle continued, Longevity Heaven, which had obtained Giant Sun’s help, occupied the upper hand.


 However, Heavenly Court members continued to awaken from the immortal graveyard.


 “Who is it? Who has the guts to invade Heavenly Court!”


 “This is the fruit of our ancestors’ labor, I won’t allow you to destroy it.”


 “Many people have given up their blood and lives, Longevity Heaven, which operates on a mere tribal system, wants to defeat Heavenly Court? Hmph, wishful thinking!”


 “Longevity Heaven, you are despicable. For your personal gains, you incited an internal battle among humans?”


 “Our Heavenly Court is the sacred land of humanity, the sanctuary of humanity, the rightful leader of humanity!”


 “We represent the fighting spirit of humanity, it has not changed since millions of years ago!”


 “I will follow Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, I will defend our Heavenly Court with my life!!”


 Loud shouts resounded as old-looking, young-looking, male, and female Gu Immortals walked out of the immortal graveyard to join the battle.


 Like what Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable said three million years ago, his Heavenly Court had become an enormous monster that loomed over the world.


 His spirit continued to be inherited and had never changed!


 Countless geniuses were found and nurtured by sects, following after the first venerable who had died long ago and upholding his spirit and ideology!


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortals were incomparably valiant, but the Heavenly Court immortals were showing an aura of madness, even if they did not have their Immortal Gu, even if they perished together with the enemy, their faces did not show perplexity or fear.


 Instead.


 Their faces seemed to shine with brightness.


 The glory of those who defended their beliefs...


 It was so dazzling and brilliant!


 “Why? We are clearly stronger, why are we being suppressed by Heavenly Court’s momentum?!” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, his face turned ashen.



***
Chapter 1739 - Heavenly Court’s Sacrifice


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 The battle of rank eight Gu Immortals had already become extremely tragic.


 “Longevity Heaven! Your performance truly disappoints all of us!”


 “Hmph, Heavenly Court’s members really like to brag shamelessly, you have become used to being the leader for too long, watch now as I wipe the floor with all of you!”


 “You and I both belong to the human race, our internal conflict has actually reached such a state. Northern Plains immortals, you are courageous but you don’t have any beliefs.”


 “You will never understand our beliefs!”


 Northern Plains Gu Immortals perished constantly, but the death of every Northern Plains expert was accompanied by the lives of several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 “Northern Plains! Longevity Heaven!” Duke Long was extremely furious: “Despite being equally matched, the grand Heavenly Court has actually been forced to such a miserable state... Unforgivable!”


 Boom!


 Duke Long suddenly raised his arms, finally breaking the sphere that trapped him.


 But Calamity Luck Altar and Seven Extreme Desolation quickly responded, the three tussled continuously; the situation fell into a stalemate.


 “Quick, quick!”


 “Alright, the refinement path formation has finally been repaired.”


 “Yuan Qiong Du, it all depends on you now. We will protect you, and unless we die, no one will disturb this refinement path formation!!”


 Several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals called out as they defended four directions, forming a firm defensive line.


 Because Heavenly Court Gu Immortals defended selflessly, the refinement path formation was repaired and the defensive line was re-established.


 Bing Sai Chuan saw this and quickly got away from Duke Long, trying to destroy Heavenly Court.


 “Don’t even think about it!” Duke Long gave a loud shout as he used all his strength to hold back Calamity Luck Altar and Seven Extreme Desolation without any regards to his injuries.


 Bing Sai Chuan was unable to break free so he quickly mobilized his forces.


 The Northern Plains immortals attacked once again, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals suffered heavy casualties, but with Gu Immortals constantly awakening from the immortal graveyard and filling up the gaps, the defensive line instead became more firm than before.


 “Good, now is the time! Eh?!” Liu Liu Liu wanted to quietly sneak in, but his expression soon changed as his concealment was gone and his true body was revealed.


 A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, with a large amount of jade pearls floating around him, flew towards him with killing intent: “You are the one? The culprit who is stained with the blood of many of my Heavenly Court friends! Your crimes shall end here.”


 “Is that Senior Yu Zhu Zi...” Yuan Qiong Du who was just about to enter the formation saw this scene by chance and was extremely happy.


 In history, rank eight Gu Immortal Yu Zhu Zi was most proficient at exposing concealment. From the amount of jade pearls floating around him, he no doubt had most of his Immortal Gu. As such, Liu Liu Liu was restrained by him.


 “We can win! With so many Heavenly Court seniors here, we can definitely win!”


 “No, more accurately saying, victory will inevitably and naturally belong to my Heavenly Court!!”


 Yuan Qiong Du’s eyes flashed with resolution.


 He entered the Gu formation once again and had just taken control of it when he pleasantly discovered this refinement path formation was much superior than the previous one.


 “So that’s it.”


 “To restore fate Gu, our seniors have added in so many Immortal Gu...”


 Tears appeared in Yuan Qiong Du’s eyes.


 The more Immortal Gu used in this refinement path formation, the fewer Immortal Gu the Gu Immortals would have, they were more likely to die in the battlefield.


 This was their sacrifice!


 A willing sacrifice.


 “I need to continue repairing fate Gu!” Yuan Qiong Du sat cross-legged, his expression was tranquil, but a fire was burning in his heart.


 It was blazing!


 A deep memory surfaced within the fire.


 His master was standing before him: “Little Du, you are sleeping at the back of the mountain again. It is not good if you are so lazy all the time!”


 The young Yuan Qiong Du woke up with a resentful expression: “Master!”


 He mumbled and said angrily: “Master, why don’t you transfer me back? I like fire path, a true man should choose fire path!”


 “But Little Du, your talent in refinement path is extremely shocking, so master made you cultivate refinement path. In comparison, your fire path talent is too ordinary.”


 “But I like fire path, it looks so cool and awesome in fights.... As for refinement path, I have to constantly stay in a secret room and endlessly refine Gu. Not to mention there is high cost, Gu refinement fails frequently and all the effort will be wasted. More importantly, there is a huge danger in refining Gu just like in battle. Rather than dying from depression from refining Gu, I would rather use fire path and die grandly in the battlefield!”


 1His master sighed helplessly and said in a serious tone: “Little Du, you have to choose refinement path not because you like it but because it is your responsibility. Our refinement path faction really needs a genius like you to invigorate it! Don’t let your temperament get the better of you, Little Du. You are already a man, you should accept your responsibility, understood?”


 Young Yuan Qiong Du flung his head back indignantly: “Tsk, understood. If this is master’s order, I will obey it.”


 His master sighed again: “It is not an order, it is your responsibility. Moreover, cultivating refinement path is quite delightful as well, you will feel this delight one day. So, take on the responsibility and refine Gu happily.”


 “How can that ever happen?!”


 ...


 “The lazy me has never experienced a moment when such a heavy responsibility weighs down on my shoulders.”


 “Right.”


 “There is also another feeling — joy.”


 “Hehehehe, hahaha.” Yuan Qiong Du curled his lips up as he laughed in his head.


 Tears were overflowing on his face.


 “Master, I finally understand your words!”


 “Your disciple did not disappoint you in the end!”


 “There is simply no need to divert my attention to protect myself with these comrades here, I do not need to worry.”


 “Let’s make a push for it! When fate Gu is completely repaired, I will have completed my responsibility and will not have let down everyone’s expectations. After that... I shall happily embrace death.”


 Yuan Qiong Du smiled as he activated a forbidden move. Once this move was used, whether the Gu refinement succeeds or fails, his death would be certain.


 But so what if that was the case?


 Some things were much more important than an individual’s life!


 Hidden Dragon Cave battlefield.


 Four Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were surrounding Dragon Palace and attacking madly.


 The Four Dragon Generals were suppressed and could only rely on Dragon Palace to defend themselves.


 “It seems that becoming a dragonman is not without a cost!”


 “Come out, didn’t you want to trap us? Now, you are hiding inside the Immortal Gu House? A bunch of cowards!”


 “You really underestimated us.”


 Song Qi Yuan, Qing Yue An and the rest were furious as they activated powerful killer moves one after the other, firmly suppressing the other side.


 Even a kind person gets angry at times, let alone these four Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals. Duke Long’s scheme and the betrayal of Zhang Yin’s group thoroughly infuriated them, they erupted with an extremely powerful battle strength!


 When comparing the temperament of people in the five regions, Eastern Sea was the most gentle and compromising.


 But such an unmoving and calm sea also had the side of torrential waves and tsunamis.


 When Eastern Sea people were truly angered, their enemies would comprehend what terror truly was.


 Suddenly, the attacks of Song Qi Yuan’s group slowed down.


 “Someone is here!”


 “Who is it?”


 “It is clearly Heavenly Court’s reinforcements!”


 Song Qi Yuan’s group of four quickly changed their tactics, two continued to attack Dragon Palace while the other two flew out to fight off enemy reinforcements.


 “I can only send you all here.” An old Heavenly Court Gu Immortal smiled as his body turned into light specks and dissipated.


 His lifespan was exhausted.


 “Qin Song, you can go peacefully. It is our turn now!” These were a number of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals that were carefully chosen by Fairy Zi Wei.


 “Laughable, coming over so eagerly, you old timers want us to observe your deaths?” Hua Cai Yun and Shen Cong Sheng charged forward.


 “Eastern Sea scoundrels, don’t even dream about getting Dragon Palace!”


 “Old timer who has a leg in his coffin already, why don’t you just die obediently?!”


 Boom boom boom!


 Both sides fought immediately.


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 “Roar—!”


 Countless dragon roars resounded throughout the whole battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Ghost Sword Dragon!


 This compound killer move that comprised ancient sword dragon transformation, myriad self, yama child, emperor yama, and familiar face, was activated once again.


 “He is Fang Yuan!!”


 “Quick, protect the formation, we can’t let him succeed.”


 “Fang Yuan, you have such guts!”


 Fang Yuan sneered: “You want to stop me now? Too late!”


 Thanks to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attack that had attracted the attention of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was able to activate his killer move smoothly.


 Myriad ghost sword dragon was extraordinary, not only did it have huge power, it was also difficult to get rid of. After all, this move expended Fang Yuan’s soul path dao marks, it was similar to Wu Yong’s unlimited wind.


 The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation might be powerful but its inner core was still weak, after Fang Yuan’s countless ghost dragons wreaked havoc, it was already showing signs of collapsing.


 Fang Yuan turned into emperor yama, myriad dragons roared around him and his cold eyes looked at the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were helpless to do anything. The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation started to crumble at its core, from inside to outside.


 The formation’s collapse inflicted powerful backlash to the Central Continent Gu Immortals; without Fang Yuan having to attack, many were heavily injured and on the verge of dying.


 “Fang Yuan really succeeded.” Wu Yong mumbled with a complicated expression.


 “Quick, attack them!” Yao Huang shouted, his aged and listless attitude was gone as he led the charge heroically.


 “Let me deal with Prince Feng Xian, all of you leave.”


 Hairy Foot Mountain, the location of Infallible blessed land, was exposed.


 “You want to repair fate Gu, hmph, wishful thinking! Although it is a slight pity to destroy Infallible blessed land, let’s end this here.” Fang Yuan laughed malevolently as he pointed like an emperor, countless sword dragons charged down like his fearless soldiers!


 “With me here, don’t even think about it, Fang Yuan!” At the crucial moment, a figure appeared and blocked the countless ghost dragons.


 Rank eight fire path expert — Li Huang!


 Immortal killer move — Verdant Sun Flame Cloak!


 Countless ghost dragons were filled with drunkenness before they even neared and combusted spontaneously.


 “With me, Li Huang, here, none of you shall move forward!” Li Huang shouted.


 “Is that so... then I will let you have a taste of the consecutive move of myriad ghost sword dragon.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with cold light.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Fusion Ghost Dragon Sword!


 Within a few breaths of time, countless ghost dragons gathered into one, forming an enormous pitch-black dragon marked soul sword!


 1The soul sword floated in the air, its tip was pointing towards Li Huang but it did not move.


 Immortal killer move — Luo Po Seal!


 Fang Yuan struck the soul sword with Luo Po seal.


 At the next moment, the soul sword quickly stabbed forward.


 Li Huang hesitated for a moment, the soul sword’s speed was astonishing but he could still dodge with his speed.


 But right now, he could not dodge! He had to face it head-on!


 The soul sword quietly pierced through Li Huang.


 The flames subsided, Li Huang’s face became as pale as a dead man’s. His eyes were wide open in disbelief, his body collapsed like a kite with its string cut.


 “You dared to face the combined power of both my moves? It was a valiant effort but you could not be any more foolish.” Fang Yuan glanced indifferently.


 Li Huang was dead.



***
Chapter 1740 - Karma Relocation


***





 



 “Lord Li Huang!!!”


 “Oh heavens, how could this happen?”


 “Good job!”


 In Infallible blessed land battlefield, Li Huang’s corpse fell, shocking countless people.


 Fang Yuan laughed malevolently as he continued to charge towards Hairy Foot Mountain while projecting his icy voice throughout the whole battlefield: “Anyone who dares to block me will face this ending!”


 In an instant, his awe-inspiring demonic might shocked everyone, Central Continent’s morale fell greatly, a dark light flashed past Wu Yong’s eyes, while Yao Huang’s group was greatly stunned.


 Chu Du’s expression was slightly complicated. Back when Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation while rank six, he had fought with Fang Yuan.


 Who could have thought that in just a few years, Fang Yuan had already become a person whom he had to look up to!


 “Counting the first time I used myriad ghost sword dragon, this time’s myriad sword ghost dragon usage as well as myriad fusion ghost dragon sword, about ten thousand of my soul path dao marks have been expended!”


 Fang Yuan analyzed in his head.


 Myriad ghost sword dragon was powerful, but it permanently expended Fang Yuan’s soul path dao marks.


 One activation of myriad ghost sword dragon expended four thousand soul path dao marks. After killing Li Huang, Fang Yuan’s soul path dao marks had been shaved off by ten thousand.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan did not have so many soul path dao marks yet, he was substituting them with transformation path dao marks.


 In short, myriad fusion ghost dragon sword was a powerful move that could kill Li Huang who possessed verdant sun flame cloak, but the cost was extremely high as well.


 The significance of dao marks was obvious to a Gu Immortal.


 Permanently expending dao marks was directly reducing one’s foundation, it could not be used easily unless absolutely necessary.


 Moreover, this move had a flaw, the soul sword’s speed was not outstanding and could be dodged easily.


 Fang Yuan knew that Li Huang was protecting Hairy Foot Mountain and could not casually dodge the attack, so he used this move.


 “Hairy Foot Mountain...”


 Looking at Hairy Foot Mountain that was getting closer in his vision, Fang Yuan gave a moved sigh.


 Who could have thought the majestic and renowned Infallible blessed land would be on Hairy Foot Mountain. From the outside, this mountain was extremely ordinary, it was like an inconspicuous hill.


 But in truth, it was one of the most important areas to Heavenly Court in order to repair fate Gu, and now had become an area to determine victory or defeat in this arduous battle.


 “Fang Yuan!!” At the next moment, another figure appeared and blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


 It was Chen Yi!


 “Wu Yong did not kill you, then let me end your life instead.” Fang Yuan called out as he prepared myriad fusion ghost dragon sword once again.


 Chen Yi’s face turned solemn.


 Even Li Huang had perished, he did not have any confidence in facing myriad fusion ghost dragon sword.


 “Hmm? This is!” At the crucial moment, Chen Yi suddenly felt his chest burning as if a hot iron was pressed on his flesh.


 A powerful and mysterious force circulated and permeated his body.


 Following the surging of this strength, Chen Yi’s clothes were ripped apart, revealing his chest.


 There was a painting on his chest, the painting of a tall tree wavering in the wind!


 “Ahhh!” Chen Yi cried out in shock: “Isn’t this painting the one which was engraved on my body when I inherited Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance many years ago?”


 At the same time, information was directly transmitted to his mind.


 “This is Lord Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangement!”


 Chen Yi was surprised and happy, he quickly activated the strongest ability according to this information.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 Immediately, green smoke rose from Chen Yi’s body.


 The smoke gathered six feet above his head, gradually slowing down to a stop and circulating within itself, forming into the shape of a tree.


 The tree was thick and sturdy with dense amounts of branches and lush leaves, and there were dozens of fruits hanging on it. But these fruits were very weird, they were in all kinds of shapes, colors and sizes. Some were like black peaches, some were pink but large like a basin, some had spikes on them, some had transparent skin, the flesh and core could be seen from the outside.


 Karma divine tree formed quickly and the power within the painting transferred to karma divine tree.


 Chen Yi seemed to have heard Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s voice: “Look closely, this is the consecutive move built upon karma divine tree — Karma Relocation!”


 The killer move activated, as if intense winds were blowing, the green smoke flickered as karma divine tree started to sway and dance in the wind.


 Myriad fusion ghost dragon sword attacked like a meteoric thunderbolt.


 But just when it neared karma divine tree, with a whoosh, myriad fusion ghost dragon sword suddenly disappeared.


 “What?!” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 At that instant, he sensed that his connection to his killer move myriad fusion ghost dragon sword became negligible, as if myriad fusion ghost dragon sword was suddenly worlds apart from him!


 “What method is this? It seems like instant transportation?” Fang Yuan immediately narrowed his eyes as sharp light flashed past them.


 The connection between immortal killer moves and Gu Immortals had a certain limit in range. When it surpassed this limit, the immortal killer move would usually break apart.


 Fang Yuan’s myriad fusion ghost dragon sword was based on the killer move myriad ghost sword dragon and carried the trait of enslavement path, thus he could still maintain a trace of connection even if it was teleported over ten thousand li away.


 But this connection was extremely faint, if it surpassed this distance even a little, the killer move would collapse by itself.


 If that happened, Fang Yuan would suffer the backlash of killer move failure.


 Myriad fusion ghost dragon sword was so powerful, its backlash absolutely would not be weak and would definitely make him cough out blood.


 “It can forcibly teleport killer moves?” Wu Yong obtained the information from Fang Yuan: “Then let me see how you deal with my farewell friend wind.”


 Wu Yong sneered.


 His figure appeared behind Chen Yi.


 Immortal killer move — Farewell Friend Wind!


 But Wu Yong had just touched Chen Yi’s shoulder when his vision changed.


 In an instant, he was teleported away from Infallible blessed land, returning to Southern Border.


 “This?!” Wu Yong was dumbfounded as he stood at the peak of the mountain.


 Soon afterwards, he came to his senses, his face was extremely dark as he quickly sent the information.


 “Even rank eight Gu Immortals can be forcibly sent away?!”


 “What killer move is this?”


 “Karma divine tree still had such a mysterious ability?”


 The Southern Border and Northern Plains immortals were shaken while Central Continent’s morale rose again.


 “We will continue defending like this!” Chen Yi was exulted but Fang Yuan’s voice made him solemn once more.


 Fang Yuan shouted: “I found it! His teleportation ability seems to be unstoppable but there is a limit in the amount of times he can use it. Because after using it twice, two fruits were consumed!”


 “It was discovered so quickly?” Chen Yi smiled bitterly.


 “Let me try!” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu flew over, his body shook slightly as he split into countless clones and charged forward like a giant wave.


 This was a classic enslavement path battle tactic, a battle of attrition style.


 Karma divine tree swayed with the wind, a fruit suddenly disappeared.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body disappeared, Fang Yuan’s group received his message shortly afterwards — he was teleported to Eastern Sea!


 The immortals were in a clamor.


 Fang Yuan sank into deep thought: ‘This time, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body was directly teleported away, the enslavement path battle tactic has failed. According to conventional reasoning, shouldn’t it be teleporting each clone? It actually directly affected the main body?!”


 This time, Yao Huang’s group charged over.


 “Slow down, Brother Chu, you guys attack first.” Fang Yuan instructed.


 Chu Du attacked, he used a long range attack on Chen Yi but he quickly disappeared on the spot.


 He was teleported back to Northern Plains, ending up in the northern icy plain.


 Moreover because the distance was too long, he lost connection with the killer move he used, the killer move broke apart and he suffered the backlash.


 Several people attacked next but they were all teleported away.


 Fang Yuan suddenly came to a realization: “It seems that my main body is not influenced by this killer move because I am a complete otherworldly demon?”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan started a fierce wave of offense.


 However, karma divine tree might be unable to influence him but it could affect his killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s methods were all teleported away, the range was either far or short, some were teleported to some place in Central Continent, some were sent to other four regions, and some were even teleported to black heaven and white heaven.


 Naturally, Chen Yi also did not have a good time.


 It did not take long before he began to bleed from his seven orifices and his face was getting increasingly pale.


 The burden to sustain such a wondrous killer move was clearly huge.


 “Damn it, Hairy Foot Mountain is clearly in front of us, but because of Chen Yi alone...” Yao Huang clenched his teeth in helplessness.


 Qing Ye and the rest quickly arrived and fought against the Northern Plains and Southern Border immortals.


 Fang Yuan dodged the attack of Wind Sweeping Building and sent many myriad ghost sword dragons to attack Chen Yi.


 Karma divine tree was constantly shaking, countless myriad ghost sword dragons disappeared, teleported to random locations.


 It was okay for those that were teleported nearby, but those that were teleported far away broke apart immediately, inflicting backlash on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt that this situation was troublesome!


 “Weak killer moves cannot expend karma divine tree’s fruits even if they are teleported away. A strong killer move can expend one fruit but if it is teleported beyond the distance I can control, I will have to endure the backlash and might even be heavily injured if I am unlucky.”


 Fang Yuan did not dare to use myriad fusion ghost dragon sword.


 He currently did not have winter coat or reverse flow protection seal to rely on, his defensive methods were weaker than Li Huang’s. If myriad fusion ghost dragon sword failed, he would be in great trouble from the backlash.


 Fang Yuan’s luck was quite good as the previous myriad fusion ghost dragon sword did not inflict backlash on him.


 “What do I do now?” Fang Yuan was anxious.


 Bing Sai Chuan had been transmitting the situation in Heavenly Court to him, Fang Yuan knew that the repair of fate Gu had started again.


 “This is a wood path method, I don’t have much attainment in this path and won’t be able to decipher it within a short period of time.”


 “Looks like I can only use a crude method, we will compete in a battle of attrition! Bai Ning Bing, you all can go ahead and fight now!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined sharply as he sent the command resolutely.


 Bai Ning Bing and other rank seven Gu Immortals charged towards Hairy Foot Mountain.


 Karma divine tree activated, every time it teleported a rank seven Gu Immortal, a fruit was expended.


 “Fang Yuan actually found the best countermeasure so quickly.” Chen Yi felt anxious, his eyes were filled with blood and he was in a very weak condition.


 A large number of rank seven Gu Immortals were teleported away, finally, karma divine tree’s fruits were all spent.


 Karma divine tree without any fruits faded away with the wind.


 Chen Yi lowered his head, his aura had fallen to an extreme point of weakness.


 “You dare to block my way, die!” Fang Yuan charged fiercely.



***
Chapter 1741 - War Banner of Humanity!


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s charge was fatally ferocious and he was using myriad fusion ghost dragon sword, which raised his demonic might to another level.


 Chen Yi looked at the sky as Fang Yuan approached with such momentum, his entire body shivered as he felt like the sky itself was falling towards him, it was unstoppable and unavoidable!


 “In that case, there is no need to block it or evade it.” Chen Yi who was already a spent force, had his chest standing firm as he faced his death nonchalantly.


 “Lord Chen Yi!” Bai Cang Shui and other Gu Immortals shouted, wanting to come over to rescue him.


 But Chi Qu You, Yi Hao Fang and others followed behind Fang Yuan and quickly blocked these reinforcements.


 The enormous soul sword pierced through Chen Yi’s body and struck Hairy Foot Mountain with its remaining force.


 At the next moment, Hairy Foot Mountain disintegrated while Chen Yi’s corpse fell powerlessly.


 “Chen Yi is also dead!” The Southern Border and Northern Plains immortals were shaken.


 Fang Yuan had successively killed two Heavenly Court experts, his demonic might was now ingrained in people’s minds.


 However.


 “Hairy Foot Mountain is destroyed but Infallible blessed land is still standing!” Fang Yuan frowned as he looked at the pile of mountain rubble under him.


 Heavenly Court had detected the precise location of Infallible blessed land but had never invaded it in their countless years of existence, instead they used human path methods to borrow the strength of Infallible blessed land and draw out success dao marks.


 At this urgent moment, Fang Yuan was unable to damage Infallible blessed land, let alone destroy it.


 Not long after Chen Yi died, another Gu Immortal died in Heavenly Court as well.


 Yuan Qiong Du!


 He was sitting cross-legged on the ground, dying with a smile on his face.


 Following his death, Heaven Overseeing Tower’s peak began to let out a vigorous aura.


 “This is a rank nine Immortal Gu’s aura.”


 “Fate Gu!!”


 “Fried Yuan Qiong Du sacrificed himself...”


 “Does this mean?!”


 This aura’s appearance froze the whole of the Heavenly Court battlefield. Longevity Heaven’s members’ expression changed greatly while the Heavenly Court immortals’ eyes shined brightly and their faces were filled with joy.


 “Damn it! We failed?” Bing Sai Chuan clenched his teeth: “Retreat!”


 Seven Extreme Desolation remained behind as Calamity Luck Altar began to retreat.


 “What’s going on? Why do I have this feeling of emptiness?” In Infallible blessed land battlefield, Fang Yuan immediately felt something.


 “Hahaha!” Duke Long laughed heartily, he did not obstruct Calamity Luck Altar.


 He arrived inside Heaven Overseeing Tower and moved to the peak.


 “Fate Gu, fate Gu...” Duke Long mumbled as tears flowed down his eyes.


 He was too happy, too excited.


 He was personally looking at a complete fate Gu right in front of his very eyes!


 Many years of anticipation and desire, many years of longing had finally come to fruition at this moment!


 The meaning behind repairing fate Gu was much more important and complicated to Duke Long than the other Heavenly Court members.


 Because back then, it was his own disciple who had injured fate Gu!


 “Hong Ting, master has atoned for your mistake. I did not let down Heavenly Court, I did not let down humanity! Hahaha, hahaha!”


 Duke Long’s loud voice resounded in Heavenly Court from the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower — “After over a million years! Heavenly Court has regained a complete rank nine fate Gu once again!”


 Swoosh!


 At the next moment, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals shouted in joy, some were red from their excitement, some cried, and some passed away in full satisfaction.


 Heavenly Court’s morale surged to an extreme point, while Longevity Heaven’s Bing Sai Chuan and others were pale as they quickly retreated.


 The die was cast!


 There was nothing they could do now!


 Longevity Heaven was decisive in invading Heavenly Court and was also decisive in retreating.


 Over three million years ago.


 Central Continent, Qi Breath Peak.


 This peak was not a mountain, or more accurately speaking, it was only a mountain peak.


 The peak contained a dense amount of qi path dao marks, it was extremely mystical. The peak could breathe out air just like the breathing of a human.


 Every few decades or centuries, it would fly away and move to other places, continuing to breathe different air and then continuing this cycle.


 Qi Breath Peaks were few in number, most had owners, and so did this Qi Breath Peak.


 Its owner was Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, but right now, he was only a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Gu Immortal Primordial Origin was cultivating in Qi Breath Peak, using the ability of Qi Breath Peak to breathe in different kinds of qi and comprehend the profundities of qi path.


 On this day, he slowly opened his eyes within a secret cave.


 A mortal Gu Master had barged into his Qi Breath Peak.


 He was slightly surprised.


 He was a person who fully concentrated on cultivation, he was free and unrestrained. He only wanted to comprehend the Great Dao and did not want to be disturbed by external affairs. Thus, he had set up many arrangements not only on Qi Breath Peak but also around the surrounding mountains.


 Not to mention mortal Gu Masters, even if many Gu Immortals came here, they might not be able to find his existence. They might even turn a blind eye to the mystical Qi Breath Peak.


 “A mortal Gu Master has actually barged in today... interesting, interesting.”


 Primordial Origin felt interested and appeared in front of this Gu Master. But before he even spoke, that mortal Gu Master kowtowed: “Gu Master Yu Ji pays respects to Immortal Primordial Origin!”


 “Oh? You actually know my name? Speak, who instructed you and helped you to pass through my obstacles with just a Gu Master’s ability?” Primordial Origin immediately turned solemn.


 How could a mortal Gu Master possess such an ability, he firmly believed that there was definitely a Gu Immortal helping the Gu Master.


 But Gu Master Yu Ji shook his head: “Immortal Primordial Origin, I did not receive any Gu Immortal’s help, but relied on the guidance of fate Gu.”


 “Fate Gu? Hmph, don’t talk nonsense. This Gu is a rank nine Gu, it is protected in the Rockman Imperial Court and is watched by multiple rank eight rockman Gu Immortals all year round, you...” Primordial Origin had yet to finish speaking when his eyes suddenly opened wide.


 The mortal Gu Master Yu Ji presented a Gu worm with both hands.


 Rank nine aura overflowed, what else could it be but fate Gu?


 Primordial Origin was instantly taken aback, his tranquil heart was greatly disturbed. He forced himself to remain calm: “Yu Ji, stand up, how did you steal this fate Gu and how did you bring this Gu here from such a faraway place?”


 “Also, you said you received fate Gu’s guidance? But according to what I know, no Gu Immortal can use fate Gu, only the Heavenly Dao can use this Gu. How can you have the ability to use fate Gu?”


 Yu Ji spoke in detail: “I am a slave of the beloved grandson of the first supreme elder in the rockman tribe. I had been secretly working in place of master to clean the Rockman Sacred Hall and maintain the cleanliness of fate Gu’s surroundings. I forgot which day it was, but I discovered that as long as I got near to fate Gu, I could sense fate’s arrangements and the path of every living being’s life.”


 “I received fate Gu’s guidance like this and learned of many future events and also realized my mission. Afterwards, when featherman Gu Immortals infiltrated Rockman Sacred Hall and were discovered, I took fate Gu away amidst the chaos, I escaped using a hidden tunnel in the Rockman Sacred Hall.”


 “I had fate Gu but it restrained its aura by its own will. Although there were many dangers in my journey, be they Gu Immortals or any methods that obstructed me, I had ample time to prepare and successfully escape after receiving fate Gu’s premonitions. Thus, there were dangerous situations in my journey but never fatal threats, eventually, I made my way here.”


 Primordial Origin could not help but evaluate Gu Master Yu Ji internally after hearing all this.


 Yu Ji spoke lightly but looking at his scars, it was clear he had faced a lot of difficulties and suffering on this journey.


 “You don’t need to be modest, although you had the help of fate Gu, it is your bravery and planning that allowed you to achieve all these as a mortal Gu Master!” Primordial Origin praised, his expression became warm.


 He asked again: “So why did you steal fate Gu and travel so far to bring it to me?”


 Yu Ji said: “It was not I who stole fate Gu but fate Gu itself wanted to be brought to you. Lord immortal, you are fate Gu’s master, I have already seen it through fate Gu. Not only this, lord immortal, you are... hmm, you should experience this personally.”


 Yu Ji then lowered his head while raising his hands, offering fate Gu to Primordial Origin.


 Primordial Origin was not fully convinced, but the moment he held fate Gu, countless images flashed past his eyes and endless information was transmitted to his mind.


 He immediately understood, everything was clear now!


 “So it was not Yu Ji who could use fate Gu, but fate Gu itself let him see the changes in the world and the path of all beings’ lives.”


 “According to fate, variant human races, who have been dominating the five regions, will decline. Humanity will replace them to become the leading figures of the world, we will trample on every variant human race and become the new overlord of the world!”


 “Humanity will reign supreme!”


 “And myself, as well as this Gu Master Yu Ji, will lead the rise of the human race, we will be the crucial characters to take on the challenges of variant human experts and suppress the situation.”


 After understanding everything, Primordial Origin was shaken as well as happy.


 He could not help but feel happiness!


 Because he was a member of the human race.


 Although he had become a Gu Immortal, the status of humans was very low. Most humans were slaves sold and bought wantonly by variant humans, they were humiliated and oppressed.


 Not only human mortals and Gu Masters, even human Gu Immortals had low status in the Gu Immortal world. Many human Gu Immortals were even slaves of variant humans!


 Human Gu Immortals like Primordial Origin who lived freely might be besieged by many variant human Gu Immortals any day. If they were unlucky enough to be taken as a prisoner, they might become slaves of the variant humans!


 “I really wanted to resist them but even after becoming a rank seven Gu Immortal, I cannot match the battle strength of many variant human Gu Immortals. That’s why I had been cultivating endlessly and wanted to create a path that belonged solely to us humans.”


 “Now that fate Gu has shown me the way, the future belongs to us humans. I will even become the leader of the human Gu Immortals in the future, I will create qi path and lead humanity to prosperity!”


 “Humanity will reign supreme!”


 “This is heaven’s will! This is the trend of the future! This is the heart of the people!”


 Primordial Origin was extremely excited as he laughed loudly while holding fate Gu.


 He was so happy that tears fell.


 Yu Ji also grinned happily, he was also a human after all.


 Humanity had been oppressed and suffered under the hands of variant human races for too long!


 After taking a long breath, Primordial Origin calmed his feelings and took a deep look at fate Gu: “Yu Ji, you are a hero of our human race! A great hero!”


 “You brought fate Gu to me, even though we cannot activate it at will, this is the greatest banner we can hold. I won’t hide it from you, I already had thoughts of resisting the variant humans, but there are too few of us human Gu Immortals, and even more troubling is that many human Gu Immortals are slaves, they are treated like ants with not even a bit of respect and they also do not dare to offend their masters. Because they know how tiny they are when compared to the variant humans, they know how weak we humans are!”


 “But now, with this fate Gu, we can show the world, we can let every human Gu Immortal know — The future belongs to us, humanity will reign supreme!!”


 “Fate Gu will summon their lost courage, ignite their hope, and spur on their fighting spirit to resist! Moreover, we can unite all of the humans with this.”


 “This is a banner!”


 “This is the war banner of humanity to rise and rule the world!”



***
Chapter 1742 - Fate Vanquish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Duke Long softly caressed fate Gu with tears silently flowing down his face.


 1Fate Gu looked like a spider, colored in black and white. Its aura had been weak, there was a scarlet wound on its body that almost cut it in two. This was the injury caused by Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 But now!


 The scarlet wound was gone without a trace, the complete and intact fate Gu was lying down quietly with a vigorous aura.


 Life or death is decreed by fate, success or failure is up to heaven!


 All things in the world followed their own fixed trail which could not be changed.


 This was fate.


 Fate Gu was a representation of many things in Heavenly Court.


 Relying on fate Gu, they changed the hearts of the people, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable led humanity to rise up, he established Heavenly Court!


 Relying on fate Gu, Star Constellation made arrangements and Heavenly Court resisted three Demon Venerables!


 Relying on fate Gu, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable inherited his predecessors’ ambitions and progressed, Heavenly Court continued to hold onto the throne of the number one Gu Immortal force in the world!


 Fate Gu was not just a rank nine Gu to Heavenly Court, it was the spirit and banner that had always throbbed in the hearts of countless generations of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals!


 “So many years, after so many years...” Duke Long mumbled.


 2The turbulent waves in his heart gradually calmed down.


 Duke Long’s body no longer trembled from agitation, as if he was released from a heavy burden.


 Indeed, he felt released from a heavy burden!


 Differing from most Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, repairing fate Gu had much deeper meaning to Duke Long.


 Because the one who injured fate Gu was none other than his proudest disciple!


 In other words, he was one of the culprits who injured fate Gu!


 All these years, Duke Long blamed himself for this. To repair fate Gu and repent for his sins, he did not hesitate in sacrificing his own life by activating heavenly dragon’s last stand.


 Even when he was hibernating, he had been uneasy and terrified.


 “Can I really succeed in repairing fate Gu?”


 “I must succeed in repairing it, I must!”


 “Otherwise, how can I face the other two dukes, how can I face the common people, how can I face the later generations of Heavenly Court members, how I face the whole of humanity?!”


 This was the voice that lingered in Duke Long’s mind every day.


 And now, he had finally accomplished it!


 “It was not just because of me, this was the accomplishment of all my comrades! All our sacrifices were worth it.” Duke Long smiled in satisfaction.


 Right now, his hair was disheveled and his dragon horns were already broken, his whole body was bathed in blood.


 His injuries were extremely severe but the more terrifying thing was that his lifespan was at its end.


 He was about to die completely without leaving behind even a trace of his soul.


 At the final moment of his life, although it was not his most blissful moment, it was absolutely his most free and relaxed moment.


 So naturally, he felt fatigue.


 Tired.


 Too tired.


 Both his body and mind were exhausted.


 The torment and burden he had endured all these years was entirely let go of, the intense battle as well as his injuries made him extremely tired.


 “I really want to rest well.” Duke Long’s breathing slowed down, his dragon eyes were like the sea which contained incomparably complex and profound emotions.


 He slowly took back his hand and gave one last look at fate Gu before slowly turning around.


 His gaze moved past Heaven Overseeing Tower and swept through the battlefield.


 Although the battle was still going on intensely, Calamity Luck Altar had already retreated far away.


 “It is time to end everything, this battle...” Duke Long took a deep breath and spoke loudly, his voice spreading throughout the whole Heavenly Court: “Longevity Heaven, you want to leave so easily? Hehe, aren’t you too naive in thinking so?”


 Duke Long controlled Heaven Overseeing Tower to fly into the air.


 This Immortal Gu House which was renowned throughout the world had returned to being a genuine rank nine Immortal Gu House now!


 Under Heavenly Court immortals’ gaze, Heaven Overseeing Tower began to let out dazzling light, as if a deity had descended upon the battlefield.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 It monitored the world, followed the will of heaven and upheld justice for heaven!


 “This is the true Heaven Overseeing Tower!”


 “It has been so long, it has finally reappeared....”


 “I am really fortunate, I could see such a scene in my final moments.”


 Countless gazes of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals turned blurry, many of them were at the end of their lives but they had satisfied smiles on their faces.


 “Retreat—!” Bing Sai Chuan’s voice was so loud that it turned hoarse.


 Even the valiant Longevity Heaven looked scared right now as they retreated.


 “It is pointless.” Duke Long said softly from inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, his squinted eyes shined with a trace of pride.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower suddenly let out an intense light!


 Immortal killer move — Fate Vanquish.


 Light.


 Light was everywhere.


 White light.


 Filling the world from all directions.


 This was a true rank nine killer move!


 An attack decreed by fate that could not be dodge no matter which method was used.


 If fate wants you to lose, you will lose no matter what.


 This was an unavoidable attack.


 Light dispersed, the Heavenly Court immortals were all standing proudly in the battlefield, while the many past experts of Northern Plains looked shaken or in disbelief, some had bitter smiles as they disintegrated.


 The phantom River of Time also slowly disappeared.


 Calamity Luck Altar was in a highly ruined state, like a mortal hut that had suffered from a hurricane.


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan, Bull Demon, and Five Elements Grandmaster were heavily injured and coughed out mouthfuls of blood.


 “Leave.” Bing Sai Chuan gasped as he controlled the half-damaged Calamity Luck Altar.


 Yellow light shined once again in the air, this was a backup plan prepared by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable; it paved out a road to retreat.


 Calamity Luck Altar entered the yellow light successfully.


 “You want to leave?”


 “Where can you escape to!”


 Heavenly Court immortals charged together.


 “Leave quickly!” Mao Li Qiu clenched its teeth, it forcibly stood up with its dying body and blocked Heavenly Court’s immortals with a resolute expression.


 “Everyone, please step back.” Duke Long sent out the command.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals were surprised.


 Fairy Zi Wei: “Lord Duke Long?”


 Duke Long sighed: “Preserve some foundation for Heavenly Court.”


 The immortals were silent.


 Heavenly Court had suffered a disastrous loss in this battle.


 It was truly a huge ordeal.


 As a result of lacking Immortal Gu, many rank eight Gu Immortals had to use their own bodies to block Longevity Heaven’s attacks, as such, many were sacrificed.


 In Heavenly Court’s situation, because of the immortal graveyard, they had many rank eight Gu Immortals but insufficient Immortal Gu!


 Duke Long still remembered how Star Constellation’s will had appeared and specially instructed him to have many rank eight Gu Immortals in hibernation. There undoubtedly were deeper reasons behind this, but in this battle, too many rank eight Gu Immortals had awakened in Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard and many of them were sacrificed.


 Not only were there no new rank eight Gu Immortals in hibernation, it instead caused them to lose many existing ones.


 Although fate Gu was successfully restored, Duke Long still felt uneasy because of this.


 “Heavenly Court has now completely restored rank nine fate Gu, including myself, who can go against us? Even if it is a rank nine venerable method, I can fight against it using Heaven Overseeing Tower. Everyone, please return to the immortal graveyard, I will call for you if the need arises.” Duke Long urged.


 “Since it is so...”


 “Alright, with fate Gu and Lord Duke Long here, which enemy can stop us?”


 “Then let’s go back to hibernating.”


 Most of the Gu Immortals returned to the immortal graveyard, but few remained. These people were already at the end of their lifespan like Duke Long, there was not much meaning for them to hibernate again.


 Duke Long left behind Fairy Zi Wei and others to clean up the battlefield and guard Heavenly Court, while he led a small group to chase after Longevity Heaven with Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Calamity Luck Altar brought the defeated forces of Longevity Heaven and escaped Heavenly Court, but so what?


 Their speed could never compare to Heaven Overseeing Tower’s, and furthermore, they were in Central Continent.


 Duke Long wanted to retain these people, whether it be killing them or taking them as prisoners, both would showcase the awe-inspiring might of Heavenly Court and let the other four regions’ Gu Immortals understand the price for offending Heavenly Court!


 “What? Longevity Heaven is retreating in defeat, Heavenly Court repaired fate Gu completely?!”


 “Sigh, this battle is our defeat, let’s retreat.”


 “Escape! Heaven Overseeing Tower with fate Gu is the number one Immortal Gu House in the current world!”


 “Be it Duke Long or Heaven Overseeing Tower, we are not their match.”


 After getting this news, the battle situation in Infallible blessed land immediately underwent a complete change.


 Southern Border and Northern Plains immortals had the intentions to retreat, even Fang Yuan was the same.


 He felt a huge pity regarding this but he could do nothing about it.


 Except, he could not imagine that at the next moment, he saw the arrival of the devastated Calamity Luck Altar as well as the Heavenly Court forces chasing them closely.


 For some reason, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had created the retreat route for Longevity Heaven above Hairy Foot Mountain and it had not been discovered by anyone.


 “Good, then I will take you all out at once!” Duke Long laughed heartily.



***
Chapter 1743 - Final Chance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It is already too late to retreat now. Everyone, please cooperate to counterattack Heavenly Court! They have already used fate vanquish once, they won’t be able to use it again in a short period of time. This is our final chance!” Bing Sai Chuan shouted.


 The Gu Immortals immediately reacted as they charged forward with clenched teeth.


 Bing Sai Chuan was right, Heaven Overseeing Tower was extremely fast, they would not be able to escape.


 Naturally, it was not that some did not think of using other Gu Immortals to stall for time while they escaped.


 But the crucial thing was Central Continent was too large while they were now deep in Central Continent, even if each of them escaped in different directions, Heaven Overseeing Tower had enough time to eradicate them.


 Every Southern Border and Northern Plains immortal was in a desperate situation and could only stay and fight.


 This battle turned all the surroundings into a dark and gloomy state.


 The Northern Plains and Southern Border immortals knew how perilous their situation was, none of them held back and used everything they had to fight back.


 Heavenly Court’s pursuing group had chased with overwhelming momentum, but after contacting the allied forces of Southern Border and Northern Plains, facing their counterattack, they instead fell into disadvantage.


 “Fairy Zi Wei, has the news of fate Gu’s restoration been announced to the world?” Duke Long sat inside Heaven Overseeing Tower and contacted Fairy Zi Wei.


 Shortly afterwards, Fairy Zi Wei responded: “The news has already been disseminated in treasure yellow heaven, not only this, Lord Duke Long, your current battle scenes are being broadcasted everywhere through human path methods.”


 Since rank nine fate Gu was restored completely, Heavenly Court naturally was going to publicize this news to raise their side’s morale and intimidate their enemies.


 With this, Heavenly Court could gain the support of the people, even directly persuading those Gu Immortals who were still making chaos and plundering resources in Central Continent to retreat.


 Duke Long’s previous command had only been to spread the news of fate Gu. But Fairy Zi Wei took it a step further and was broadcasting the battle in Infallible blessed land.


 In an instant, countless mortals, Gu Masters, and Gu Immortals learned of the battle.


 Heavenly Court’s action showed their confidence in winning!


 It was also quite clear that Heavenly Court, possessing rank nine fate Gu, had huge dominance in the battlefield.


 Fairy Zi Wei wanted to take this chance to showcase Heavenly Court’s battle strength by capturing all these elites of Southern Border and Northern Plains in one fell swoop, to raise the prestige of Central Continent and Heavenly Court to an all-time peak!


 Duke Long understood Fairy Zi Wei’s thoughts but he frowned lightly.


 “These Southern and Northern immortals are in a perilous situation, they are like cornered beasts with the will of dying soldiers, that caused our side to be at a disadvantage. Although this is only temporary...”


 Duke Long realized Fairy Zi Wei’s deeper intentions, although it was slightly abrupt, since she had already done it, he had to actively cooperate.


 They had to showcase Heavenly Court’s power to the greatest extent, this would not only announce the news of fate Gu’s successful restoration, it would also display powerful strength that could cause others to shake in fear and not dare to oppose Heavenly Court.


 The other four regions had intervened in this Refinement Path Convention. They wreaked havoc in Central Continent and plundered cultivation resources, greatly harming Heavenly Court’s prestige.


 Now, to raise their prestige again, Heavenly Court had to display absolute strength by dealing with all these Southern and Northern immortals. They would gain the people’s support and make the other four regions fearful of offending them again.


 Fate vanquish was no doubt the best choice.


 It was a rank nine killer move and because fate Gu was restored completely, its might was even more terrifying and absolute.


 But fate vanquish could not be activated frequently and needed some time to be used again.


 “Looks like I have to make a move personally. Otherwise, with this battle being broadcasted everywhere and Heavenly Court immortals being suppressed, our performance would not look good.”


 Duke Long arranged for several Gu Immortals to take control of Heaven Overseeing Tower while he personally floated out.


 “Duke Long has come out, be extremely careful of him!” Bing Sai Chuan was deeply aware of Duke Long’s terrifying power, quickly reminding the others.


 “We will attack together!” Yao Huang shouted, Fang Yuan and others quickly responded.


 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and other Immortal Gu Houses protected these rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Duke Long had just come out when he was besieged by Fang Yuan and the rest’s joint attacks.


 Several rank eight killer moves were unleashed, shocking the world with their might.


 “Be careful!”


 “Despicable!”


 “Dodge it!”


 All over Central Continent, especially in the ten great ancient sects, a large number of Gu Immortals shouted in shock.


 They saw Duke Long being besieged through the video scenes, they were worried and furious.


 Bam bam bam...


 Loud explosions resounded again and again, causing dust clouds to appear everywhere.


 Inside the dust clouds, Duke Long’s giant body, however, remained unmoved.


 The nine phantom dragons around his body opened their mouths and breathed out strong wind, instantly dispersing the dust clouds.


 Duke Long was still hovering at the same place with a calm expression.


 His dragon pupils glanced around him indifferently: “Are you trying to scratch my itch with these tricks?”


 “Strong! So strong!” Yao Huang and the rest who had fought Duke Long for the first time felt their heart shaken, despite them having already received first hand information about the battle in Heavenly Court.


 Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, his eyes slightly dazed: “He is several times stronger than before! We don’t have Seven Extreme Desolation now, we can’t be his match with just the half-ruined Calamity Luck Altar. What should I do?”


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Ghost Sword Dragon!


 Immortal killer move — Centipede Scar!


 Fang Yuan and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sent out their killer moves at the same time. On one side, sword qi rampaged and ghost dragons filled the sky, on the other side, countless grayish centipedes flew, seemingly illusion and seemingly real.


 The two killer moves drowned Duke Long from all directions.


 Countless viewers in Central Continent let out a cry of shock, feeling worried for Duke Long.


 From amidst the sea of dragons and centipedes, Duke Long’s carefree voice sounded out: “Good moves... but they are not enough!”


 Immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


 Boom!


 A huge explosion rose a terrifying wave in the sea of dragons and centipedes.


 Qi current scissors flew everywhere, cutting apart dragons like paper. The centipedes were in an even more miserable state, they were smashed into fragments that scattered in the air.


 Seeing Duke Long safe and sound, the whole of Central Continent rejoiced.


 “Mother, that dragon-horned person is our Central Continent’s immortal?”


 “Duke Long, he is the master of the legendary Red Lotus Demon Venerable! He has such overwhelming strength.”


 “Heavenly Court has made its move, it is better for me to retreat.”


 “I have already plundered many resources, I should leave here before deciding anything else.”


 Just like Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei predicted, the invading Gu Immortals began to retreat. Central Continent’s morale soared continuously, everyone’s hearts had merged together.


 “Our attrition battle tactic was completely ineffective.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s face was ashen.


 “It’s my turn now.” Duke Long said lightly, dragon-shaped qi suddenly flashed and he vanished on the spot.


 “So fast!”


 “Where did he go?”


 Yi Hao Fang’s mind suddenly let out intense warning signals, he quickly raised his head and saw Duke Long above him.


 1Dragon claws smashed down, Yi Hao Fang only had the time to raise his hands to block them.


 Boom!


 Yi Hao Fang was sent crashing down from the height of five hundred feet, he created a huge pit on the ground.


 Guh.


 Yi Hao Fang’s expression was filled with terror as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 The strike just now had not only broken his defense, it had even inflicted heavy injuries upon him.


 Dragon-shaped qi flashed and Duke Long appeared before Yi Hao Fang once again.


 But immediately afterwards, Five Elements Grandmaster and Chi Qu You appeared on the left and right of Duke Long.


 Although they could not see Duke Long’s image and keep up with his speed, they had plentiful battle experiences and had calculated Duke Long would continue attacking Yi Hao Fang.


 After all, as the saying goes, injuring all ten of a man’s fingers was not as crippling as chopping one off.


 “Duke Long, you fell for it!”


 “You can stay trapped here!”


 Two great formation path Gu Immortals, one southern and one northern, laid out a formation instantly.


 “A tiny formation dares to trap me?” Duke Long scoffed, his large body shook as he let out his strength.


 The formation shattered like glass, Chi Qu You and Five Elements Grandmaster both let out a muffled grunt from the backlash.


 But Duke Long was also stopped for a moment and missed the chance to kill Yi Hao Fang.


 Yi Hao Fang had already left the pit and was healing himself while feeling icy cold inside.


 Duke Long’s power was beyond imagination.


 Yi Hao Fang was a famous rank eight expert of the present age Southern Border, he was actually almost killed by Duke Long in less than three moves.


 “Such power, probably only a venerable can suppress him.”


 “Be it defense, offense, or movement, Duke Long is superior in every aspect. Even if we besiege him, he can still retaliate with ease.”


 “Who can stop such a person?!”


 All the Southern and Northern immortals were shaking in fear and many more were at a loss.


 Duke Long was unstoppable, not to mention there was still the rank nine Heaven Overseeing Tower with a complete fate Gu.


 What should they do?


 As if answering the doubts of the immortals, rumbling sounds spread and earth started to crack.


 A huge rift spread across the whole battlefield.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, the ground burst open and endless soil and stones flew out like a dark tsunami.


 A giant dragon that was the size of a mountain flew out from the rift.


 The dragon opened its mouth, its mouth was filled with uneven teeth that were sharp like spears and caused people to feel fear.


 “Duke Long, I will crush you to pieces!!” The giant dragon roared.


 Legendary immemorial desolate beast — Di Zang Sheng!


 “Hmm?” A strange expression flashed past Duke Long’s face as he snorted and charged head-on without dodging.


 An immortal and a beast started fighting but their fight was a stalemate.


 “When did Di Zang Sheng become so powerful?” Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were stunned.


 “The five regions are merging and the earth veins are uniting, countless lives were sacrificed in this large battle which incited fury of Central Continent’s people, all these raised Di Zang Sheng’s strength sharply!”


 “But... wasn’t Di Zang Sheng trapped in Hidden Dragon Cave, how could it suddenly appear here?”


 The immortals were shocked and puzzled.


 But they all knew that back then Duke Long had personally suppressed Di Zang Sheng, so Di Zang Sheng coming to find trouble with Duke Long personally was also natural.


 Just like Duke Long had said in Heavenly Court, Di Zang Sheng’s battle strength would rise to become comparable to Duke Long himself.


 “If this is not handled properly, Di Zang Sheng will become the strongest legendary immemorial desolate beast of the current world!”


 “This is amazing, truly, there is always a way out of predicaments.”


 “Let’s take this chance to quickly retreat.”


 “We can’t retreat!” Fang Yuan however shouted: “This is the perfect opportunity to attack! The arrogant Duke Long is stalled by Di Zang Sheng. Now, we can go to Heaven Overseeing Tower and destroy fate Gu!”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan took the lead to charge towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Bing Sai Chuan was the first to react. He called out to the Northern Plains immortals and followed closely behind.


 The Southern Border immortals also went into a frenzy and attacked furiously a moment later.


 “You dare!” Duke Long was anxious but was firmly held back by Di Zang Sheng, he could only look as Fang Yuan and the rest charged forward.



***
Chapter 1744 - Everybody’s Vision


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Thunder Peak Mountain Range.


 Boom!


 A loud explosion resounded through tens of li.


 Three Gu Immortals were in the midst of a battle.


 “Leave behind the electrolytic iron starflower, otherwise, even if I die, I won’t let you two get off easy!” Central Continent Gu Immortal Mi Lan Guang shouted furiously.


 He had two opponents.


 One was a middle-aged man dressed in a scholar’s attire with large sleeves, the other was a short young man who had quite a lecherous appearance.


 The former was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, Great Treasury Immortal, he had rank seven cultivation and cultivated information path. The latter was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, rank six Jian Yi Sheng.


 Great Treasury Immortal frowned, his eyes hid fury and his tone sounded irritated: “Mi Lan Guang, you chased me for so long just for an electrolytic iron starflower? Yes, I admit, this information path and lightning path immortal material was personally grown by you and is something that had never appeared before. My interest was roused and since I cultivate information path like you, I stole one flower to research it.”


 “I will tell you honestly, if you continue to chase me for a rank seven immortal material, I will fight with you to death! I will make you realize that Eastern Sea Gu Immortals are not so easily bullied!”


 Jian Yi Sheng immediately added flattery: “Senior Great Treasury Immortal, your words are extremely reasonable. We should have already gotten rid of this Mi Lan Guang. Otherwise, if we let him tail behind us, we won’t be able to do any transactions. The current situation is an extremely rare opportunity!”


 Great Treasury Immortal took a glance at Jian Yi Sheng and nodded: “I suppose we have to.”


 Although Great Treasury Immortal had rank seven cultivation and Jian Yi Sheng only had rank six, the latter was a well-known lone immortal of Central Continent. He was proficient in the killer move sword escape and was extremely mobile, he was well-informed and familiar with the local territories.


 1It was because he had told Great Treasury Immortal of Mi Lan Guang’s treasury that Great Treasury Immortal learned of such a special rank seven immortal material like electrolytic iron starflower.


 Great Treasury Immortal cultivated information path so he was very interested. He moved with Jian Yi Sheng and used the chaos in Central Continent to steal an electrolytic iron starflower.


 But in this process, he was discovered by Mi Lan Guang. Great Treasury Immortal’s action was exposed, he could not help but show a weak stance and did not want to attack, thus getting chased all the way by Mi Lan Guang.


 Mi Lan Guang looked at Great Treasury Immortal and then looked at Jian Yi Sheng, laughing coldly: “So it was like this.”


 Next, he said something that stunned Great Treasury Immortal.


 “Great Treasury Immortal, although you are an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal and are also a famous information path expert whose name I have heard long ago, you have been deceived by Jian Yi Sheng. There are thirteen electrolytic iron starflowers in my valley, you stole one and Jian Yi Sheng plucked three, but the rest were destroyed by him using sword path methods!”


 “What?”


 Jian Yi Sheng laughed: “Mi Lan Guang, isn’t your method of sowing discord a bit too poor?”


 But at the next moment, Great Treasury Immortal turned around to glare at him: “Jian Yi Sheng, how dare you!”


 Jian Yi Sheng’s heart immediately skipped a beat: “Not good, they are both information path Gu Immortals, I cannot sense their secret conversation. Great Treasury Immortal might have already received evidence.”


 Jian Yi Sheng was resolute, since he could not fool Great Treasury Immortal anymore, he gave a villainous laugh as his body turned into a sword and escaped.


 Great Treasury Immortal and Mi Lan Guang were both stunned.


 “This Jian Yi Sheng has already advanced to rank seven!”


 “Is this his true speed? So fast!”


 Great Treasury Immortal was shocked and furious, he was actually duped by Jian Yi Sheng and treated as his tool. Now, Jian Yi Sheng had seized away more benefits than him and even left him to obstruct Mi Lan Guang.


 “Brother Mi, I will immediately return that electrolytic iron starflower to you. Don’t worry, I dug it out along with its roots, it will be convenient for you to plant it again. Moreover, I will also compensate you with resources of equivalent value.” Great Treasury Immortal took a deep breath before saying solemnly.


 Mi Lan Guang mumbled before raising his brows: “Your condition is?”


 Great Treasury Immortal snorted: “We will ally to deal with Jian Yi Sheng.”


 He really hated Jian Yi Sheng.


 Mi Lan Guang was also the same.


 He gave a clear smile and extended his hands: “It is my honor to work with you, friend from Eastern Sea.”


 The two immediately set an agreement and chased after Jian Yi Sheng.


 2What made them furious was that although Jian Yi Sheng escaped, he had actually not gone far. Clearly, he wanted Mi Lan Guang and Great Treasury Immortal to have a fierce battle, then he could charge back at an appropriate timing and reap all the benefits.


 Right now, when he saw Mi Lan Guang and Great Treasury Immortal collaborating, Jian Yi Sheng was surprised and irked but not panicked.


 He even scoffed: “Even when I was rank six, my sword escape method left many rank seven Gu Immortals without options. Now that I have advanced this move to rank seven, you will probably only catch me in your next life!”


 Saying so, Jian Yi Sheng activated the killer move sword escape and swaggered off.


 Mi Lan Guang and Great Treasury Immortal cursed loudly but could only look as Jian Yi Sheng escaped.


 However, after a short while, it was Jian Yi Sheng’s turn to complain: “Damn it! Although my sword escape method is fast, it can’t be maintained for long. And these two happen to be information path Gu Immortals, they are proficient at gathering information and clues, they can track me down!”


 Mi Lan Guang and Great Treasury Immortal hated Jian Yi Sheng and were closely chasing after him.


 At every dangerous moment, Jian Yi Sheng activated sword escape killer move to run away.


 But not long later, Mi Lan Guang and Great Treasury Immortal would catch up once again.


 1Jian Yi Sheng shouted: “Is there any meaning in chasing me like this? You will be wasting all your accumulated immortal essence and you both will lose a lot when that happens.”


 Mi Lan Guang sneered: “Among the three of us, you have only advanced to rank seven recently, how much immortal essence reserve do you have? Even if we expend it all, we will get rid of you this time!”


 Great Treasury Immortal nodded and added: “Right! I will let you know Eastern Sea Gu Immortals are not easily hoodwinked!”


 2Jian Yi Sheng cursed in anxiousness: “Mi Lan Guang, regardless of what happened, we are both Central Continent Gu Immortals, you are actually siding with someone from another region now, are you a traitor?”


 Mi Lan Guang laughed coldly: “Don’t you try to intimidate me, you offended me today, your death is certain!”


 1Jian Yi Sheng could only use sword escape to fly away once again.


 Both sides kept on chasing and halting, Great Treasury Immortal suddenly said: “Oh no, he has stopped at one place. It looks like he discovered the tracking method I planted on him.”


 He lost his connection to Jian Yi Sheng.


 Soon, he and Mi Lan Guang arrived at a mountain pass and discovered Jian Yi Sheng’s right arm.


 Jian Yi Sheng was resolute, after realizing something wrong, he directly cut off his right arm.


 Great Treasury Immortal’s face was dark as he looked at Mi Lan Guang: “It will depend on you now!”


 “Relax.” Mi Lan Guang smiled: “This way.”


 The two continued to chase.


 After several rounds of chasing, Jian Yi Sheng’s face was pale and had no strength to curse as he felt the pressure of death.


 Gradually, his immortal essence reserve was emptied.


 “I am going to die but I am not resigned!”


 “I broke Great Treasury Immortal’s method, but what method did you, Mi Lan Guang, use to chase after me?”


 “I dared to offend you because I had some understanding of your methods and could handle them all. But right now, I cannot even discover what method you used!”


 “Can you tell me the truth before I die?”


 Mi Lan Guang sneered: “Don’t even think about it! Depart to the afterlife as an ignorant ghost.”


 1But at the next moment, Jian Yi Sheng gave a strange screech and used sword escape killer move to escape once again.


 “This guy is really too crafty!” Great Treasury Immortal gritted his teeth.


 “Don’t worry, unless he escapes Central Continent, he won’t be able to escape my detection.” Mi Lan Guang said confidently.


 Great Treasury Immortal’s gaze was filled with surprise as he said: “I am in admiration of Brother Mi’s method. Let alone Jian Yi Sheng, even I have yet to discover your method, it is truly amazing!”


 Mi Lan Guang laughed and waved his hand: “You misunderstood, this is not my method, it is Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangement.”


 “What do you mean?”


 “Heavenly Court has extremely deep secrets. But I know some information about this move in particular. Let’s continue chasing, I will explain on the way.”


 Great Treasury Immortal nodded and was fully concentrated in listening.


 He knew Mi Lan Guang was originally a lightning path Gu Immortal of Wind Cloud Manor, a subsidiary force of Heavenly Court. But later, he broke some sect rules, his cultivation was crippled and he was kicked out of the sect. After that, he cultivated information path and advanced to become a rank seven Gu Immortal once again.


 It was not strange for Mi Lan Guang to know of some secrets regarding Heavenly Court with this background.


 Mi Lan Guang continued: “This move is called everybody’s vision, it is a human path killer move created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. This move uses the foundation of people’s united hearts and can let Central Continent’s mortals, Gu Masters, and Gu Immortals share their vision. As long as someone sees Jian Yi Sheng’s movement light or even discover a trace of his tracks, I can directly obtain the information through everybody’s vision and catch him.”


 Great Treasury Immortal realized: “So it was like this. Everybody’s vision, this move is truly profound. Naturally, people’s united hearts is even more so, it can actually let people know each other’s intentions and determine enemies and allies, removing the factor of hidden traitors. Wait a moment!”


 Great Treasury Immortal suddenly stopped and looked at Mi Lan Guang with a horrified gaze.


 Since Mi Lan Guang could use everybody’s vision killer move, he was definitely under the effect of people’s united hearts.


 He belonged to Central Continent’s righteous path, he absolutely would not cooperate with someone who invaded Central Continent, then the only possibility was...


 “Hahaha, Great Treasury Immortal, you fell for our trap!”Jian Yi Sheng revealed himself, laughing heartily.


 Along with him, many Central Continent lone immortals also appeared.


 A formation suddenly activated and trapped Great Treasury Immortal.


 Everything had been a conspiracy, Mi Lan Guang’s electrolytic iron starflower was the bait to lure out Great Treasury Immortal, the huge fish!


 At the same time.


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 This long battle finally reached its climax!


 Fang Yuan and the rest charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower while Duke Long was being held back by Di Zang Sheng.


 If Fang Yuan and the rest broke into Heaven Overseeing Tower and Fang Yuan destroyed fate Gu, Heavenly Court’s plan would fail completely.


 But if Fang Yuan could not destroy fate Gu, the Southern and Northern immortals would be in a very bad position, they would be besieged by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals from every direction.


 “This is the final opportunity, I must...” Fang Yuan was resolute. At the next moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower let out a dazzling white light.


 Rank nine immortal killer move — Fate Vanquish!


 “The time required for fate vanquish to be used again has been shortened to such an extent?!” Fang Yuan was greatly shocked.


 Almost at the same time, the white light completely disappeared.


 An astonishing change occurred in the battlefield.


 Several Immortal Gu Houses on Fang Yuan’s side were completely destroyed along with all the Gu Immortals inside. Of the two rank eight Gu Immortals who were right behind Fang Yuan; one was on the verge of death and the other had lost consciousness. All the other immortals were badly injured.


 “Fate vanquish’s power is actually so terrifying!”


 “It clearly did not have this power during Southern Border’s battle. Terrifying! A complete rank nine fate Gu is too terrifying.”


 “This is Heaven Overseeing Tower’s true power? It is completely unstoppable!”


 Southern Border and Northern Plains Gu Immortals felt deep despair, they lost all of their morale.


 On the contrary, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals as well as countless viewers in Central Continent cheered in joy at this sight.


 “Heavenly Court is powerful!”


 “Kill these invaders, make them pay with their blood!”


 “With such a method, Central Continent’s victory is certain.”


 With the killer move everybody’s vision, Central Continent’s people saw this scene and were rejoicing with great morale.


 Heavenly Court’s divine might was etched deeply into everyone’s hearts.


 “Mother, why did that person not fall? All the demons except him have fallen.” A young girl shook her mother’s hand and asked in confusion.


 Even mortals could observe the battle.


 Unfortunately, the girl’s mother was only a mortal, she shook her head: “Mother also doesn’t know, but don’t worry, our Central Continent is protected by Gu Immortals, we won’t lose!”


 “Fang Yuan...”


 “Right, he is an otherworldly demon.”


 “He is not an ordinary otherworldly demon, he is a complete otherworldly demon. Fate vanquish is simply like harmless light to him.”


 After being dazed for a while, the Southern and Northern immortals gradually reacted.


 Right now, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had flown out of Heaven Overseeing Tower and were holding Fang Yuan back, not letting him get close to Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 However!


 Fang Yuan’s existence was like a spark that lighted up the hearts of the Southern and Northern immortals.


 In an instant, an inextinguishable fire burned once again.


 “He’s our only hope left!”


 “Yes, we still have — Fang Yuan!”


 “Although I really hate him, but...”


 The Southern and Northern immortals’ eyes shined with brilliance.


 “Their morale had actually risen?” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were astonished.


 “Quick, kill Fang Yuan!” Duke Long had just sent the command when he was bitten by Di Zang Sheng.


 But no matter how Di Zang Sheng ground its teeth, they only left behind several scars while producing sparks as they dug into Duke Long’s body.


 At the same time, Wu Yong’s command arrived through treasure yellow heaven: “Southern Alliance immortals, hear my command, use all your strength to help Fang Yuan breach Heaven Overseeing Tower and destroy fate Gu!”


 Bing Sai Chuan also reacted: “Help Fang Yuan, this is our final charge! If it does not succeed, we will all die! Everyone, kill!”


 “These guys?” Fang Yuan who was being held back felt the vigor behind him and his eyes instantly shined.


 Killing intent soared!


 He laughed heartily, his voice resounding throughout the battlefield: “Good, from now on, you can all try to stop me! Either you die or.... I perish!”



***
Chapter 1745 - Lu Wei Yin’s Betrayal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 At this instant, Fang Yuan along with the Southern and Northern immortals dashed forward without hesitating!


 Fang Yuan was at the front-most position, acting as the sharpest tip of the spear.


 He had become the only hope of the Southern and Northern immortals, he was shouldering their expectations.


 “How ironic, how pitiful! This battle has reached such a state where we are actually staking our hopes on our enemy.” The Southern and Northern immortals had complicated feelings.


 “Associating with Fang Yuan, they are indeed a bunch of evil demons!” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals shouted with despise as they rushed forward.


 What else was there to say?


 Everything was for benefits, everything was for survival, everything was for victory!


 “Fang Yuan! Stop right there!” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal pounced on Fang Yuan.


 “I will block him, Fang Yuan, continue to charge forward.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu called out while moving ahead.


 Two Immortal Gu Houses came charging over; these two Southern and Northern Immortal Gu Houses inclined to the side, protecting Fang Yuan in the middle like they were guarding their emperor.


 In the battle of rank eight Gu Immortals, Immortal Gu Houses seemed like brutes that could only attack by colliding with each other.


 A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 This was an unprecedented experience for him, he had never expected that there would be such a peculiar scene.


 He had actually obtained the selfless and sacrificial help of the Southern and Northern immortals!


 “We will retreat, quick, quick, pull apart some distance!” Heaven Overseeing Tower began to retreat.


 Fang Yuan and others’ final charge was too overwhelming, their momentum was like a crazed tiger. At the crucial moment, even though Heavenly Court’s members were mostly guarding the back, few could actually come over to help defend Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Duke Long lifted his hands with some difficulty and as he pushed apart Di Zang Sheng’s teeth inch by inch.


 Although his back was facing Fang Yuan and Heaven Overseeing Tower, he was aware of the battle situation through everybody’s vision killer move.


 “Fang Yuan is their only hope, as long as we can kill him... these Southern and Northern immortals’ morale will fall to the depths, they might even surrender because of their hope being extinguished!”


 “Not only this, Fang Yuan has Spring Autumn Cicada and is also Red Lotus’ final hope.”


 At this instant, a memory surfaced in Duke Long’s mind.


 Red Lotus was bathed in blood and on the verge of death, he used all his remaining strength to stand in front of Duke Long.


 Duke Long looked at him quietly and said with a slightly hoarse voice: “Hong Ting, you have no hope left already. Give up, surrender, I will give you the chance to turn over a new leaf.”


 “Even at this stage, you are still not willing to give up on me, master? Hehehe.” Red Lotus Demon Venerable laughed: “But unfortunately, master, my hope has not been extinguished yet.”


 3“Hmph, what hope do you still have? What are you relying on?”


 “My hope is not here, master. I left it to... the great era. When the great era is about to descend, you will see him. He will be like me, carving his way to Heavenly Court in battle.”


 Duke Long sighed and said with an unshakable tone: “Then I shall stop him, just like how I stopped you today. You are my disciple, master will atone for the mistake you made. Regarding your hope, master shall personally... kill it!”


 1Roar!


 Duke Long gave a furious roar and exerted strength in his hands, he pried open Di Zang Sheng’s teeth and disappeared.


 Clang!


 At the next moment, Di Zang Sheng’s teeth snapped together fiercely and produced dazzling sparks.


 But Duke Long had already appeared behind Fang Yuan.


 His large hand grabbed towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan immediately felt an incomparable force pulling at him firmly. A vast aura of danger came from behind him like a tsunami and wanted to drown him completely!


 “Duke Long!” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth as he suddenly turned around and used a killer move to fight Duke Long.


 “I will kill you!” Duke Long’s amber-like dragon eyes reflected Fang Yuan’s appearance, his tone filled with killing intent.


 But an Immortal Gu House inserted itself in between the two.


 “Fang Yuan, go!” Many Southern and Northern immortals shouted together.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he turned around and chased after Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Duke Long was blocked, he gave a loud shout as he activated his killer move and slashed with his claws! The incomparably tough Immortal Gu House tore apart like it was paper.


 Duke Long continued to give chase but he had just moved a few steps when Heavenly Lord Bai Zu appeared before him.


 Duke Long grabbed and smashed at Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu charged over once again.


 “He didn’t die?” Duke Long was astonished, he had clearly activated his investigative killer move to sense Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body.


 But the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu before him gave off the same feeling as the main body.


 Duke Long’s thoughts moved as he immediately realized: “Is it a killer move that can allow the main body to immediately switch position with his clones?”


 It was exactly so.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was once a famous rank eight lone cultivator of Northern Plains, and later he obtained Hei tribe’s territory, creating Bai Zu tribe and joining Northern Plains’ righteous path.


 Longevity Heaven actively roped in all the Northern Plains Gu Immortals for the big picture, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was among the first to be roped in.


 One of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s conditions to join them was one immortal killer move in Longevity Heaven’s treasury. With this move, he could switch the positions of his clone and main body.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had specially asked for this because of his repeated failures when he invaded Hei Fan grotto-heaven before.


 It was because of this that after Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was teleported to Eastern Sea by the killer move karma relocation, he was able to quickly switch positions with a clone and return to Infallible blessed land.


 “Annoying fly.” Duke Long frowned slightly.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu obstructed him repeatedly, although he could not last even one move, in the time of danger, he would switch position with a clone.


 His performance was extremely shocking, he actually stalled Duke Long.


 But soon, other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals targeted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu fell into danger and was busy taking care of himself.


 Duke Long caught up to Fang Yuan once again but Five Elements Grandmaster was already protecting Fang Yuan from behind.


 “Come.” Five Elements Grandmaster used his strongest defensive method — Five Elements Ring.


 This was an immortal formation condensed into a five colored ring.


 “If nothing else, I can at least hold on for a few breaths of time!” Five Elements Grandmaster gritted his teeth.


 But Duke Long was not even stalled for a moment, he directly broke the five elements ring and chased after Fang Yuan.


 Five Elements Grandmaster suffered a heavy backlash from having his defensive killer move destroyed. But he quickly swallowed the blood that surged up and chased after Duke Long without any regards for his own health.


 Duke Long casually threw a dragon-shaped purple-gold qi without even looking back.


 This was a qi path killer move!


 Five Elements Grandmaster looked on with wide and furious eyes as he was struck by the purple-gold dragon qi, with a loud sound, he burst into countless pieces, dying on the spot.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s death did not deter the Southern and Northern immortals.


 Soon, Yi Hao Fang attacked without any regard for himself as he tried to stop Duke Long.


 Duke Long was held back for a few breaths of time, but he soon killed Yi Hao Fang.


 “I don’t have much time left.” Duke Long did not show it on the surface but his heart was gradually becoming anxious. Heavenly dragon’s last stand killer move made him so powerful that he could kill rank eight Gu Immortals like killing birds, but his lifespan was about to reach its end.


 Under the Southern and Northern immortals’ suicidal obstruction, Fang Yuan finally caught up to Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was being held back by Bing Sai Chuan using Calamity Luck Altar.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Fang Yuan’s luck was good, he grabbed a rank seven Immortal Gu as well as a large amount of mortal Gu.


 But this was nothing much to Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Especially when Fang Yuan was clearly aware that although great thief ghost hand relied on ghostly concealment, it was not a genuine rank nine killer move and had no effect on fate Gu.


 “The only effective method is still dream path killer moves!” Fang Yuan did not have offensive dream path killer moves and could only use Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to self-detonate.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower was already prepared against such a crude offensive method. Fang Yuan had to look for a perfect opportunity otherwise he would only waste his resources without any gains.


 Fang Yuan’s battle tactic was to use great thief ghost hand to constantly force back Heaven Overseeing Tower and create a chance to detonate Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 He did not know how long the Southern and Northern immortals could hold on for, but this was currently his best tactic.


 But when Fang Yuan used the second great thief ghost hand, a rank eight Gu Immortal suddenly appeared and easily blocked his great thief ghost hand.


 “Lu Wei Yin, what are you doing!” The Southern and Northern Gu Immortals immediately shouted out this person’s name in surprise and anger.


 Lu Wei Yin pointed towards Fang Yuan: “My disciple Ye Fan died in your hands, Fang Yuan, you shall die here.”


 “Lu Wei Yin, you are Paradise Earth’s inheritor, you are a Southern Border Gu Immortal!”


 “Even if you want to take revenge for your disciple, why do you need to do it at this time?”


 “Step aside now!”


 “Join hands with us to defeat Heavenly Court! Or else...”


 The Southern and Northern Gu Immortals berated agitatedly.


 Lu Wei Yin, however, shook his head: “Everything is too late, Heavenly Court’s Fate has been repaired, the situation is set in stone. Relying on this demon Fang Yuan will only increase casualties, it will not change our defeat. Everyone, you have to face reality, stop trying to go against the tide, we need to avoid even more death and suffering among the people!”



***
Chapter 1746 - Bai Ning Bing’s Betrayal


***





 



 2


 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lu Wei Yin might have no offensive killer moves, he was extremely powerful in other aspects.


 He easily blocked the Southern and Northern immortals’ furious attacks, even Fang Yuan was unable to do anything to him.


 “Indeed worthy of being Paradise Earth’s inheritor!” Many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals observed with their full attention.


 In just a short period of time, Lu Wei Yin had actually blocked the Southern and Northern immortals’ crazed attacks by himself. Almost none of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals present now could achieve this!


 Only now were the Southern and Northern immortals aware of Lu Wei Yin’s power!


 Despite Lu Wei Yin having no offensive methods, his comprehensive strength was still above Li Huang and Chen Yi.


 The Southern and Northern immortals were full of hatred towards Lu Wei Yin, this hatred was many times stronger than their hatred towards Fang Yuan!


 It was because Lu Wei Yin’s appearance had destroyed their last hope. Fang Yuan and the rest attacked madly but all the attacks were blocked by him alone.


 “Hahaha.” Duke Long laughed loudly, he was currently entangled with Di Zang Sheng, Lu Wei Yin had salvaged the situation in his place.


 Duke Long was much happier to be receiving Lu Wei Yin’s help than him taking action personally.


 Because this meant that Paradise Earth’s faction had submitted to them.


 “This is the heart of the people. Back then, when fate Gu appeared, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable relied on it to change the minds of many human Gu Immortals and awakened the spirit to resist our common enemy. The same thing is happening now!”


 An injured fate Gu was not worthy of being revered.


 But a complete fate Gu was a banner just like the records in history!


 Its significance to humanity far surpassed its own abilities.


 It represented the support of the people, this was the trend of the future.


 Human hearts were difficult to change, but Heavenly Court had fate Gu and could make countless enemy Gu Immortals dispel any thought of confrontation and even make them betray their side and surrender!


 With this, Heavenly Court and Central Continent would save an immense amount of effort and trouble.


 Duke Long could not help but be thankful towards Fairy Zi Wei’s choice, using everybody’s vision, all these scenes were disseminated to every part of Central Continent and even throughout the other four regions and two heavens.


 Lu Wei Yin’s stance was a sign, he was the start of the trend where large numbers of Gu Immortals would surrender and bow their heads to Heavenly Court in the future.


 The impact of a pioneer was limitless.


 Especially when it was Lu Wei Yin: Paradise Earth’s inheritor.


 In the future, when many Gu Immortals hesitate whether to surrender or not, they would think: ‘even Lu Wei Yin, this Paradise Earth inheritor, changed sides, so what if I do the same?’


 Thus, they would get past this mental obstacle.


 Lu Wei Yin’s action was like a formless storm and its influence would spread to all parts of Central Continent.


 The other regions’ Gu Immortals who were already preparing to leave, they retreated even faster now.


 At the same time, in the headquarters of Spirit Affinity House, Zhao Lian Yun looked like she was ready to move out.


 “Fairy Lian Yun, where are you going? It is extremely dangerous outside.” Bu Zhen Zi persuaded.


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled: “I have love Gu’s protection and the enemies are currently fleeing in fear. If we want to make some contributions, isn’t this the perfect time?”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s wish was soon approved by several supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House.


 In the previous chaotic battle in Central Continent, all kinds of monsters and demons appeared and fought, creating chaos and disorder. For the restoration plan, Heavenly Court had mobilized a large amount of Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects became weak, they could only give up many of their territories and resources, wisely choosing to go on the defensive.


 Right now, through everybody’s vision killer move, the Gu Immortals who were guarding various areas realized the change in the situation. Many experienced ones understood this was the time to counterattack!


 “Kill these thieves who dared to invade my Central Continent!”


 “Beat them, beat these despicable fellows till they are scared out of their wits.”


 “Ah, this stifling anger inside me, I shall vent it all on you!”


 With Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects at the lead, waves of counterattacks started. The remnant righteous path, demonic path, and lone immortals in various parts of Central Continent made their move and quickly recovered the lost territories while also attacking the four regions’ Gu Immortals who were still in Central Continent.


 The four regions’ Gu Immortals were beaten back step by step, some even died.


 These battle scenes were all seen by the Central Continent Gu Immortals in Infallible blessed land, their morale immediately rose.


 Fang Yuan and the rest got into an increasingly perilous situation.


 Duke Long was very pleased.


 This was the scene he wanted to see.


 Using the banner called fate Gu, almost all the Gu Immortals of Central Continent were roused and united.


 This unified force was terrifying. This was already proven by the rise of humanity in Heavenly Court’s historical records.


 At this moment, Duke Long could feel it very deeply, every generation of Heavenly Court members placed so much focus on fate Gu intentionally to establish the meaning behind this banner!


 This was a signal from the depths of the soul, it was an intense and irresistible call of duty.


 3Fate Gu itself was only a rank nine Immortal Gu and could not even be used directly. But in Heavenly Court’s hands, it was given a spirit and significance that far surpassed itself, and this influence was further magnified countless times using the history of the human race.


 Looking at it, wasn’t it an incredible situation?


 Fate Gu’s practicality was far lower than other rank nine Immortal Gu like wisdom Gu. But when it was used by Heavenly Court, it could change people’s hearts, unite the scattered forces and merge everyone’s will into one.


 Lu Wei Yin’s betrayal...


 Lone immortal Jian Yi Sheng and Mi Lan Guang, who was expelled from his sect, both took the initiative to ally and ambush Great Treasury Immortal...


 With Zhao Lian Yun as the representative, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals counterattacked....


 The other four regions’ Gu Immortals retreated with an all-time low morale...


 It was impossible for an immortal killer move to achieve all these changes, even if it was the rank nine killer move people’s united hearts.


 But now, Duke Long relied on just fate Gu to achieve these.


 Gu Master and Gu Immortals nurtured, used, and refined Gu. Not mentioning the other two aspects, just based on using Gu — Heavenly Court’s usage of fate Gu had already broken free of its limitations, they far surpassed the Gu’s limits, they reached an unprecedented and supreme level!


 If one considered this kind of move carefully, it was shocking.


 The Heavenly Court immortals attacked from all directions, clearing their old debts.


 The Southern and Northern immortals were trapped and surrounded, some screamed, some were bleeding, some were panicking, and some looked upon death calmly.


 Fang Yuan’s heart was also shrouded by a dense shadow. He was unable to break Lu Wei Yin’s defense and Heaven Overseeing Tower had already stabilized itself.


 Duke Long had intentionally led Di Zang Sheng far away to fight.


 “The enemy’s chances have already been sealed off.” Almost all the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had this thought.


 “Hahaha, in the end, it is still up to me to turn the tides around!”


 Right at this time, a voice familiar to Fang Yuan spread throughout the battlefield.


 At the same time, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace appeared behind Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 “Bai Ning Bing? How did she get control of Dragon Palace?” Fang Yuan was astonished.


 The other Gu Immortals were even more shocked.


 Bai Ning Bing had already prepared her sneak attack for a long time, while all the immortals were stunned, Dragon Palace shot out a dense smoke that floated towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 It was like Heaven Overseeing Tower had fallen into a swamp, at the crucial moment, the Gu Immortals inside activated their method.


 Immortal killer move — Invincible Phantom Tower!


 In an instant, Heaven Overseeing Tower went into phantom form and became virtually untouchable.


 “Going into phantom form, hehe.” Bai Ning Bing sneered: “You are underestimating me too much. Dragon Spirit!”


 A boy stood beside her, he laughed: “Master, watch me!”


 1The dense smoke covered Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower had turned phantom but was still unable to stop the dense smoke from invading it.


 “This is — dream path offensive killer move?!” Fang Yuan’s side was stunned and happy, while Heavenly Court’s immortals were stunned and furious.


 “What is going on?” Both sides were bewildered.


 Rewinding time back by a little bit...


 Central Continent, Hidden Dragon Cave.


 The battle had already reached the moment of victory and defeat.


 Heavenly Court’s reinforcements greatly improved the situation of the Four Dragon Generals.


 But these reinforcements were already expected and responded to by Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals.


 They fought fiercely, making the battle even more heated.


 The Four Dragon Generals were still curling up inside Dragon Palace, and Heavenly Court’s reinforcements would not get past the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals within a short period.


 But right at this moment, a figure appeared at the edge of the battlefield.


 It was Bai Ning Bing!


 Chen Yi had used Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangement to use immortal killer move karma relocation to block the attack of the immortals.


 Fang Yuan had quickly found the best method to deal with this.


 Bai Ning Bing attacked under Fang Yuan’s command and was transported by karma relocation.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the place she was transported to and realized she was in a dangerous situation.


 This was a rank eight level battlefield and it was so intense that it was not something she could be involved in!


 Bai Ning Bing wanted to retreat but be it Eastern Sea or the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, they both attacked her immediately.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals saw Bai Ning Bing as an enemy, they naturally wanted to eliminate her.


 Meanwhile, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals did not want Bai Ning Bing to leave and expose the secret here, so they were going to kill the eyewitness.


 At once, Bai Ning Bing fell into a life and death crisis.


 “This is trouble!” She was deeply aware of it. Even if she transformed into Bai Xiang form, it would be of no use against killer moves of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 As death descended upon her, she was not afraid at all, she was only dissatisfied and felt pity as she mumbled: “Is this as far as I go?”


 “No, master!” At this crucial moment, she suddenly heard an innocent and clear voice.


 Dragon Palace shook as it directly teleported Bai Ning Bing to the deepest part of Dragon Palace.


 This scene stunned all the rank eight Gu Immortals in the battlefield, the battle even paused for a moment.


 “Who... are you?” Bai Ning Bing discovered that a peculiar life form was standing before her inside Dragon Palace.


 It had the appearance of a young boy but it had horns on its head and a tail behind its back. Its eyes shined brightly, it looked cute and adorable.


 It looked at Bai Ning Bing and spoke: “A blessed land has a land spirit, a grotto-heaven has a heavenly spirit, while Dragon Court has me — Dragon Spirit.”


 “Dragon Court? But isn’t this Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace? Also, why are you calling me master?” Bai Ning Bing naturally knew of Dragon Palace so she felt very puzzled.


 Dragon Spirit laughed: “Back then, dragonman Gu Immortals created Dragon Court but Duke Long did not allow it and changed its name to Dragon Palace. As for acknowledging you as master, it is my only choice now. Because you are a dragonman who had escaped fate and is opposing Heavenly Court, you are the only candidate suitable to be my master currently.”


 “Master, I have been waiting for you. Duke Long does not know about my existence, I have been hiding and making him have the false impression that he had successfully refined Dragon Court. Heavenly Court is too powerful, I implore master to make a move to solve this present danger. In the future, we will lead the dragonman race to follow the decree of heaven, we will defeat the human race and make dragonmen the rulers of this world.”


 “What do you mean?” Bai Ning Bing frowned, feeling inconceivable: “I am only a rank seven Gu Immortal, even if I have future self, I do not have rank eight battle strength. Let alone in the current situation, even rank eight Gu Immortals are unable to resolve this predicament.”


 “Master, you need to have confidence. Fate Gu had shown the revelation long ago, humanity will fall and dragonmen will reign supreme. Our dragonman race will be the next leaders of this world and us dragonmen are destined to expel humanity and unite the world. That scoundrel Duke Long is not worthy of being the dragonman ancestor, he is our race’s biggest traitor.”


 2“Dragon Court’s power has not been displayed fully because it lacked a true master. Of course, Dragon Court is only a rank eight Immortal Gu House right now, even if it uses all its might, it will be difficult to make a breakthrough. So I request master to subdue Di Zang Sheng!”


 Bai Ning Bing was surprised: “Di Zang Sheng can be subdued by me?”


 Dragon Spirit gave a confident smile: “Master, you don’t need to be excessively humble. Dragonmen will reign supreme, the divine beast shall pave the path for us. Di Zang Sheng was created by the Heavenly Dao, it has innate hatred towards the human race, it is actually our dragonman race’s divine beast. Dragon Court was unable to subdue it because it was only an Immortal Gu House and lacked a true master. But with you, all the conditions have been fulfilled.”


 Bai Ning Bing blinked her eyes repeatedly, coming to her senses only after a long while.


 She had many doubts, for example the statement that dragonmen would reign supreme, wasn’t it humanity who would reign supreme? If fate Gu decreed that, why would Heavenly Court still try everything in their power to repair fate Gu?


 1Bai Ning Bing suppressed all the doubts in her mind as excitement emerged in her heart.


 “Hehehe, this is really interesting.”


 “I never thought that right before my death, there would be such a twist of events.”


 “Heavenly Court still seems to contain many secrets...”


 “Although I was a human, I transformed into a dragonman using a special method. But leading the dragonman race to rise and overturn humanity’s rule... this matter truly makes my heart pound when I think about it.”


 1“It is interesting to resist Heavenly Court, but it is even more exciting to lead the rise of the dragonman race!”


 “Hahaha, interesting, interesting!”


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shined brightly as she laughed heartily and said to Dragon Spirit: “No matter what you are or what plans you have, I don’t care. Anyway, if you had not saved me, I would have already died. Your goal is truly interesting, I accept it! What should I do?”


 Bai Ning Bing was different from others, she was a true demon and based her decisions on what she liked. She did whatever felt more exciting to her.


 The so-called human identity would never bind her.


 Lu Wei Yin had betrayed Southern Border while she had betrayed humanity itself!


 Dragon Spirit was exulted: “Master, with you making a move, Di Zang Sheng’s allegiance is an easy matter.”


 Dragon Spirit was so excited that his tears fell: “This is great! I had almost given up in despair, but master, your appearance means that my wait was not in vain!”


 “The current heaven’s will has been influenced by Star Constellation’s will, which changed the revelation of fate Gu. But this doesn’t matter, a large number of hibernating Gu Immortals have died in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation’s will has lost her reinforcements, the will of the Heavenly Dao has started to suppress her. The fact that you appeared here proves this.”


 1“Now, we will first subdue Di Zang Sheng and fight our way back to the battlefield. Be it Heavenly Court or the Southern Northern allied forces, they are at conflict with each other. Although I wish that they would all die, this is an extremely rare opportunity to seize fate Gu.”


 COMMENT


 “As long as we come into contact with fate Gu, the revelation of dragonman supremacy will appear and we can imitate what Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable did back then, with this banner in our hands, we will change the hearts of people, the dragonman race’s rise will be unstoppable!”



***
Chapter 1747 - Star Constellation’s Sacrifice


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even Heaven Overseeing Tower with rank nine fate Gu was unable to stop the invasion of the dream path killer move.


 Dragon Palace was a rank eight Immortal Gu House with rank eight Immortal Gu Dream Token. The rank eight dream path killer move that was created from this was probably the number one dream path killer move in the present world.


 1As the saying went, one skill to dominate the world.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower did not have any dream path defensive methods, thus Dragon Spirit’s action immediately showed effect!


 “If this goes on, Heaven Overseeing Tower will no longer exist!”


 “This move is not just pure erosion using the dream realm, it is a dream path killer move and Heavenly Court can’t do anything to it even with pure dream reality seeker transformation!”


 In an instant, Yao Huang and the rest saw the hope of victory.


 “Who could have thought that at this final juncture, it would be Bai Ning Bing who would turn the situation around!”


 “We have to hold on!”


 “Everyone, defend Dragon Palace!”


 The Southern and Northern immortals actively cooperated. Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were pale in shock, their confident expressions were non-existent as they began to attack nervously.


 “Something is wrong!” Fang Yuan had been paying attention to Duke Long and quickly realized something wrong.


 Duke Long, who was entangled with Di Zang Sheng, was not panicking at all, his expression was calm and his gaze even showed a trace of nostalgia.


 Over a million years ago...


 In the depths of Heavenly Court.


 “Hong Ting, you still dare to come to Heavenly Court, you will not be able to escape anymore! The secret of your rebirth has already been exposed, you actually dared to go against fate and defy heaven’s will to attempt to resurrect dead people, you have truly disappointed me!” Duke Long looked at Red Lotus, his expression was dark and his gaze was burning with fury.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable smiled: “Master, since I have come here, I have already resolved myself to die, furthermore, I am not here to destroy fate Gu, so you don’t have to be so anxious, master.”


 “Oh? Then what are you trying to do?”


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable took a deep glance at Duke Long: “I want to persuade master to help me destroy fate Gu!”


 Duke Long was stunned before laughing loudly, he then slowly stopped laughing and looked at Red Lotus with his unfathomable dragon pupils: “Then tell me, master will listen properly.”


 Red Lotus smiled: “Having been reborn tens of thousands of times, I found clues by chance and used more than ten rebirths to understand them clearly. Fate Gu has already abandoned humanity, its current revelation have four words...”


 2He had yet to finish speaking when Duke Long finished his sentence: “Dragonmen will reign supreme.”


 Red Lotus was dazed before laughing: “Master, you knew about it indeed! Are you protecting fate Gu to ensure the rise of the dragonman race? After all, the biggest group of dragonmen in existence currently are your own bloodline descendants.”


 “Of course not!” Duke Long shook his head and said in a deep voice: ” Hong Ting, you don’t know the whole situation. Master was the first to discover the secret of dragonman supremacy and was also the first to report it. Although I turned myself into a dragonman and became the dragonman ancestor, my true heart has always been on humanity’s side! Whether you believe it or not, this is the truth.”


 “I believe you!” Red Lotus showed no hesitation: “I believe in master’s heart. Oh master, the extent to which you understand me is also how much I understand you. You will never betray humanity for your own self-interest. Just then, I was afraid you would deny my words and was intentionally agitating you.”


 “Hmph, little brat.” Duke Long snorted, but a gratified emotion rose in his heart as he continued: “Master created the dragonman lifespan extension method so I could continue teaching you, to help you lead Heavenly Court and the whole of the human race, but I had never imagined fate Gu would give a revelation of dragonman supremacy.”


 “However, after the initial shock and fright, master gradually realized that fate Gu is a heaven path Gu worm, the way of heaven always takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits. Humanity has prospered, uniting the five regions and two heavens, we are flourishing much more than the variant human races of the past, this will naturally cause the Heavenly Dao to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits. This is the same situation as when Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable obtained fate Gu and caused humanity to reign supreme.”


 “However, master still continues to defend fate Gu, do you know why?”


 Red Lotus’s eyes shined with bright light as he asked: “Why?”


 Duke Long heaved a deep sigh: “Actually, fate Gu’s hidden threat was already raised by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable in his era. Humanity was united because of fate Gu. Almost all the humans gained the courage to resist the variant human races after learning who heaven sided with. However, once the fate of humans being supreme vanishes, what will the humans do then?”


 “This was no doubt a huge threat and this issue was not resolved even after Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable passed away. On his deathbed, he handed this heavy responsibility to his disciple. This disciple was the future Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, when her lifespan was near its end, she finally thought of a way to resolve this hidden crisis. That was assimilating with the Dao.”


 Red Lotus frowned: “Assimilating with the Dao?”


 “Indeed.” Duke Long continued to explain: “Fate Gu can only be controlled directly by the Heavenly Dao, human or variant human Gu Immortals can at most observe a thing or two and obtain some revelations. Maybe in the future, with the development of new paths that contest against each other, there may be a way to use fate Gu, but it is impossible for now.”


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought: Since she could not do anything to fate Gu, she might as well target the source itself! Thus, she sacrificed herself and by assimilating with the Dao, she used her own will to participate in the operations of the Heavenly Dao, interfering and influencing heaven’s will. Because heaven’s will was influenced, fate Gu could be grasped by Heavenly Court indefinitely.”


 “So that’s what happened!” Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s heart shook as he came to a realization: “Fate Gu’s web is called all-encompassing web. Everything in the world is bound by this web, to be arranged and controlled by Fate. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable directly manipulated heaven’s will and is thus able to influence fate Gu, making humanity reign supreme forever.”


 1“No wonder fate Gu is so important to Heavenly Court. No wonder Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements could stop three Demon Venerables including myself. No wonder Heavenly Court has stood undefeated, becoming the sacred land of humanity and the number one super force in the world!”


 Duke Long nodded: “Hong Ting, your intelligence has never disappointed master. The trend of the world is that there will be unification after prolonged division and division after prolonged unification. Have you seen any super force that could last forever? Looking at ourselves, people’s hearts are easy to change, they are filled with desires which can hardly be satisfied. Even stronger forces or familial fetters cannot fill the deficiencies of the human heart. Looking at external issues, if a powerful Gu Immortal is offended, it will usually result in the super force facing huge problems. If this Gu Immortal cultivated to rank eight, they quite likely could even completely exterminate a super force. In this world, individual strength can easily surpass a group.”


 “There will rarely be a super force that can last for a great number of years. But our Heavenly Court is an exception, why is it? Because we have fate Gu.”


 “Under the arrangements of fate, we have always been the sacred land of humanity, our internal affairs have always been harmonious, even if there are conflicts, they will be smoothly resolved through all kinds of coincidences and fated encounters. Our enemies usually cannot grow completely, even if there are rank eight enemies, they would gradually decline, and there won’t even be a need for Heavenly Court to make a move personally before the enemies die or even surrender because of all kinds of events.”


 “All these miracles were brought about through Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s sacrifice. Without her rank nine wisdom path cultivation, there is simply no way to interfere and alter the operations of the Heavenly Dao. However, even if it was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, her will was often disadvantaged when contesting against heaven’s will.”


 Red Lotus realized: “Like the revelation of dragonman supremacy?”


 “Yes. I was also shocked back then. But when I knew of this ancient secret, I chose to wait. Sure enough, not long later, fate Gu’s revelation changed once again, ‘dragonmen will reign supreme’ vanished, it went back to ‘humanity will reign supreme’.” Duke Long smiled: “Later, I went through Heavenly Court’s secret records and discovered such cases had occurred many times. Dragonmen will reign supreme is only the most recent one. The revelation of dragonmen reigning supreme is not reliable.”


 Red Lotus’s heart sank continuously.


 Since his master Duke Long already knew of this, then why did he listen to his questions?


 He suddenly realized: It was not him who had infiltrated Heavenly Court, but Duke Long who had been waiting for him, waiting for him to make inquiries and then tell him Heavenly Court’s ancient secret.


 Red Lotus stopped thinking about it as he looked at Duke Long.


 Duke Long smiled: “Hong Ting, master waited for you to tell you this and make you repent. You created Spring Autumn Cicada and can rebirth, this is truly a demonic behavior. It looks like you have hope of changing the past, but do you really?”


 “No.” Duke Long shook his head and said in a resolute tone.


 “Because above you, there is heaven, there is the Heavenly Dao, there is Star Constellation’s will, there is fate Gu’s revelation. How can you overturn heaven? How can you change the past?”


 “So what if you have the strength of a rank nine Demon Venerable? Limitless and Reckless Savage are the best examples. How long can a venerable live? The longest living one was Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable but it was still only twenty-five thousand years. And Heavenly Court? It has millions of years of history and accumulations. It has the sacrifice and protection of more than one Immortal Venerable. It has fate Gu. This is the big picture, can you topple such a deep foundation? Especially since you have been reborn, you are only using future self to gain rank nine battle strength. You are not yet a true rank nine venerable.”


 Red Lotus was silent.


 Even the powerful him felt constant helplessness against Heavenly Court.


 He could destroy Heavenly Court, but what use would that be?


 As long as fate Gu existed, Heavenly Court could be easily recreated. And because Star Constellation’s will was influencing heaven’s will, fate Gu would always decree that humanity reign supreme, Heavenly Court would also be the sacred land of humanity and would always be the number one force.


 Under fate’s control, all sorts of fortuitous encounters would be arranged and countless talents would actively side with or surrender to Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was not the crucial point, Star Constellation’s will and fate Gu were the most important elements.


 Star Constellation’s will...


 First of all, Red Lotus was not a wisdom path rank nine, he had no methods to deal with Star Constellation’s will which had assimilated with the Dao.


 Secondly, he did not want to deal with Star Constellation’s will. After all, Star Constellation’s will interfered with heaven’s will and protected the status of the human race, making humanity prosper eternally.


 Red Lotus only wanted to revive his family and loved ones, he never wanted to betray or harm his own race.


 So, there was only one answer left for Red Lotus Demon Venerable, that was to destroy fate Gu!



***
Chapter 1748 - Duke Long’s Sacrifice


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Destroying fate Gu would be harmful to humanity, but the five regions’ situation would still remain the same because of Star Constellation’s will.


 Without fate Gu, neither Heavenly Court nor the Heavenly Dao would be able to use it.


 In a situation where both sides were equal, the humans would have a huge advantage, why would they watch as other races got stronger?


 But Red Lotus was not an otherworldly demon, how would he be able to destroy fate Gu completely?


 Even after being reborn countless times, Red Lotus could not find a method which could destroy fate Gu completely. Thus in this rebirth, he came to persuade Duke Long to make him come over to his side and work together.


 But who could have expected Heavenly Court to have this kind of secret, Red Lotus’ plan failed.


 Experience was still the deciding factor.


 Red Lotus wanted to persuade Duke Long and Duke Long was also waiting for this chance to persuade his favored disciple.


 “Hong Ting, stop now.” Duke Long spoke earnestly: “I said all this so that you will come back. The righteous path is not only about glory and reputation, it is often accompanied by sacrifices. For humanity, for Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sacrificed herself! And you? Your parents and wife died in order to pave the road to Immortal Venerable for you. Their sacrifices were necessary and valuable. Do you still not understand it? Hong Ting! Stop this now!”


 “No, I won’t stop.” Red Lotus’s gaze was firm: “Forgive me, master, I have disappointed you again and again. But this is the path that I want to walk on.”


 Duke Long shook his head with a bitter expression and said: “I am not disappointed, I would be suspicious if you agreed instead. I know your will cannot be shaken easily, this was already within my estimation. So now, let your master use himself as an example to teach you.”


 “What do you mean?”


 Just as Red Lotus was confused, Duke Long activated an arrangement he had already prepared.


 Immortal killer move — Dragonman Extermination!


 Red Lotus’s bewildered expression was soon replaced by shock when he sensed this killer move’s nature and effect.


 Red Lotus shouted in shock: “Master, you actually killed all the dragonmen in the world?! Your children and grandchildren are among them. If I recall correctly, all your children and bloodline descendants should have already turned into dragonmen!”


 2“That’s right.” Duke Long’s body trembled, his voice was slightly shaky: “I am the ancestor of dragonmen, the first dragonman in the world. When I had created the method of dragonman transformation, I had already made this arrangement which allows me to use my identity as the ancestor to easily eliminate all other dragonmen.”


 “When the dragonmen reign supreme revelation appeared, I had thought of using this method. At that time, however, Star Constellation’s will manifested and instructed me to let the dragonmen live for the time being and use them in the future.”


 “I hesitated again and again. Hong Ting, you have also seen my children, grandchildren, and descendants. It was the greatest happiness for me to enjoy my old age with my grandchildren and family. Sigh, I am already old.”


 “Master...” Red Lotus wanted to speak but stopped, not knowing what to say to comfort Duke Long.


 Duke Long’s eyes reddened and were filled with tears, Red Lotus had never seen this side of Duke Long.


 He said while choking with tears: “I understand it clearly, even without the dragonmen reign supreme revelation, the dragonman race will always be a hidden threat to Heavenly Court and the human race. Because the dragonman race is different from the other variant human races, it was created by me, the members were originally human. It is like a bloodsucking leech that has attached itself to humanity, strengthening itself while sucking on the blood of humans.”


 “The dragonman lifespan extension method is only secondary to lifespan Gu for extending life, lifespan Gu are few, but how many billions of people want to extend their lifespan? The dragonman population will continue to increase while humans will become fewer and fewer.”


 “More terrifyingly, dragonmen are born from humans, naturally lowering the vigilance of humans. And with my reputation and the protection of being a venerable’s master, who can suppress or disturb the dragonmen?”


 “If this goes on, the dragonmen will suppress humanity someday in the future. If a mishap happens again and fate Gu reveals the revelation of dragonmen reigning supreme again, the consequences will be unimaginable.”


 Duke Long then looked deeply at Red Lotus: “When you entered Heavenly Court this time and tried to persuade me, I suddenly realized that this was the timing that Star Constellation’s will predicted. The dragonman race should not exist, but its extermination also needs to have value. This value is to persuade you, my disciple Hong Ting! Master wants to teach you the spirit of sacrifice, I will show you the spirit of the righteous path of humanity!”


 Red Lotus: “Master...”


 Duke Long’s body shook as he could not hold back his tears any longer.


 He had personally killed his children and descendants, his heart was filled with sorrow and pain like it had been cut by a knife, but there was not even a trace of regret.


 His voice suddenly rose as he shouted towards Red Lotus: “Hong Ting, my disciple! Your path is a dead end, you cannot win against Heavenly Court!”


 “Because Heavenly Court’s power is not just its superficial foundation or even fate Gu.”


 “Its power comes from the generations of Gu Immortals who do not hesitate to sacrifice themselves! They protect humanity and righteousness with each generation carrying on this will and moving forward!”


 “Without these sacrifices, humanity might still be trampled and enslaved by the variant human races, we would not have such a good life like now.”


 “Hong Ting, master taught you, Heavenly Court cultivated you, what you enjoyed were the fruits of the dedication and sacrifice of our predecessors from ancient times until now!”


 “So, come back, Hong Ting!”


 “Follow the arrangements of Fate.”


 1Red Lotus: “...”


 ...


 Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 Duke Long’s memory passed by in an instant, his gaze regaining its sharpness once again.


 He looked at the distant Dragon Palace and sneered: “Such a pity! Dragon Spirit, your existence was already deduced by Fairy Zi Wei. We are only playing you at your own game.”


 At the next moment, he activated an immortal killer move.


 He had once used this immortal killer move to persuade Red Lotus but it did not succeed.


 But now, it was more than enough to kill Bai Ning Bing!


 Immortal killer move — Dragonman Extermination!


 In an instant, Bai Ning Bing’s body shook violently, her heart felt like it was clenched by someone as she fell on the ground while coughing large mouthfuls of blood.


 Dragon Spirit cried out in shock: “What happened?!”


 It did not know the secret of the past.


 In truth, it had only taken birth long after the dragonman race was exterminated by Duke Long.


 Under Dragon Spirit’s frightened gaze, Bai Ning Bing quickly died, her corpse that was gradually losing heat was lying in the large Dragon Palace.


 3Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei walked out of the large formation that was imprisoning Spectral Soul.


 Heavenly Court’s battlefield was not cleared up yet, Fairy Zi Wei came to Spectral Soul’s prison to give a quick check.


 “I worried too much. Even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was savage and powerful, the current Spectral Soul is only a remnant soul with no Gu worms or immortal essence, how can it do anything? Let alone escaping this imprisonment.”


 “Oh? Dragon Spirit is also exposed, everything is going according to plan.” Fairy Zi Wei smiled when she observed this.


 She had deduced Dragon Spirit’s existence as she had doubts about it, an ownerless Dragon Palace was actually able to capture the Four Dragon Generals, it was extraordinary.


 After she deduced Dragon Spirit’s existence, when Dragon Spirit tried to hoodwink Duke Long and create a false impression that Duke Long had refined Dragon Palace, Heavenly Court was aware of it.


 Duke Long consulted Fairy Zi Wei, Fairy Zi Wei played Dragon Spirit at its own game, laying a trap that was Hidden Dragon Cave.


 This trap not only targeted the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, it also was a plot against Dragon Spirit and Di Zang Sheng.


 Without such a strategy, how would Fairy Zi Wei dare to use the killer move everybody’s vision and broadcast the battle in Infallible blessed land everywhere?


 Fairy Zi Wei entered an Immortal Gu House which held benevolence Gu.


 She thought to herself: “Now, it is time to deal with Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 1Infallible blessed land battlefield.


 Boom!


 Dragon Palace was sent flying away while Dragon Spirit screamed in panic.


 The dream path offensive killer move was broken, Heaven Overseeing Tower was restored back to its previous state and turned back to solid form. The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals inside the tower laughed heartily, their plan to bait the enemy was a great success.


 “Damn it, so this was all Heavenly Court’s scheme, the battle had never left their control!” Fang Yuan’s expression was heavy as he admitted: “We have lost this battle!”


 Bing Sai Chuan realized this as well but he still sent Gu Immortals to attack Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower retreated extremely quickly, making the Southern and Northern immortals feel even more despair.


 “Time to retreat!” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned, he had a rank eight killer move that used Fixed Immortal Travel as the core which could give him the chance to leave if used properly.


 However, at this time, a group of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals with Lu Wei Yin at the lead surrounded Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Fang Yuan’s side was like a cornered beast that counterattacked wildly.


 Lu Wei Yin saw the situation and used an immortal killer move, eight points sanctum.


 This move was a defensive killer move, it not only protected the user, it could also affect others.


 Eight points sanctum instantly formed a sand sphere that covered the Gu Immortals and blocked every immortal killer move.


 It even blocked Calamity Luck Altar’s killer moves.


 Everyone, both enemies and allies, was astonished. Lu Wei Yin’s strength had far surpassed their expectations.


 Lu Wei Yin’s display completely threw the Southern and Northern immortals into the abyss of despair.


 On the other side, Duke Long got free from Di Zang Sheng and charged towards Dragon Palace.


 Di Zang Sheng wanted to chase him but was held back by Heaven Overseeing Tower and other Immortal Gu Houses.


 “Duke Long, the greatest traitor of our people!” Dragon Spirit screamed as it hid in the depths of Dragon Palace.


 Duke Long would not be able to find it within a short period of time. He poured in his immortal essence without any regard for the expenditure, forcibly refining Dragon Palace once again.


 He laughed: “I have to thank you for resolving this troublesome Di Zang Sheng for us. Now, as long as I gain complete control of Dragon Palace, Di Zang Sheng will also submit to me, Heavenly Court will obtain the strongest immemorial desolate beast in history!”


 Dragon Spirit shouted in anger, cursing Duke Long for being despicable and sinister while using all its effort to block Duke Long’s forceful refinement as it hurriedly called for Di Zang Sheng.


 Di Zang Sheng roared repeatedly and attempted to break away from the obstruction.


 Heavenly Court’s defensive line was on the verge of breaking, but at the crucial moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower displayed its might again, activating fate vanquish.


 Di Zang Sheng bore the full brunt of the killer move and was suppressed fiercely.


 Over half of the Gu Immortals on Fang Yuan’s side were instantly killed by fate vanquish.


 The rank nine killer move’s power was truly too terrifying.


 Only Fang Yuan alone was immune to fate vanquish’s power.


 “Fang Yuan, don’t think you will survive.”


 “You cannot escape.”


 “These immortal killer moves were specially prepared for you! Have a taste.”


 Close to ten rank eight Gu Immortals surrounded Fang Yuan and a large amount of killer moves assaulted him from all directions, making it difficult for him to use Gu worms at the moment.


 “Trying to target my Spring Autumn Cicada? Damn it!” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth as he exerted all his efforts in trying to activate his killer moves.


 He did not hesitate to expend his dao marks, myriad sword ghost dragons flew out but were suppressed by Heavenly Court Gu Immortals let alone breaking past the defensive line.


 Suddenly, a dragon roar resounded throughout the battlefield, Di Zang Sheng’s enormous head collided into the encirclement that surrounded Fang Yuan.


 This legendary immemorial desolate beast was also in a hurry, it disregarded everything and endured countless killer moves to go reinforce Dragon Palace.


 “Hahaha, too late!” Duke Long laughed loudly, he had already refined Dragon Palace for most part and was about to grasp Dragon Spirit as well.


 Dragon Spirit shouted: “Even if I die, I won’t let you have your wish!”


 Boom!


 Dragon Palace self-detonated, countless fragments shot everywhere; the majestic Dragon Palace only had a small foundational floor and several pillars left.


 “This is the time!” Taking advantage of this chaos, Fang Yuan finally got free from some obstacles and his clone activated an immortal killer move — Spring Autumn Success!


 “The demon wants to counterattack, I will protect you all.” Lu Wei Yin shouted while activating eight points sanctum again, protecting countless Gu Immortals.


 “Now is the time!” At the exact same moment, Fairy Zi Wei quickly activated an immortal killer move — Benevolent Equality!


 Duke Long directly tore the eight points sanctum that was protecting him and carried the remnant Dragon Palace while charging towards Fang Yuan.


 He ran into Di Zang Sheng on the way but Di Zang Sheng actually lowered its head and showed submission!


 “Fang Yuan, you should also go and die.” Duke Long appeared before Fang Yuan like he had teleported.


 At the moment of life and death, Fang Yuan quickly activated every killer move he could, but they were all blocked or restrained by the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Bam.


 A muffled sound echoed, he was directly hit by Duke Long, his blood, flesh and bone fragments splattered everywhere as his soul dissipated completely.


 He was dead.


 Fang Yuan was dead, the final hope was also gone.


 4Bing Sai Chuan and the rest were like defeated soldiers as they stood dazed on the spot.


 Some took the initiative to surrender, while Bing Sai Chuan and some others gave a loud shout and attacked Duke Long.


 Duke Long sneered as he grabbed and punched, killing Bing Sai Chuan and the rest.


 After a while, there were either dead or surrendered Southern and Northern immortals; this long war had finally ended.


 “We won!”


 “Heavenly Court is mighty, Duke Long is mighty!”


 Many immortals rejoiced and Central Continent was even filled with cheers and scenes of jubilation.


 Duke Long swept his gaze around calmly before fixing it on Lu Wei Yin.


 Lu Wei Yin bowed: “What instructions does Lord Duke Long have?”


 Duke Long chuckled, saying with a deep meaning: “We owe you for lending benevolence Gu and siding with us in this battle, Heavenly Court won’t stint on your rewards.”


 Lu Wei Yin quickly thanked him.


 1Duke Long secretly transmitted to Fairy Zi Wei: “Did that killer move work?”


 Fairy Zi Wei: “Yes, do we attack Lu Wei Yin now?”


 Duke Long secretly replied: “Leave him be. If we harm him, who will dare to side with us later? That killer move is only an insurance, whether Fang Yuan rebirths or not, as long as I am around, what harm is there in repeating this again?”


 Duke Long took a heavy breath and said: “Our plan has finally been achieved.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s voice was choking with emotions: “That’s right, using the plan of repairing fate Gu, we lured the other four regions to invade and stimulated Central Continent’s people to have a common hatred for the enemy and eliminated internal spies. The great era is coming, our Central Continent is united, our Heavenly Court’s commands will be obeyed and implemented sincerely.”


 She knew Duke Long was about to die.


 Duke Long laughed heartily, he did not care about his death as he encouraged Fairy Zi Wei: “With you here, I can rest at ease.”


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals would not fight on the front lines, they were more useful when making plans for the big picture.


 “Master!” Right at this time, under Feng Jiu Ge’s protection, Feng Jin Huang arrived before Duke Long and wept.


 She also knew this was the final moment of Duke Long’s life.


 Duke Long stroked Feng Jin Huang’s head and said: “People have to die one day, fallen leaves return to their roots, how can a new generation emerge without the departure of the old? Disciple, don’t be sad.”


 At the same time, Duke Long secretly transmitted his voice and instructed: “Oh Huang Er, become an Immortal Venerable and lead Heavenly Court towards the peak. Our Central Continent is right in between the other four regions and it has no geographical advantage. But we have our own superiority, we possess the sect system which is long lasting. Previously, even with Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, we could only barely stabilize and maintain the situation. Countless sects, lone and demonic immortals were dissatisfied towards my Heavenly Court occupying so many cultivation resources.”


 “But after this battle, there are no internal threats left, the people’s hearts have changed, their will have merged and they want to take revenge. Heavenly Court is the place where the hearts of the people will be entrusted to. In terms of favorable condition, geographical advantage, and unity, Heavenly Court has existed for millions of years and possesses fate Gu, we already have favorable conditions. After this battle, we also have the strongest unity among the five regions. Go conquer them and unite humanity! Establish an unprecedented supremacy that will last for all eternity!”


 “Master can only do this much for you.”


 After saying this, Duke Long looked longingly towards the horizon.


 The setting sun dyed the clouds red in the horizon.


 The dying sunlight shone on Duke Long’s body.


 His dragon horns were broken but it made them look even more malevolent and domineering.


 His shining dragon eyes still had battle intent in them.


 His scales were scarred and broken, blood dyed them red, his dragon claws had taken the lives of countless rank eights.


 The Heavenly Court immortals surrounded him in the air, looking at him silently.


 No one spoke.


 Di Zang Sheng lowered its head, unmoving like a giant statue.


 Earth shook as it produced waves of deep, rumbling noises.


 At this moment, the regional walls that separated the five regions had completely disappeared. The earth veins were connected as the five separate regions merged into one!


 Without the obstruction of the regional walls, people could freely move through the five regions with no obstructions. At the same time, the differences in heaven and earth qi also disappeared gradually.


 Duke Long smiled, saying with anticipation for the future —


 “Ah... The great era has arrived.”


 This was his final sentence.


 He closed his eyes slowly.


 Heavenly dragon’s last stand, his time was up.


 Like this setting sun, the legend of a generation had passed away!


 But his invincible figure was deeply imprinted in the eyes of the countless people of Central Continent.


 His sacrifices and contributions were like a spiritual fire that burned in the hearts of countless people!


 Duke Long, Duke Long!


 1



***
Chapter 1749 - Clone’s Rebirth


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Surrounded by pitch-black space, there was a boundless river.


 It was flowing fast without stopping, its start and end could not be seen.


 Secluded Domain of Heaven and Earth — River of Time!


 Water of the River of Time was pale white and colorless, but countless ripples were colliding and creating beautiful colors at all times.


 Every ripple was a story, an event that occurred in the past.


 Innumerable droplets of water splashed and collided, the whole River of Time was like a river of fireworks that shined with dazzling and brilliant lights.


 A small Gu worm appeared which was covered in an emerald-green light, it dove into the water of the River of Time.


 This Gu worm’s head and stomach were brown and yellow, there were tree bark rings like marks on its surface which seemed to be a testament to its long life and dignity.


 The wings on its back were huge, they were translucent and resembled two overlapping tree leaves.


 The small Gu worm was inconspicuous in the large River of Time, it was smaller than an ant.


 After the Gu worm dove into the water, it displayed great determination as it went against the flow, moving upstream.


 ...


 Treasure yellow heaven.


 There was a commotion, Gu Immortals were discussing with each other.


 This commotion was caused by three rib bones along with a video of a battle.


 1“Unimaginable, this demon Fang Yuan already has such battle strength!”


 “Sigh, his growth is too fast, he is already a demonic path overlord of this generation.”


 “Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, and has used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he naturally has an enormous advantage in cultivation.”


 “I recognize her, this is Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Thunder Ghost True Monarch, who could have thought she would actually be suppressed by Fang Yuan!”


 “Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan, this is an old senior, she is still alive?”


 “So much for Central Continent’s Heavenly Court being regarded as the number one human force. They have been trying to capture Fang Yuan all along, and even sent a rank eight Gu Immortal, but look at this, Fang Yuan actually beat her up so miserably.”


 Inside Heavenly Court, Chen Yi’s expression looked unsightly and Fairy Zi Wei’s body trembled from anger.


 “Fang Yuan, this scoundrel is simply too sly!” Fairy Zi Wei said with gritted teeth. This was because the video in treasure yellow heaven only contained the part where Fang Yuan successfully counterattacked and pummeled Jing Lan.


 Chen Yi asked with a frown: “Lady Zi Wei, do we report this to Thunder Ghost True Monarch?”


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan was the most recently awakened expert of Heavenly Court.


 1Jing Lan chased after Fang Yuan but a moment of carelessness led to her being counterattacked by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used myriad dragons and directional confusion fog to delay her while he entered the depths of the regional wall.


 When Jing Lan chased after him again, Fang Yuan was already far away from her.


 Fairy Zi Wei could not deduce Fang Yuan’s exact location so Jing Lan had lost her way in the regional wall.


 “Zi Wei! Where is that demon Fang Yuan?” Jing Lan transmitted her voice, she was burning with rage so her tone was very blunt.


 What should have been an easy prey actually caused her to land in such an extremely miserable situation with serious injuries, how could the proud Jing Lan accept this fact?


 She gritted her teeth, desperately wanting to kill Fang Yuan and erase her shame!


 Fairy Zi Wei was silent for a moment before slowly informing Jing Lan.


 “What? Even you lost him?!” Jing Lan was furious and discontented.


 “Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment is already no longer the same as before. But he will go to Lang Ya blessed land no matter what. We have already made some arrangements there. Although we failed to capture this scoundrel, we have also made huge gains, not only did we waste a large amount of his immortal essence, we also forced him to reveal many trump cards. How could a Gu Immortal like him be dealt with in one battle?” Fairy Zi Wei gently persuaded Jing Lan.


 Jing Lan was silent, standing on the spot.


 After a while, she heaved a long sigh, her anger had dissipated.


 “I underestimated him, this person is astonishingly talented, he is indeed worthy of being the person chosen by heaven’s will and Shadow Sect. Next time we fight, I won’t make the same mistake.”


 “Compared to Fang Yuan, there is an even more troublesome matter...” Fairy Zi Wei tactfully informed Jing Lan of the matter in treasure yellow heaven.


 The calm mood Jing Lan had just regained was immediately overthrown by waves of anger: “What? This guy actually dared to sell my rib bones? Outrageous, simply outrageous!”


 Jing Lan immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven, and sure enough, saw her own rib bones being put for sale. Anger surged to her head, and her eyes turned bloodshot.


 Soon after, when Jing Lan saw the projection of the scenes where Fang Yuan pummeled her, she almost crushed her teeth: “Damn that guy... when he ends up in my hands later, I will tear off his skin, pull out his tendons, and grind his bones till they turn to dust!”


 1Fang Yuan retreated while paying close attention to treasure yellow heaven.


 He sneered inwardly.


 Although he lost the battle against Jing Lan, being able to achieve such a battle result against a rank eight with his rank seven cultivation was truly a glorious loss.


 Three rib bones and that video were actually Fang Yuan’s glorious flaunting of his battle strength!


 “Victory or defeat is secondary in a battle, the more important thing are the gains and losses. Although I lost this battle, the things I gained are what I need.”


 Fang Yuan had tried to regain his upper extreme heavenly eagle but was obstructed by Lu Wei Yin.


 Feng Jiu Ge had invaded Lang Ya blessed land and discovered wisdom Gu, he even took away Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan detonated Dang Hun Mountain, causing Thunder Ghost True Monarch to awaken. At the same time, Chen Yi’s karma divine tree could display its ability, which Fairy Zi Wei used to deduce his location.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch thus accurately ambushed Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan was able to escape due to all kinds of factors.


 “Heavenly Court discovered and invaded Lang Ya blessed land, they will absolutely attack again. Lang Ya blessed land is extremely important to me, I cannot lose it.”


 1“I must gather every force that can be used to fight Heavenly Court’s next invasion. The four races alliance can be used!”


 “My reputation has increased greatly after this battle, I will have even more power to express my opinion in the four races alliance and even be regarded as the hope of fighting rank eight by these variant human Gu Immortals.”


 While escaping quickly, there were Gu Immortals in treasure yellow heaven who inquired about the price of Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s rib bones.


 But why would Fang Yuan sell them?


 This was the best opportunity to damage Heavenly Court’s reputation and it was the opportunity for him to raise his own reputation. He was not going to be greedy over some profits and sell these three rib bones away.


 “I must grab every opportunity to damage and weaken Heavenly Court’s prestige, while also raising other Gu Immortals’ courage. When the crucial moment comes in the future, there will be even more Gu Immortals who will dare to oppose Heavenly Court.”


 “Furthermore, would there not be Heavenly Court’s members among these buyers? There must be. There is even a huge possibility of Thunder Ghost True Monarch being among them. Hehehehe.”


 Fang Yuan chuckled.


 He was being optimistic in these tough times but his mood was still heavy.


 Heavenly Court had discovered Lang Ya blessed land, who knew when they would attack again, this made Lang Ya blessed land a dangerous place.


 Once Lang Ya blessed land’s defense failed, it would be a heavy blow to Fang Yuan.


 Since long ago, Fang Yuan had been deepening his cooperation with Lang Ya Sect and had received huge help at many crucial times. Lang Ya blessed land could be considered an immense support to him.


 But it was not easy to resist Heavenly Court.


 With just him, Lang Ya blessed land and the four races alliance, was there really hope?


 “It is not the time to give up yet!”


 “When I return to Lang Ya blessed land, I will absorb the Long Hair true meaning. Even if Lang Ya blessed land’s defense fails, I will try to extract every possible benefit from Lang Ya Sect.”


 Just as he was thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s body suddenly shook and an immensely shocked expression appeared on his face.


 He was a demonic overlord who wore a constant poker face and was extremely shrewd, why would he turn so pale?


 Just a moment ago, Fang Yuan’s clone had told him extremely valuable information.


 “My clone was reborn?”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada brought the will of my future clone and returned to my time path clone.”


 “So my attempt had failed and Heavenly Court still managed to repair fate Gu completely!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression soon calmed down and the raging waves in his heart were also quickly pacified.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was deep and dark like the abyss.


 When he gave Spring Autumn Cicada to his time path clone, he had expected a possibility of such a situation. So he was able to quickly accept this fact.


 Heavenly Court’s strength made him feel like he was pressed down by an entire mountain range!


 “But isn’t this more interesting?” Fang Yuan’s eyes revealed a smile, but it was filled with coldness and mania.


 Fear?


 What was that?


 Even if he failed ten thousand times, a million times, or hundreds of billions of times, as long as there was a chance, Fang Yuan would never give up!



***
Chapter 1750 - Obtaining Steal Life Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 A large group of variant human Gu Immortals were waiting in front of teleportation Gu formation with anticipation.


 Suddenly, the immortal formation began to activate and let out a dazzling light.


 Standing in front of the variant human Gu Immortals was black haired land spirit who was immediately happy as he shouted: “He is back, he is back!”


 Behind him were the snowman, rockman, and inkman Gu Immortals who all had complicated expressions.


 Lang Ya blessed land had just been invaded by Heavenly Court, and due to the four races alliance agreement, these three variant human tribes had the responsibility to help the hairy men and protect Lang Ya blessed land from Heavenly Court.


 When Lang Ya land spirit requested their help, these three variant human tribes’ leaders were unwilling, they were filled with bitterness and regret towards the alliance agreement.


 But what use was their regret?


 They could not go against the alliance agreement.


 Even if they successfully violated the alliance agreement by some way, so what?


 At present, humanity was the ruler of the five regions, an undeniable overlord. The survival space for variant human tribes was extremely small, they could only live by allying with each other.


 This strategy was not wrong.


 It was just that the three variant human tribes had not thought Lang Ya Sect would actually attract Heavenly Court!


 What kind of existence was Heavenly Court?!


 This was the number one human force, a colossal organization that had existed for millions of years.


 Compared to Heavenly Court, the four races alliance was too minuscule and would not even be able to endure any setback.


 So when Lang Ya land spirit requested for help, these three races had been unwilling and had been making excuses.


 Who could have thought that at this time, Fang Yuan would put Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s rib bones for sale in treasure yellow heaven, this result invaded the variant human Gu Immortals’ hearts like a hurricane.


 They saw hope of resisting Heavenly Court.


 But the more important thing was Lang Ya blessed land now possessed rank eight level battle strength!


 If they refused Lang Ya land spirit’s request, besides having to face the backlash from breaking the alliance agreement, the three races would also have to face Fang Yuan, a Gu Immortal that could fight rank eight.


 The balance in their hearts had quickly inclined to one side, the snowmen were the first to change their standpoint, expressing full support for Lang Ya Sect. Following them were the inkmen and rockmen.


 “It was truly correct of me to take in Fang Yuan as an external supreme elder!” Lang Ya land spirit was greatly pleased at achieving his objective.


 After he got Fang Yuan’s message and knew he was returning, he had an inspiration and brought these variant human Gu Immortals to welcome Fang Yuan.


 The light dissipated and Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in front of everyone.


 The variant human Gu Immortals looked on with all sorts of expressions as Lang Ya land spirit greeted Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked around and laughed on the inside: “It is the same scene as my previous life. Lang Ya land spirit really has some political skills, using me to suppress the other allies.”


 But Fang Yuan did not want to engage in small talk and waste time for no reason. Just like in the previous life, he gave a nod to Xue Er and left.


 This small action, however, greatly excited the snowman Gu Immortals, while making the rockmen and inkmen feel envious.


 Because of the battle with Thunder Ghost True Monarch, Fang Yuan’s status had greatly risen in everyone’s hearts, but Fang Yuan’s mind was sober at this moment.


 After the rebirth, his battle strength was once again back to the peak of rank seven, he was simply nothing when compared to Heavenly Court.


 In fact, even in the previous life when he had peak rank eight battle strength, so what?


 Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit had a private conversation, Lang Ya land spirit returned Fang Yuan’s perceivable dao Immortal Gu and also told Fang Yuan that Heavenly Court had indeed planted some methods and harmful dao marks in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit was extremely worried.


 Because even after trying with all his strength, he could do nothing to these dao marks.


 Fang Yuan was well aware that these dao marks were a portion of Heavenly Court’s famous star cast killer move and were intentionally left by Feng Jiu Ge.


 In his previous life, when Heavenly Court initiated the second invasion, these dao marks turned into a spiral tunnel that directly transported four rank eight Gu Immortals in.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan obtained rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel but exposed his emperor yama killer move as well as his Suan Bu Jin identity, and even lost his ally, Lang Ya Sect.


 In the end, Fang Yuan retreated, Heavenly Court also had to retreat while Longevity Heaven became the one who benefited the most.


 Fang Yuan played dumb and replied to Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, don’t be too anxious, let me deduce first and plan on how to deal with this situation.”


 Lang Ya land spirit heaved a sigh: “Alright.”


 He found it strange, Fang Yuan actually did not mention even a word about the Long Hair true meaning, this did not match Fang Yuan’s usual personality.


 1However, Lang Ya land spirit also would not remind Fang Yuan, after all, although he had agreed to give it to Fang Yuan, he was still extremely unwilling to part with the Long Hair true meaning.


 Right now, wisdom Gu was still in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan arrived before wisdom Gu and stayed there for three days and three nights, using his time path clone to deduce continuously.


 This rebirth was somewhat special compared to the previous ones.


 The rebirth period was quite long ago, having traveled years into the past.


 But this was reasonable.


 Because Fang Yuan’s clone already had rank seven cultivation back then and Spring Autumn Cicada had also been advanced to rank seven, he had also used the killer move spring autumn success.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was killed while the time path clone self-detonated with much deeper foundation than before, Spring Autumn Cicada had more fuel and the rebirth would naturally go back a lot further in time.


 As for the first rebirth where Fang Yuan traveled back five hundred years with just rank six cultivation, it was the work of heaven’s will, it was a special situation!


 “Actually, there is also the killer move spring autumn target in Red Lotus’ true inheritance which can go back to a specific time. But this killer move cannot guarantee the success of rebirth, so I chose spring autumn success to remove the possibility of failure.”


 3Fang Yuan took a glance at Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The current Spring Autumn Cicada was not rank seven like in the previous life, it had returned to rank six.


 Moreover, because of the rebirth, its state was not optimal, it looked extremely lethargic and its body was brown like dying leaves. It required time to rest and recover.


 “In Red Lotus’ true inheritance, there are many killer moves that can hasten the recovery of Spring Autumn Cicada. Spring Autumn Cicada is indeed worthy of being Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu, its effect is truly too powerful.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 He was no longer a mortal Gu Master so there was no danger of Spring Autumn Cicada bursting his aperture.


 With the current progress, even without Fang Yuan speeding up Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery, it would recover completely by the time of Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention years later. At that time, Fang Yuan would be able to use spring autumn success once again.


 “But Heavenly Court is so strong, even if I can rebirth again and again, it would be no use if I don’t find a way to win against Heavenly Court.”


 Thinking of his previous life, Fang Yuan felt a mountain pressing down on him.


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was so unfathomable that it shook the world!


 Fang Yuan was still unable to see how many Gu Immortals there were in the immortal graveyard.


 Duke Long definitely had pseudo-Immortal Venerable battle strength, only Bo Qing might have the strength to contend against him. Fang Yuan himself was killed by Duke Long, Duke Long alone turned their strong invasion into an utter failure!


 Naturally, a venerable was an invincible existence, even Duke Long would not be able to compete against any of their killer moves.


 But with this, the exchange of moves between venerables across time and space along with their respective plans made the originally chaotic situation even more complicated.


 These venerables had arranged countless methods which influenced the whole situation again and again, Fang Yuan felt a headache recalling it.


 Besides Duke Long, there was also Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi, Li Huang, Qing Ye, Yuan Qiong Du and others.


 These Gu Immortals were elites and could not be looked down upon.


 Even more terrifying was their sacrificial mindset towards Heavenly Court, they were willing to contribute everything without fearing death.


 That kind of fanaticism towards Heavenly Court and humanity made Fang Yuan feel a trace of wariness and trepidation.


 “If I can’t find a way to win against Heavenly Court, it is useless even if I have the chance to rebirth countless times. To win against Heavenly Court, I have to try my best in this life and not let go of any chance to strengthen myself!”


 “I need to plan carefully.”


 Fang Yuan started to make plans.


 There was no doubt that skill and foresight were required to make use of rebirth.


 Although Fang Yuan had the advantage of future knowledge, he only had memories. He was no longer the same as before, he was the number one rank seven in the world, his every move had wide-ranging influence.


 If he changed many things for minuscule profits, the influence would become even greater and cause reality to experience huge changes, sharply lowering Fang Yuan’s rebirth advantage.


 But if he was too hesitant to make changes because of this, then he would not improve enough to become Heavenly Court’s match when the time comes.


 This required a good balance.


 There was also another crucial thing, he had to prevent other Gu Immortals from knowing he had been reborn again.


 The longer he could preserve this secret, the more beneficial it would be for him.


 Fang Yuan spent about sixteen hours to sort everything out, creating an enormous and meticulous plan.


 Fang Yuan called Lang Ya land spirit: “How many Immortal Gu do you have? Let me have a look at the list, I thought about it and felt that refinement path true meaning would not be useful to me. If there are suitable Immortal Gu, I might give up on refinement path true meaning and choose those Immortal Gu.”


 “Ah!” Lang Ya land spirit cried out in shock and joy: “Okay, I will immediately give you the list.”


 As far as Lang Ya land spirit was concerned, the symbolic meaning of the refinement path true meaning was too huge. It was just like what fate Gu was to Heavenly Court, besides its own power, it had emblematic psychological value as well.


 Previously, Lang Ya land spirit had lost Fang Yuan’s Dang Hun Mountain and according to the agreement, he had to compensate Fang Yuan with refinement path true meaning, but he had been very unwilling.


 Fang Yuan looked at the list and discovered steal life Immortal Gu was actually included!


 In his mind, he nodded in satisfaction. He could see from this that Lang Ya land spirit did not hide anything.


 In the past, Fang Yuan had used Spectral Soul’s true inheritance to exchange for Long Hair true inheritance from Lang Ya land spirit, both sides had held back, not exchanging their trump cards.


 Lang Ya Sect had Long Hair refinement path true meaning, Long Hair refinement path formation, omnipresent four seas, refinement water, steal life Immortal Gu, Heavenly Giant Solor, the agreement with Longevity Heaven, and so on, these would not be taken out to exchange with Fang Yuan.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had obtained refinement path true meaning from Lang Ya land spirit, raising his refinement path attainment level to quasi-supreme grandmaster level!


 This choice was not wrong as the refinement path attainment level had provided Fang Yuan with a huge help.


 But now that Fang Yuan had been reborn, his attainment level in refinement path was the same as in his previous life, it was still at quasi-supreme grandmaster. So refinement path true meaning was useless to Fang Yuan.


 1This was because the attainment level of Fang Yuan’s main body was always shared with the time path clone.


 Unlike Spectral Soul’s clones, Fang Yuan’s main reason for creating the time path clone was to make the time path clone bathe in the light of wisdom and help him deduce things. How could this work without shared attainment levels?


 Now, although it was only the time path clone who had reborn, his attainment level was the same as before, so the attainment levels of Fang Yuan’s main body naturally rose as well.


 Thus, Fang Yuan made a different choice in this life: “I choose steal life Immortal Gu, and also these... hmm, give me all the time path Immortal Gu.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was dazed for a moment before quickly agreeing: “Okay!”



***
Chapter 1751 - I Know What I Am Doing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan looked at steal life Immortal Gu closely.


 This Immortal Gu resembled a bee, it was the size of an adult fist, its body was covered in alternating gold and black stripes and its whole body was covered with a layer of thin red radiance. When it moved, this red light would brighten.


 The most eye-catching part was the bee’s stinger, it was extremely thin and sharp, its length surpassed the body itself, reaching that of an adult’s forearm.


 According to rumors, steal life Immortal Gu was the first Immortal Gu obtained by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, its origin was extraordinary.


 Fang Yuan looked at steal life Immortal Gu and was immersed in thoughts: “Although Thieving Heaven is a Demon Venerable, his nature is mild and not bloodthirsty, he is completely different from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. But because of this nature, he created theft path.”


 Fang Yuan knew a lot about Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was an otherworldly demon, he wholeheartedly wanted to return to his original world. His nature was mild and he did not enjoy killing, he only gathered resources and cultivated constantly, searching for a way to return home.


 What to do?


 Facing this question, theft path was the answer he created!


 The ten venerables were the most outstanding characters in history.


 After Fang Yuan was reborn, he became even more interested about these venerables and placed even greater importance on them.


 It could be said that in Fang Yuan’s previous life, in the unprecedented battle which started based on fate Gu’s restoration project, venerables played a key role, every time a venerable made a move, it would almost change the entire battle situation.


 The unparalleled strength and farsighted planning of each venerable left an extremely deep impression on Fang Yuan.


 Suddenly, a light of inspiration flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Limitless, Star Constellation, Primordial Origin, Genesis Lotus, Giant Sun, Red Lotus, and Paradise Earth, all of them used various kinds of methods to take part in the five regions chaotic war.”


 “Only Thieving Heaven, Reckless Savage, and Spectral Soul did not make a move.”


 “No, Spectral Soul was already taken captive and only his remnant soul remained, how could he have any power to make a move? I, who inherited Shadow Sect’s true inheritance and led Shadow Sect to battle, can be considered as his move.”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is incomparably bold and has the deepest killing intent. After death, he accumulated strength, reaching the terrifying achievement of having great grandmaster attainment in every path, just based on his attainment levels, he can be considered as the number one person in history, surpassing all the past venerables.”


 “But even he has to follow the most fundamental law. Without any immortal essence or Gu worms, and having only a remnant soul left, he had no tools to do anything and could only be a captive of Heavenly Court.”


 “So did Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Reckless Savage Demon Venerable predict the five regions chaotic war or not?”


 “Both of them should have been able to predict it. After all, both Primordial Origin and Limitless left behind their arrangements, these two are also similarly rank nine venerables and were born later as well, how could they not have deduced it?”


 “They deduced this battle, so did they leave behind any arrangements to intervene?”


 “It is possible that Thieving Heaven only thought about returning home, but what about Reckless Savage? He was one of the Demon Venerables who attacked Heavenly Court. He should have left a lot of arrangements.”


 1“They were not exposed in my previous life, but can I find Reckless Savage’s arrangements in this life and use them?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened at this thought, this was an excellent method!


 Facing a colossal force like Heavenly Court, unless he could advance to rank nine venerable, he would have to borrow the strength of others.


 At this time, Lang Ya land spirit interrupted Fang Yuan’s thoughts: “Fang Yuan, you now have rank eight steal life Immortal Gu, this means you have five rank eight Immortal Gu in your hands! Hehe, it is truly unbelievable. You only have rank seven cultivation but actually possess five rank eight Immortal Gu! Such a situation has rarely happened even in the whole of history.”


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed with deep emotions.


 Fang Yuan had obtained steal life Immortal Gu, he also had Attitude, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, and Soul Beast Token, he had five rank eight Immortal Gu indeed.


 This naturally did not include wisdom Gu because wisdom Gu was rank nine!


 Lang Ya land spirit had been paying attention to Fang Yuan all along and was quite aware of his situation.


 Fang Yuan smiled nonchalantly.


 How could he tell Lang Ya land spirit that he would still obtain more rank eight Immortal Gu in the future, like Spring, Summer, Big Qi, and Regret?


 If he said it, wouldn’t it scare Lang Ya land spirit?


 “It is just that this steal life Immortal Gu has a flaw. Back then, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left it behind, he was worried this Gu would bring catastrophe to people, thus he only left behind three chances to use it. In my previous life, in the battle to defend Lang Ya, the chances were used to kill Thunder Ghost True Monarch, then steal life Immortal Gu was destroyed by Chen Yi using karma divine tree.”


 “This is not the only flaw of Steal Life. Using steal life Immortal Gu alone does not distinguish between enemies and allies, while it targets enemies, it will endanger the user as well. This is quite an awkward result.”


 “So, now that I have obtained steal life Immortal Gu, I will have to deduce some killer moves to remove this flaw at least.”


 “If possible, it would be even better if I could lift the limit of using steal life Immortal Gu for three times only.”


 Various thoughts flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 However, he was aware that steal life Immortal Gu’s three usage limit was set by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it would be extremely difficult for him to resolve it.


 While thinking of these, Fang Yuan smiled at Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, this steal life Immortal Gu seems like it can only be used three times? Do you know why that is the case?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was inwardly shaken.


 Fang Yuan actually saw through it!


 How was this possible?


 This was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s method, even he himself was unable to sense it. No clues could be seen from the outside.


 Even when the previous land spirit used all kinds of refinement path methods, he was unable to sense the limits placed by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan only took several glances and he understood it clearly?!


 Lang Ya land spirit blurted out with a shocked expression: “How did you discover it?”


 The moment he said this, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, because this question was no doubt confirming Fang Yuan’s words.


 He coughed and said with an awkward expression: “It was not that I intentionally hid it from you, I was planning to tell you.”


 Although land spirits could not lie, they could think and scheme. Like the black haired land spirit, he was ambitious and had good leadership as well. The previous white haired land spirit was more proficient in enduring silently and managed to develop Lang Ya blessed land very well.


 The black and white land spirits each had their own strengths.


 The black haired land spirit ‘intended to say the truth’ but his idea was ‘saying the truth after Fang Yuan discovered the flaw’, it was not considered lying.


 Fang Yuan looked at black haired land spirit and said with a faint smile: “First supreme elder, I wanted to exchange for refinement path true meaning, just these Immortal Gu won’t do. Steal Life is also in this state, you need to add some things to fill in the difference.”


 The black haired land spirit rolled his eyes and mumbled: “I know this. Speak, what else do you want?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I have a suggestion.”


 He said his suggestion, the general idea was to deepen the collaboration with the other three races, by using Lang Ya Sect’s accumulation to exchange for the time path Immortal Gu that the three variant human races had.


 Lang Ya land spirit was surprised: “You still want to exchange for time path Immortal Gu? Are you thinking of developing in time path?”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 This was necessary.


 He currently had yet to kill Xia Cha and lacked Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter, these four time path Immortal Gu. He also had not gotten rank seven edge Gu from Tie Qu Zhong yet and could not use time cutting edge either.


 Fang Yuan’s time path Immortal Gu came mainly from two sources, the most important of them came from Hei Fan’s true inheritance, while the others were some Gu worms left from Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level was at quasi-supreme grandmaster, his time path was too!


 Adding on that Red Lotus’ true inheritances were still in the River of Time, Fang Yuan would need to go into the River of Time.


 Thus, he naturally needed powerful battle strength in the aspect of time path!


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded: “Then I shall swallow my pride and discuss with the other three races. Fang Yuan, the important thing now is still Heavenly Court. We need to quickly get rid of the harmful dao marks in the blessed land before secretly relocating as quickly as possible.”


 Fang Yuan quickly comforted the anxious black haired land spirit: “I know what I am doing, relax. I am gathering these time path Immortal Gu to deal with Heavenly Court as well. I have some plans to deal with the harmful dao marks in Lang Ya blessed land, I will modify our super immortal formation after some time as well.”


 “That’s good.” The black haired land spirit patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder and left.


 His actions were extremely efficient, he settled the discussions not long later and gave the time path Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Counting in the time path Immortal Gu from Lang Ya Sect’s treasury as well as those exchanged from the variant humans, there were five, three rank six and two rank seven.


 Among the rank seven, there was time concealment Immortal Gu and time needle1 Immortal Gu, among the rank six, the Immortal Gu were Yesterday, Ten Days, and Successive Years.


 To Fang Yuan, the most helpful one was time concealment Immortal Gu as this Gu could conceal the Gu Immortal, he was extremely happy to have obtained it.


 Time needle Immortal Gu was an offensive Gu which would shoot out thin needles towards the enemies once activated.


 The remaining three rank six Gu were just passable and would at most be used as supplementary Immortal Gu.


 2A day later.


 Large amounts of rank eight immortal materials were thrown down and formed into a multicolored whirlpool.


 Wisdom Gu dove into the vortex of its own accord like a cat that had smelled fish.


 Fang Yuan opened his sovereign immortal aperture and stored the multicolored whirlpool inside.


 Back then, Lang Ya land spirit had used this method to deceive wisdom Gu into moving to Lang Ya blessed land from Hu Immortal blessed land.


 This method was used in Fang Yuan’s previous life as well.


 This time, although he was familiar with it, he pretended like it was the first time he saw it and praised Lang Ya land spirit endlessly.


 To hide the secret of his current rebirth, he needed to start concealing it from these small details.


 The black haired land spirit was praised by Fang Yuan, but his disappointed feelings were already revealed.


 “Sigh, my heart feels so empty now.” Black haired land spirit heaved a deep sigh, he had been coveting wisdom Gu for a long time. He had not expected it would still go to Fang Yuan in the end, and he had even spent a large amount of lifespan Gu in the process of feeding it.


 But he could do nothing about it, under the threat of Heavenly Court’s invasion, the black haired land spirit had to accept this no matter how unwilling he was, to prevent wisdom Gu from ending up in Heavenly Court’s hands!


 “Take a look at this Immortal Gu recipe, we will refine this Immortal Gu next.” After Fang Yuan collected wisdom Gu, he gave an Immortal Gu recipe to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit looked carefully: “Myriad self Immortal Gu?”


 “Right. This Gu can greatly increase my battle strength and it will be helpful in dealing with Heavenly Court.” Fang Yuan said while walking out of this valley: “Start preparing, I will go to gather the eight main immortal materials.”


 “Oh, wait a moment, didn’t you want to modify the blessed land’s formation?”


 Fang Yuan waved his hand without even turning around: “Don’t worry, I know what I am doing.”


 Lang Ya land spirit: “...”



***
Chapter 1752 - Killing Immortals, Plundering Loo


***





 Chapter 1752 Killing Immortals, Plundering Loo


 Northern Plains.


 Autumn blade plain.


 A Gu Immortal walked barefooted on the grassland.


 He was tall and well-built, and had a bronze luster to his skin. He was wearing an armored vest that revealed his shoulders. His pants were rolled up, revealing his calves.


 Every step he walked, there would be bloody footprints left on the grassland.


 He was Meng Tu.


 Blade path quasi-great grandmaster, rank seven Gu Immortal with peak rank seven battle strength, he was one of the top three experts among Meng tribe’s rank seven elites!


 In order to breakthrough in his blade path attainment level, Meng Tu chose to guard autumn blade plain, imitating Ren Zu’s actions and almost ignoring the outside world completely.


 He was dead silent as he walked step by step in autumn blade plain, his eyes were shut as he concentrated deeply, trying to comprehend the profundity of blade path.


 Suddenly, he opened his eyes!


 He saw that monsters were emitting shrill shrieks as they attacked him.


 These monsters were horrifying in appearance, they had human shapes but had malevolent and terrifying faces, they had knife-like claws, their eyes were filled with blood, their intense killing intent made Meng Tu’s hair stand on end.


 “What in the world is this?!” Meng Tu was shocked and furious.


 After fighting against these monsters, he was shocked to realize that each of them had rank seven battle strength!


 Even with his peak rank seven battle strength, against this unceasing wave of monsters, he had no choice but to retreat.


 But right when he was about to retreat, the monsters attacking him self-detonated.


 This sudden event was out of Meng Tu’s expectations, he was truly caught off guard.


 Boom boom boom!


 The monsters continued to self-detonate with great power, Meng Tu retreated while he spat out blood.


 “These monsters are working together in a tight formation, they have great coordination, there must be a Gu Immortal controlling them! I wonder if they are a soul path or enslavement path Gu Immortal?”


 Meng Tu was uncertain and worried, he was about to seek help from his tribe when the world suddenly changed colors.


 By the time Meng Tu reacted, he was already trapped inside an immortal battlefield.


 “This immortal battlefield was set up so quickly?!” Shock flashed across Meng Tu’s eyes.


 Until this point, he had not even seen the enemy’s face yet.


 “Sir, who are you, why are you being enemies with my Meng tribe?” Meng Tu shouted.


 The mastermind Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he started to prepare Luo Po seal while ignoring him.


 Fang Yuan did not have Wu Yong’s concealment method, once he started preparing Luo Po seal, intense winds blew, the overwhelming aura permeated the entire yama battlefield.


 His location was thus exposed.


 Meng Tu’s sharp gaze looked over, he saw that Fang Yuan was an ordinary looking Gu Immortal, wearing a gray robe and looking very much like a common passerby.


 But Fang Yuan’s current aura made Meng Tu incredibly astounded.


 In fact, Meng Tu was dazed: “He only has peak rank seven cultivation, how can he use a rank eight killer move?”


 In truth, Luo Po seal was only quasi-rank eight, but it had immense aura. Because Fang Yuan did not have rank eight immortal essence yet, the Luo Po seal he activated now had been modified and weakened a little.


 Meng Tu gritted his teeth, charging at Fang Yuan.


 Northern Plains Gu Immortals were this courageous after all!


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he was relaxed and calm, as if Meng Tu did not exist.


 A large number of human-shaped yama children appeared and blocked Meng Tu with their lives.


 The number of yama children sent Meng Tu into despair!


 Once Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal was ready, he attacked from afar.


 Due to the yama children’s obstruction, Meng Tu could not dodge anywhere, he was hit by Luo Po seal.


 Instantly, he expression turned pale and ghastly.


 He was dead.


 His soul dissipated completely, not a trace was left.


 Fang Yuan started collecting his loot.


 Meng Tu’s body was intact, his immortal aperture was also left behind, there were many cultivation resources and three Immortal Gu inside.


 In the previous life, Meng Tu self-detonated, Fang Yuan only obtained bladewing Immortal Gu, his gains were much higher now.


 After dispelling yama battlefield, Fang Yuan looted the whole of autumn blade plain.


 The drinking blade wine that was buried underground was his main goal, Fang Yuan also collected it.


 Other than that, there was a vast number of mortal edge Gu.


 Forget about immortal level edge Gu, it was in the hands of Southern Border Gu Immortal Tie Qu Zhong.


 “Meng Tu self-detonated in my previous life, it was out of my expectations, his blade path dao marks were left in this autumn blade plain, making the potential of this place extraordinary.”


 “But in this life, Meng Tu was killed by me before he even thought of self-detonating. Now that I plundered everything here, this autumn blade plain is as good as history.”


 Fang Yuan took nearly everything, he swept through the area with a cold gaze before he turned around and left.


 He did not return to Lang Ya blessed land, because he still had immortal materials to collect.


 There were four main immortal materials for refining myriad self Immortal Gu, they were drinking blade wine, edge Gu, front-back divine obstruction needle, and floating life fire.


 He had the first two now, only the latter two were left.


 Fang Yuan came to Divine Needle Valley.


 This was an artificial valley that rank seven Gu Immortal Sleeping Lady purposely created for the divine hedgehog.


 Sleeping Lady was a rank seven Northern Plains lone immortal who did not have outstanding battle strength, but she controlled an immemorial desolate beast divine hedgehog that was a sword path immemorial desolate beast.


 The divine hedgehog had an ability to shoot out all the spines on its body, which was extremely fast and had terrifying power that could slaughter anyone it hit.


 If Sleeping Lady and the divine hedgehog cooperated well, there was a chance of killing Meng Tu.


 Precisely so, in the previous life, Meng Zi Zai and Meng Zhao from Meng tribe investigated Meng Tu’s death and had actually suspected Sleeping Lady.


 Fang Yuan came to Divine Needle Valley but did not enter, he used the same trick as earlier, sending the yama children to attack.


 Soon, Sleeping Lady’s shocked screams could be heard in the valley: “Such guts! You dare to attack my Divine Needle Valley!”


 The yama children exploded one by one as Sleeping Lady fled, cutting a sorry figure.


 “Want to join up with the divine hedgehog?” Fang Yuan sneered, he used the remaining force of the yama children’s self-detonation to rapidly form yama battlefield, trapping Sleeping Lady inside.


 Sleeping Lady had almost the same reaction as Meng Tu: “What immortal battlefield is this? It is so fast!”


 Fang Yuan slowly showed up: “Of course it is. But compared to rumor cage, this is still too slow.”


 Sleeping Lady looked at Fang Yuan with a wary expression: “Sir, who might you be? Do we have any grudges between us? Please let me off, we can negotiate if you need anything.”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I want your life.”


 Sleeping Lady’s expression turned pale.


 The yama children attacked together, Sleeping Lady held on desperately in this situation as she screamed: “Spare me, I will do anything you want! Wait, I will teach you the method to control the divine hedgehog, how about that? I will use this in exchange for my life!”


 Fang Yuan looked at her plainly: “Stop acting, how can someone who was able to survive between Murong tribe and Meng tribe be such a coward?”


 Seeing that Fang Yuan exposed her, Sleeping Lady roared as she displayed her true battle strength.


 Her strength was not low, it was quite different from the outside world’s evaluation, she managed to fight a way out of the yama children’s encirclement.


 But so what?


 She could not break out of the yama battlefield, she was still a fish caught in the net.


 Fang Yuan started to prepare Luo Po seal.


 Sleeping Lady rushed towards him and attempted to stop Fang Yuan from using his move.


 But her strength was much lower than Meng Tu, if he could not stop Fang Yuan, how could she?


 Sleeping Lady smiled bitterly: “I am just a lone immortal who does not offend anyone, I usually stay home and rarely go out, I just wanted to develop my small business here. To think that trouble would come to me even when I am home. You devil, one day, you will face your retribution! All your evil acts will be repaid to you a hundredfold! You will end up like me!”


 She cursed Fang Yuan loudly, venting the anger and fear in her heart.


 Fang Yuan’s voice was icy cold: “It seems that you do not know your sin yet.”


 Sleeping Lady stared with wide eyes: “What sin do I have?”


 She was extremely angry, not only was Fang Yuan trying to kill her, he was also slandering her.


 Sleeping Lady smiled coldly: “You are a demonic path Gu Immortal but you are trying to slander your enemies like a righteous path hypocrite? Hmph, simply ridiculous! You do not even deserve a bit of respect from me.”


 “You want to know your sin? Your weakness is a sin!” Saying this, Fang Yuan shot out Luo Po seal.


 As expected, Sleeping Lady was hit by this move as her defenses broke like thin paper, she died on the spot.


 Fang Yuan kept her corpse and immortal aperture, the only downside was that Sleeping Lady had self-detonated all of her Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan dispelled yama battlefield, he disguised himself as Sleeping Lady as he stored all of the front-back divine obstruction needles from the divine hedgehog.


 The divine hedgehog’s battle strength fell to rock bottom, Fang Yuan directly suppressed it and sent it into his immortal aperture.


 As for this Divine Needle Valley, Fang Yuan did not let it off.


 He used pulling mountain Immortal Gu to directly take it away, stuffing it into his immortal aperture, nothing was left behind!



***
Chapter 1753 - Retrieving Red Lotus“ True Inheritance Again


***





 Chapter 1753 Retrieving Red Lotus“ True Inheritance Again


 Northern Plains.


 In an ordinary grassland, there was nobody around.


 Suddenly, a mystical light appeared in the sky, four Gu Immortals emerged.


 They were Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit.


 After rebirth, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, along with Sixth Hair who was inside Lang Ya Sect as a spy, had not been sacrificed yet, they were all alive.


 “Alright, you can go back and cultivate.” Fang Yuan opened the entrance of the sovereign immortal aperture as the three Gu Immortals went in.


 All of these remaining Shadow Sect Gu Immortals were inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, cultivating.


 Fang Yuan needed them to assemble the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel, this was the method that allowed Fang Yuan to move rapidly across large distances.


 Omni-directional Travel was very important to Fang Yuan now, it made up for his weakness in movement.


 After Fang Yuan lost Fixed Immortal Travel, this move replaced it and helped Fang Yuan get out of many dangerous situations.


 “But Fixed Immortal Travel is still the more convenient to use.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 After leaving Divine Needle Valley, he moved through more than half of Northern Plains before arriving here.


 The aura of Omni-directional Travel could not be concealed, it drew attention, Fang Yuan purposely made some detours here and there, he had to go around several super forces stealthily.


 If he had Fixed Immortal Travel, it would not be so troublesome.


 Fang Yuan added in his head: “Of course, Fixed Immortal Travel has to be rank seven for me to use it well.”


 “By now, Feng Jiu Ge should already have rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel?”


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had stolen rank seven Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel from Feng Jiu Ge using great thief ghost hand in the battle of Lang Ya.


 This Gu worm was very useful to Fang Yuan.


 Even after becoming rank eight, rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel could become the core of a space path immortal killer move, the killer move’s power was sufficient to help Fang Yuan travel around the world with ease.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was really convenient, it was a top tier space path Immortal Gu, its user could basically go anywhere they desired.


 Omni-directional Travel was useful but inferior to Fixed Immortal Travel, be it the five regional walls or the heavenly wind qi wall, or even the number of people needed to use it.


 “In my previous life, I was lucky and stole Fixed Immortal Travel using great thief ghost hand. But this method is unreliable, it requires luck. How can I ensure that I obtain Fixed Immortal Travel this time around?”


 Fang Yuan was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada, he brought back precious information, attainment levels and killer moves, but his luck had also fallen drastically.


 These last days, he had been using luck path methods to sustain his own luck.


 But in terms of luck path, the truth was that even though he explored Imperial Court blessed land and destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, his luck path gains were far less than the world thought.


 As Fang Yuan’s cultivation level rose, these luck path methods were starting to fall behind.


 “But thankfully, in the previous battles, be it Meng Tu or Sleeping Lady, their battle strength is inferior to mine, even with lower luck, it was not a problem.”


 Fang Yuan was quite satisfied with the two battles earlier.


 The entire situation was within his control.


 This feeling of controlling everything that happens was truly wonderful!


 In the previous life, he lacked a powerful attacking method like Luo Po seal, he could only rely on great thief ghost hand to win through a surprise attack, or to use myriad dragon and yama children for a battle of attrition, it was quite troublesome.


 This resulted in Meng Tu self-detonating, and Fang Yuan being forced to escape during the battle of Lang Ya blessed land.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan took many risks and spent a vast amount of effort and time to deduce Luo Po seal, he only succeeded during the Five Regional Mountain Range battle, he used it to capture rank eight Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang alive, shocking even Wu Yong.


 This time around, he could use Luo Po seal from the start, the effect was clear and evident.


 After killing Meng Tu and Sleeping Lady, Fang Yuan had three of the main immortal materials for myriad self Immortal Gu, he only needed the floating life fire now.


 According to his previous life’s experience, Fang Yuan did not need to find the floating life fire personally, after some time, Central Continent Gu Immortal Zhang Ji would sell it in treasure yellow heaven. By then, Fang Yuan could just buy a bit from him.


 Fang Yuan came to this ordinary looking plain for other purposes.


 He landed and after hesitating for a bit, he activated an immortal killer move.


 Burning soul bursting luck!


 “My soul foundation is not high now, I need to be careful with using burning soul bursting luck. But this time, I am entering the River of Time, to play safe, I need to use it.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 In the previous life, many Gu Immortals made deductions on him, they had been doing it all the way until Fang Yuan used rebirth again.


 Although none of the deductions succeeded because of emperor yama, it expended Fang Yuan’s soul foundation in order to block deductions.


 Right now, Fang Yuan still had a batch of guts Gu, but his soul cultivation had been stopped. Dang Hun Mountain had just self-detonated in Fairy Zi Wei’s hands, Fang Yuan needed a lot of time before he could restore Dang Hun Mountain to its peak condition again from that tiny fragment.


 After using burning soul bursting luck, Fang Yuan’s luck rose but it still could not be compared to his previous life at the same time period.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s downside was immense, the higher his cultivation level, the lower his luck became. It was truly a wonder how Red Lotus Demon Venerable dealt with it in his time.


 Fang Yuan continued to activate Gu worms as he moved around the plains in a circle. He stomped lightly as he activated the natural formation here.


 Next, he went inside the immortal formation, vanishing on the spot.


 Similar to Southern Border, there was also a natural tributary of the River of Time here, after Shadow Sect found it, they used formation path methods and the natural dao marks here to create an immortal level formation, concealing this place and preventing anyone from finding it.


 Fang Yuan looked at the tributary of the River of Time as time path mortal Gu flew out of the river, floating above the river.


 Fang Yuan calmed his mind, carefully using a time path immortal killer move.


 This move was created by him days ago, he had not named it yet, its main purpose was to conceal one’s own existence and protect against deductions.


 After using this move, Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he jumped into the tributary of the River of Time.


 Flowing in the tributary of the River of Time, he quickly entered the main river.


 Far away, an Immortal Gu House floated on top of the River of Time, river water flowed beneath it as ripples and waves crashed continuously.


 This Immortal Gu House was designed as a pavilion that was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic in appearance. The cover was made of yellow grass, the pillars were grey white rocks that were not polished. There was a folding screen in the pavilion consisting of multiple panels, it was the most elegant decoration in there.


 There were four Gu Immortals in this pavilion, three male and one female.


 They were the Four Xunzi from Central Continent’s Spirit Butterfly Valley, they cultivated time path and had rank seven cultivation level, they were quadruplets with a close relationship with each other.


 Fang Yuan used the Red Lotus true inheritance that Spectral Soul found to get rid of Heavenly Court’s Lord Huang Shi, it caused Heavenly Court to experience a lack of time path experts.


 Even though the Four Xunzi were not Heavenly Court members, they had great strength and were loyal, Fairy Zi Wei promoted them personally. Right now, they were guarding the River of Time inside Present and Past Pavilion. Once Fang Yuan entered the River of Time, they would notice it immediately.


 “Oh?” At this time, Shang Xunzi gasped lightly.


 “What is it?” From among the four, the youngest and the only sister Xun Guo Zi asked.


 The eldest brother, Shang Xunzi, pointed at the folding screen in Present and Past Pavilion, he said with hesitation: “I think I saw a ripple earlier on one of the panels.”


 “You did?” Zhong Xunzi and Xia Xunzi looked at each other.


 “Then let’s check it.” Xun Guo Zi had a vibrant and cheerful nature, but because this was an important mission, she did not fool around.


 The Four Xunzi activated Present and Past Pavilion, they inspected for tens of times but could not find anything amiss.


 Everything was normal.


 “I guess I saw wrongly, haha.” Shang Xunzi was a little embarrassed.


 “Brother, don’t be too nervous. That Fang Yuan is only at the peak of rank seven, we Four Xunzi can defeat him even without Present and Past Pavilion.” Zhong Xunzi consoled.


 Even though Lord Huang Shi died, Heavenly Court had investigated fully, they knew about his usage of Red Lotus’ true inheritance and also Fang Yuan’s current time path battle strength.


 Xun Guo Zi giggled: “Don’t worry, don’t worry, even if all of you die, as long as I survive, you will be revived.”


 “Hmm, you’re cursing your brothers now?”


 “Oh you...”


 “You are really naughty!”


 “Brothers, spare me!”


 Present and Past Pavilion was filled with laughter.


 These four who were toying around and having fun would never expect that Fang Yuan was already inside the River of Time!


 In his previous life, Present and Past Pavilion found him even though he had an incomplete Immortal Gu House.


 But now, it was different!


 Firstly, Fang Yuan was only facing Present and Past Pavilion, because now was too early, Heavenly Court had not assembled the other three time path Immortal Gu Houses yet.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had a deep understanding of Present and Past Pavilion. He had destroyed it twice in his previous life, those Four Xunzi had died at his hands, Fang Yuan managed to capture three of their souls and soul search them, he learned a lot about the mysteries of Present and Past Pavilion!


 Finally, Fang Yuan exchanged for a few time path Immortal Gu after rebirth, one of them was rank seven time path Immortal Gu Time Concealment, it allowed a Gu Immortal to conceal their traces. Using an immortal killer move with it as the core, he could evade Present and Past Pavilion’s detection, and his time path killer move was even amplified inside the River of Time...


 Because of these, rank seven Present and Past Pavilion could not detect Fang Yuan’s movement.


 Fang Yuan swam in the River of Time, moving rapidly.


 He faced some obstruction and difficulties of course.


 Like the sudden springs which could even kill rank eight Gu Immortals, or the ripples of time that could reduce lifespan, any Gu Immortal would fear them.


 There were also year beasts, the River of Time had the highest number of desolate and ancient desolate level year beasts.


 As he swam, Fang Yuan met at least three immemorial year beasts.


 Thankfully, he had already used burning soul bursting luck before, his luck was quite good and most of these dangerous situations were resolved without much problem.


 Against these year beasts, Fang Yuan chose to avoid them, he tried not to cause a commotion.


 One reason was Present and Past Pavilion, if he fought, there was a high chance of getting exposed.


 The other was that Fang Yuan did not own a year essence pool now. Without it, he could not accumulate his forces, catching year beasts was currently a burden for him.


 Eventually, Spring Autumn Cicada started to vibrate, after a while, Fang Yuan found the stone lotus island!



***
Chapter 1754 - Fang Yuan’s Future Self


***





 Chapter 1754 Fang Yuan“s Future Self


 Fang Yuan ascended the stone lotus island again.


 More accurately speaking, it was the first time this life, he had come here in the previous life.


 Once he stepped onto the stone lotus island, Fang Yuan watched the scenes of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s memories.


 He had already seen this in the previous life, they were just repeated scenes but Fang Yuan still felt slightly moved.


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable was truly a very unique venerable. He had rank nine cultivation level but used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he abandoned his rank nine venerable position.”


 “But if he did not, he would not be able to return to the past and change history to make up for his regrets.”


 “Thus, later on, he created future self, call of the ancient, and support of the future, he used these killer moves...”


 The stone lotus island that contained Red Lotus’ true inheritance had concealment abilities, Heavenly Court could not find it easily. They had not made much progress all along.


 In the previous life, when they were about to obtain it, Fang Yuan ruined their chances and Feng Jiu Ge had no choice but to use assimilation wind song, he destroyed the stone lotus island. From Heavenly Court’s perspective, it was quite sad.


 Fang Yuan stepped onto this stone lotus island, it had been here for over a million years.


 But for some reason, when Fang Yuan arrived this time, looking at the river water outside the island, he had a realization.


 “The origin of the River of Time should be the time when the world was created.”


 “The end of the River of Time is naturally the time when the world is destroyed.”


 “The vertical movement and length of the River of Time is this entire world’s experiences. The horizontal movement and width of the River of Time is represented by everything in this world — the birds, flowers, fish, insects, people, beasts, plants, and others.”


 “Evidently, the more bountiful the world is and the more things that exist, the wider the River of Time would be. The more desolate and barren this world is, the fewer things that exist, the narrower this river will be.”


 Fang Yuan had time path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, his inspiration flashed now and he gained lots of realization and comprehension towards rebirth.


 “The essence of my rebirth is just bringing a will from the downstream to the upstream through Spring Autumn Cicada, before it fuses with me from a certain point in time.”


 “Because of the theory of time in this world, the world is unique and absolute, there are no parallel dimensions. When I rebirth, the downstream remains as it is, after I died, Heavenly Court dominated the world and the four regions were helpless against it.”


 “But after rebirth, I am like a drop of ink in this clear river water, as I continue to change events and people, some things will exist while others vanish, this ink will spread to a larger amount of water, this entire river will be dyed in a different color.”


 “When the ink gets to the point where Heavenly Court repairs fate Gu and holds the Refinement Path Convention, many things will change, the future will no longer be the same.”


 Fang Yuan was a transmigrator from Earth, there was an idea called the butterfly effect.


 But now, Fang Yuan understood that in this Gu world, the ink effect was more useful to explain the influences of rebirth.


 “Of course, I can easily change things because fate Gu is not complete, and most importantly, because I am an otherworldly demon not bound by fate.”


 “If Red Lotus Demon Venerable goes back to the past, it is hard for him to change many things, the outcomes of many things will still return to their original route.”


 “Or rather, otherworldly demons are a huge blob of ink, while native Gu Immortals are just ripples in the water, even though they can cause some disturbances in the short run, under the restraint of fate Gu, everything will return to its original state, there would be no changes.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s admiration towards Red Lotus Demon Venerable grew.


 This special existence had forcefully created the current situation despite not being an otherworldly demon.


 The price that he had paid for this and the sacrifices he had made were simply unimaginable!


 There were many time path immortal materials left on the stone lotus island, among which were mostly rank eight immortal materials.


 Red Lotus’ true meaning — it could allow a Gu Immortal’s time path attainment to rise to quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level.


 There were also all sorts of immortal killer moves that used Spring Autumn Cicada as the core, spring autumn success was one of them.


 There was also the method that Red Lotus Demon Venerable specially left behind, it was called future self, it could allow a Gu Immortal to enter his peak rank seven condition in the future.


 The only thing lacking was regret Gu.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu was still inside the dragon whale grotto-heaven, it was taken by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had used Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements to obtain regret Gu first before being transported to the stone lotus island.


 Now, because he knew about the location of the stone lotus island in the River of Time, he came here in advance and took the Red Lotus true inheritance.


 This was much earlier than last time.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan entered the River of Time three times. The first time, he was attacked by Heavenly Court’s four time path Immortal Gu Houses and was also ambushed by Li Huang, he lost the incomplete Immortal Gu House that he had created after much work, after exposing all his trump cards, he escaped.


 The second time, Fang Yuan used Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method to obtain regret Gu and directly teleported to the stone lotus island to inherit the Red Lotus true inheritance.


 The third time, he found a new stone lotus island that Heavenly Court was about to get. By working with Bing Sai Chuan and the rest to deal with Heavenly Court, he fought for the Red Lotus true inheritance. Eventually, Feng Jiu Ge used assimilation wind song to destroy the stone lotus island, neither side could gain anything from it.


 All in all, Fang Yuan’s experiences in the River of Time could be said to be full of ups and downs, he had experienced success and failure.


 This time, using the memories that he had, Fang Yuan first tasted success!


 “Regret Gu isn’t here but that is fine, the crucial thing now is Heavenly Court’s invasion of Lang Ya blessed land, there is still some time until I upgrade and mass refine all of my Immortal Gu.”


 “I should make use of future self first.”


 Fang Yuan let out Ying Wu Xie and the rest, letting them cultivate on the stone lotus island to familiarize themselves with future self just like in the previous life.


 Different from last time, Fang Yuan’s subordinates, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, were still alive, it raised the usefulness of future self by a large extent.


 He himself could use future self too!


 In the previous life, he had rank eight cultivation level, future self was useless for him, but now, he only had rank seven cultivation, future self was still effective on him.


 “Wait!”


 “Maybe this is the supposed timing for my arrival on the stone lotus island.”


 “Back then, Red Lotus Demon Venerable deduced that I would come here with rank seven cultivation level, that’s why he left behind future self to help me.”


 “In the previous life, I thought that Red Lotus had made a wrong deduction.... but now it seems that Red Lotus Demon Venerable had considered the situation after my rebirth?”


 “That means, this Red Lotus true inheritance was not left to my previous life’s self, but was meant for the current me?!”


 Bright light flickered in Fang Yuan’s eyes continuously for a while.


 He made Ying Wu Xie and the rest stay behind while he left the stone lotus island.


 Using a time path killer move, he concealed himself, continuing to swim.


 He remembered the third scene of entering the river, towards the other stone lotus island, he had his plans.


 His goal was to explore two stone lotus islands in this trip!


 After spending a long time and facing some obstacles, Fang Yuan looked for all the spots that the stone lotus island could appear.


 But regrettably, he did not find it.


 “Stone lotus islands can move on their own, it seems that this stone lotus island is not fixed in position, it is different from the previous one.”


 Fang Yuan was not dejected even though he could not succeed this time.


 It was part of his expectations.


 Present and Past Pavilion.


 The Four Xunzi encountered a small problem.


 An ancient year beast attacked Present and Past Pavilion, it flickered with profound light and remained unmoving.


 Soon, with the cooperation of the Four Xunzi, this ancient year beast died.


 Xun Guo Zi cheered: “Great, we obtained a huge amount of time path immortal materials!”


 “That’s right.” Zhong Xunzi sighed deeply: “The River of Time is truly the sacred land of cultivation for us time path Gu Immortals, it is just like how Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley are sacred lands to soul path Gu Immortals.”


 Xia Xunzi added: “That’s right, Heavenly Court sent us to guard Present and Past Pavilion, even though we are supposed to defend against the demon Fang Yuan, this is also an extremely good chance for us to cultivate! If we can get more time path immortal materials, our cultivation will be smoother.”


 Shang Xunzi smiled: “Not just that, within Present and Past Pavilion, we can observe the upstream and downstream, we can see many scenes of the past and future. Looking at the influences of countless beings and their effects across time, it would greatly benefit our comprehension of time path, we can raise our time path attainment levels more easily.


 Xun Guo Zi gritted her teeth lightly: “It is a pity fate Gu was damaged and is incomplete. Long ago, before fate Gu got damaged, by observing the upstream and downstream of the River of Time, time path great experts could observe the past and peer into the future, they were able to predict many future events accurately.”


 Xia Xunzi nodded continuously: “That’s right, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did that in the past. Even though she was not a time path Gu Immortal, her wisdom path methods were extraordinary, she could mimic the power of time path and use the tributary of the River of Time to deduce many future events. She predicted that the seven Lui Gui siblings would create the first Immortal Gu House in history, Turtle House, and thus created Star Constellation Chessboard.”


 The Four Xunzi reminisced about the glorious history of time path before they calmed down, resting and processing the ancient year beast corpse, before continuing their observation of the River of Time.


 They did not know that Fang Yuan had secretly entered the River of Time and obtained a Red Lotus true inheritance before leaving.


 Fang Yuan went back on the same route, leaving the River of Time and arriving in the tributary, before getting back to Northern Plains.


 He left the formation and activated Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel, going towards Southern Border.


 Why did Fang Yuan have Fixed Immortal Travel at this point in time?


 Immortal Gu were unique, Fixed Immortal Travel was still with Feng Jiu Ge currently.


 The reason: Fang Yuan was currently using future self!


 This time path killer move was very mystical, it created a human-shaped phantom image in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 The phantom image sat in the air, it was like a lump of water from the River of Time, shining in multicolored lights.


 The phantom image’s face was exactly the same as Fang Yuan.


 The phantom image had a sovereign immortal aperture too, this immortal aperture was Fang Yuan’s future immortal aperture, there were many phantom Gu worms inside, for example, Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan has not caused too much of an influence yet, the downstream of the River of Time was not dyed by the ink yet.


 Thus, the downstream was still maintaining the events of Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Future self was able to allow a Gu Immortal to enter their strongest rank seven condition, in the previous life, Fang Yuan’s strongest moment as a rank seven was right before the Five Regional Mountain Range battle.


 At that time, Fang Yuan had already captured Xia Cha and the other Southern Border pursuers, he had also extorted all of the Southern Border super forces.


 To resist strong enemies and plot against Heavenly Court, so that he could obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritances in the River of Time, Fang Yuan annexed Xia Cha’s time path immortal aperture and became a rank eight, he faked his tribulation in the five regional mountain range to set a trap for them.


 At the start, during the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan stole Feng Jiu Ge’s Fixed Immortal Travel.


 After that, he attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and secretly worked with Chi Qu You.


 After that, Fang Yuan set the years flow execution formation to capture the Southern Border pursuers and extort the super clans.


 After that was the Five Regional Mountain Range battle.


 And after that, Fang Yuan entered the River of Time, he did not find the stone lotus island, instead, Heavenly Court hunted him and he barely escaped.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s future self was fixed at the moment before he ascended to rank eight through annexing Xia Cha’s immortal aperture.


 At this time, he already owned Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Using future self, Fang Yuan went from Northern Plains to Southern Border.


 But he did not go to the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 The five regional true inheritance was very useful to him, Fang Yuan knew this. It was not wise to activate the five regional true inheritance now.


 Because the five regional true inheritance would cause a huge commotion, the Five Regional Mountain Range had to be destroyed before Tao Zhu’s will would awaken and acknowledge him.


 Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level now, even though his battle strength had grown, standing up to rank eights was quite difficult.


 If he attracted any rank eights or Immortal Gu Houses when activating the five regional true inheritance, it would be awkward.


 To play safe, Fang Yuan was going to leave the five regional true inheritance for later.


 He came to Southern Border now, it was not for the five regional true inheritance, he came to an ordinary valley instead.



***
Chapter 1755 - Wild Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 1755 Wild Immortal Gu


 Fang Yuan arrived in a valley, he found a cave and set up a mortal Gu House before he entered quiet cultivation.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest were still on the stone lotus island, practising future self.


 Due to rebirth, Fang Yuan skipped that step.


 Future self’s greatest help towards Fang Yuan was not in cultivation level or battle strength, but the use of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 With future self, Fang Yuan could use it to travel between the five regions and two heavens.


 Of course, he could not enter places like the dragon whale paradise.


 Immortal Gu were unique, right now, the real Fixed Immortal Travel was in Feng Jiu Ge’s hands, but if Gu Immortals could create killer moves that could mimic the effects of other Gu, they could use it in place of those unattainable Immortal Gu.


 This was the profundity of using Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was bathed in the light of wisdom, making deductions continuously.


 One of the tasks was to modify yama battlefield and add in time path Immortal Gu so that it could display the advantage of a time path battlefield.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had too little time, he had to raise his cultivation level while dealing with Heavenly Court and obtaining Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Heavenly Court exerted great pressure on him, Fang Yuan had to manage his own immortal aperture while resisting them.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan created yama battlefield, Luo Po seal, myriad ghost sword dragon and other killer moves, it was all that he could do.


 Gu Immortals usually took three to four years to create an immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan had the light of wisdom along with proficient wisdom path methods and high attainment levels in many paths, this allowed him to create this miracle in his previous life in terms of killer moves.


 And now, he brought these gains with him.


 Fang Yuan was able to make use of his killer move gains in the previous life now and even further elevate them.


 This was a huge advantage.


 “Yama battlefield is a battlefield encompassing soul path and enslavement path.”


 “Enslavement path specializes in attrition battles, there are countless yama children that do not fear death, they can even self-detonate before dying, draining the enemy’s resources and battle strength.”


 “The advantage of soul path is to gain strength from killing, in a normal soul path battlefield, killing one enemy would increase the power of the battlefield itself.”


 Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield had these two traits. But the latter was weaker, the conversion speed of the yama children was not fast, Fang Yuan often had to fight powerful enemies that made this advantage very unlikely to be useful.


 “If I add time path Immortal Gu in, yama battlefield would possess the trait of a time path battlefield.”


 A time path battlefield specialized in changing the speed of time, the most classic example was to extend the time inside the battlefield, one day outside would be a month inside, this would give the user more time to kill the enemy inside the battlefield.


 For example, if an enemy was trapped inside a time path battlefield and the allies sensed something wrong, they would come and help. The allies take fifteen minutes to arrive but inside the formation, three days would have passed! The battlefield user would have killed the enemy and left by the time they arrived.


 In the previous life, even though Fang Yuan trapped Feng Jiu Ge with yama battlefield and even stole his Fixed Immortal Travel, he did not manage to kill him. The reason was that Feng Jiu Ge had fate armor Immortal Gu to stall for time, Fairy Zi Wei obtained enough time to deduce and break yama battlefield.


 If Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield had the power of time path, he could extend the battlefield’s time to three days and nights, even though Fairy Zi Wei could still break it in the end, she would only receive Feng Jiu Ge’s corpse.


 Fang Yuan modified yama battlefield, he was quite expectant towards the results.


 Especially when he had quasi-supreme time path attainment level, it was not hard to add in time path Immortal Gu.


 He cultivated many paths, it became increasingly useful as he got stronger. The killer move myriad ghost sword dragon was the best example.


 Against compound killer moves that fused many paths together, Gu Immortals who cultivated just a single path could not deduce or defend against them easily.


 Fang Yuan stayed in this nameless valley for four days and five nights, eventually, he found his opportunity.


 Rumble!


 Daytime, the earth shook, a crack appeared.


 The valley collapsed, dust clouds rose, Fang Yuan had to fly into the sky.


 The cracks on the ground became larger, the valley was completely devoured, a huge Earth Trench formed right before Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 The five regional walls were slowly shrinking, the earth veins of the five regions were gradually fusing.


 When the earth veins shook, many Earth Trench formed, Southern Border had the densest earth path dao marks, the formation of Earth Trenches was also extremely intense.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently, he only descended after the Earth Trench stabilized, he started to search.


 A newly formed Earth Trench produced a large amount of Gu materials, lifeforms emerged from the ground as well.


 Of course, most were corpses.


 As Fang Yuan explored, he found more valuable things.


 Not long after, he saw the first desolate beast corpse.


 A desolate beast corpse was a bunch of rank six immortal materials, even though it was damaged, it was simply free loot!


 Fang Yuan took the desolate beast corpse effortlessly.


 What made him happy was that this desolate beast corpse still had a soul in it, this desolate beast soul could be turned into a yama child.


 Fang Yuan used his investigative killer move as he searched.


 His gains were increasing, but they were just easily collected things. When he met with mildly injured ancient desolate beasts, Fang Yuan avoided them.


 “Why have I not found it yet? Are the rumors false?”


 “If Luo clan purposely sent out false news, this trip would be a flop.”


 After another fifteen minutes, Fang Yuan started to get anxious.


 This Earth Trench was in the territory of Southern Border’s Luo clan, as time passes, Luo clan’s Gu Immortals would likely arrive.


 And they might bring their Immortal Gu House along.


 After all, each Earth Trench formed would represent huge benefits, Luo clan had to be careful with it.


 Even though Fang Yuan was not afraid, he did not want trouble, he only wanted to achieve his goals and leave.


 By noon, Fang Yuan had not found his target, but his gains accumulated into a pile.


 “It is really not here?”


 “Did I miss something? Or is my luck so bad it affected this trip?”


 Right when Fang Yuan was suspecting himself, his eyes started to shine in a divine light.


 “I found something!”


 He carefully approached and found an ancient desolate beast diamond head turtle.


 This turtle was as large as a boat, it was entirely bright yellow but had a flat shell on top. The most eye-catching thing was its head, it had a huge head that resembled a drill, its sharp mouth pointed outwards with a natural spiral. Half of its head was translucent, resembling a low grade diamond.


 The diamond head turtle lived in the deep sea, it could swim very fast in water.


 It could also move in the earth, but when it did that, its head would rotate and drill as it loosened the soil ahead of it.


 But because of its huge shell, it moved much slower in the soil than in water.


 Fang Yuan floated above this diamond head turtle as he used several investigative killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s investigative methods were not outstanding, but against the diamond head turtle, it was sufficient.


 Soon, joy was shown all over Fang Yuan’s face.


 He found a wild Immortal Gu on the diamond head turtle!


 “That’s it!”


 This wild Immortal Gu was Fang Yuan’s goal for this trip.


 Fang Yuan immediately acted, using yama battlefield.


 Once Fang Yuan moved, his aura leaked as he got exposed.


 The diamond head turtle was just a wild beast without sufficient wisdom but it had keen instincts, it growled at Fang Yuan before trying to retreat.


 But Fang Yuan had already arranged several yama children to encircle it.


 The yama children and the diamond head turtle fought in a big battle, but because he was afraid of damaging that wild Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was quite restrained.


 Not long after, two yama children were pierced by the diamond head turtle and one had its head bitten off.


 Even though the yama children died, they did not self-detonate.


 Even though they suffered huge losses, the goal of pestering the diamond head turtle had been achieved.


 With the help of the yama children, Fang Yuan activated yama battlefield and trapped the diamond head turtle.


 At this point, Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he relaxed his mind a little.


 Yama battlefield was successfully activated, it was hard to detect in the outside world, even if Luo clan’s Gu Immortals came here, there was a low chance that they would find this battlefield.


 And the diamond head turtle was basically helpless now that it was trapped in yama battlefield. Most rank seven Gu Immortals would be unable to escape if they ended up inside, not to mention this mere ancient desolate beast.


 Fang Yuan was neither anxious nor proud, he played safe.


 To preserve immortal essence, he did not even use great thief ghost hand.


 His current luck was not optimal, he might only steal a large number of mortal Gu using this move.


 Eventually, with the help of the yama children, Fang Yuan weakened this diamond head turtle to its limit and captured it alive.


 Its wild rank seven Immortal Gu was also obtained by Fang Yuan.


 “Very good! With this, I will be able to counter Fixed Immortal Travel.” Fang Yuan was very happy, as he stored the diamond head turtle and wild Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture, he dispelled yama battlefield.


 Going back to the Earth Trench, Luo clan’s Gu Immortals had already arrived, they were furiously scolding now, they had clearly discovered that Fang Yuan had arrived before them.


 Looking at the traces, Luo clan’s Gu Immortals were feeling pained, a lot of the immortal materials were already taken away.


 Luo clan’s losses were huge!


 Fang Yuan took a look at Luo clan’s Immortal Gu House before concealing his traces and leaving quietly.


 After leaving for a certain distance, Fang Yuan used future self to go back to Lang Ya blessed land from Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance shocked Lang Ya land spirit immensely.


 He moved towards Fang Yuan as he said with surprise and joy: “Fang Yuan, you snatched Fixed Immortal Travel from them?”


 If they did not have Fixed Immortal Travel, it would be very hard for Heavenly Court to invade Lang Ya blessed land.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is just a killer move. Are you all ready to refine Myriad Self?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was very disappointed in Fang Yuan’s answer, but he still replied: “We are almost ready, the hairy men are practising day and night, the other Gu materials are ready, but your eight main materials are needed, have you collected them all already?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “I only have three, but there is no rush, we still have time.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was anxious: “Elder Fang Yuan, that’s not the right attitude. Heavenly Court might invade any moment now, we already have the weaker hand, if we act so carelessly, we will be in huge trouble!”


 “Understood, understood. First supreme elder, don’t worry, I know what I am doing.”



***
Chapter 1756 - You Still Don’t Get It?


***





 Chapter 1756 You Still Don“t Get It?


 Fang Yuan kept track of the time.


 He still had a lot of time!


 Even though he had already killed Meng Tu and Sleeping Lady, even going to the River of Time to obtain a Red Lotus true inheritance, as well as taking that wild Immortal Gu from Southern Border.


 After doing all these, he still had a few days until Zhang Ji sold the floating life fire like in his previous life.


 “This is mainly because I spent a few months to deduce killer moves like yama child and emperor yama in the previous life.”


 “But now, I took action straight away, I saved a lot of time and effort.”


 For the next few days, Fang Yuan did not stay idle.


 Using future self, he continued to go all over the five regions from Lang Ya blessed land, he entered Southern Border the most.


 Fang Yuan purposely went to places where Earth Trenches formed.


 In his previous life, the commotion in the five regions as earth veins fused created many Earth Trenches all over the world, it was growing more intense as time passed. In the final battle, when Fang Yuan died at Duke Long’s hands, the five regional walls had vanished, the earth veins were unified, Earth Trenches stopped forming as a result.


 For the following few days, Fang Yuan’s gains were extremely high!


 Immortal materials piled into a mountain, he even obtained three wild rank six Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s luck was worse than in the previous life, but it was not hard to make huge gains.


 He had clear information!


 Earth Trenches were formed by heaven’s will, no Gu Immortal could predict them. Each Earth Trench was over ten or a hundred thousand li long, being extremely deep and difficult to explore.


 Even super forces would face huge difficulties exploring the Earth Trenches and extracting the most valuable resources in a short period of time!


 But Fang Yuan knew which places contained the best resources, he went straight for them.


 This was all thanks to the information that he collected during his previous life.


 The formation of Earth Trenches had no pattern, most Gu Immortals did not see value in this information. But Fang Yuan, who could use Spring Autumn Cicada, was different.


 “In the previous life, I could not explore the Earth Trenches, with just my strength alone, I cannot compete with super forces.”


 “And most importantly, Heavenly Court gave me immense pressure, I had to resist them while finding ways to obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritances! I had no time or energy to care about Earth Trenches.”


 “And now it seems, these Earth Trenches are truly valuable, it can move anyone’s greed.”


 “And this is just the situation now, for the next few years, Earth Trenches and earth veins will create even bigger commotions, more and more resources will surface.”


 “The burst of resources would raise the strength of Gu Immortals, and the rise in battle strength would spur on the ambitions of Gu Immortals further! In my previous life, the four regions’ Gu Immortals attacked Heavenly Court, these Earth Trench resources played a crucial role. In the five hundred years of my previous life, the reason for the five regions chaotic war was mainly the Earth Trench resources and the rise in attainment level through dream realms.”


 In his free time, Fang Yuan would analyze the situation and look at his circumstances, continuing to improve on his post-rebirth plans.


 This rebirth was very different from the previous times.


 The most important thing was that his strength and influence now was great, it far exceeded any of his previous rebirths.


 With his strength and influence, the ink effect of his rebirth became much more significant.


 Fang Yuan acted to execute his own plans while preparing himself for any possible problems.


 And as expected, a problem really occurred!


 And it was a major one.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan observed treasure yellow heaven and did not find any traces of Zhang Ji.


 In the previous life, he was already selling floating life fire at this time!


 Fang Yuan quickly investigated but luckily, Zhang Ji’s information was not hard to get.


 “Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortal Zhang Ji lost to Immortal Crane Sect’s Old Lord Can Yang in a competition, thus when they went on an exploration and found the floating life fire by chance, it went into Old Lord Can Yang’s hands.”


 Immortal Crane Sect and Black Heaven Temple were part of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 In terms of strength, Immortal Crane Sect was weaker than Black Heaven Temple, but in terms of Gu Immortal battle strength, Old Lord Can Yang was stronger than Zhang Ji.


 Black Heaven Temple’s Zhang Ji had rank seven cultivation level but he was very ordinary. Old Lord Can Yang was very famous though, his signature killer move life chasing fire was a headache to most Gu Immortals. Years ago, he even went to Northern Plains as part of Feng Jiu Ge’s group, to investigate the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 News that Zhang Ji lost to Old Lord Can Yang quickly spread.


 Fang Yuan did not need to guess to know that this was Immortal Crane Sect’s action.


 Immortal Crane Sect was weaker than Black Heaven Temple, they had to treasure every opportunity to raise their reputation, this victory was a great chance for publicity.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s victory was not surprising, what interested him was, why did Old Lord Can Yang appear?


 In the previous life, Old Lord Can Yang did not show up, Zhang Ji had obtained the floating life fire without any hassle.


 “This is not good.”


 “Different from Zhang Ji, Old Lord Can Yang is a fire path Gu Immortal, floating life fire is useful to him.”


 “Even if it is useless, Old Lord Can Yang can contribute it to Immortal Crane Sect. He is different from Zhang Ji, he has higher strength and status, if he gives it to the sect, they would reward him, Old Lord Can Yang’s gains would not be low.”


 Fang Yuan felt somewhat of a headache.


 He had to make other plans now to obtain this floating life fire from other sources.


 But at this time, Old Lord Can Yang started to sell the floating life fire publicly in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan was slightly shocked before he understood Old Lord Can Yang’s intentions.


 Or rather, Immortal Crane Sect’s intentions.


 Immortal Crane Sect saw this as an important opportunity, they wanted to spread the news and raise their reputation. Old Lord Can Yang selling the floating life fire had the same intention as Fang Yuan selling Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s three rib bones.


 After understanding this, Fang Yuan became one of the floating life fire’s buyers.


 Floating life fire was a rare immortal material, its sale price was high but not absurd.


 In the previous life, Zhang Ji did not know its value, Fang Yuan got it cheaply. But this time, it was Old Lord Can Yang who cultivated fire path, he knew about the value of the floating life fire, he naturally sold it at a different price.


 “It seems that I have to pay a higher price to obtain this floating life fire.”


 Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, but the following competition was out of his expectations again.


 Buyers who were after the floating life fire seemed very interested, they competed and raised the sale price of the floating life fire to an absurd degree.


 The floating life fire’s price was high but the competing Gu Immortals did not become disinterested, they created a huge ruckus as their verbal conflict soon escalated to a matter of pride and face.


 Fang Yuan realized that this was Immortal Crane Sect’s show, they purposely got people to raise the prices to an absurd amount, the buyers and sellers were all part of their sect, they were paying some fees in treasure yellow heaven to gain a lot of publicity.


 It was simple, the higher the price of the floating life fire, the more commotion and discussion it would generate.


 When they talk about the floating life fire, can they ignore Old Lord Can Yang? That would involve Immortal Crane Sect as well, more and more Gu Immortals would realize that Immortal Crane Sect was still a part of the ten great ancient sects, they had deep foundations. Even though they seemed weak now, they might just be keeping a low profile.


 Thinking about this, Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 The floating life fire was too important to him, even if the prices were high, he had to buy it.


 After all, the other plans were not reliable, time was crucial now, if he wasted too much time, Fang Yuan’s entire post-rebirth plan would be ruined.


 After getting the floating life fire, Fang Yuan passed the other main materials to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit looked at them and checked that there were no problems with the immortal materials before he used the refinement path killer moves with Fang Yuan and the hairy man Gu Immortals, trying to familiarize themselves with these immortal materials.


 After days of preparations, Lang Ya land spirit saw that the time was right, he brought Fang Yuan and the hairy man Gu Immortals to the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 “What a good refinement path formation!” Fang Yuan praised in admiration.


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled, the delight on his face was unconcealed, his eyes shined with great confidence: “Both the formation and Immortal Gu recipe are top notch. Elder Fang Yuan, this myriad self Immortal Gu recipe you provided is very incredible. After looking at it for a long time, I finally understood half of its profundity. With my estimation, using this myriad self Immortal Gu recipe, there is a forty percent chance of success!”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “That’s right, this is why I wanted to refine this Gu to raise my battle strength and deal with Heavenly Court. Alright, enough talk, let’s enter the Gu refinement formation.”


 At this point, Lang Ya land spirit frowned: “Elder Fang Yuan, you lack refinement path experience, are you really going to refine the Gu personally?”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “This Gu refinement is extremely important, especially to me. I need to participate, even if the refinement fails, I will not be upset. Don’t worry first supreme elder, I am merely helping out, I will not interrupt you. I know my own limits after all.”


 “Alright, since you insist, we will do that.” Lang Ya land spirit sighed, entering the formation as the main person in charge.


 Followed by Third Hair, Fourth Hair, Sixth Hair, Seventh Hair, and the other Gu Immortals, before Fang Yuan as the last one.


 Fang Yuan stood at the final formation core towards the end.


 The formation started to activate.


 Light shined everywhere, all sorts of refinement path methods were activated, the process was smooth and easy.


 Floating life fire and edge Gu were first refined, followed by battlefield blood sand, heart blood, and other main materials.


 During this time, Fang Yuan took action several times but they were all trivial matters, it was just as he had assured Lang Ya land spirit.


 Several days later, Lang Ya land spirit and the hairy man Gu Immortals revealed expressions of joy.


 The Immortal Gu was starting to form.


 They were just a few steps away from success.


 Suddenly, the light exploded as dust clouds rose, a stench filled the air as the Gu refinement encountered an issue.


 “Why did this happen?!” Lang Ya land spirit and the rest were very shocked, they quickly tried to salvage the situation, it was very chaotic.


 Right when they were about to fail and Lang Ya land spirit became helpless, Fang Yuan suggested building a temporary Gu formation to assist the refinement path formation and get rid of all the impurities here.


 There was no choice, Lang Ya land spirit had to give it a try, he accepted Fang Yuan’s suggestion.


 Once the formation within the formation was created, Fang Yuan said: “Please enter the formation, first supreme elder!”


 Lang Ya land spirit had no doubts, in this situation, he was the only one who could do it.


 But once he entered the formation, he was immediately suppressed!


 “Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?!” Lang Ya land spirit was furious and shocked.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, at this point in time, you still don’t get it?” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.



***
Chapter 1757 - Repaying Kindness With Enmity!


***





 Chapter 1757 Repaying Kindness With Enmity!


 “Fang Yuan, you actually dare, you are too ignorant and fearless! You dare to plot against me inside Lang Ya blessed land! I will make sure you understand what severe mistake you are actually making!!”


 Lang Ya land spirit screamed with a furious expression, he looked like a volcano about to explode, he was about to erupt with lava and melt Fang Yuan entirely.


 But at the next moment, Lang Ya land spirit’s movements froze, the anger on his face turned into deep shock instantly.


 “Why? Why can’t I move, my connection with Lang Ya blessed land is also almost entirely severed!” At once, Lang Ya land spirit became dumbfounded.


 Fang Yuan smiled, everything was going according to plan.


 Ever since Fang Yuan saw Lang Ya land spirit for the first time, he already had the thought of ‘taking down Lang Ya blessed land’.


 After many years, this thought finally grew from just a seed to a beautiful blooming flower!


 Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit plainly but with deep confidence: “It is pointless, you do not know the difference between us after all.”


 Lang Ya land spirit struggled intensely but he was like an ant, suppressed and unable to move, not to mention regaining control of Lang Ya blessed land.


 He tried hard but found that the situation was not improving, instead, his restrictions were becoming more severe!


 “This is impossible!” He looked at Fang Yuan with a look of disbelief.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “It seems that you have already started to notice the difference between us.”


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level far exceeded Lang Ya land spirit.


 The former had used Long Hair true meaning to reach quasi-supreme grandmaster refinement path attainment level, the latter was just Long Hair Ancestor’s land spirit formed from obsession, even though it had extraordinary refinement path attainment, it was very far from reaching quasi-supreme.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level also far exceeded Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit had merely ordinary attainment in formation path, while Fang Yuan was a formation path grandmaster.


 And most importantly, Fang Yuan was very skilled in the setting of formations. Self cleansing formation, Omni-directional Travel ancient battle formation, dragon scale sea’s food path immortal formation, immemorial year beast fishing formation, flood discharge formation, self will heaven sealing formation, wisdom refinement formation... Fang Yuan had designed most of these Gu formations, he had modified them and set them up personally step by step.


 “Indeed worthy of you, Fang Yuan! You are truly a publicly recognized demonic path overlord!” Lang Ya land spirit clenched his fists, his eyes were spewing fire and his face was distorted, he stared at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 He gritted his teeth as he said: “This was all part of your scheme! Myriad self Immortal Gu’s recipe was flawed from the start but I could not notice. The problem was bound to happen during the Gu refinement process, using that chance, you created the formation and tricked me into entering. This formation within a formation takes reference to blood light spirit suppression?”


 “This also means that out of the eight main materials of myriad self Immortal Gu recipe, the four blood path materials are used to target me. Only the first four materials are used to refine myriad self Immortal Gu!”


 Lang Ya land spirit said with certainty as his emotions became calmer.


 Fang Yuan looked at him without speaking, he had a calm expression too.


 Lang Ya land spirit started to frown, he could see a faint smile from Fang Yuan’s eyes, he seemed to have noticed his intentions!


 Panic flashed across Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes, but he quickly concealed it.


 He thought: “I need to stay calm! I cannot panic! Long Hair refinement path formation is the peak creation of my main body, how can Fang Yuan grasp it so easily in this short period? He set a formation to harm me but this blood path formation is just a formation within a formation. Soon, if the refinement path formation activates, this blood path formation will be destroyed. By then, I will be able to escape.”


 “As long as I can escape, the whole of Lang Ya blessed land will be in my control. I can spread news of Fang Yuan trying to harm me, the variant human alliance will stand by my side.”


 “By then, I will make sure Fang Yuan regrets this!”


 “Aiya!”


 Lang Ya land spirit suddenly patted his head, he had an ashen expression and deep regret, he wanted to kill himself: “Damn it! Why did I shout out my inner thoughts!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Don’t worry, if even you could think about this flaw, why couldn’t I predict it?”


 “What, you knew about it already?” Lang Ya land spirit was first shocked before pretending to be calm.


 He laughed loudly: “So what if you realized? Can you understand this refinement path formation?”


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “My understanding of this formation is deeper than yours. But of course, I am still far from comprehending it fully.”


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed loudly again: “That’s right! Just you wait Fang Yuan, when I get out, I will show you the consequences of betraying my Lang Ya Sect!”


 But Lang Ya land spirit waited and nothing happened.


 A while later, the blood path formation was still stable as before.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued to wait but the Long Hair refinement path formation showed no commotion! Furthermore, his entire body was already dyed in a blood red light.


 “This is impossible! What did you do?!” Suddenly, Lang Ya land spirit screamed at Fang Yuan, he had fallen into complete panic.


 Fang Yuan smiled and did not respond.


 He had interacted with this Long Hair refinement path formation far longer than Lang Ya land spirit expected.


 That happened in his previous life.


 Fang Yuan had deep attainment in formation path, refinement path, and wisdom path, he was able to understand the profundity and essence of the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 The Long Hair refinement path formation was created by Long Hair Ancestor with all his effort back in the day.


 With Fang Yuan’s current foundation, it would be very hard to create a refinement path formation that was on par with it, he would need a vast amount of time, energy, and resources.


 But looking at this Long Hair refinement path formation was a completely different case, Fang Yuan was not the creator, he was merely appreciating this work of art. It was easier for an artist to critique this piece of work now than to create it himself.


 Of course, he was just an observer, he could not understand the profundity of this formation in its entirety.


 But that was not a problem, Sixth Hair as the spy had already controlled a certain important area of the formation.


 With Sixth Hair’s help, Fang Yuan ensured that the Long Hair refinement path formation could not interfere with his blood path formation.


 Lang Ya land spirit struggled for a while longer before he realized, due to Fang Yuan’s meticulous scheme, he could no longer turn this situation around.


 There was no choice, this black haired land spirit that was completely corroded by the blood light had to let the other white haired land spirit appear to try and change the situation.


 But regrettably, Fang Yuan knew all about Lang Ya land spirit, how could he miss that potential problem?


 The moment white haired land spirit appeared, he was suppressed by the blood path formation, a large amount of blood light went into him.


 “You shameless demon!” The white haired land spirit was suppressed and unable to move, he could only speak.


 He scolded Fang Yuan intensely: “Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan, you unscrupulous and devious scumbag!”


 “You were able to get to this stage today, my Lang Ya blessed land provided you the biggest help!”


 “Before you became immortal, I helped you, eventually, you were able to destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.”


 “When you first became an immortal and was completely broke, I made transactions with you and allowed you to earn immortal essence stones through deducing recipes, that was your starting point.”


 “When you wanted to refine Gu, I helped you countless times! Which hairy man Gu Immortal in the blessed land has not helped you at least once?”


 “When your tribulations were too risky, we lent you immortal essence stones and Immortal Gu to pass those difficulties.”


 “I gave you the immortal tribulation tempering aperture as well as killer moves like triple layered sword wave.”


 “When you moved Star Form blessed land, we lent you Gu worms and the necessary methods.”


 “When your Hu Immortal blessed land was attacked, we took a risk and helped you to minimize your losses!”


 “I was the one who fed your wisdom Gu, I used up so many lifespan Gu in my blessed land!”


 “When your Dang Hun Mountain was taken away, I compensated you according to the agreement, even if we had to give up the refinement path true meaning.”


 White haired land spirit got more and more angry, he felt extremely grieved, his eyes turned red as he spoke.


 Different from the black haired land spirit’s rash and strong attitude, the white haired land spirit was calm and enduring, he was only interested in Gu refinement and wanted to avoid problems.


 The black haired land spirit was an extremist while the white haired land spirit was a pacifist.


 “Oh Fang Yuan, your conscience must have been eaten by dogs!”


 “Our Lang Ya blessed land treated you so well, yet you are repaying kindness with enmity, you schemed against me!”


 “When you were unable to live outside and all five regions’ Gu Immortals went after you, Lang Ya blessed land was the place that sheltered you!”


 “You are a human but black hair and I accepted you, we made you a supreme elder and gave you important roles, we treated you as one of us!”


 “But this is how you treat us in return?”


 “Look at your own conscience, do you feel any bit of guilt at all? Do you feel that you have done us injustice!” The white haired land spirit screamed and cried, he was extremely upset.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless: “No.”


 Lang Ya land spirit: “...”


 After a while, he shouted: “You are acting like this to your benefactor, your friends, your family, does your conscience feel no pain?! Do you not feel bad?!”


 Fang Yuan dug his ears: “Not really, I am quite excited actually.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was beyond furious, he wanted to tear Fang Yuan into epices: “Fang Yuan, you demon! You are just too shameless!”


 “You are a beast, a bastard! You are a devious scoundrel, you are shameless, as expected of a human! Go ahead and laugh, you will not laugh for very long!”


 “People like you will die a terrible death, I was truly blind to have trusted you! Heaven will not let you off!”


 “If I was given another chance, I will kill you at first sight, I will incinerate your corpse and mince you into a million pieces!”


 “Oh.” Fang Yuan smiled as he shook his head calmly: “Too bad you can’t do it.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was speechless, he wanted to rip that smile off Fang Yuan’s face.


 But he could not move.


 He could only curse to vent his anger.


 But against someone like Fang Yuan with no shame or morals, his anger was truly pointless and weak.



***
Chapter 1758 - Heavenly Court’s Invasion


***





 Chapter 1758 Heavenly Court“s Invasion


 Lang Ya blessed land, Long Hair refinement path formation.


 Blood light gradually faded, the blood path formation opened up as Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit walked out with the latter behind the former.


 Fang Yuan’s scheme succeeded!


 In the previous life, Lang Ya land spirit had caught Fairy Zi Wei off guard because she killed the black haired land spirit and white haired land spirit showed up.


 The black haired land spirit was ambitious, even though he knew about Lang Ya blessed land and Longevity Heaven’s agreement, he did not want to use it.


 Once the white haired land spirit showed up, he sought help from Longevity Heaven without second thoughts.


 Eventually, because of the white haired land spirit’s action, Fang Yuan escaped while Heavenly Court retreated in defeat, Longevity Heaven obtained Lang Ya Sect and became the eventual winner, gaining the greatest benefits.


 “Right now, I suppressed the land spirit, Longevity Heaven will not gain anything.” Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit.


 Right now, Lang Ya land spirit had gone back to the black haired land spirit under Fang Yuan’s orders.


 To prevent the hairy man Gu Immortals from becoming suspicious, the black haired land spirit pretended that their relationship with Fang Yuan was still the same as before.


 Fang Yuan purposely let out a breath of air: “It was all thanks to first supreme elder this time that we salvaged the situation.”


 The black haired land spirit smiled: “Ma[1]... mainly because we had the refinement path formation, we should get back into refining the Gu as quickly as possible.”


 The black haired land spirit had a slightly subservient tone and smile, but other than Sixth Hair, the other hairy man Gu Immortals felt no suspicions.


 Who could have thought that this shocking change had occurred right under their very eyes!


 Fang Yuan entered the Long Hair refinement path formation and continued to refine myriad self Immortal Gu.


 Hours later, a sharp profound light appeared in the refinement path formation.


 The profound light faded as an Immortal Gu was revealed.


 This Gu worm was more than ten meters long, it was like a centipede that shined in a metallic luster, the mouthpiece on its head looked dangerous while there was a pair of long antennas on its forehead, it had five thousand legs on either side of its body, having a total of ten thousand legs.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Myriad Self!


 Even though Fang Yuan’s main goal was to scheme against Lang Ya land spirit, he did not give up on refining myriad self Immortal Gu.


 In the previous life, myriad self Immortal Gu had a fifty percent success rate! But now, in order to trap Lang Ya land spirit, he modified the recipe and lowered its success rate from fifty to forty percent.


 Regardless, he did not give up on refining Myriad Self!


 He could not give up on refining myriad self Immortal Gu after all.


 It seemed to have an insignificant boost to Fang Yuan’s strength but it was actually very important.


 The killer move myriad self was the combination of enslavement and strength path, it gathered the specialty of both paths. But it was overly complex and took a long time to activate, it spent a lot of thoughts of the Gu Immortal.


 Now that it became a Gu worm, Fang Yuan only needed to take a few steps to unleash the full power of the original myriad self killer move.


 Other than myriad self, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal, myriad dragon, myriad ghost sword dragon and other killer moves would also benefit from this.


 Especially myriad ghost sword dragon, Fang Yuan had created this move near the time of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention. Without myriad self Immortal Gu, he would need too many Gu worms to activate it, the time taken would be too long and there would be no use for it in battle!


 Even though myriad self Immortal Gu could not raise Fang Yuan’s strength directly, it strengthened his foundation and allowed him to gain even more potential in several aspects.


 The Immortal Gu refinement ended, next, Fang Yuan looked around the whole of Lang Ya blessed land and collated his gains.


 Lang Ya blessed land had an immense origin, it was left by one of the three greatest refinement path experts in history, Long Hair Ancestor.


 Long Hair Ancestor was a legendary figure, he had refined countless Immortal Gu in his life, even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable came to look for him when refining Gu.


 Long Hair Ancestor also had a special identity, he was a hairy man. While hairy men had long lifespan, they would still die eventually.


 Long Hair Ancestor left behind rank eight Lang Ya grotto-heaven, but after countless years of development, white haired land spirit decided to lower its rank and returned it to a blessed land.


 Blessed lands faced far weaker calamities and tribulations than grotto-heavens, with the white haired land spirit’s management, the blessed land developed very well.


 It had a huge space far beyond most blessed lands, it even exceeded many grotto-heavens.


 In terms of time path, its time flow was one to thirty-six compared to the outside world. And worth mentioning was that Lang Ya blessed land had an immortal killer move on its tributary of the River of Time, it could alter the time flow in the immortal aperture. This was the work of Long Hair Ancestor who had invited a time path great expert personally when he was alive.


 In terms of dao marks, Lang Ya blessed land had the highest number of refinement path dao marks surpassing three hundred thousand! The remaining dao marks were mostly water path followed by earth path.


 Lang Ya blessed land had four continents. They were the Black Hair, Yellow Hair, and White Hair Continents in the sea, as well as Cloud Cover Continent in the sky. The blessed land produced abundant resources and people, there were also countless Gu Immortals, it was truly a super force of its own!


 The vast number of people ensured the production of many lifespan Gu.


 Undeniably, this was the number one blessed land in the world!


 Lang Ya land spirit was suppressed by Fang Yuan already, everything here belonged to him.


 Other than the blessed land’s resources and manpower, there were also a vast number of Gu recipes, killer moves and Gu worms.


 Lang Ya blessed land had many Immortal Gu in its inventory. For example, the currently rank seven Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, the wood sprout Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had once borrowed to use the killer move light fungus radiance, beast enslavement Immortal Gu, formation plate Immortal Gu, and many others. (Most of the Immortal Gu were already given out to the hairy man Gu Immortals for their use.)


 Lang Ya blessed land had three Gu formations. The first was the Long Hair refinement path formation, the second was the sub-main teleportation Gu formation, the third was the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor. Among which, the main formation of the sub-main teleportation Gu formation was on Cloud Cover Continent, while the nine sub formations were distributed all over Northern Plains, for example, Tai Qiu, dragon elephant plain, and Feng Bo cliff.


 Other than that, Lang Ya blessed land had a highly incomplete Immortal Gu House — rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.


 There was also a man-made secluded domain of heaven and earth that was not completed despite immense effort — Refinement Sea. In the previous life, when Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit made use of the water in the Refinement Sea to display the killer move omnipresent four seas, he had once taken control of the situation using it.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a huge inventory with countless immortal materials but relatively few immortal essence stones.


 And finally, Lang Ya blessed land had three true inheritances, they were Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, Giant Sun’s self luck true inheritance, and Long Hair’s refinement path true inheritance.


 Rank eight steal life Immortal Gu was part of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 In the first life, Ma Hong Yun obtained clues to this Thieving Heaven true inheritance, he came to Lang Ya blessed land and asked Lang Ya land spirit to refine Gu for him three times.


 This was also part of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had a deep understanding of these three true inheritances. Years ago, he had transacted with Lang Ya land spirit and learned about this.


 Back then, in order to deal with strong enemies, he had to sell his own secluded domain of heaven and earth. Now, the whole of Lang Ya blessed land belonged to him.


 “I have about half a month left.” Fang Yuan estimated the time.


 In the previous life, he had worked on deducing Luo Po seal at this time period, in order to make up for his lack of offensive methods. As for defense, he had reverse flow protection seal, there was no worry.


 In the end, he only managed to deduce Luo Po seal years later.


 This time around, he already possessed Luo Po seal, his main deduction was to add the effect of time path into yama battlefield, so that he could gain a compound battlefield killer move.


 Even though he suppressed Lang Ya land spirit and had sufficient refinement path attainment level, Fang Yuan was not in a rush to annex Lang Ya blessed land.


 He had already decided to use the tactic in the Five Regional Mountain Range, he was going to make Lang Ya blessed land a trap that would lure in the Heavenly Court members.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan needed Feng Jiu Ge to come here and ‘contribute’ his Fixed Immortal Travel. After all, when Fang Yuan reaches rank eight, future self would not be usable anymore.


 Secondly, he needed Heavenly Court to expose their star cast killer move. This method was too incredible, it could directly change the situation of all five regions, any super force would feel extremely threatened by it! Once star cast gets exposed, it would spur on the four regions’ super forces to attack Heavenly Court!


 And thirdly, he wanted to kill a few Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in advance, Fang Yuan would not let go of any chance to weaken Heavenly Court.


 And finally, Fang Yuan wanted to borrow the help of Heavenly Court to deal with the Gu Immortals of the snowmen, rockmen, and inkmen in the four races alliance. By using the same method as in the previous life, he would annex all three of these forces at once.


 Hehe, taking down enemies and allies in a single swoop, wasn’t it a great idea?


 More than ten days passed.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Star Constellation Chessboard!


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was shooting out fireworks, countless starlight specks were flying out and radiating the entire Heavenly Court.


 Starlight shined on the faces of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Nearly ten of them were ready to move out! 

 The leader was Fairy Zi Wei, she looked at the sky as bright light shined in her eyes, even more dazzling than the starry sky.


 “To think that wisdom Gu is really inside Lang Ya blessed land! With it, Star Constellation Chessboard will become a rank nine Immortal Gu House! By then, I will be the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in the world. Heavenly Court will almost certainly be able to repair fate Immortal Gu.”


 “Fang Yuan, I can’t wait for this! I want to kill you personally.” Thunder Ghost True Monarch gritted her teeth.


 Feng Jiu Ge was silent and peaceful.


 Chen Yi was waiting in anticipation.


 His performance in green ghost desert was not good, he did not retrieve Divine Bean Palace.


 “I cannot fail again like last time.”


 “I have just joined Heavenly Court, I need to show some results.”


 “This battle is a great opportunity! No matter how strong Fang Yuan is, he is merely rank seven. Lang Ya blessed land has a huge reputation but it is too weak internally, even Feng Jiu Ge could enter and leave at will. We are mobilizing so many rank eight great experts now, we will definitely win. Sigh, Lady Zi Wei is too vigilant.”


 Chen Yi grumbled a little.


 Fairy Zi Wei was sending such a huge force, it was like a tiger going all out to hunt a rabbit, Chen Yi would not be able to make any achievements.


 In his opinion, couldn’t two or three rank eight Gu Immortals take down Lang Ya blessed land easily?


 They were not ordinary rank eights, they were Heavenly Court members!


 Bam.


 Along with the expectations of many Gu Immortals, the starlight in the sky gathered, a huge light blue pillar was formed in the sky.


 Immortal killer move — Star Cast!


 “Let’s go! Take down Lang Ya blessed land and capture the demon Fang Yuan.” Fairy Zi Wei gave her orders, Thunder Ghost True Monarch was the most impatient one, she directly rushed into the starlight pillar.


 “Fang Yuan, I am coming! Just you wait.” Thunder Ghost True Monarch snickered.


 [1] He wanted to say master.



***
Chapter 1759 - 9 I“ve Been Waiting


***





 Chapter 1759 I“ve Been Waiting


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch felt her world spinning, after a brief moment of chaos, her vision cleared up.


 In almost an instant, she vanished from Heavenly Court, arriving in a huge formation space.


 “Hmm?!” She focused and looked, seeing that Fang Yuan was standing before her with a killer move that had been prepared already.


 “Fang Yuan, good timing!!” Thunder Ghost True Monarch growled loudly with blood red eyes, it was like the meeting of enemies.


 Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “Thunder Ghost True Monarch, I’ve been waiting for you.”


 Saying so, he pushed with his palm as Luo Po seal shot towards Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch wanted to dodge subconsciously but the super formation’s power was already affecting her.


 Even though Thunder Ghost True Monarch could dodge quickly, she needed a lot of time to do so, as a result, the overall result was that she moved very slowly in real time.


 Shock and anger was expressed all over Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s face.


 She could not dodge, she was hit by Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal.


 A huge black armor appeared all over Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s body. The armor was ferocious and flamboyant, having sharp curved spikes and lightning flashing above it. The chest portion of the armor had a dark-blue opened mouth like that of a giant ghost. And her helmet looked like a monster’s head, forming a stark contrast with the girl’s delicate and cute appearance.


 Luo Po seal landed on Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s armor.


 At the next moment, countless cracks appeared on Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s armor.


 Next, with a light pop, the entire armor cracked into pieces, exposing Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s main body.


 Fang Yuan used Luo Po seal and the super formation to destroy Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s strongest defense in one move.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch shouted loudly, instead of dodging, she charged towards Fang Yuan.


 This was a wise tactic.


 Normally speaking, people would retreat in such circumstances to regain their footing. But doing that in front of Fang Yuan would make them lose initiative, it would be a downward spiral as Fang Yuan gains control of the momentum of the battle.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch did not back down, instead, she went ahead to fight against Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s rich battle experiences and brave nature was on full display!


 She invaded Lang Ya blessed land but got ambushed, landing in a difficult spot. The disparity in situation did not make her lose her cool, instead, her bravery and fighting spirit were ignited.


 As expected of the person who once resisted Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, this person did not know what giving up was, there was no way to lower her morale.


 Her final killer move, lightning heart explosion, was an actual mutual destruction method. Even if she dies, she would drag her enemies with her, this was her true nature.


 Of course, Fang Yuan already knew about Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s final method.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but so was Fang Yuan!


 As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he would make countless arrangements, how could he not predict Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s nature and course of action?


 Like what Fang Yuan had said earlier, he had been waiting.


 Immortal killer move — Steal Life!


 After suppressing Lang Ya land spirit, Thieving Heaven true inheritance in Lang Ya Sect became Fang Yuan’s. Using steal life Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan unleashed the immortal killer move using Immortal Gu Steal Life as the core.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not have rank eight immortal essence, he could make Lang Ya land spirit do it, he had Long Hair’s immortal essence after all.


 Steal life was not displayed by Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit, which was inside the formation, had used it.


 Red light that was as thick as a finger flashed as it landed on Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s forehead.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s movements came to a stop.


 She rapidly aged, in the blink of an eye, she turned from a cute little girl to a wrinkled old lady.


 She stretched out her thin and dry fingers as she grabbed at Fang Yuan, speaking as her teeth fell off: “How, how did you...”


 These were her final words.


 She died.


 With intense regret and hatred.


 She had died of old age, her lifespan was fully consumed.


 Even after dying, her eyes were wide open, staring at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 Within the super immortal formation, the Gu Immortals of the four races were in a commotion!


 “What happened? She died like that?!”


 “We killed Thunder Ghost True Monarch!”


 “Wasn’t that too easy?”


 The variant human Gu Immortals were all dumbfounded.


 After calming down, they started to analyze.


 “It was Lord Fang Yuan’s great plan.”


 “That’s right, Thunder Ghost True Monarch fell into our trap, she had no way of retaliating.”


 “Even though she is a rank eight Gu Immortal, against Lord Fang Yuan, she was completely helpless.”


 “I finally understand why the human Gu Immortals are bent on going after Lord Fang Yuan...”


 The variant human Gu Immortals sighed deeply, their gaze towards Fang Yuan carried wariness, fear, admiration, and reverence.


 Looking at Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s corpse, Fang Yuan felt no surprise.


 As a rank eight expert, her death was not as simple as it looked.


 The power of wisdom path Gu Immortals was to make plans before taking action. With sufficient information, they could easily counter their enemies.


 Because of rebirth, Fang Yuan knew about Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s trump card.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had spent a lot of effort in modifying Lang Ya blessed land’s defensive formation, he added a lot of Immortal Gu. Steal life Immortal Gu was one of them.


 It was all thanks to Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment and the light of wisdom. Ordinary Gu Immortals could not achieve this.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s two strongest methods were lightning heart explosion and soul armor combat.


 Thus, once Fang Yuan saw her, he used Luo Po seal straight away. This move dealt with Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s soul armor with incredible effect.


 Without her soul armor, after Thunder Ghost True Monarch died, she became suppressed by the formation, she could not activate lightning heart explosion.


 And he also used the killer move steal life.


 This was not the same as using steal life Immortal Gu, which could not distinguish ally and enemy.


 This time, Fang Yuan deduced the killer move steal life, to target only the enemy.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had used his method on steal life Immortal Gu, it could only be used thrice, Fang Yuan could not remove that limit.


 Even with only three uses, Fang Yuan used it on Thunder Ghost True Monarch without hesitation.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch had great battle strength, the longer she stayed here, the greater the threat to the entirety of Lang Ya blessed land.


 If she unleashed lightning heart explosion, his losses would be severe.


 Thus, Fang Yuan unleashed his moves instantly, killing her before she could even react!


 Heavenly Court.


 Looking at the starlight pillar, Chen Yi could not help but say: “I’m going too.”


 Fairy Zi Wei glanced at him before nodding.


 As a wisdom path Gu Immortal who possessed Star Constellation Chessboard, she could more or less understand Chen Yi’s intention and thoughts.


 After getting permission from Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi flew into the starlight pillar anxiously.


 “I need to act fast!”


 “With Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s ferocious battle strength, the later I go in, the less achievements I can make. By now, she might have killed some variant human Gu Immortals already.”


 “Lang Ya blessed land, here I come!”


 Chen Yi entered the starlight pillar with great excitement.


 At the next moment, he arrived in Lang Ya blessed land’s formation space.


 “This is Lang Ya blessed land? Hmm?!” Suddenly, Chen Yi’s body froze, his pupil shrunk to pin size.


 He saw Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s corpse.


 Fang Yuan had used the super formation to mimic time path’s specialty, slowing the time flow.


 But over at Heavenly Court, time was moving normally.


 After Thunder Ghost True Monarch entered, Chen Yi went into the starlight pillar almost right after her.


 As a result, right after Fang Yuan killed Thunder Ghost True Monarch and captured her remaining remnant soul, Chen Yi appeared.


 “You are quite fast.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 Chen Yi stared at Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s corpse, shouting: “Senior?!”


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch did not reply.


 She was undeniably dead!


 “How could this be? This is impossible!” Chen Yi, who had strong battle intent and enthusiasm, felt like cold water was poured all over him.


 He had been thinking that Thunder Ghost True Monarch was killing everything in her path, Lang Ya blessed land would be in complete chaos as Fang Yuan defends against her pathetically.


 But the truth was, Thunder Ghost True Monarch died, while Fang Yuan smiled towards him with absolutely no injuries!


 Who could have expected such a situation!


 Chen Yi blinked consecutively before he growled: “Very impressive demon, you made this illusion so convincing that I was almost deceived by you!”


 Saying so, Chen Yi flickered with green light, he used his defensive killer move.


 He did not attack in a rush, he stood to guard the black spiral behind him.


 Thus, at the next moment, Chen Yi sensed something amiss: “Hmm? The power of time path is affecting me!”


 His defensive killer move formed very slowly.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a calm expression as she said to Feng Jiu Ge: “Go in as well.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded as he entered the starlight pillar.


 “With Feng Jiu Ge’s strength, he should be able to defend himself. We are mainly relying on his own Dao Guardian luck, Heavenly Court does not have many luck path methods, this is the only way to resist Fang Yuan.”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed to herself internally.


 After Feng Jiu Ge was transported inside, she was the next person to go.


 But right when Fairy Zi Wei was about to move, boom!


 The starlight pillar exploded into countless starlight specks in the sky.


 Fairy Zi Wei was stunned: “...”


 The Heavenly Court immortals behind her: “...”



***
Chapter 1760 - Overwhelming Advantage


***





 Chapter 1760 Overwhelming Advantage


 The killer move star cast might be incredibly powerful and would affect the balance of all five regions, but any killer move had its weaknesses and flaws.


 Fang Yuan did not know much about star cast, but he knew one crucial point.


 Star cast needed a tracer.


 This tracer was the harmful dao marks that Feng Jiu Ge left behind the previous time he invaded Lang Ya blessed land.


 In the previous life, these harmful dao marks turned into a dark spiral that transported Chen Yi, Thunder Ghost True Monarch, Feng Jiu Ge, and Fairy Zi Wei in.


 Luckily, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit reacted quickly and destroyed the dark spiral in time, they prevented even more Heavenly Court Gu Immortals from entering.


 This time, because of rebirth, Fang Yuan knew the exact location of the dark spiral.


 Thus, he modified Lang Ya blessed land’s defensive formation actively and covered it using the formation space.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch came in first, she was directly killed by Fang Yuan and the rest, who were well prepared.


 Chen Yi was the second to arrive, Fang Yuan did not have much time to use Luo Po seal, so he did not do anything yet.


 And third was Feng Jiu Ge.


 He was Fang Yuan’s main target!


 Because rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was in his hands!


 And the fourth person was likely Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path Gu Immortal possessing Star Constellation Chessboard. If Duke Long was considered the spiritual leader of Heavenly Court and was the source of morale, Fairy Zi Wei was the brains of Heavenly Court, their tactician.


 She was very important, but even if Fang Yuan killed her, there would be little effect.


 Why?


 Because Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard had too many wisdom path Gu Immortals, if Fairy Zi Wei died, the second would replace her. In the past, why did Fairy Zi Wei awaken? It was because Heavenly Court’s wisdom path Gu Immortal, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, had died, Fairy Zi Wei had to awaken to take his position.


 If Fairy Zi Wei brought Star Constellation Chessboard with her, Fang Yuan might have the incentive to kill her.


 But regrettably, Star Constellation Chessboard was needed to maintain star cast, it had to be left inside Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan had his battle experience from the previous life, he was sure about this secret.


 In his position, Fang Yuan should not kill Fairy Zi Wei. Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, Fang Yuan was familiar with Fairy Zi Wei, it was advantageous to him. If he killed her, an unfamiliar Heavenly Court wisdom path Gu Immortal would weaken Fang Yuan’s post-rebirth advantage.


 Of course, there was the most important reason, Fairy Zi Wei had incredible battle strength, even though Fang Yuan surpassed her by the time of Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, right now, he had not reached rank eight yet, he was still far from his peak battle strength in the previous life.


 If he let Fairy Zi Wei in, Heavenly Court would have three rank eight battle strengths, Fang Yuan had Heavenly Giant Solor, the super formation, the immemorial rock dragon and himself, the battle would be intense, the situation would be out of control.


 And don’t forget, Chen Yi had Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s trump card!


 Immortal killer move karma relocation played an important role in his previous life, Fang Yuan remembered deeply, he would not ignore it.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan already suppressed Lang Ya land spirit, the whole of Lang Ya blessed land was his property. He wanted to reduce his losses.


 Thus, he destroyed the dark spiral earlier than in his previous life.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were all shocked, while inside Lang Ya blessed land, Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi looked at each other with dumbfounded looks!


 “This is completely different from our plans!”


 “Star cast failed, only the few of us are over here.”


 “Lang Ya blessed land was prepared for us, they reacted too quickly.”


 “Right now, we can only defend and stall for time until star cast activates again!”


 Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge quickly conversed.


 The two of them floated in the formation space, their backs were facing each other as they tried to defend themselves.


 Feng Jiu Ge asked: “That’s right, where is Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch?”


 Chen Yi gulped, he hesitated a little but did not tell Feng Jiu Ge about the scene he saw earlier, instead he said: “I am not sure too, I did not see Thunder Ghost True Monarch after entering.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “Senior Thunder Ghost must be too eager to make achievements, she went out and got separated from us. If we can join up with her, that would be best.”


 Chen Yi was shrouded in a bad feeling, but he could not shake Feng Jiu Ge’s morale at this moment, he could only say: “I can see how crafty this Fang Yuan is, he would not let us join up easily. Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch might be currently busy against the enemies for all we know.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was more optimistic than Chen Yi, he smiled: “Lord Chen Yi, we have outstanding battle strength ourselves. I can resist rank eight Gu Immortals, I can barely be considered a rank eight battle strength. With you and Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch, we have three rank eight battle strengths. It will be very difficult for Lang Ya blessed land to defend against us, right? Maybe with just us, we can take down Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Chen Yi laughed and focused his mind forcefully: “Brother Feng is right, but this situation is truly out of our expectations, you should find a time to escape using Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at Chen Yi deeply, thinking that this Chen Yi’s emotions were so easily changed.


 Feng Jiu Ge had witnessed himself how Chen Yi charged in excitedly trying to make some achievements for himself. But once he got in, he became so dejected and low-spirited all of a sudden?


 “Even though Chen Yi is the former first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, due to having an authoritative status for a long time, he has lost his bravery. No wonder he failed his mission in Western Desert and caused us to lose Divine Bean Palace.”


 Feng Jiu Ge looked down on Chen Yi in his heart. Unknown to him, in the previous life, his relationship with Chen Yi was actually quite good. Especially after he used the incomplete destiny song to save Chen Yi’s life.


 The two conversed rapidly in almost an instant.


 Fang Yuan had already taken action.


 But this time, he did not move out personally, he concealed his traces.


 The immemorial rock dragon took his place, along with Lang Ya land spirit and a band of hairy man Gu Immortals using Heavenly Giant Solor!


 Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi worked together.


 After a long while, neither side could do anything to the other.


 But Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge continued to frown deeply.


 “The immemorial rock dragon is tough and sturdy, but its threat is the lowest. The Gu Immortals inside Heavenly Giant Solor are not too skilled at fighting either.”


 “That’s right, the key is Fang Yuan. He has not shown up yet, is he fighting against Thunder Ghost True Monarch or hiding to deal with us?”


 “Other than them, there is also this formation!”


 “We need to destroy this formation, otherwise, being trapped inside this formation space is very dangerous.”


 Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge planned quickly, changing their tactic.


 Feng Jiu Ge started to use his killer move while Chen Yi defended him.


 Chen Yi blocked the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor alone while Feng Jiu Ge prepared his killer move successfully, unleashing separation song.


 But in the previous life, this song already had no effect, it was even more useless this time around.


 How could Fang Yuan forget separation song?


 The tactic that Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge tried failed and instead gave Fang Yuan an opportunity to suddenly strike and isolate the two of them.


 Thereafter, the super formation started to activate as two subspaces were created, isolating Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge.


 Heavenly Court.


 Endless starlight specks gathered again.


 Fairy Zi Wei was full of sweat, she worked her hardest to create star cast killer move once again.


 However, star cast was not so easily recreated.


 This move was incredibly powerful, it was able to transport rank eight Gu Immortals, it was truly a tactical method that could affect wars. Precisely so, the price of using it was huge, not only in immortal essence but also the time needed to prepare it with countless complex steps. Without deep wisdom path attainment, it was unusable.


 “If we can succeed and regain wisdom Gu this time, activating star cast would be an easy feat, we will not encounter so much trouble!” Fairy Zi Wei sighed.


 A Gu Immortal beside her smiled: “Lady Zi Wei, even if we do not go, with those three, they have the power to take down Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had calm expressions, the situation was very relaxed.


 But Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply, she felt that something was wrong.


 “That’s right, Feng Jiu Ge has incredible talent, he can resist rank eight as a rank seven. He already has experience in invading Lang Ya blessed land, it will only be easier this time. Even if he fails and gets attacked by Lang Ya blessed land’s full power, he has fate armor Immortal Gu, he can definitely defend himself.” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal beside Fairy Zi Wei analyzed.


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 Puff!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s body shook as he spat out a mouthful of blood, he escaped in distress inside the formation space.


 Fang Yuan chased after him with a sinister laugh.


 Feng Jiu Ge still had shock all over his face: “My Gu worms are vanishing mysteriously! How can this be? This should be a theft path method. Is it Fang Yuan’s method or this super formation’s?”


 He had already used great thief ghost hand many times, but this time around, the results were different.


 Fang Yuan only stole a large number of mortal Gu and one sound path Immortal Gu.


 “Compared to my previous life, my luck is very low now.” Fang Yuan also felt a little helpless.


 The higher his cultivation level, the more power Spring Autumn Cicada’s rebirth would require, and the deeper his backlash would be.


 Before this battle, Fang Yuan had already used methods like burning soul bursting luck, but he was still not reaching his previous life’s luck.


 “Even though I gained Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s self luck true inheritance, and this true inheritance has a comprehensive amount of killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes, there are only a few luck path Immortal Gu currently. Thus, I have not stolen Fixed Immortal Travel yet.”


 Fang Yuan sighed in regret while Feng Jiu Ge had a solemn expression.


 “He has the power to steal Immortal Gu! The situation is too severe! Even if I have fate armor Immortal Gu, he can steal it.”


 “Should I use Fixed Immortal Travel to return? Do I abandon Chen Yi...”


 Feng Jiu Ge was hesitant.


 At the other end.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal added: “Compared to Feng Jiu Ge, Lord Chen Yi is a true rank eight Gu Immortal. He is the former first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he has abundant battle experiences in his life. He is also the current generation Genesis Lotus inheritor, he has powerful wood path methods. Lord Chen Yi is old and wise, he is reliable and dependable, he can definitely control the battle situation.”


 Lang Ya blessed land, super formation.


 Chen Yi was full of sweat, the anxiety on his face could not be concealed.


 “Damn it!” He cursed in his heart, the super formation isolated him and Feng Jiu Ge, his enemies also vanished completely.


 The formation activated as layers of mazes were formed, countless illusions trapped Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi continued to investigate and break the illusions but there was an endless number of mazes and illusions.


 “Faster, faster!”


 “I need to get out of here and join with Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “How did this happen! Why did it end up like this?!”


 Chen Yi cultivated wood path, his formation path attainment was not deep.


 Chen Yi’s battle style was also not specialized in offense but in sustainability. Be it ancient tree prison cage or karma divine tree, they had the same style.


 In the previous life, Chen Yi stayed in the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, he caused trouble for Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, but this time, he was the one tormented by Fang Yuan’s super immortal formation.


 This was the tactic Fang Yuan used after familiarizing himself with Chen Yi.


 Heavenly Court.


 “I know you are right, but somehow, the unease in my heart is getting more intense.” Fairy Zi Wei sighed.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal beside her pondered: “That shouldn’t be. Even if Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi face trouble, Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch is a true expert! She was a legend that caused problems for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! Last time, Fang Yuan escaped because of the regional wall. This time in Lang Ya blessed land, she can use her true power! Hehehe, perhaps more than ten Gu Immortals have already died in her hands by now. So what if Fang Yuan is there? He will only run around like a dog after being chased by Thunder Ghost True Monarch!”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal said this with overwhelming confidence and certainty.


 Lang Ya blessed land, formation space.


 Fang Yuan chased after Feng Jiu Ge while soul searching Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 He was multitasking!


 His advantage was too large after all.


 After using great thief ghost hand multiple times, even though he could not take Fixed Immortal Travel, he had already obtained three of Feng Jiu Ge’s sound path Immortal Gu.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s strength fell drastically but he was not too injured now.


 Fang Yuan was using great thief ghost hand primarily, his other offenses were trivial and merely maintained his current advantage.


 He did not use moves like Luo Po seal.


 Because he was afraid that fate armor Immortal Gu would activate after he injured Feng Jiu Ge.


 Once fate armor Immortal Gu was activated, Fairy Zi Wei would be able to sense his exact location.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan suffered a loss from this!


 After fate armor Immortal Gu activated, Fairy Zi Wei was able to rapidly deduce and break yama battlefield.


 This time around, how could Fang Yuan commit the same mistakes?


 “Oh? There are really many Gu Immortals trying to invade Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan gained a lot of information from soul searching.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s cultivation information was valuable but Fang Yuan cast it aside, Heavenly Court’s situation was much more important to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had countless wisdom path methods, he quickly deduced: “This means that star cast can be used again, I need to hurry up and end the battle here.”


 “There is no choice! If this drags on, Fixed Immortal Travel, Fate Armor, and the other Immortal Gu would get stolen by Fang Yuan.” Feng Jiu Ge had a solemn expression, he finally made his decision to use Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “Wishful thinking!” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, activating Immortal Gu Suppress Space.


 Suppress space Immortal Gu!


 This Immortal Gu was obtained from the diamond head turtle when he specially went to Southern Border’s Earth Trench.


 There were many methods to counter Fixed Immortal Travel, but after rebirth, Fang Yuan had two most likely choices.


 One was fixed space Immortal Gu, the other was suppress space Immortal Gu.


 Fixed space Immortal Gu was in the hands of Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Liu Hao, in the previous life, Fang Yuan ambushed Southern Border’s pursuers including Xia Cha, Liu Hao was also captured.


 It was a pity that fixed space Immortal Gu self-detonated in Liu Hao’s body, Fang Yuan did not obtain it.


 As for suppress space Immortal Gu, a Luo clan Gu Immortal, Luo Ran, obtained it.


 In the previous life, Wu Yong led the Southern Alliance Gu Immortals to attack the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, Luo Ran had used it and achieved great success.


 It was too difficult for Fang Yuan to obtain fixed space Immortal Gu now, it was still too early, he was still inside Northern Plains’ Lang Ya blessed land, he had not traveled in Southern Border and attracted everyone’s rage, Xia Cha and the rest had not pursued him yet. Without Wu Yong seeking help from Fairy Zi Wei, Liu Hao would not get involved.


 But suppress space Immortal Gu was easily obtainable according to information from Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Fixed space Immortal Gu could fix a location, even if Fixed Immortal Travel activated, the Gu Immortal would only be transported to the fixed location that was chosen.


 Meanwhile, suppress space Immortal Gu could prevent the use of any space path methods within a certain area.


 As suppress space Immortal Gu was also rank seven, it countered the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Feng Jiu Ge was shocked by this, to think that Fang Yuan’s preparations were so comprehensive.


 At the next moment, Feng Jiu Ge’s expression paled.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, sighing inwardly: “It was not easy, I finally stole Fixed Immortal Travel.”



***
Chapter 1761 - Taking Blame Even In Death


***





 Chapter 1761 Taking Blame Even In Death


 Fixed Immortal Travel was finally regained!


 This way, even if Fang Yuan rose to rank eight and lost future self, he did not have to worry about losing Fixed Immortal Travel’s movement method.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was a powerful movement Immortal Gu that was extremely useful to Fang Yuan.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan deduced a killer move with Fixed Immortal Travel as the core, even as a rank eight, he could travel all over the world and cause great chaos.


 With this Immortal Gu, he would have incredibly powerful maneuverability!


 But in the previous life, Fang Yuan stole Fixed Immortal Travel with one attempt, this time, it was truly troublesome, he used great thief ghost hand more than ten times, a lot of immortal essence was expended.


 The flaw of great thief ghost hand was evident.


 Even though it could steal Immortal Gu, it would steal mortal Gu in most cases. Fang Yuan stole tens of thousands of mortal Gu from Feng Jiu Ge, but only three or four Immortal Gu.


 “Next is fate armor Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan’s cold gaze was fixed on Feng Jiu Ge.


 As long as he stole fate armor Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge would be finished.


 Feng Jiu Ge continued to escape.


 He had never thought that he would end up in such a distressed state!


 “Fang Yuan knows me very well! He has been trying to steal my Immortal Gu without attacking much, he is targeting my weakness, he knows the power of fate armor Immortal Gu.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart sank to rock bottom, an intense chill permeated in his body.


 The more Immortal Gu he lost, the more his battle strength fell.


 “Fang Yuan!” Feng Jiu Ge thought about this name in his mind. Even though he had some estimation towards Fang Yuan’s growth, he did not not that he would be forced to escape without a way of fighting back.


 Back then, Feng Jiu Ge was chasing after Fang Yuan from Southern Border to Western Desert, it seemed just like yesterday, Feng Jiu Ge could still remember clearly.


 But to think that now, their situations were reversed!


 “Such immense growth!” Feng Jiu Ge sighed in his heart.


 It was not that Feng Jiu Ge was not strong, but Fang Yuan’s preparations were simply too plentiful.


 He did not expose his secret of rebirth, his advantage was well kept.


 The super formation in Lang Ya blessed land was modified by Fang Yuan, it was many times stronger than in the previous life.


 One of the reason was that Fang Yuan controlled Lang Ya blessed land, he could mobilize all of its resources to build the immortal formation, he could also transact with the three variant human races.


 The second reason was that Fang Yuan was much stronger than in the previous life at this point in time, be it formation path or time path, he was far superior.


 This allowed him to create this super formation to trap Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi.


 At the other end.


 Chen Yi’s eyes flickered with light, he was moving around in the illusory mazes.


 “Damn it! I am still trapped after so long!” Chen Yi was lost in the illusory mazes, even though he moved around quickly and broke many illusions, he still felt like vomiting blood.


 This formation constantly refreshed Chen Yi’s evaluation towards it.


 Fang Yuan arranged almost all the variant human Gu Immortals to control the formation and target Chen Yi.


 Even though he had great battle strength with immortal killer moves like ancient tree prison cage, giant tree divine statue, karma divine tree, and others, making it very difficult for Fang Yuan to handle these superb killer moves.


 In the previous life, Chen Yi fought against two enemies alone, facing the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor, his performance was incredible and breathtaking.


 But now, Fang Yuan obtained control of Lang Ya Sect entirely, he arranged the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor to deal with Chen Yi but the two were merely assisting, the main thing dealing with Chen Yi was the super formation.


 As Chen Yi struggled in the illusory maze, every time he had hope of breaking out, the immemorial rock dragon or Heavenly Giant Solor would appear to obstruct him and stall for time.


 Next, the variant human Gu Immortals would create more layers and mazes, causing Chen Yi to stay trapped indefinitely.


 Chen Yi’s methods were all unusable as a result.


 Fang Yuan targeted him specifically, easily countering him.


 Chen Yi was very anxious now, the longer this dragged on, the more uneasy he felt.


 Was the Thunder Ghost True Monarch corpse earlier just an illusion?


 Chen Yi was not certain!


 He wanted to believe that it was an illusion.


 The reason was simple, with Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s battle strength, how could Fang Yuan possibly kill her immediately?


 Were there other possibilities?


 If Thunder Ghost True Monarch was still alive, why had she shown no commotion at all after such a long time in this battle?


 Right now, he and Feng Jiu Ge were isolated, a long time had passed, how was the situation on his end?


 “Unless, the dream realm?” Chen Yi had a flash of inspiration.


 He did not know that Fang Yuan possessed rank eight steal life Immortal Gu, but he knew that Fang Yuan was skilled at using the self-detonation of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to form dream realms and deal with strong enemies.


 During the battle at Yi Tian Mountain, Spectral Soul was captured by Heavenly Court. Afterwards, Fang Yuan was pursued by Wu Yong and Feng Jiu Ge, he used the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to escape many times.


 Without the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, Fang Yuan would have died on the way already.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert, before this trip, she had already made deductions. Fang Yuan’s dream realms, Reverse Flow River, and others were all in her consideration.


 The dark spiral was the tracer for star cast, it had detection abilities. If there were dream realms or Reverse Flow River nearby, Fairy Zi Wei could sense it.


 In fact, Fang Yuan could not truly control the dream realm or Reverse Flow River precisely. Once the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies self-detonate, they would create an expanding dream realm that moved on its own, he could also only move Reverse Flow River mildly.


 Be it the dream realm or Reverse Flow River, as long as the dark spiral was in contact with them, star cast killer move would become unstable and fail.


 Fairy Zi Wei only had to create a slightly larger dark spiral to test if there were dream realms or Reverse Flow River around it.


 “It is stupid to only use the dream realms or Reverse Flow River as a trap, but what if Fang Yuan created new dream path killer moves? He has Spring Autumn Cicada, he had been reborn from the future after all!” Chen Yi thought.


 But the truth was, Fang Yuan currently had no dream realms with him.


 His Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies had all been consumed. (Refer to Chapter 1585.)


 Most of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were used when Fang Yuan was escaping his pursuers.


 This resulted in Fang Yuan going to Southern Border to snatch dream realms after the battle of Lang Ya blessed land.


 Later, Fang Yuan made transactions with Chi Qu You secretly, he obtained many dream realms, his Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies became a sizable number.


 After that, Fang Yuan ambushed Xia Cha and the rest, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were incredibly useful. It could be said that Chi Qu You was the main contributor, it was because of his secret transactions with Fang Yuan that he could use all these dream realms. If he was just stealing them, the efficiency would be much lower.


 Chen Yi made a wrong guess, his heart became heavy.


 “No, I must destroy this immortal formation as soon as possible!”


 The dangerous situation made Chen Yi resolve to use his trump card killer move — Karma Divine Tree.


 The divine tree was lush and green, it was beautiful as a pavilion, green smoke rose slowly as it swayed with the wind.


 With karma divine tree above his head, all sorts of illusions and mazes were forced away within a certain area.


 Chen Yi could see clearly ahead of him again.


 The variant human Gu Immortals gasped.


 “This is the karma divine tree killer move that Elder Fang Yuan mentioned?”


 “The entire super Gu formation’s power is being resisted by this move, the mazes and illusions cannot affect Chen Yi.”


 “Worthy of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s killer move.”


 During the critical moment, the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor attacked Chen Yi. The other variant human Gu Immortals controlled the formation, trying to find a new way of trapping Chen Yi.


 Chen Yi snorted coldly, he did not fight the rock dragon or giant, he flew around, targeting the formation itself.


 The immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor attacked Chen Yi but he defended passively.


 Karma divine tree displayed incredible defensive power, it blocked all of the attacks perfectly.


 The divine tree which was quite sparse earlier started to bear fruits quickly.


 These fruits flew out and landed on the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor, causing them to endure the damage that they dealt themselves.


 “Quickly block Chen Yi, don’t let him rampage around.” Fang Yuan sensed something amiss, he quickly ordered.


 But the variant human Gu Immortals were very busy, they could not use the formation’s power to trap Chen Yi. As for entering the battle themselves, they would not do it.


 Even though they were allies, they treasured their lives. They would hide inside the formation if they could, in the previous life, they only came out after the formation was destroyed.


 Boom!


 With an intense explosion, Chen Yi hit a crucial spot, the formation space that was isolated became connected.


 Even though Chen Yi cultivated wood path, he was still a rank eight great expert that could mimic other paths, after such a long time inside this super formation, he could notice some of its characteristics.


 Chen Yi saw Feng Jiu Ge and quickly shouted loudly: “Hang on, I’m coming!”


 It turned out that Feng Jiu Ge was already forced into a corner by Fang Yuan, the situation was dangerous.


 “Be careful, the enemy has a way to steal Gu worms.” Feng Jiu Ge immediately gave Chen Yi critical information.


 Chen Yi’s body shook, he immediately thought of the contest over Divine Bean Palace. Western Desert’s Gu Immortal Suan Bu Jin was the one who stole legendary immemorial beast Qing Chou’s Immortal Gu using theft path.


 “They have theft path methods too?!” Chen Yi shook, he frowned deeply.


 Now was different from the previous life.


 Fang Yuan did not use emperor yama, Chen Yi could not link the two together. There was no evidence supporting the fact that Fang Yuan was Suan Bu Jin.


 Theft path was actually spread to an extent in the five regions.


 Western Desert’s Suan Bu Jin had theft path methods, but Lang Ya blessed land had an even higher possibility of possessing theft path killer moves, after all, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had personally worked with Long Hair Ancestor and refined Gu together.


 Chen Yi attacked while Fang Yuan snickered, he charged forward too.


 He activated reverse flow protection seal while preparing Luo Po seal.


 Fang Yuan’s aura surged.


 “Two rank eight killer moves?!” Chen Yi was deeply shocked, his pupils shrunk: “One for offense and one for defense, they are complementary! Damn it!”


 Fang Yuan and Chen Yi fought while the immemorial rock dragon and Heavenly Giant Solor approached Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge only had rank seven cultivation level now while a few of his Immortal Gu were stolen by Fang Yuan, his battle strength had fallen greatly. Facing the attack of two rank eight battle strengths, he was quickly injured and fate armor Immortal Gu got activated.


 Over at Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression changed: “Oh no! Fate Armor was activated, Feng Jiu Ge is in great danger, what should we do?”


 In the previous life, Fairy Zi Wei and Feng Jiu Ge were separated by only yama battlefield, she quickly broke the battlefield killer move and saved him.


 But now, Fairy Zi Wei and Feng Jiu Ge were apart by a vast distance.


 Star cast was only half prepared.


 She could not let Feng Jiu Ge die, he was a Dao Guardian!


 Chen Yi also knew the importance of Feng Jiu Ge but he was helpless, Fang Yuan was harassing him at all times. Even though karma divine tree was powerful and had both offense and defense, Fang Yuan was also attacking him with two rank eight killer moves.


 As time passed, fate armor Immortal Gu became dimmer and dimmer.


 Once the light completely faded, Feng Jiu Ge would die.


 “What do I do now?!” Chen Yi was panicking, at this moment, he heard Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s voice in his head: “Look closely, this is the consecutive move built upon karma divine tree — Karma Relocation!”


 The killer move activated, as if intense winds were blowing, the green smoke flickered as karma divine tree started to sway and dance in the wind.


 Fang Yuan quickly stopped his killer move, he let out a sigh of relief as this killer move was finally forced out.


 With karma relocation, Chen Yi could rampage in the battlefield, Fang Yuan could only avoid him.


 Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge quickly gathered: “Go back, these are my Immortal Gu, remember to tell the situation here to Lady Zi Wei, take revenge for me!”


 Chen Yi passed all the other Immortal Gu that he had to Feng Jiu Ge.


 At the next moment, karma relocation activated as Feng Jiu Ge was transported away. Even with the super formation and Lang Ya blessed land’s aperture walls, it could not block Feng Jiu Ge from leaving.


 Karma relocation was a rank nine killer move after all!


 “Feng Jiu Ge, you managed to escape this time, but next time will be different.” Fang Yuan had a plain expression.


 He knew about karma relocation, he knew there was no way to block it.


 Earlier, he separated Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi because he considered this killer move, it was a pity he did not succeed.


 Chen Yi and Feng Jiu Ge were very brilliant, they had abundant battle experiences.


 “Since Feng Jiu Ge escaped, you shall stay here and accompany Thunder Ghost True Monarch in the afterlife.” Fang Yuan smiled ruthlessly.


 Chen Yi smiled plainly: “Senior Thunder Ghost True Monarch was really killed by all of you. Come, even if I die, I will not go down easily.”


 Chen Yi knew he was going to die, he completely relaxed.


 Even though he loved authority and status, he was still a member of Heavenly Court.


 Any member of Heavenly Court would not fear sacrifice or death!


 The process of killing Chen Yi was not easy, it was difficult and a deadlock occurred many times.


 But eventually, Chen Yi succumbed and Fang Yuan took his life.


 He did not leave behind any Immortal Gu, but his remnant soul could not escape from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws.


 The variant human Gu Immortals cheered loudly in victory but they also cried out in pain.


 They had severe losses.


 Chen Yi killed many of their companions.


 Fang Yuan looked at Chen Yi’s corpse as he sighed deeply: “As expected of Chen Yi, as expected of a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal!”


 Next, he consoled the variant human Gu Immortals, showing deep sincerity and sadness: “Your sacrifices were worth it, this is a glorious victory. Even a rank eight Gu Immortal died at your hands, this result will shock the world.”


 There were only a few variant human Gu Immortals left, they were all heavily injured.


 “Oh heavens, our losses were just too severe this time.”


 “Lang Ya blessed land suffered the least losses, they were all inside the formation, they were safe inside Heavenly Giant Solor.”


 “Strange... why did several layers of the formation break all of a sudden, without it, we would not have lost so many people!”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “That must be Chen Yi’s method, he is truly formidable, I did not even notice anything!”


 The variant human Gu Immortals heard this, their eyes turned red and they gritted their teeth: “That’s right, this old scoundrel!”


 “Killing him was simply not enough!”


 “He deserves more than death!”


 The pitiful Chen Yi had no idea that even after dying in battle, he had to take the blame for Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1762 - Zi Wei’s Attack


***





 Chapter 1762 Zi Wei“s Attack


 “Fang Yuan, you should have a look, those dao marks are changing again!” The moment the battle ended, Lang Ya land spirit transmitted to Fang Yuan.


 “What?” Fang Yuan was surprised.


 He quickly left the heavily damaged super formation as he arrived at the source of the change.


 Feng Jiu Ge had left behind harmful dao marks in many places, but the dark spiral that formed earlier was the densest.


 Right now, the other areas with fewer dao marks started to experience a change.


 These dao marks gave off pale blue light, they were like stars in the sky, extremely dazzling and bright.


 Fang Yuan took a look, his face turned dark.


 “It could actually change like this!”


 He had wisdom path foundation and star path attainment, he knew what this change was going to do.


 “It seems that Feng Jiu Ge went back to Central Continent directly using karma relocation, or he even went back to Fairy Zi Wei directly. Thus, she obtained some information.”


 “They reacted so quickly!”


 Fang Yuan was feeling slight regret.


 In the battle earlier, he should not have stalled for time to create a situation where both sides suffered losses.


 He should have attacked directly and killed Chen Yi without caring for the immortal essence expenditure.


 But the truth was, even if he did that, it would not be much faster. Karma divine tree was too superb, it combined offense and defense, without the variant human Gu Immortals’ sacrifice, it was hard to kill Chen Yi in a short time.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim: “The changes in the dao marks should be Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert trying to locate the precise area of Lang Ya blessed land. We need to get rid of them, it might get very dangerous.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was very anxious: “The dark spirals are easy to destroy but these harmful shining dao marks are impossible to get rid of. I’ve already tried!”


 “What’s going on?” At this time, the remaining variant human Gu Immortals arrived with varying expressions.


 Fang Yuan ignored them, thoughts rumbled in his mind as he pondered at the speed of lightning.


 “Fairy Zi Wei wants to find the actual location of Lang Ya blessed land, she is giving it one final attempt.”


 “Heavenly Court lost terribly this time, she is truly infuriated.”


 “Lang Ya blessed land has already been relocated to Loose Tail Ridge by the land spirit, but Prince Feng Xian is likely nearby, searching for it secretly.”


 “I cannot let Fairy Zi Wei deduce the true location of Lang Ya blessed land, that would be a terrible situation.”


 Once the location is exposed, not only would Prince Feng Xian attack, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals will also reinforce him endlessly. Even if Heavenly Court fails, Fang Yuan would not leave unscathed, it would be a painful victory.


 Heavenly Court could even go crazy and tell the location of Lang Ya blessed land to everyone.


 This hairy man sacred land would attract the greed of countless people.


 Longevity Heaven would be the first to attack!


 “What should I do?” Fang Yuan processed his thoughts rapidly.


 The variant human Gu Immortals beside him were also becoming more anxious.


 They got an explanation from Lang Ya land spirit, they learned about the severity of this situation.


 “Heavenly Court is too scary, we only killed two rank eight Gu Immortals after all our efforts.”


 “We are not out of danger yet! If we do not get rid of these dao marks now, Lang Ya blessed land would be exposed, we would not be able to defend this place.”


 “That’s right, at this point, we can only rely on Lord Fang Yuan!”


 Even if Lang Ya blessed land could relocate, it could not make such a commotion with so many enemies outside.


 Everyone looked at Fang Yuan expectantly.


 “Got it!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly as he shouted.


 “You found a method?” Lang Ya land spirit asked immediately.


 “Quickly activate the refinement path formation, use my method to refine these dao marks.” Fang Yuan answered rapidly.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had obtained the refinement path true meaning, he learned that the way to get rid of these dao marks was to take action when the blessed land was relocating, it could be easily solved.


 But thinking about it, that was a trap.


 Prince Feng Xian was ambushing them outside, if Lang Ya blessed land moves, the commotion would expose them, Prince Feng Xian and Heavenly Court would attack.


 Fang Yuan’s method was to use the refinement path immortal formation and a large amount of rank eight immortal materials, as well as refinement water, to forcefully refine these harmful dao marks.


 In his previous life, he did not think of this method because he did not know of the refinement path formation or refinement water during his deductions.


 By the time he knew, the battle had ended, he stole Fixed Immortal Travel and Longevity Heaven arrived, Fang Yuan had to escape.


 Lang Ya land spirit was suppressed by Fang Yuan to begin with, after getting Fang Yuan’s method, there was no hesitation, he immediately activated the refinement path formation and targeted these harmful dao marks.


 Rank eight immortal materials were tossed in one by one, the variant human Gu Immortals had strange expressions, the hairy man Gu Immortals had twitching faces.


 “So many rank eight immortal materials!”


 “This is an immense wealth, Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation is actually so deep!”


 “It is simply like cabbage sold in the market, I cannot believe this...”


 Lang Ya land spirit was also feeling pained: “Elder Fang Yuan, Lang Ya blessed land had accumulated this after much effort, your refinement method is too coarse, it can be improved further. Maybe we can wait a bit and improve on this method, we can save a lot of materials.”


 “No, trust me, we are in grave danger now. Even though we have no enemies here at the moment, we are not safe. We need to fight against time!” Fang Yuan did not mention Prince Feng Xian, this was just part of his conjecture, he had no evidence.


 But Lang Ya land spirit was under Fang Yuan’s control, he obeyed him without question.


 Fang Yuan’s words sounded like a suggestion but they were basically an order to him, he had to execute it.


 “Alright, I will listen to you!” Lang Ya land spirit’s reply was very short.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn: “Come and refine these harmful dao marks, don’t feel pity for the refinement water used. I will enter the secret room and use wisdom path methods to stop Heavenly Court, nobody is to interrupt me. Anyone who disturbs me is a spy of Heavenly Court, I will kill you on the spot!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was filled with killing intent, he looked around as a chill emerged in all the Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 After a stern warning, he entered his cloud city and went into the secret room.


 Heavenly Court, Central Great Hall.


 Fairy Zi Wei sat in her usual seat as her eyes were shut, she was radiating with an intense purple light.


 The purple light filled the entire hall, it was like rising smoke or rushing tides, the aura was grand and magnificent.


 Fang Yuan’s defenses were soon noticed by Fairy Zi Wei.


 She frowned a little as she laughed coldly: “Want to stop me? Star Constellation Chessboard!”


 She immediately summoned Star Constellation Chessboard to assist her.


 Not long ago, Feng Jiu Ge had returned to Heavenly Court with grave injuries, but also precious information!


 After learning about it, Fairy Zi Wei immediately understood that the dark spirals were exposed, there was little hope in using them. Thus, she changed her plan and decided to expend these dao marks to deduce the exact location of Lang Ya blessed land inside Loose Tail Ridge.


 “I have not lost this battle yet!” Fairy Zi Wei held onto her belief.


 Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch were likely goners, Feng Jiu Ge was heavily injured and had already fallen unconscious. Fairy Zi Wei was responsible for this battle, she wanted to make up for her mistakes.


 In the previous life, Longevity Heaven had acted, they were powerful and originated from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Even though Heavenly Court lost, Fairy Zi Wei’s reaction was not as severe.


 But now, she lost to Fang Yuan and the variant human Gu Immortals, either of them made the proud Heavenly Court Gu Immortals unable to accept this humiliating defeat!


 Like what Fang Yuan expected, Fairy Zi Wei was truly angry.


 She tried her best, disregarding the intense backlash, to turn this situation around!


 Star Constellation Chessboard was a wisdom path rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was extremely helpful.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly got the edge on Fang Yuan as her deduction speed rose continuously.


 In the previous life, even though Fairy Zi Wei had this method, because Longevity Heaven had taken over Lang Ya blessed land, there was no point even if she tried.


 But now, because Fang Yuan won in the absence of Longevity Heaven, Fairy Zi Wei still had hope. Furthermore, Feng Jiu Ge had used Fate Armor earlier, even though it was a short duration, it was an important clue.


 Fairy Zi Wei was very confident in deducing Lang Ya blessed land’s location and defeating Fang Yuan across space!


 “This is bad.” Fang Yuan felt a mountain pressing down on him.


 The activation of fate armor Immortal Gu gave Fairy Zi Wei an extremely large advantage in deducing Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fairy Zi Wei made use of this weakness, Fang Yuan could not see any hope of stopping her.


 “Even though I have many wisdom path methods, I lack truly profound ones.”


 Even though there was rank nine wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could only use the light of wisdom. As for rank eight wisdom sword Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not have rank eight immortal essence yet. He had attitude Gu but how could Fang Yuan deduce a wisdom path method using attitude Gu as the core to defend against Fairy Zi Wei in this short time?


 “There is only one final method!” Resolution shined across Fang Yuan’s eyes.



***
Chapter 1763 - Feng Xian’s Pursui


***





 Chapter 1763 Feng Xian“s Pursui


 Heavenly Court.


 In Central Great Hall.


 Purple light spread out like rushing tides. Suddenly, the light stopped, it was like the river flow had encountered an obstruction.


 Fairy Zi Wei gasped lightly as she opened her eyes.


 She was in the middle of deductions, her progress was smooth and success was close, but suddenly, the obstruction grew immensely.


 This was not an ordinary change, it was as if she had been pushing a wooden door earlier.


 The door was already shaking, there was a high chance of opening it, once she succeeds, Fairy Zi Wei would learn about Lang Ya blessed land’s location.


 However, this wooden door turned into a heavy iron door instantly.


 “What happened?”


 “Earlier, Fang Yuan tried to stop me, his wisdom path methods are lacking, he could not succeed.”


 “But now he suddenly succeeded... wait, I get it, he annexed Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined with bright light, she got the answer.


 Fairy Zi Wei faced great difficulty in deducing Fang Yuan’s location earlier. After Fang Yuan obtained emperor yama, she had no hope of success.


 As long as Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, it would become part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 If Fairy Zi Wei tried to deduce the location of Lang Ya blessed land, wasn’t she just deducing Fang Yuan’s location?


 Thus, all of Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions were stopped by Fang Yuan’s emperor yama killer move.


 Emperor yama contained the power of rank nine killer move ghostly concealment from Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, it was a huge obstruction to Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s thoughts flickered but her movements did not stop, she continued using several wisdom path methods.


 After some probing, she confirmed her guess: “This is the same as the time I tried to deduce matters on Fang Yuan, it seems he really annexed Lang Ya blessed land!”


 “Annexing a rank seven blessed land would require grandmaster attainment level. Fang Yuan’s refinement path has grandmaster attainment level?”


 Fairy Zi Wei found that she had underestimated Fang Yuan again.


 Her expression was extremely grim.


 “Immortal apertures can only devour smaller apertures, what is Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture? How can it annex that colossal Lang Ya blessed land?”


 Fairy Zi Wei did not know of the sovereign immortal aperture’s secret yet, she was secretly shocked because the foundation that Fang Yuan exposed was already quite unfathomable.


 “Damn it, Fang Yuan obtained Lang Ya blessed land, his foundation increased tremendously. What are these variant human Gu Immortals doing? They actually let Fang Yuan swallow their foundation? These idiots!”


 Fairy Zi Wei gritted her teeth, these variant human Gu Immortals were simply too useless.


 “Wait, this is likely Fang Yuan’s scheme!”


 “He is using these variant human Gu Immortals to target my Heavenly Court. At the same time, he is also using Heavenly Court to weaken these variant human Gu Immortals.”


 “After this battle, the variant human Gu Immortals must have suffered heavy losses, that’s how Fang Yuan forcefully annexed them.”


 “In fact, he might have even used this threat of my deduction to trick them into agreeing with his plan!”


 In one instance, Fairy Zi Wei thought of many things.


 Fang Yuan left her an incredibly deep impression of being crafty and shrewd, she could not help but think of him in a bad light.


 Fairy Zi Wei was extremely gloomy!


 She felt that this attack on Lang Ya blessed land was simply giving Fang Yuan benefits!


 “Fang Yuan, I will not let you succeed. Prince Feng Xian...” Fairy Zi Wei had anger in her eyes, she immediately contacted Prince Feng Xian who was in Northern Plains.


 Prince Feng Xian had already received orders, he was lurking in Loose Tail Ridge, the original plan was to cooperate with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals if there was a chance to attack Lang Ya blessed land together. If Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals noticed this, he would show up and obstruct them to stall for time.


 “Prince Feng Xian, Fang Yuan might show up now, quickly investigate, try to stall him the moment you find him.” Fairy Zi Wei ordered.


 “Understood.” Prince Feng Xian said before quickly changing his tone: “Wait, I found him already!”


 “You are alone, be careful!” Fairy Zi Wei quickly said: “Fang Yuan is devious and scheming, the theft path Immortal Gu might come from Lang Ya Sect, it could also be his. I have already sent Gu Immortals into Northern Plains to help you. But in the short term, you have no reinforcements.”


 Prince Feng Xian had a solemn expression: “I understand.”


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal but he had to be so careful against a rank seven Gu Immortal?


 But he did not feel any absurdity in this, it was only natural.


 Not just Prince Feng Xian, Fairy Zi Wei and the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals felt the same.


 Their earlier underestimation only revealed their own foolishness.


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch and Chen Yi died, this demon Fang Yuan was extraordinary, he could not be assessed with common sense.


 Others could be underestimated, but trying to look down on Fang Yuan was simply stupidity!


 “He is here indeed.” Fang Yuan flew in the sky, he turned around to look, Prince Feng Xian was already getting close to him at a rapid speed.


 The commotion of annexing Lang Ya blessed land was not small, Fang Yuan’s main body was exposed.


 Prince Feng Xian had been waiting close by, the moment he sensed it, he charged over.


 Fang Yuan flew ahead rapidly.


 He did not want to fight Prince Feng Xian.


 After an intense battle earlier, he was not in peak condition, he had consumed a lot of immortal essence.


 At the same time, he had to defend against Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions. Emperor yama was closely covering his soul, concealing his traces and expending his soul foundation.


 “Fang Yuan, where are you running?”


 “If you are a man, stay here and fight me for three hundred rounds!”


 “You coward, do you only know how to run?”


 ...


 Prince Feng Xian had an arrogant attitude, he continued to scold endlessly.


 But the truth was, Prince Feng Xian was very much on guard, he seemed arrogant but his mind was on alert.


 Fang Yuan sneered, no matter how Prince Feng Xian provoked him, he paid no heed.


 Even if Fang Yuan was not in his peak condition, even with just rank seven cultivation level, by using reverse flow protection seal, Luo Po seal, Heavenly Giant Solor, and the immemorial rock dragon, he could totally fight evenly with Prince Feng Xian without falling back.


 But what was the point?


 Fighting against Prince Feng Xian could possibly cause problems if he was careless.


 This was one of the ten great fierce areas of Northern Plains, Loose Tail Ridge!


 If Fang Yuan used his methods, he would expose precious information, his immortal essence would be expended for no reason. If Heavenly Court’s reinforcements arrived while they fought, the situation would become much worse.


 The king does not dispatch troops based on anger!


 Be they righteous path or demonic path, if one could not control their emotions, regardless of how big their achievements were at the moment, they were just foolish clowns at the core.


 “I arrived, this is it.” Fang Yuan flew rapidly, when he saw the valley ahead of him with that huge frosty lake, he became extremely joyful.


 Prince Feng Xian had taken action long ago, he sent attacks towards Fang Yuan from the back.


 The two chased and fled, they rapidly got close to the frosty lake.


 A huge wave appeared in the frosty lake as an immemorial frost dragon appeared. It had a horn on its head, a long body of over a hundred feet, and many layers of white scales on its body, the temperature of the surroundings fell drastically once it appeared.


 The immemorial frost dragon screeched, warning Fang Yuan and Prince Feng Xian to not approach its territory.


 But this immemorial frost dragon was Fang Yuan’s target!


 When Lang Ya land spirit first relocated the blessed land, going from the crescent lake to Loose Tail Ridge, he did not tell Fang Yuan about the specific location, he was on guard against Fang Yuan.


 But now that the land spirit was under him, Lang Ya blessed land’s location and the surrounding forces became Fang Yuan’s knowledge.


 The immemorial frost dragon’s warning was useless, Fang Yuan and Prince Feng Xian still charged towards it.


 It became enraged as it gulped, opening its mouth and emitting its endless frost breath.


 The frost breath was like a wave made of ice and frost, it was pure and white, everywhere it went, there was an icy light which shined like crystals.


 Fang Yuan activated reverse flow protection seal, moving into this colossal frost breath.


 Prince Feng Xian saw that the situation was amiss, he also chased after Fang Yuan.


 The frost breath engulfed everything, it interfered with Prince Feng Xian’s investigative killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal made sure that he was intact and safe.


 As the frost breath flew past him, countless horse carriage sized ice shards descended.


 Prince Feng Xian was bathed in flames, there was a layer of frost on his brows as he floated in the sky.


 After blocking the frost breath, Prince Feng Xian did not feel any smugness, instead, he felt angered and anxious.


 Because he had lost any trace of Fang Yuan.


 “Fang Yuan has familiar face, he probably turned into an ice shard and descended with them!”


 Prince Feng Xian knew some important information, with his rich battle experiences, he immediately realized the most likely reason for Fang Yuan’s disappearance. It was not easy now if he wanted to find Fang Yuan’s main body.


 Especially when the immemorial frost dragon attacked him right when he was about to move.


 “Stupid beast!” Prince Feng Xian shouted in anger.


 The immemorial frost dragon had limited wisdom, since Fang Yuan vanished, it thought that he had died. The only one remaining was Prince Feng Xian, who was conspicuously bathed in raging flames.


 Compared to Fang Yuan’s rank seven aura, Prince Feng Xian had a powerful rank eight aura, he was on the same level as the immemorial frost dragon.


 In the immemorial frost dragon’s eyes, Fang Yuan was trivial, the true threat was Prince Feng Xian!


 Boom boom boom!


 Prince Feng Xian had no choice but to fight against the immemorial frost dragon intensely.


 At the same time, he found an opportunity to investigate all of the ice shards on the ground.


 He soon made a discovery.


 An ice shard fell onto the frosty lake and did not float, instead, it turned into an ancient frost dragon and swam towards the bottom of the pond.


 “Fang Yuan, you cannot escape!” Prince Feng Xian gave up on attacking the immemorial frost dragon, he targeted the frosty lake.


 Fang Yuan entered the frosty lake and dived down continuously.


 Soon, he saw a large number of frost dragons, here were ancient frost dragons and desolate beast frost dragons.


 This was a huge family of frost dragons!


 These frost dragons only looked at Fang Yuan curiously, he was one of them, they had no desire to attack.


 Prince Feng Xian’s attack on the frosty lake was a completely different issue.


 Many of the ancient frost dragons started to attack him but Prince Feng Xian incinerated all of them.


 The ancient frost dragons went into chaos, a small portion of them became ferocious as they pestered Prince Feng Xian while the rest escaped.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he mixed into the group.


 “Fang Yuan, come out if you have guts!” Prince Feng Xian lost all traces of Fang Yuan again, he screamed angrily inside the frosty lake, his voice caused huge ripples and waves in the calm pond.


 The immemorial frost dragon cried out in despair, its descendants were all brutally murdered by this human Gu Immortal, blood dyed the frosty lake as its anger reached the tipping point.


 It attacked Prince Feng Xian with overwhelming hatred and anger!



***
Chapter 1764 - Evaluating Gains


***





 Chapter 1764 Evaluating Gains


 Prince Feng Xian did not want to fight with the immemorial frost dragon, he continued to go after Fang Yuan and pester him.


 Prince Feng Xian dived deep down into the frosty lake.


 But soon, a second immemorial frost dragon appeared from within the deepest part of the frosty lake, blocking Prince Feng Xian.


 “There are two immemorial frost dragons inside this frosty lake?” Prince Feng Xian and Fang Yuan were deeply shocked.


 Prince Feng Xian was furious but helpless, he was temporarily stalled.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he dived into the depths of the frosty lake, escaping Prince Feng Xian’s pursuit.


 He soon found out that there was a secret tunnel in this frosty lake, it was connected to other places.


 Fang Yuan swam into the secret tunnel, arriving in another frosty lake.


 This frosty lake was tranquil and large, there were a large group of frost dragons here.


 “So there is actually a huge group of them, no wonder there are two immemorial frost dragons, wait no, three!” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.


 He found another immemorial frost dragon here.


 This immemorial frost dragon was sprawled around the edge of the frosty lake, hearing the intense battle, it became anxious.


 It moved its head around and growled, after a while, it could not wait anymore, diving into the frosty lake and going to help out the other immemorial frost dragons.


 “Three immemorial frost dragons, hehe.” Fang Yuan felt a little pity for Prince Feng Xian.


 Prince Feng Xian was in trouble.


 Of course, immemorial frost dragons had much lower wisdom compared to humans, they could not kill Prince Feng Xian, in fact, one or two of the dragons might die.


 Prince Feng Xian had powerful battle strength, he had developed in Northern Plains to become a rank eight Gu Immortal, his battle results were astounding.


 “But after Prince Feng Xian gets rid of the three immemorial frost dragons, I would have left already.”


 Fang Yuan got out of the pond and was about to leave but he suddenly stopped moving.


 He saw many frost dragon eggs.


 Each egg was the size of a millstone, there were a few hundred of these eggs lying around.


 “So the immemorial frost dragon was protecting these eggs earlier, that’s why they refused to leave. Wait, what is this?”


 At the center of the batch of eggs, he saw a small stone pillar that was grey-white in color and emitting frost energy.


 “This is rank eight immortal material frosty stone? Such a huge piece, it has incredible value.”


 Even with Fang Yuan’s current wealth, he felt a faint sense of joy from obtaining it.


 At this point, he finally realized why this group of frost dragons had three immemorial frost dragons.


 He immediately took away the frosty stone and the thousands of frost dragon eggs.


 “My luck suppresses Prince Feng Xian and these frost dragons, thus, while being chased by him, I benefited instead!” Fang Yuan sighed in his mind.


 Prince Feng Xian was not Feng Jiu Ge.


 Without the help of Dao Guardian Feng Jiu Ge’s luck, Fang Yuan’s superiority in luck became very apparent.


 Prince Feng Xian could not stall Fang Yuan, instead, he gained a huge benefit. Without him fighting these three immemorial frost dragons, Fang Yuan would not have a chance to steal this immense fortune!


 This was the power of luck path!!


 “I have to thank Prince Feng Xian for his cooperation.” Fang Yuan was happy as he drilled underground, using Fixed Immortal Travel to escape.


 Prince Feng Xian was still fighting the three frost dragons now.


 Suddenly, the three immemorial frost dragons received information from the other frost dragons and learned that the eggs were stolen, they became enraged, their eyes turned red as they sent out frost breaths like it was endless.


 Even the powerful Prince Feng Xian was dazed from their actions, he had to defend against them desperately.


 “What are these stupid snakes doing? Why did they become so fierce?” Prince Feng Xian could not understand.


 “Sigh! These beasts are wasting so much time, Fang Yuan must have escaped already. My mission failed!” Prince Feng Xian mentally sighed.


 There was no choice, Fang Yuan did not want to fight against him, he was too good at fleeing.


 Because Fang Yuan had transformation path attainment, Prince Feng Xian was at a disadvantage in a place like Loose Tail Ridge.


 Fang Yuan made use of his immense territorial advantage.


 When Gu Immortals fight, those who only look at killer moves or Immortal Gu are the ignorant fools. Gu Immortal elites would learn to use their advantages and other natural factors, they would consider the enemy’s emotions and plans.


 “Then come back, Fang Yuan is crafty, because you appeared at this time, he has likely deduced your true identity.” Fairy Zi Wei transmitted.


 Prince Feng Xian was silent, he felt dissatisfied but Fairy Zi Wei was right, he could not look down on Fang Yuan.


 The moment Prince Feng Xian acted against Fang Yuan, his identity was exposed.


 “I’ll retreat!” Prince Feng Xian gritted his teeth, flying out of the frosty lake.


 But the three immemorial frost dragons did not let him off!


 “What is going on, are these three snakes crazy? They are not letting me off!” Prince Feng Xian felt extremely unlucky, these three beasts were pestering him for no apparent reason.


 “You think I am helpless against you?” Prince Feng Xian was getting more and more furious.


 When he was about to attack, beast growls resounded around the entire ridge, figures of immemorial desolate beasts appeared as they looked at Prince Feng Xian with animosity.


 They recognized the three immemorial frost dragons, they had been neighbors for many years.


 But this human Gu Immortal, where did he come from?


 He dared to invade Loose Tail Ridge?!


 Prince Feng Xian’s expression turned pale, Loose Tail Ridge was one of the ten great fierce areas, even rank eight Gu Immortals had to be careful when exploring it.


 “I might trigger a beast tide at this rate! I should leave!” Prince Feng Xian’s heart sank, he quickly retreated.


 “Achoo!” He was caught unguarded earlier and got hit by an immemorial frost dragon’s frost breath, he was covered in frost now as he sneezed.


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, he was hit on the back by an ice ball from an immemorial frost dragon, he was pushed away by the momentum in a pitiful state.


 The three immemorial frost dragons chased after Prince Feng Xian relentlessly, but he did not dare to retaliate, he endured hits with an ashen expression as he escaped from Loose Tail Ridge while spitting out blood.


 Three days later.


 The refinement path formation resonated, the final portion of harmful dao marks had been removed.


 “We finally succeeded!” Lang Ya land spirit sighed.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he was finally safe.


 These three days, Fairy Zi Wei had been making deductions, Fang Yuan felt immense pressure. Even though emperor yama did its job perfectly, it was expending Fang Yuan’s soul foundation constantly.


 “Compared to the previous life, my soul foundation has fallen much more.”


 “To quickly refine these harmful dao marks, I spent a lot of rank eight immortal materials.”


 “But compared to my gains, these losses are inconsequential.”


 Fang Yuan evaluated this huge battle.


 Now that the harmful dao marks were gone, Fairy Zi Wei could no longer find them, this battle over Lang Ya blessed land had finally ended.


 Undeniably, Fang Yuan won this battle, his gains were immense.


 He was quite satisfied with it.


 The entire flow of the battle was within his control, nothing had gone out of his expectations.


 This was the advantage of rebirth!


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s power was evident and clear.


 Of course, if the user was not Fang Yuan who had great strength, no matter how many times a mortal tried to rebirth, they would not be able to change anything.


 In essence, Spring Autumn Cicada was just a supporting Gu, the changes that one could do post-rebirth were dependent on the Gu Immortal’s own schemes and abilities.


 “But some mishaps happened regardless.”


 “Like Feng Jiu Ge escaping easily through karma relocation killer move.”


 “And the other ability of the harmful dao marks, after Fairy Zi Wei gave up on the dark spiral and tried to deduce Lang Ya blessed land’s location, I was caught off guard.”


 This was something that Fang Yuan did not know in the previous life.


 Rebirth did not mean that Fang Yuan could know all of his enemy’s trump cards.


 Especially against Heavenly Court, their foundation was just too deep.


 Rebirth carried advantages, but it was not absolute.


 The enemies were not stupid, if you act differently from the previous life, they would also react differently and make different actions.


 Fairy Zi Wei forcefully deducing Lang Ya blessed land and sending Prince Feng Xian after him was the best evidence.


 This had not happened in the previous life.


 Before the battle, Fang Yuan had considered this, thus, he chose to resist Heavenly Court and did not involve Longevity Heaven.


 In the previous life, Lang Ya land spirit had to get help from Longevity Heaven, it made Heavenly Court retreat while Fang Yuan escaped.


 After suppressing Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan gained a very alluring choice.


 That was to use the former agreement to make Lang Ya land spirit seek help from Longevity Heaven. Then, using Lang Ya blessed land as the battlefield, he could make Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court fight to the death while he reaps the benefits at the best timing.


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan gave up on this idea.


 It was too risky!


 Even though the benefits were huge if he succeeded, the risks were too high, Fang Yuan was unwilling to take the chance.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was still recovering now, it could not be used.


 And he could not look down on his enemies!


 Whether they be Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court, they were all full of rank eight geniuses with deep foundations.


 If he was careless, they would make a different choice than in the previous life. They would use many different methods, the more they change their actions, the more the situation would warp until nothing remains the same.


 Fang Yuan did not have enough strength currently to suppress the situation when both forces were involved.


 Thus, Fang Yuan chose to resist Heavenly Court alone.


 This way, there would be less variance, he could control the situation. Even though some mishaps occurred, they were not too troublesome, Fang Yuan obtained victory in the end.


 Everything in Lang Ya Sect belonged to Fang Yuan now.


 Right now, the three hairy man continents were placed in Mini Eastern Sea.


 Because a lot of the refinement water was used, Fang Yuan collected the rest and created an incomplete Refinement Sea, putting it at the most western side of Mini Eastern Sea, close to Mini Central Continent.


 As for Lang Ya blessed land’s Cloud Cover Continent, Fang Yuan placed it in Mini White Heaven.


 The incomplete Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron of Lang Ya Sect was stored away by Fang Yuan, he dismantled it and planned to modify great thief ghost hand with it.


 The refinement path formation was completely intact and kept in Cloud Cover Continent.


 As for the luck path self luck true inheritance, Thieving Heaven true inheritance, and Long Hair refinement path true inheritance, Fang Yuan would research upon them in the future.


 “Three days have passed, I wonder if those variant human Gu Immortals have made their choice.” Lang Ya land spirit controlled the Long Hair refinement path formation as he slowly stopped it and spoke.


 Fang Yuan snorted lightly: “I am a rank eight Gu Immortal! A wise person submits to circumstances, if they are really blind and do not want to join Lang Ya Sect, we will eliminate these people.”



***
Chapter 1765 - Taking In The Variant Humans


***





 Chapter 1765 Taking In The Variant Humans


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini White Heaven, Cloud Cover Continent.


 “How about it, has everyone decided?” Fang Yuan controlled his time path clone to meet these remaining variant human Gu Immortals.


 Among these variant humans Gu Immortals, there was snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan, rockman Gu Immortals Shi Zong and Shi Shi Cheng, as well as inkman Gu Immortal Mo Qi Yi.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s intentional scheme, only these four variant human Gu Immortals were left.


 Three days ago, after Fang Yuan got free from Prince Feng Xian, he let these four Gu Immortals decide if they wanted to join Lang Ya Sect, they had three days to consider it.


 Right now, three days had passed.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone and Lang Ya land spirit came together.


 Bing Yuan and the rest looked at each other without speaking, they had difficult expressions.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone snorted coldly on the inside, but he showed a kind smile as he said warmly: “Everyone, you can tell me if you have any difficulties, we are allies, we are family! Even though I am currently a rank eight Gu Immortal, I will not change my attitude toward you.”


 Fang Yuan tossed out both the carrot and the stick, he pointed out his rank eight cultivation with a smile, there was deep meaning behind his words and actions.


 The four variant human Gu Immortals heard this and had even uglier expressions.


 Fang Yuan had sold three of Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s rib bones earlier, his reputation soared, the variant humans attached importance and paid attention to him.


 Now, he had controlled the situation to defeat Heavenly Court, he even killed two Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals in front of the variant human Gu Immortals!


 Fang Yuan’s reputation was hundreds of times as high as before, he was like a tall mountain standing in front of these variant human Gu Immortals.


 These words had completely different implications now after the battle.


 Every word was like a mountain that pressed down on the variant human Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 Seeing that the immortals were silent, Fang Yuan smiled again: “I am trying to help you. You were all involved in the battle, Feng Jiu Ge has escaped and divulged the information. With Heavenly Court’s wisdom path capabilities, they will certainly deduce your information. Staying here is the best choice.”


 The four variant human Gu Immortals looked at each other with bitter expressions.


 Fang Yuan was right.


 But if they joined Lang Ya Sect, they would lose their freedom.


 This was different from their alliance agreement earlier.


 Who would want to lose their freedom?


 Fang Yuan had said it nicely by asking them to join Lang Ya Sect. But the four variant human Gu Immortals knew that Lang Ya Sect had been annexed by Fang Yuan already, joining it was just a facade, the essence was to submit to Fang Yuan and become his subordinate!


 It was fine if Fang Yuan was a hairy man.


 But he was a human Gu Immortal.


 The four variant human Gu Immortals did not want to become the subordinates of a human Gu Immortal.


 But the situation was quite peculiar, they had no choice to be honest.


 Not agreeing to Fang Yuan’s request had terrifying consequences!


 Fang Yuan’s smile gradually faded, he urged them in a plain tone: “Everyone, you are thinking too much! If I really want to harm you, I can just kill you on the spot, can you really resist me?”


 Fang Yuan was threatening them openly now, the four variant human Gu Immortals’ expressions changed.


 They could not rebuke him.


 Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, together with Heavenly Giant Solor, what could the rockmen do with just one immemorial rock dragon?


 Fang Yuan looked at them as he continued: “Even though I am a demonic path human Gu Immortal, that was not by choice, because Heavenly Court wants to kill me, what else can I do? You are all my friends and family, I will not harm you. After joining Lang Ya Sect, we will be even closer together. If we are dispersed, Heavenly Court or even Longevity Heaven might find trouble with you to weaken us!”


 Fang Yuan spoke earnestly, the four variant human Gu Immortals felt a little more calm now.


 But Lang Ya land spirit was feeling a cold chill upon seeing this.


 “Master Fang Yuan’s acting is truly impeccable! He had plotted against them earlier, if not for him, how could the three races lose so many Gu Immortals?”


 “If I say the truth, I wonder what expression these four variant human Gu Immortals will show?”


 The four variant human Gu Immortals were not stupid, they were quite intelligent, after all, they were the leaders of their own tribes and had survived for so many years.


 They were suspicious towards Fang Yuan, but they concealed these suspicions and did not show it at all.


 Fang Yuan was too strong now!


 He had stunning battle strength and rank eight cultivation level, he could roam all five regions unhindered.


 Even Heavenly Court could not succeed, nobody could stop him now.


 Forget about Duke Long, he was a special case.


 Against Fang Yuan, the variant human Gu Immortals felt deep fear but also a sense of reliance.


 “If we join Fang Yuan, life should be much more stable?” The four variant human Gu Immortals had this thought in them, it was just the intensity that varied.


 One can find shade under large trees.


 Submitting to other human Gu Immortals was too dangerous. But Fang Yuan seemed to be a good choice.


 But if they knew that Fang Yuan was going to attack Central Continent and Heavenly Court, who knew how they would feel?


 “Since Lord Fang Yuan is inviting us with sincerity, we, the snowman tribe, will believe in you, we will move over and join Lang Ya Sect!” After a while of silence, the first to agree was snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan.


 This rank seven Gu Immortal was the grandmother of Fang Yuan’s fiancée, Xue Er.


 With this relationship, she was closest to Fang Yuan, she agreed first.


 With Bing Yuan’s agreement, the other three Gu Immortals soon submitted and agreed to become members of Lang Ya Sect.


 This was quite similar to the previous life.


 These variant human Gu Immortals joined Lang Ya Sect in the end.


 But last time, they were forced by Longevity Heaven, they had no hesitation.


 And in this life, Fang Yuan forced them, they agreed after three days.


 The leaders of the variant humans agreed, next, Fang Yuan’s main body went to the northern icy plain and Inkman City to capture all of the variant humans there. Wait, no, he was going to rescue them and escort them into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, the next day.


 At the extreme north of Mini Northern Plains.


 A pair of Gu Immortals, male and female, floated in the sky as they looked down on the ground.


 The male had a plain expression but his eyes were deep like the abyss, he gave off an incredible air that could intimidate anyone. It was Fang Yuan’s soul which had entered his former body, the current time path clone.


 The female immortal was young and beautiful, she was tall and vibrant, she had blue eyes and hair, she had the icy trait of her variant human race. It was snowman Gu Immortal Xue Er, Fang Yuan’s fiancée in name.


 “Xue Er, my main body could not come here, only my clone can accompany you, will you blame me?” Fang Yuan’s time path clone said gently with an apologetic tone.


 Xue Er blinked several times before rapidly saying: “Fang... Fang Yuan, don’t worry about it, am I such a petty girl? With your clone by my side, I am very happy already.”


 Xue Er placed herself on a low status.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s time path clone had the same cultivation level as her at rank six, his main body was a rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Right now, the entire snowman tribe had to live in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, even her grandmother Bing Yuan had become Fang Yuan’s subordinate.


 The time path clone saw Xue Er’s attitude and nodded in satisfaction.


 Xue Er asked: “I have a question, why did you bring me here?”


 “Hahaha, I have a present for you. Xue Er, take a look down there.” Fang Yuan’s time path clone said as he waved his hand.


 The frost energy fog below faded as the mountain and formation were exposed.


 Xue Er opened her mouth as she showed a shocked expression: “Ah, this is?”


 “This is the snow crystal formation, I used an ice path crystal essence and a lot of ice and snow path Gu worms to create it. From now on, your snowman tribe will live here.” Fang Yuan explained the benefits of this formation.


 The snow crystal formation covered a wide range of tens of thousands of li.


 The snow crystal formation would emit the frost energy that would constantly alter the environment inch by inch, creating a living habitat that suited the snowmen.


 At the same time, snow monsters would be produced, they would coexist with the snowmen and train each other.


 “Xue Er, we are engaged. The snowman tribe is closer to me than the others. These last days, I have been thinking of how to accommodate all of you.”


 “Thinking about it, after doing lots of deductions, I finally created this snow crystal formation. With it, the snowmen will have the best environment to live in.”


 Saying this, the time path clone looked at Xue Er with a gentle expression.


 Xue Er was very happy, her eyes shined brightly: “Fang Yuan, you really thought a lot about it, this is all out of my expectations, to speak the truth, grandma was still worried yesterday on how to settle down the snowmen!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he held Xue Er’s shoulder.


 Xue Er’s body shook.


 Such an intimate action, this was the first time for her!


 Fang Yuan spoke again: “Xue Er, you will be the owner of this formation from now on. You can take care of the tribe, my sovereign immortal aperture has nothing but space in it. You must develop it well, make sure that there are more snowmen in the future, try to reach the size of the hairy men.”


 Xue Er heard this, her eyes became red from excitement, she said in a choking voice: “Fang Yuan, thank you so much. I have never thought that the snowmen would one day be able to develop so openly and freely. I will definitely not let you down! Grandma and Lord Bing Zhuo will definitely be very happy if they hear about your arrangements.”


 Fang Yuan hugged her using this chance.


 This time, Xue Er did not turn stiff, she held onto Fang Yuan’s chest with a face that was flushed red.


 Fang Yuan said with deep emotions: “Actually, the entire world is misunderstanding me. They call me shameless and unscrupulous, cold and emotionless, but the truth is, they want my Immortal Gu and precious memories, for that sake, they put all the blame on me and try to extort me using righteous excuses!”


 “My experiences are like the snowmen, so I can empathize with and understand you.”


 “Sigh, actually, I could have done more. The snow crystal formation lacks some ice and snow path Immortal Gu, it is not strong enough. At the same time, there is only one ice path crystal essence, if I can get more of those, I can place them all inside here.”


 Fang Yuan’s words made Xue Er feel immense bliss


 She did not even think about it: “Don’t worry Fang Yuan, our snowman tribe has two ice path crystal essences in our inventory, once grandma hears about this, she will definitely use some Immortal Gu to develop our homeland.”


 “Oh? Is that so, that would be wonderful.” Fang Yuan showed an expression of surprise and joy as he smiled.


 Xue Er shut her eyes, her lips were curling up, she hugged Fang Yuan’s waist as she sank into bliss and happiness.



***
Chapter 1766 - One Step Back, Sea and Sky Expands


***





 Chapter 1766 One Step Back, Sea and Sky Expands


 The sky was pure and blue, white clouds resembled snow.


 A strong breeze was blowing over the autumn grassland. Under the sunlight, golden waves could be seen as the grass moved in synchronization.


 And amidst these waves, there was a huge black city.


 From a bird’s eye view, this city was large but has a strict structure.


 The outer city walls resembled huge rock monoliths, they were black like ink. The surface of the rocks had undergone weathering, the vicissitudes of time were carved on them.


 The entire city was a hexagon, it was situated on the grassland. The city walls were more than two hundred li long, they were a hundred feet tall and tens of feet thick, it was a grand sight. If a person stood on the grassland, they would see a huge black beast sprawling. If they got closer, they would need to raise their heads to look up at the huge city gate and walls.


 Every edge of the city had defensive towers that were filled with countless holes that could shoot out arrows.


 Every few li apart, there would be a wide path for horse carriages to move on.


 There were even very secretive armories within the city walls.


 For mortals, just the city wall was impenetrable. During the Northern Plains Imperial Court Contest, this grand wall had resisted Gu Master armies tens of times without falling.


 Passing the city walls, one would arrive at the vibrant world within.


 This city had over eight hundred thousand people, there were Gu Masters of all sorts.


 The city had many streets and shops, there were great numbers of houses and palaces. People and carriages were bustling, there was an endless flow of activity. Loud noises could be heard constantly, this was truly a lively city.


 And the most special trait, this city was most populous in inkmen.


 Walking on all the streets and alleys, one could see few humans, but inkmen could be seen anywhere.


 This was a city for the inkmen.


 This was a unique city in Northern Plains, it was special even in the five regions!


 This was Inkman City!


 Rumble...


 Intense rumbling noises could be heard, earthquakes resounded as the peace and order of the city was disrupted.


 “What happened?”


 “Did the earth crack? There had been rumors for the last few years that the earth would crack and form Earth Trenches that extend deep into the earth core!”


 “Save me!”


 “Mother...”


 At once, the city went into chaos, countless mortals were running around in panic, there was complete chaos.


 Dust rumbled, the whole of Inkman City’s houses and city walls started to shine in a halo of light.


 Next, Inkman City floated up, it was soaring into the sky.


 “Oh my lord! Inkman City is flying, it’s flying?!”


 “Were the rumors true? Inkman City is really a mortal Gu House?”


 “Oh my heaven! This mortal Gu House is so huge, this is unheard of!”


 The mortals were incredibly shocked, they shouted in disbelief.


 Right at this time, an immortal killer move flew over, spreading a huge green light that enveloped the whole of Inkman City.


 “Sleep, go ahead and sleep for a while.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he floated among the clouds.


 A male inkman immortal was standing beside him.


 He was the Inkman City Lord, King of the Northern Plains inkmen, rank six Gu Immortal Mo Tan Sang.


 He was one of the two remaining Gu Immortals of Inkman City.


 Due to Fang Yuan’s wisdom path immortal killer move, Inkman City’s mortals fell into deep sleep, the entire city became silent all of a sudden.


 Inkman City shrunk and became smaller, a moment later, it entered Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture successfully.


 “This Inkman City has eight hundred thousand people, in the past, the legendary inkman Gu Immortal Yi Yan created it and it has developed until today.”


 “Central Continent has the number one human city, Emperor City, my Inkman City can be considered half an Emperor City.”


 Fang Yuan recruited the inkman Gu Immortals, he would naturally not give up their greatest asset.


 “From now on, you will continue to be the Inkman City Lord. Develop it, nurture more inkman Gu Immortals. My sovereign immortal aperture has sufficient space for you to display your skills.” Fang Yuan smiled as he said to Mo Tan Sang.


 Mo Tan Sang had an excited expression, he quickly knelt down and paid respects to Fang Yuan: “I, Mo Tan Sang, am willing to assist Lord Fang Yuan, I will do my best to develop Inkman City.”


 “Mm, go inside too.” Fang Yuan smiled plainly.


 Mo Tan Sang obediently entered Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 He followed Inkman City and landed in Mini Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan had chosen the location long ago.


 Once Inkman City landed, the dust clouds dispersed, the sleeping mortals started to wake up. Mo Tan Sang gave out orders meticulously, he controlled the situation and maintained Inkman City’s stability.


 Mo Tan Sang was feeling very complex now, when facing Fang Yuan, he did not dare to show any impoliteness.


 Mo Tan Sang had interacted with Fang Yuan long ago when he was still rank six. Mo Tan Sang had even sold Tai Bai Yun Sheng the nine clouds ring mortal killer move as a favor to befriend them.


 Right now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was dead while Fang Yuan had rank eight cultivation level, his terrifying battle strength and incredible battle records eliminated any sense of rebellion in his heart.


 Fang Yuan came to retrieve Inkman City, Mo Tan Sang had learned about it in advance, he cooperated fully during the process.


 Fang Yuan smiled internally.


 “Mo Tan Sang is indeed a talented person.”


 “I remember that in the five hundred years of my previous life, this person led Inkman City and nurtured many inkman Gu Immortals, he cooperated with Ma Hong Yun on equal status. During the five regions chaotic war, not only did he raise his cultivation level, he even expanded Inkman City to hundreds of cities all over Northern Plains!”


 “With him governing Inkman City and without any rival forces in Mini Western Desert, his future prospects are very bright.”


 Mo Tan Sang was a talented leader. Not only did he have unique foresight and courage to take resolute actions, he could also bow and submit when necessary, he was not someone who could be belittled.


 As long as he had a chance, he would turn around the situation and create miracles for himself.


 In this aspect, he was like a weaker Wu Yong. But because of his variant human identity, he did not have a good cultivation environment, he had always been troubled by his circumstances.


 As long as he had a chance, his development would not be restricted to this.


 Fang Yuan was not worried about his growth, he was happy to see it happen.


 This was the magnanimity of an expert, this was Fang Yuan’s confidence in himself.


 No matter how Mo Tan Sang grew, Fang Yuan was confident in controlling and manipulating him for his own use.


 There was actually some risk in relocating Inkman City.


 Heavenly Court might have tried to ambush him during this process. If Fairy Zi Wei deduced the origins of the participating inkman Gu Immortals, knowing that they were from Inkman City, she might realize that Fang Yuan would go after Inkman City.


 In this case, even if Heavenly Court did nothing, as long as Fairy Zi Wei told this news to Longevity Heaven, they would also cause Fang Yuan great problems.


 But the lucky thing was, even after Fang Yuan obtained Inkman City, there had been no problems, it was smooth sailing.


 Fang Yuan’s main body quickly left while his time path clone stayed with Lang Ya land spirit.


 The Long Hair refinement path formation was currently operating.


 Lang Ya land spirit controlled it personally and reported to Fang Yuan’s clone: “In about a month’s time, the seal of Lang Ya’s origin core will be fully removed.”


 Fang Yuan nodded lightly, observing the formation.


 Every immortal aperture, be it blessed land or grotto-heaven, would have an immortal aperture origin core.


 The immortal aperture origin core was the foundation of the immortal aperture, the base of it all.


 Developing the immortal aperture, annexing other immortal apertures, it would strengthen one’s own immortal aperture origin core.


 When the immortal aperture origin core is damaged or drawn out, the painstakingly developed immortal aperture would reverse its progression, the space would shrink and the primeval energy would dwindle, lifeforms within would die en masse.


 The immortal aperture origin core was like a spirit spring, Gu Immortals were drawing immortal essence from the origin core itself.


 Lang Ya immortal aperture was once a rank eight grotto-heaven, the immortal aperture origin core was a milky-white lump.


 After Long Hair Ancestor died, Lang Ya heavenly spirit could barely resist the rank eight calamities and tribulations, after spending countless years, he found a solution.


 The heavenly spirit used a refinement path killer move to seal the Lang Ya origin core, its rank fell and became a red colored rank seven origin core.


 Lang Ya heavenly spirit thus became Lang Ya land spirit.


 But precisely so, the future calamities and tribulations that Lang Ya immortal aperture faced were at rank seven.


 Fang Yuan was rank eight now, but it was a fake rank eight. He had enough dao marks but his immortal aperture origin core was still the red origin core.


 Only after Lang Ya’s origin core gets unsealed and returns to being the milky-white rank eight origin core would Fang Yuan become a true rank eight Gu Immortal. After annexing and fusing with it, his immortal aperture would become a grotto-heaven, it would start producing white litchi immortal essence.


 This method of sealing the origin core and lowering the grade of the immortal aperture was extremely amazing, it had a huge significance!


 During normal times, most Gu Immortals would die from calamities and tribulations, Hu Immortal was one of such cases, she died from the blue charm lightning shadow calamity, leaving behind Hu Immortal blessed land.


 If one could use this method to lower their rank by one, the Gu Immortal would be able to deal with calamities and tribulations more easily, they can even accumulate dao marks and not fear that they cannot match the strength of the calamities and tribulations.


 Fang Yuan obtained this method, he liked it a lot, he praised Lang Ya land spirit about it for a long time.


 But Lang Ya land spirit told him instead: “I am just mimicking, my main body obtained this method from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, while Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable obtained this from Limitless Demon Venerable’s inheritance. This killer move was originally a rule path killer move, named ‘one step back’. Afterwards, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable modified it extensively, creating the space path killer move ‘sea and sky expands’. I am merely turning it into a refinement path version, it cannot be considered a modification or improvement, I am merely mimicking. Thus, I could not bring myself to give it a name, I fused the former two names together and called it — One Step Back, Sea and Sky Expands.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and sighed, to think that this method had such a long and impressive history.


 Immortal killer move — One Step Back, Sea and Sky Expands!


 Very evidently, this was a support move to manage the immortal aperture, it did not have any offensive power.


 But its value and worth was immeasurable! If this was leaked out, the entire Gu Immortal world would benefit, the number of Gu Immortals in this world would surge by many times, even tens of times!


 From this aspect, Fang Yuan could see the immense talent and strength of Limitless Demon Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 With this method, Limitless Demon Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could easily accumulate dao marks and pass tribulations without problems.


 This method broke the norm of the Gu Immortal cultivation world, it removed the Gu Immortal’s pressure from calamities and tribulations, they would not need to risk their lives, they could deal with this without any pressure.


 “This means that Limitless Demon Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could accumulate dao marks on par with rank nine before becoming venerable.” Fang Yuan said this sentence.


 But Lang Ya land spirit told him: “Master, you are underestimating the venerables. According to Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, when Limitless Demon Venerable was a Gu Master, he already had Gu Immortal level dao marks. When he reached rank six and became a Gu Immortal, he had peak rank eight Gu Immortal dao marks.”



***
Chapter 1767 - Rank Eight Water Refinement Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 1767 Rank Eight Water Refinement Immortal Gu


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed, continuing: “Every venerable is an invincible character, they had unthinkable talent and ability, they cannot be looked at with common sense. Underestimating them is our foolishness, it is an insult towards them!”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he thought about the battle in the previous life.


 Every venerable’s action could easily change the entire situation, overturning all of the Gu Immortals’ hard work in an instant.


 Even though Duke Long was so powerful, against a venerable method, he had absolutely no way to resolve it!


 “Purely in terms of dao marks, the difference between rank eight and nine is not that huge. But the truth is, the difference between rank eight and nine is as vast as heaven and earth, it can send someone into despair, this is simply because those are unique individuals.”


 “Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth. There are no invincible Gu worms or killer moves, there are only invincible people...”


 “Look at Limitless Demon Venerable, he had rank eight level dao marks when he was still rank six, when he reached rank nine, how many dao marks would he have?”


 Fang Yuan could not estimate it.


 Cultivation logic and common sense were not appropriate on venerables.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable could rebirth countless times, Limitless Demon Venerable had such shocking dao mark numbers, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plot affected heaven and earth, altering history...


 All these venerables were unfathomable.


 Or at least, for the current Fang Yuan, that was the case.


 In fact, in the battle of Lang Ya, Fang Yuan killed Thunder Ghost True Monarch and Chen Yi, he also stole Feng Jiu Ge’s Fixed Immortal Travel. But what was his greatest gain?


 It was that he had expended one of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s methods —


 Karma relocation!


 In the previous life, Chen Yi had relied on this move to defend Infallible blessed land until the end and stalled for a long time, it made Fang Yuan, Wu Yong, and Bing Sai Chuan lose their final opportunity to turn the situation around.


 “Even though I expended the killer move karma relocation in advance, who knows how many methods these venerables have left behind!”


 “Maybe due to the influence of my rebirth, even more venerable methods might be triggered.”


 “By just relying on my rebirth advantage, I will become stronger than my previous life through constant accumulation. But that is not assuring enough, who knows when a venerable’s method will be triggered at a crucial moment?”


 “To destroy fate Gu, I alone am not enough, I need to obtain some venerable methods to play safe.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


 A few days later.


 Southern Border, Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


 This was once Shadow Sect’s base, Fang Yuan had stayed here for some time. Afterwards, when Southern Border’s Gu Immortals attacked and besieged him, Fang Yuan self-detonated a large number of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, forming dream realms that stalled them while he escaped successfully.


 As a result, a large number of dream realms were left behind, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals chose to set up a formation here to observe and research on the dream realms.


 Fang Yuan came here silently.


 He used a refinement path killer move, a drizzle started on the formation around these Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 The formation activated to resist the rain.


 “Who is attacking us?”


 “Hmph, this formation is impenetrable!”


 “That’s right, nobody can even dream of breaking through.”


 The main Gu Immortals defending this place were Yang San Mu, Chi Qiu, and Xia Fan, they immediately became alert after the mysterious attack.


 Soon, they found Fang Yuan easily.


 He did not conceal himself, in fact, using this immortal killer move would cause his aura to surge and burst out, he could not hide it.


 Fang Yuan had only seen one person who could perfectly conceal his killer move’s aura, that was Wu Yong.


 However, Fang Yuan still used familiar face to change his appearance.


 If he used his true appearance, wouldn’t these defending Gu Immortals be scared to death?


 “It’s a rank seven Gu Immortal! We are not sure who, but he has Southern Border aura, he must be a secluded cultivator.” Within the formation, Xia Fan could not tell that it was Fang Yuan, he started to guess.


 By now, Lang Ya’s origin core had been completely unsealed, Fang Yuan annexed it and became a true rank eight Gu Immortal.


 But he purposely disguised his aura to be at rank seven.


 His familiar face killer move had been modified extensively during the final moments of the previous life, right now, none of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals could discover the truth.


 In order to prevent an expanding ink effect and to maintain his rebirth advantage, Fang Yuan still chose to do the same thing as in his previous life, he was still going to attack this defensive formation.


 At the same, he concealed his rank eight cultivation level, on one hand, he was guarding against Heavenly Court, on the other hand, he was luring out Southern Border’s Gu Immortals.


 According to his previous life’s memories, with this development, Southern Border would organize a group to pursue Fang Yuan. If he exposed his rank eight cultivation level, there would not be just one rank eight Gu Immortal, Xia Cha, coming after him.


 It was natural that Fang Yuan pretended to be weak!


 The drizzle soon turned into a heavier rain as it penetrated the formation.


 Within the formation, Chi Qiu’s expression changed: “What refinement path killer move is this? It can actually refine our formation! This cannot go on anymore.”


 Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, he obtained the Long Hair refinement path true inheritance and a large number of Immortal Gu.


 There were originally three rank eight Immortal Gu, they were Water Refinement, Forceful Refinement, and Advance Refinement.


 All three were refinement path Immortal Gu, when used alone, they had no offensive power, they were all support type.


 Among them, forceful refinement Immortal Gu could directly refine the Immortal Gu of others, it was the original core of the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, but Shadow Sect had stolen it back then. In that battle, rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus also got damaged, it had fallen to rank seven after that fight.


 Rank eight advance refinement Immortal Gu was the core of the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 As for rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu, it was hidden within the refinement water. All along, Lang Ya land spirit had been using this Gu and other supplementary Gu worms to form an immortal killer move to convert the refinement path and water path dao marks of Lang Ya blessed land into refinement water.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s plan was to accumulate the refinement water and after reaching a certain point, it would become the Refinement Sea!


 Refinement Sea was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, once it formed, it would replenish itself unceasingly.


 This was a grand plan, it consumed an immense amount of refinement path dao marks, wealth, time and energy.


 After Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, he wisely halted this plan, he took out the water refinement Immortal Gu within for his own use.


 The killer move that Fang Yuan was using now had rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu as the core. Fang Yuan used many Gu worms to suppress the rank eight aura, disguising it as rank seven.


 This was also part of his tactic to express weakness.


 “No worry, how can this rank seven killer move break our formation.” Chi Qiu said with a prideful tone.


 This formation was created by Chi clan, as a Chi clan Gu Immortal, Chi Qiu was very prideful, he had absolute confidence in his clan’s immortal formation.


 “Look, the formation activated, even without us interfering, it can deal with the enemy, this refinement path killer move will end up in failure.” Chi Qiu laughed.


 But soon, Chi Qiu’s smile vanished.


 The formation had already undergone several changes but no matter what, it could not deal with the refinement path killer move. The rain that was already heavy became a downpour.


 The downpour was unceasing, the formation was corroded to a large extent.


 There were Gu Immortal reports constantly, they had anxious tones and expressions, because a large number of mortal Gu were refined by the enemy in the rain.


 However, this formation could only work on its own at the early stages, unless there was no choice, Gu Immortals could not control it.


 This was the lesson that the Southern Border Gu Immortals learned from the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, to prevent outsiders like Fang Yuan from infiltrating and controlling the immortal formation, it was specially designed like this.


 Chi Qiu was helpless, he gritted his teeth and said with a look of disbelief: “How can this be? What kind of refinement path killer move is this, my clan’s formation is actually useless against it?!”


 Chi Qiu was simply dumbfounded.


 Normally speaking, refinement path did not have such a big advantage over formation path.


 But Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment was very high!


 And most importantly, he was very familiar with this defensive formation.


 Even though this formation had caused him a lot of trouble in the previous life, Fang Yuan had threatened and lured Chi Qu You into cooperating afterwards, Chi Qu You became the biggest traitor of Southern Border, he gave the information of this formation over to Fang Yuan.


 This pitiful Chi Qiu would never imagine that their formation was completely exposed to the enemy. And the traitor was actually their first supreme elder!


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, not to mention that Fang Yuan was using a rank eight killer move.


 Not long after, the Southern Border Gu Immortals in the formation became anxious as they started pacing around.


 “What do we do? What do we do! The enemy’s refinement speed is getting faster!”


 “Who is he? Possessing such a killer move, no wonder he attacked so confidently.”


 “Their Gu worm refinement speed is getting faster, we cannot keep up. At the final moment, even if we can control the formation, it will be too late.” Chi Qiu wiped the sweat off his forehead.


 “Formation path is useless indeed.” Xia Fan snorted coldly as Chi Qiu stared fiercely.


 Xia Fan did not care, looking at Yang San Mu and saying: “The urgent matter now is to send out Gu Immortals to fight, we will disrupt the enemy’s killer move so we can exchange Gu worms in the formation and repair it.”


 He was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he had the responsibility to come up with a tactic.


 Yang San Mu nodded, he was the leader, he had to stand up now: “Then I will go and deal with the enemy.”


 Even though Fang Yuan was mysterious, Yang San Mu had a lot of confidence in himself.


 He was a soul path Gu refinement, a renowned rank seven expert in Southern Border. Meanwhile, refinement path was skilled at refining Gu, it was weaker than other paths in other aspects.


 Xia Fan had a joyful expression: “With Brother Yang taking action personally, we will definitely kill the enemy and resolve this problem.”


 Yang San Mu glanced at him before flying out of the formation.


 He approached Fang Yuan: “Come fight!”


 “Ugh!” Yang San Mu ended in defeat.


 “How can he be this strong?” Yang San Mu was captured.


 A moment later, the formation was taken down by Fang Yuan, even though it had a transportation function, Fang Yuan had used a refinement path method to refine it, this method was destroyed from the start.


 None of the Gu Immortals guarding the formation escaped, Fang Yuan captured all of them.



***
Chapter 1768 - Chi Qu You’s Anger and Grief


***





 Chapter 1768 Chi Qu You“s Anger and Grief


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s defensive formation had been destroyed!


 Southern Border’s super forces soon noticed this fact.


 The righteous path was shaken!


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s dream realm was the largest congregation of dream realms other than Yi Tian Mountain in Southern Border.


 Any path had its own cultivation resources.


 Dream realms were evidently the unique resource for dream path, they contained the profundities of dream path within.


 Immortal Yi Yan’s ‘Prophecy of Three Venerables’ had been ingrained in everyone’s hearts. Gu Immortals knew about the future era, it was the era of dream path. Any super force paid huge attention to the dream realms, they were very careful in regards to guarding them.


 “Plunder Shadow formation was destroyed too rapidly, who is that culprit?”


 “According to the Gu Immortals’ information and our own investigation, there was only one enemy, and he was just a rank seven Gu Immortal.”


 “A rank seven Gu Immortal could take down this formation? And with such speed and power?”


 “This situation is really bizarre indeed, do you think it is that demon Fang Yuan?”


 “That’s unlikely? If it is Fang Yuan, why would he leave those dream realms in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench untouched? He has a method to turn them into bodies after all.”


 Different from the previous life, Fang Yuan did not keep the Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s dream realms, he purposely left them.


 This caused Southern Border’s righteous path to start guessing randomly, Fang Yuan’s identity was well concealed.


 At once, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were wondering who that Gu Immortal who attacked the formation was.


 Who had the guts to challenge Southern Border’s righteous path?


 Who had such methods to destroy a super immortal formation with ease?


 What was his purpose? Was he just trying to suppress Southern Border’s righteous path? He had enmity towards the righteous path? Or maybe... he had some gains in dream path, he was making use of the dream realms?


 Among all of the Southern Border righteous path forces, the most unhappy one was Chi clan’s first supreme elder — Chi Qu You.


 Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s immortal formation had a secret backdoor, Chi Qu You had left it behind. To prevent the dream realms from getting stolen, he had planned in advance to set that arrangement.


 When Fang Yuan attacked the formation, he rapidly sensed it, he hesitated on whether to use this backdoor or not.


 After all, he had done that sneakily, if he exposed it now, his reputation in Southern Border’s righteous path would be tarnished.


 By the time he sensed something wrong and wanted to use the backdoor, Fang Yuan’s refinement path killer move had already broken it.


 Chi Qu You felt gloomy and irritated!


 In the previous life, after Fang Yuan exposed his identity and could not destroy the formation in time, Chi Qu You made up his mind and transported himself into the formation secretly. 

 But in this life, Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, his strength was much higher now at the same time period, Chi Qu You did not have much time to react to this.


 The truth was, he had a chance but he hesitated, he did not make use of it.


 Of course, even if he used the backdoor to arrive before Fang Yuan, he would not be a problem.


 Soon, Chi Qu You’s irritation got worse.


 Out of nowhere, rumors started to spread.


 They said that the formation was so easily broken without giving the righteous path any time to send reinforcements because Chi clan had a traitor!


 Precisely because this traitor exposed the formation’s secret, the mysterious Gu Immortal could easily destroy it.


 “This is slander! These are baseless rumors! My Chi clan will definitely investigate properly, all these people will face our judgment!” Chi Qu You reacted quickly, he immediately made an announcement, displaying his stance.


 But the rumors spread even quicker, lots of different stories emerged, some were clearly fake news while others were quite reasonable, the righteous path Gu Immortals became quite suspicious.


 Chi Qu You was extremely angry, he had been feeling gloomy the last few days.


 These rumors were attacking him, his reputation that was built up over a long time was starting to fall rapidly.


 “How can my Chi clan divulge information? The mastermind behind this is truly vicious!” Chi Qu You stood up and made his point.


 He felt regret now.


 Had he known this, he would have taken the risk to transport himself over last time.


 “Even if that backdoor is exposed and I suffer criticism, I will at least be able to capture the mysterious culprit!” Chi Qu You was very confident in himself because he felt that the enemy was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Regarding this guess, other than the evidence present, Chi Qu You also had his own train of thought, if this was a rank eight, they could attack directly, why was there a need to hide themselves and act mysteriously?


 Some righteous path Gu Immortals consoled him and expressed their trust towards Chi clan.


 While some righteous path Gu Immortals, like the ones from Yang clan which had always been opposing Chi clan, had much worse tones.


 “It is not that hard to believe that it was an inside job.”


 “Our Yang clan had terrible losses! Yang San Mu is a rank seven expert! He lost too quickly, that was not normal. Evidently, someone leaked his information.”


 There were even Yang clan Gu Immortals blaming Chi Qu You directly: “Since Lord Chi Qu You is claiming innocence now, how do you explain why the leaked contents of the immortal formation are all accurate?”


 Chi Qu You had nothing to say, he was also troubled over this.


 However, he had to speak righteously and keep a firm attitude: “There is no need to explain this! The formation’s details are not just known by my Chi clan. In terms of suspicion, any super clan involved in this has a possibility of being a traitor.”


 Admitting that Chi clan had a traitor was too damaging to their reputation, Chi Qu You swore to himself that he would never admit it no matter what!


 “If a traitor really appears, I will pull out their tendons and rip their skin, I will crush every bone in their body!” Chi Qu You cursed.


 He hated the mysterious enemy but he also held huge grudges towards Chi clan’s possible traitor!


 The laughable thing was, Chi clan really had a traitor, it was himself!


 Of course, that was the previous life’s matter.


 Even Chi Qu You had no idea this would happen.


 In other words, his circumstances were all caused by himself.


 But no matter how Chi Qu You defended himself or pushed his stand, rumors about Chi clan continued to spread and intensify.


 “Looking at this situation, it seems that other than the enemy who attacked, the other Southern Border forces are also adding fuel to the fire. Yang clan is definitely involved.”


 Chi Qu You was very angry, even with his rank eight cultivation level and formation path great grandmaster attainment, he was without options in this situation.


 In the rules of the righteous path, cultivation level was not everything.


 “There is only one way now, I need to find the instigator!”


 “That’s right, as long as I can capture them and unveil the truth, I can get the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path to shut up!”


 Chi Qu You almost wanted to shout: “Return my innocence, return my reputation!”


 But if he really found the culprit, who knows what expression or idea he would have.



***
Chapter 1769 - Variant Human Race Inheritances


***





 Chapter 1769 Variant Human Race Inheritances


 Chi Qu You was so old but he had to manage Chi clan’s affairs tirelessly. For the great era, he even had to work hard to nurture his lacking inheritor.


 The truth was, Chi Qu You did not have it easy at all, and these rumors were still trying to defame him!


 Chi Qu You was very angry and upset, he gritted his teeth as he waited for Fang Yuan to appear again.


 As the culprit, Fang Yuan had been living peacefully these last days, he had a very fulfilling time.


 He was managing his immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture was the foundation of a Gu Immortal, if the immortal aperture management was poor, no matter how strong a Gu Immortal was, they would achieve nothing much.


 Lang Ya blessed land had completely integrated into the sovereign immortal aperture, after its origin core was unsealed, Fang Yuan quickly annexed it.


 Fang Yuan let Lang Ya land spirit do the work of changing the variant human Gu Immortals’ alliance agreement. The new alliance agreement was strict and had strong binding terms, it ensured that Fang Yuan had the supreme authority and status, all of the variant human Gu Immortals were his subordinates and vassals.


 There was a rule, all of the variant humans will contribute their immortal apertures into the sovereign immortal aperture after they die.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s grotto-heaven gained many new blessed lands. These blessed lands belonged to the unlucky variant humans who had died at Chen Yi’s hands during the battle of Lang Ya blessed land.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked at this but Lang Ya land spirit had great prestige, along with Sixth Hair’s cooperation, they quickly accepted the fact.


 The other variant human Gu Immortals were unwilling to do so but with Fang Yuan’s strength, they could not resist, they could only accept it.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was an old schemer, his political manipulation was not worse than Wu Yong.


 He also set a rule for himself in the alliance agreement, he would fully nurture the variant humans without any discrimination. When the alliance agreement became effective, he gave these variant human Gu Immortals a lot of benefits immediately.


 In fact, he even secretly sent a portion of the variant human Gu Immortals to the stone lotus island secretly, they were able to enjoy the effects of future self and gain greater knowledge.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were extremely shocked, they realized now that Fang Yuan was actually backed by the most mysterious venerable in history, Red Lotus Demon Venerable!


 As a result, they lost all thoughts of betrayal!


 Of course, Xue Er, Bing Zhuo and others were not given the chance to use future self. According to the ink effect, Fang Yuan had already killed them in the previous life, they did not exist in the lower stream of the River of Time, they had no future.


 It was easy to deceive them, Fang Yuan said that the stone lotus island had a limit, future self killer move needed time to accumulate and recover.


 The alliance agreement stated that they needed to be honest with Fang Yuan, but he could choose to keep secrets from them after all.


 Of course, this was not fair.


 But with Fang Yuan’s use of the carrot and stick, these variant human Gu Immortals could only lower their heads and accept their fate.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan indeed wanted to nurture these variant humans.


 There were several points.


 Firstly, the more variant humans there were, the more lifespan Gu would be produced, while Fang Yuan had no concerns about this now, he could start preparing early.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan was starting an attempt to comprehend human path. The more humans or variant humans he raised, the more helpful it would be towards his human path comprehension.


 And thirdly, the racial inheritances of the variant humans.


 Back then, when the human Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables emerged, suppressing all ten variant human races and slaughtering them, the variant humans had little hope towards the future, it was full of despair. The variant humans realized that this was bad, all of them worked together to create their racial inheritances that contained the most valuable possessions of their own race, hiding them for their future generations, to leave hope for the future.


 According to the understanding of the variant humans, fate Gu was part of the Heavenly Dao, it took away surpluses while replenishing deficits, they acknowledged that there was the decree ‘humanity is supreme’, but this decree would not last forever, right!


 The variant humans were not wrong in this regard, but they had not expected Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to be so brazen as to become one with the Dao.


 This resulted in the long lasting rule of humanity, the variant humans were stunned, they were suppressed until now.


 But this was advantageous to Fang Yuan too.


 According to the information that Lang Ya land spirit had:


 When the number of variant human mortals and Gu Immortals reach a certain number, their racial inheritances would appear to them, it would help them grow and develop.


 In history, the variant humans had never risen up, so these racial inheritances were mostly preserved.


 According to Lang Ya land spirit’s guess, the racial inheritance of hairy men was the Infallible inheritance!


 Infallible blessed land was at Hairy Foot Mountain, even though Heavenly Court found it, they had great difficulty in trying to obtain it. The Heavenly Court which had immense foundation and geniuses were simply without options against Infallible blessed land.


 Eventually, they relied on human path methods to try and extract a part of Infallible blessed land’s wealth. But no Heavenly Court Gu Immortal had actually managed to enter this secluded blessed land. Nobody knew what the inside of Infallible blessed land looked like.


 In the previous life, even though Fang Yuan destroyed Hairy Foot Mountain, Infallible blessed land was still intact.


 All these reasons showed how profound and special Infallible blessed land was, this proved that the variant human racial inheritances were extremely extraordinary and mysterious.


 This was also why Fang Yuan had not gone to Hairy Foot Mountain yet even though he had Fixed Immortal Travel and its modified killer move.


 According to his previous life’s memories, at this point in time, Heavenly Court had not set up the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation at Hairy Foot Mountain.


 Despite this, even if Fang Yuan tried to launch a sneak attack using Fixed Immortal Travel, he could not do anything to Infallible blessed land.


 “Heavenly Court seems to have found a way to destroy Infallible blessed land, but I do not have any for now.”


 “Even if I do, would Fairy Zi Wei not guard against that? Sneak attacking it is simply too risky!”


 After thinking about it deeply, Fang Yuan gave up on attacking Hairy Foot Mountain.


 This idea was too risky, it underestimated his enemy’s intelligence, it also went against Fang Yuan’s vigilant nature.


 After annexing Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan’s gains were huge.


 Let alone anything else, he benefited the most from information.


 The variant human racial inheritances were the most obvious example.


 Lang Ya blessed land had simply too long of a history, it had existed for over three hundred thousand years.


 How long had it been since Fang Yuan became immortal? Even with the five hundred years of his previous life, he had not reached six hundred years.


 Lang Ya land spirit knew a lot of historical secrets, before being annexed, he would not tell Fang Yuan everything, but now, he kept no secrets to himself.


 Several days later.


 Southern Border, above contact heart river bank.


 Jade green light flickered weakly, before green bubbles started to appear.


 Rank seven killer move aura quickly spread and permeated to the surroundings.


 “This aura?” It was a rank six Gu Immortal from Chi clan who defended contact heart river bank, he controlled the formation as he sensed a killer move aura.


 Before he acted, these jade green bubbles popped on their own.


 Each popping bubble gave off a thick green light, it spread like flowing water.


 A large number of bubbles vanished, in their place was a thick lump of jade green light.


 The green jade light was extremely bright, it gave off a radiance that could not be looked at intently.


 The strong light appeared and faded just as quickly, when the green light vanished entirely, a person appeared in the sky.


 He wore a green robe, his complexion was as clear as jade, his nose was tall and he was handsome to the point of looking like a peerless beauty. His skin was white as snow, his eyes were dark like the abyss, he had long luscious blackhair that resembled a waterfall, hanging straight down to his waist.


 The rank six Gu Immortal from Chi clan defending this place saw the person’s appearance and his mouth opened wide, his heart was pounding as he felt a chill, his body broke out in cold sweat: “Fang, Fang Yuan?!”


 Ever since Fang Yuan escaped from Thunder Ghost True Monarch and sold her three rib bones in treasure yellow heaven, his reputation surpassed Feng Jiu Ge, he was publicly recognized as the number one rank seven expert, he had the power to fight rank eight!


 After the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court lost. Even though Fairy Zi Wei concealed Chen Yi’s and Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s deaths, she took responsibility and announced the failure of Heavenly Court to invade Lang Ya blessed land to the public.


 Feng Jiu Ge was pursued by Fang Yuan, half of his Immortal Gu were stolen, she had placed the video of this in treasure yellow heaven.


 Thus, everyone knew now that Fang Yuan not only had rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, he even annexed Lang Ya blessed land and possibly had a method to steal Immortal Gu!


 After defeating Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan’s reputation stabilized and even improved, he was a common topic among countless Gu Immortals.


 Chi clan’s rank six Gu Immortal saw the great demon Fang Yuan appear, why would he dare to stay any longer?


 “Faster, faster, faster!” He activated the formation, teleporting away for his dear life.


 Fang Yuan was still savoring the immortal killer move he used earlier — Jade Flow Pearl.


 This killer move used rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel as the core and almost all of Fang Yuan’s current space path Immortal Gu, a few refinement path Immortal Gu, and a lot of supplementary mortal Gu to construct.


 Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land and became rank eight, his dao marks increased immensely, just the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel alone could not teleport him. Only by creating a killer move and increasing its power could he barely be moved.


 In the previous life, he had also created a space path killer move with Fixed Immortal Travel as the core to transport him, when having rank eight cultivation level.


 But jade flow pearl was different from the previous life’s killer move.


 The previous life’s Fixed Immortal Travel killer move was a space path killer move, while this current move was a compound killer move of space path and refinement path.


 One of the reasons was that the Fixed Immortal Travel killer move in his previous life was created after Fang Yuan extorted Southern Border’s righteous path and obtained many specific space path rank seven Immortal Gu. But now, he had not ambushed Xia Cha yet, not to mention the rest of Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Fang Yuan’s space path Immortal Gu mostly came from Lang Ya blessed land’s inventory now, most were rank six and they were not very compatible.


 Thus, Fang Yuan used refinement path Immortal Gu to modify the killer move intensively.


 With the power of refinement path, Fang Yuan’s refinement path dao marks were no longer a burden to the teleportation.


 This was the advantage of compound killer moves.


 But compound killer moves were much harder to deduce, Fang Yuan could deduce it quickly because he had quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level and the light of wisdom.


 Fang Yuan put away the thoughts in his mind for now as he looked down.


 For a range of hundreds of li, there were mountains and forests. But below him, there was a flat land that was about half a square kilometer large, it was covered in smoke and fog.


 Fang Yuan pointed as dragons flew out, roaring with a grand and fierce aura.


 It was immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon! 

 Fang Yuan refined myriad self Immortal Gu successfully, it took very little time to activate myriad dragon now.


 The myriad dragons rushed into the fog and smoke, easily destroying the defensive method below.


 Similar to the previous life, the defending Chi clan Gu Immortal had already escaped.


 Fang Yuan smiled, this was within his expectations, he had purposely exposed his identity for this.


 In the previous life, he had learned about the cowardice of this Chi clan Gu Immortal, this time around, he achieved a great effect by doing the same action.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had to expose his identity regardless.


 Because he used Fixed Immortal Travel, and also because of the killer moves he was using, there was no use in trying to conceal his identity.



***
Chapter 1770 - Chi Qu You Convinces Himself


***





 Chapter 1770 Chi Qu You Convinces Himself


 A shallow deep blue lake surrounded by silent verdant mountains. Around the lake were pure white round rocks, they stacked at the river bank.


 This was a mid sized resource point of Southern Border’s Chi clan— contact heart river bank.


 Fang Yuan placed all the Gu worms he obtained into his immortal aperture.


 There were more than three thousand rank five contact heart Gu, fifty thousand rank four, and over a million were rank three and below.


 Next, he used strength path Immortal Gu Pulling Water.


 Similar to the previous life, Pulling Water was currently rank six.


 After a moment, the river water was pulled up like silk by a formless force, before being moved into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 This contact heart river bank was a special area filled with wisdom path dao marks, there were earth path, water path, wood path, and other dao marks as foundation, but they paled in quantity compared to wisdom path.


 Fang Yuan took away the water which had dense wisdom path dao marks, but most of it remained in the surrounding soil.


 Fang Yuan was without options regarding this.


 He lacked methods to pull up the ground, this was not mortal soil and it required at least peak rank seven earth path methods. One had to overcome the wisdom path dao marks in the soil first.


 And the method had to be delicate, it could not destroy the wisdom path dao marks in the soil.


 If the wisdom path dao marks were destroyed, the value of the soil would drop. This was like smearing a world class painting, it would have no value remaining.


 Specific methods were required to plunder and move resources in the outside world, but destroying them was easier.


 It was like Heavenly Court’s attempt to gain Infallible blessed land. Heavenly Court had a method to destroy Infallible blessed land, but to extract its success dao marks, they had to spend a lot of effort and use human path methods, the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention expended a lot of time and effort.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance in plundering contact heart river bank soon reached Chi Qu You.


 Chi Qu You was still slightly hopeful at first: “Is the information true?”


 Soon, his hopes were completely crushed.


 Because there was an immortal killer move resembling Fixed Immortal Travel as well as Fang Yuan’s signature myriad dragon killer move, those were concrete evidence.


 “Why did this Fang Yuan appear at contact heart river bank?” Chi Qu You’s eyes twitched: “Does he need a large number of contact heart Gu?”


 Even though Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level, he was not just a normal rank seven, he could fight rank eight, he was unique!


 Chi Qu You thought about the video in treasure yellow heaven: “Now that Fang Yuan has re-obtained rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, and also apparently has a method to steal Immortal Gu, if he tries to find trouble with my Chi clan, it would be a problem.”


 Chi Qu You sighed internally.


 He had to admit, Fang Yuan was a huge problem!


 Fixed Immortal Travel allowed him to travel with ease, only specific methods could restrict him.


 Fang Yuan also had rank eight battle strength, most of Chi clan’s Gu Immortals could not fight him, Chi Qu You himself or a rank seven Immortal Gu House was needed. That way, even as a super force, Chi clan only had limited resources to deal with him.


 “As for the theft path method, it should not be Fang Yuan’s own ability.”


 “Right now, Fang Yuan has not shown any method in this aspect, while Long Hair Ancestor had refined Gu with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable back then. Lang Ya blessed land has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, Fang Yuan could resist Heavenly Court because he made use of Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation.”


 “Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, he would still need some time before he can master this Thieving Heaven true inheritance.”


 Chi Qu You evaluated.


 He felt that he was really unlucky recently, Fang Yuan had actually targeted his Chi clan out of all the clans.


 Wasn’t this bad luck?


 Even though Fang Yuan gave Chi Qu You a huge headache, he had to counterattack.


 Chi clan’s benefits, their righteous path status, and the pride of a rank eight Gu Immortal, these reasons forced him to go and defeat Fang Yuan quickly.


 Chi Qu You led the expedition personally, controlling Great Space Temple and traveling towards contact heart river bank as soon as possible.


 The formation was destroyed, it was a ravaged sight, everything was in ruins.


 A vast number of Gu worms were gone, contact heart river bank had lost all vitality.


 The river water was also gone, it had completely dried up, it was truly a sad sight.


 Even the rocks around the bank were missing, Fang Yuan took literally everything from this place!


 Chi Qu You had an ashen expression, the other Chi clan Gu Immortals started scolding Fang Yuan and cursing his eighteen generations of ancestors.


 “This demon is too daring!”


 “This is a mid size resource point of our clan, now that it is plundered, it might not recover even after a few years of time.”


 “Sigh... there is no point in cursing Fang Yuan’s eighteen generations of ancestors, he is an otherworldly demon, he killed all of his ancestors in this world with his own two hands.”


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals gradually stopped scolding as they frowned at this terrible situation.


 Contact heart river bank was destroyed but its foundation remained, Fang Yuan could not bring the soil here with him.


 But the problem was Fang Yuan himself!


 He was still alive, would he show up again? Would he target Chi clan again?


 Chi clan did not understand even at this point, why did Fang Yuan choose contact heart river bank?


 “Wait, earlier, the mysterious Gu Immortal who attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and destroyed the formation, was it Fang Yuan?” Someone suggested.


 “Hmm, it is very likely. They are both rank seven Gu Immortals with extraordinary battle strength. Fang Yuan also had high formation path attainment, he can definitely destroy both formations. Furthermore, he annexed Lang Ya blessed land and has refinement path Immortal Gu now, didn’t that mysterious Gu Immortal use refinement path methods?”


 “But if that mysterious Gu Immortal is Fang Yuan, why would he conceal his own appearance when attacking Plunder Shadow Earth Trench? This time when attacking our clan’s contact heart river bank, he chose to expose his own identity?”


 Many of Chi clan’s Gu Immortals turned their heads in suspicion.


 They simply could not understand why.


 Firstly, there was no evidence that linked the mysterious Gu Immortal to Fang Yuan directly. Secondly, Fang Yuan’s motive in attacking contact heart river bank was unknown, nobody knew what he was up to.


 “First supreme elder, what do we do now?” Chi clan’s Gu Immortals did not have any answers, they asked Chi Qu You.


 Chi Qu You’s expression eased, he had been screaming internally long ago, he also wanted to know what Fang Yuan was planning!


 By the time they arrived, Fang Yuan was gone already.


 Chi Qu You was in a really awkward and passive situation.


 But on the surface, he had to maintain the dignity of Chi clan’s leader: “Don’t panic, investigate the scene and search for evidence. Even if Fang Yuan escapes now, our Chi clan will remember this, he will pay us back a hundredfold in the future.”


 “Yes, lord.” Chi clan’s Gu Immortals answered.


 The huge Great Space Temple floated in mid air, not concealing its aura as it displayed Chi clan’s authority in full view.


 A while later, all the Gu Immortals returned with a look of embarrassment.


 Fang Yuan had done a good job in cleaning up the scene, no clues of value were left.


 Even if they had clues, could they deduce anything about him?


 Chi Qu You bore no hope himself, even Heavenly Court failed to deal with Fang Yuan. Chi clan specialized in formation path, they were weak in information path and wisdom path aspects.


 “If our Chi clan wants to regain reputation, we will need to spend a lot on information and clues, before hiring a wisdom path great expert to deduce him. After that, we need to set an ambush, go after Fang Yuan and fight him...”


 “Sigh.” Chi Qu You sighed internally.


 Thinking about the process, he felt a little dejected.


 The price and risks were too high while the gains were minimal.


 Only rank eight Gu Immortals that were wisdom path or information path great experts could handle Fang Yuan. People like that would require a huge amount before they would help Chi clan with this matter.


 And after finding Fang Yuan, Chi clan would need to fight him, it was questionable if they could actually kill him!


 Thunder Ghost True Monarch went after Fang Yuan and got three of her rib bones sold in treasure yellow heaven. Heavenly Court wanted to invade Lang Ya blessed land and it ended up being annexed by him, Feng Jiu Ge’s Immortal Gu were even stolen by Fang Yuan, while Fairy Zi Wei had to openly announce that they lost the battle.


 What did Chi clan have?


 Yes, it was a super force, but could it compare to Heavenly Court?


 Even Heavenly Court had no options against Fang Yuan, even though Fairy Zi Wei hated him to the core, so what?


 “Even though Fang Yuan is a single person, he cultivates many paths, he has no clear weaknesses. He is a cunning and crafty person, he is ruthless and devious, even Wu Yong was toyed around by him. Earlier, even when Southern Border’s righteous path went after him, he still escaped. I want to go after him with just Chi clan? Hehe.”


 Chi Qu You felt very angry but also helpless and sad.


 Fang Yuan had grown too quickly, Chi Qu You felt extremely deep wariness towards him.


 “Even though Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level, he is more troublesome than most rank eight Gu Immortals. Ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals cultivate one path, they do not have deep wisdom path attainment or Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 “If Fang Yuan can stop now and not go after Chi clan’s resources, I should let this go.”


 Chi Qu You sighed in his heart.


 He had decided to give up.


 Contact heart river bank was destroyed but its foundation remained, it could still be developed.


 Or rather, in arrogant terms, it was just a mid sized resource point, Chi clan could afford to lose it!


 “Of course, on the surface, we need to be very angry and upset, we will speak righteously and create a commotion, we cannot ruin the reputation of Chi clan.”


 “But secretly, I need to restrain my Gu Immortals and keep on guard, we will mainly cultivate and maintain our resources.”


 “If during this period, Fang Yuan targets the resources of other clans, that would be great!”


 A moment later, Chi Qu You made up his mind, he convinced himself on this plan.


 Making a rank eight Gu Immortal lower his head alongside his super force, it was not easy!


 But Chi Qu You was a wise leader, he knew the big picture. There was no benefit in challenging this demon, if Chi clan mobilized everyone, he could give Fang Yuan huge problems indeed, he could even threaten his life.


 But Chi clan would pay an immense price, it would be too much to handle!


 If this situation happened in Northern Plains, the entire tribe might be riled up, they would attack directly without thinking!


 But in Southern Border... isn’t it better to live calmly and peacefully?


 Even if they lose a mid sized resource point, Chi clan still has others, and even countless small sized, large sized, and giant resource points.


 They could live very well.


 They might lose some reputation but their foundation would be unaffected.


 The nail that sticks out gets hammered down. If Chi clan went after Fang Yuan with full force and went down with him in flames, the other super forces would benefit and take the advantage, what would they do then?


 Chi Qu You let out a breath of air, he wanted to vent out all of his anger and frustrations.


 Soon, he calmed down.


 “Report—! Fang Yuan has appeared at our clan’s cloud bamboo mountain range, he destroyed the formation and our two Gu Immortals could not resist him, right now, Fang Yuan is scavenging for all sorts of resources, among which is a newly formed wild wood path Immortal Gu!”


 Chi Qu You heard this and his expression froze.


 His heart that had just calmed down instantly became filled with overwhelming rage.


 “Fang Yuan, screw your entire lineage of ancestors!”



***
Chapter 1771 - Mature Bamboo Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 1771 Mature Bamboo Immortal Gu


 Cloud bamboo mountain range.


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, an immortal level enslavement path killer move was shot out everywhere.


 Pew pew pew!


 Cloud foxes and other creatures struggled intensely, they had a painful expression as they growled. But soon, their resistance weakened as they stopped moving, they stayed on the spot and lowered their heads as they became Fang Yuan’s enslaved beasts.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, the cloud foxes went inside obediently.


 Not just the cloud foxes, even other lifeforms could not escape from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range was a huge large sized resource point, it was filled with dense dao marks, it was normal for desolate beasts and plants to grow here, even ancient desolate beasts could grow.


 Fang Yuan quickly scavenged the area, with his previous life’s memories, he clearly recalled the location of these desolate beasts and plants.


 Soon, he obtained seven desolate beast cloud foxes, a total of eleven desolate plants of three species, cloud qi root, white hair root, and spear tip bamboo. The thing that made Fang Yuan the happiest was the quantity of a rank seven immortal material, cloud soil, it was huge.


 “I have a lot of time left!” Fang Yuan calculated his time.


 In the previous life, he had spent a lot of time just getting these resources. But now, because it was his second time, he obtained everything rapidly and efficiently, he saved a lot of time.


 “In the previous life, I only searched through briefly, this mountain range has a lot of untouched places.”


 Fang Yuan explored the foreign area and soon found a desolate beast cloud fox.


 He was about to use an enslavement path killer move to suppress it when Lang Ya land spirit’s voice resounded from the immortal aperture: “Master, I have already obtained the name of this new wood path Immortal Gu, it is a rank six Immortal Gu known as Mature Bamboo!”


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, undeniably, mature bamboo Immortal Gu was the greatest treasure on this cloud bamboo mountain range.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan was obstructed by cloud bamboo mountain range’s formation, he could not make it in time. The two Chi clan Gu Immortals defending this place were resolute, while escaping, they destroyed the newly formed wild Immortal Gu.


 But now, Fang Yuan noticed this and targeted the formation’s weakness immediately, destroying it and gaining control over that newly formed wild Immortal Gu.


 The two Chi clan Gu Immortals were stunned, the formation was destroyed too quickly!


 This formation could block Fang Yuan for a while in the previous life, but it was fixed and since Fang Yuan already destroyed it once, he understood its concept, he could easily destroy it this time.


 After getting it for a while, the wild Immortal Gu that was newly formed was refined by him on the spot.


 Immortal Gu Mature Bamboo, it was the size of an average person’s thumb. It was long and flat, at the tip of its head was a cylinder that covered its entire head, its eyes were in a hemispherical shape.


 Fang Yuan played with it in his hand, its body and wings were very soft, it had six armor plates on its stomach, its tail glowed with a dim green light.


 All in all, this mature bamboo Immortal Gu was a firefly that shined with green light.


 “Not bad, this Immortal Gu is useful to me.” Fang Yuan had a joyful expression.


 Fang Yuan killed Chen Yi and obtained his soul, he had been soul searching.


 Chen Yi was the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, in his youth, he had obtained a Genesis Lotus true inheritance — Karma Divine Tree. During the battle in Lang Ya blessed land, he obtained another Genesis Lotus true inheritance — Karma Relocation.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had two Genesis Lotus true inheritances now!


 But the foundation of karma relocation was karma divine tree.


 The core Immortal Gu of these two killer moves, other than the two rule path Immortal Gu Cause and Effect, were some wood path Gu.


 Chen Yi died, his phantom aperture vanished, he had already destroyed all his Gu worms, Fang Yuan had to collect these Gu worms if he wanted to cultivate the Genesis Lotus true inheritances.


 The mortal Gu were simple, but Immortal Gu needed preparation.


 Mature bamboo Immortal Gu was a wood path Gu suitable for his Genesis Lotus true inheritance cultivation.


 By the time Chi Qu You arrived at cloud bamboo mountain range using Great Space Temple, Fang Yuan was already gone!


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals looked at cloud bamboo mountain range in a daze.


 Many people opened their eyes widely, showing deep disbelief: “It is completely barren, this is cloud bamboo mountain range? What happened to our flourishing cloud bamboo mountain range?”


 An old Gu Immortal almost coughed blood as he said shakily: “I had once stayed here to develop the mountain range, I spent so much effort but this thief Fang Yuan took it all! Fang Yuan, you demon, I will never let you off!”


 Someone thought about it and said solemnly: “We planted normal cloud bamboos here on a huge scale, only specific wood path methods can extract them so quickly. Fang Yuan came totally prepared!”


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan lacked wood path methods, eventually, a vast amount of ordinary cloud bamboos were left on the mountain, he could only take the desolate plants.


 But this time, with the advantage of rebirth, he came amply prepared.


 Fang Yuan had purposely designed a wood path immortal killer move to collect the cloud bamboos!


 His wood path attainment level was not high but with the light of wisdom, he could still create a rank six killer move targeting mortal materials very easily.


 He annexed Lang Ya blessed land, he obtained several wood path Immortal Gu, they were all useful in this regard.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a huge inventory, the white haired land spirit had governed the blessed land for hundreds of thousands of years, he had several Immortal Gu of each mainstream path. They were not a complementary group, the land spirit had refined them in preparation for any refinement path research problems.


 Fang Yuan had once borrowed wood sprout Immortal Gu to use the killer move light fungus radiance.


 Chi Qu You’s expression was completely dark, his fists were tightly clenched under his sleeves.


 “Fang Yuan...” He gritted his teeth, his illusions were shattered.


 Fang Yuan was targeting Chi clan!


 But Chi Qu You could not understand why Fang Yuan was targeting him and Chi clan.


 When they pursued him back when he was weak, everyone in Southern Border’s righteous path was involved. Wu Yong was the person with the deepest enmity with him, why didn’t he attack them? If he thought Wu clan was too strong, he could bully the weaker ones like Qiao clan.


 Chi clan was not weak, it was upper tier even among Southern Border’s righteous path!


 Who did they offend, why was he doing this?


 What did they do wrong, couldn’t he tell them?


 Couldn’t he just talk nicely?


 Communication was the key to human relationships!


 These types of people were the worst! Attacking without warning, destroying and plundering without making a single sound!


 Why did he do that? He was a true scumbag!


 Not just Chi Qu You, all the other Chi clan Gu Immortals felt very upset and wronged.


 “Fang Yuan is clearly targeting us, he has made ample preparations. The question is, what is he after?”


 “We need to know this, this is the first obstacle for us in dealing with Fang Yuan.” Chi Qu You thought about it, he said.


 He gave up on his previous mentality, he decided to deal with Fang Yuan with all his strength.


 If they did not do anything, Chi Qu You would not be able to account to the clan.


 Demonic path Gu Immortals often traveled alone, but the righteous path had to maintain a force, one could not live freely by one’s own intentions. Chi Qu You, for example, even though he was rank eight, he had his bloodline descendants to take care of.


 And cloud bamboo mountain range was not just a large resource point for Chi clan.


 Back when Chi clan was still in its infancy period, Chi clan’s ancestors had scrimped and saved when they were weak to slowly develop it.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range had provided a stable source of income for Chi clan’s development.


 Cloud bamboo mountain range was the glorious history of Chi clan, it was a form of mental encouragement to Chi clan’s members.


 Fang Yuan plundered cloud bamboo mountain range, he was trampling on the pride and history of Chi clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Right at this moment, Chi Qu You and the rest received requests for reinforcements from Chi clan’s Gu Immortals again.


 “Report—! Fang Yuan has appeared at Wind Flame Mountain, he is currently using the killer move myriad dragon to attack the formation.”


 “Report—! Fang Yuan has appeared outside ragged cave, he was obstructed by the formation and has mysteriously vanished.”


 Different from earlier, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared at two locations.


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals were very shocked and suspicious, how could there be two Fang Yuan?


 “One is a fake and one is his true body?”


 “Or maybe it is Fang Yuan’s clone? That’s possible too.”


 “No, according to the timing, Fang Yuan first appeared at ragged cave before he used Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive at Wind Flame Mountain.” Chi Qu You analyzed calmly.


 “That means Fang Yuan is still at Wind Flame Mountain? We need to reinforce it immediately!”


 “But why did he teleport to ragged cave then? Isn’t that unnecessary?”


 “Maybe he felt that ragged cave’s defensive formation was too strong so he chose the easier Wind Flame Mountain?”


 “No, these are both giant resource points, their defensive formation are equally strong, there is no weaker one.” Chi Qu You thought about it before a thought flashed in his mind.


 He said plainly: “Split up and help them.”


 “That is the only way! If the giant resource point is looted by Fang Yuan too, our Chi clan will lose too much.”


 “But is this Fang Yuan’s scheme, he wants to divert us away?”


 “Fang Yuan’s current strength is far beyond the time when he chased after all. Even someone like Feng Jiu Ge lost so terribly to him...”


 Chi clan’s Gu Immortals were hesitant, they were very wary towards Fang Yuan.


 “Should we seek reinforcements?” Suddenly, a Gu Immortal asked.


 The whole of Great Space Temple sank into silence.


 This was something that most of the Gu Immortals were thinking, but did not dare to say.


 Amidst the silence, the immortals looked towards Chi Qu You.


 Chi Qu You had a dark expression as he shouted: “He is just a rank seven Gu Immortal! Our clan has only lost two resource points and you are all frantic already, you want to seek outside reinforcements? We cannot afford to lose our reputation like this! Did anyone die? Are we only left with the old and weak? Seeking reinforcements without even fighting against Fang Yuan once? Where is your courage? Where is your bravery? Where are your pride and glory as Chi clan members?”


 The immortals lowered their heads in silence, they took Chi Qu You’s fierce scolding.


 After Chi Qu You scolded them, he gave orders: “Do as I say! I am going to Wind Flame Mountain now, you all will travel in Great Space Temple and go to help ragged cave. Act quickly and do not panic, the defensive formation of a giant resource point is not so fragile. Keep in touch at all times!”


 “Yes, lord!”


 Nobody disagreed with his order.


 With their current location, Wind Flame Mountain was closer while ragged cave was further. Thus, the space path Immortal Gu House Great Space Temple would go to ragged cave while Chi Qu You, who was slower, would go to help Wind Flame Mountain.



***
Chapter 1772 - Done In By Himself


***





 Chapter 1772 Done In By Himself


 Chi Qu You went to Wind Flame Mountain at full speed, when he arrived, he saw that Fang Yuan had already destroyed half the formation.


 Fang Yuan was currently uprooting the sunset parasol trees, he stole the countless birds within the parasol forest, including the fire phoenixes, with incredible efficiency!


 The Gu Immortal defending this place had not left, he was attacking Fang Yuan fiercely using the remaining formation.


 Fang Yuan was able to deal with it easily.


 He dealt with the formation while looting resources continuously.


 “Stop!” Chi Qu You shouted with startled anger.


 “First supreme elder, you are finally here!” The rank seven Gu Immortal defending this place was extremely agitated, he was overcome with tears.


 He was at first confident in regards to the defensive formation, but after a while, Fang Yuan easily broke it, he was incredibly scared and desperate, he did not dare to act rashly. Before Chi Qu You came, he had been defending himself, now that the supreme elder was here, he attacked with some flashy methods.


 As Chi Qu You had finally arrived, Fang Yuan stopped his actions.


 “Fang Yuan, what a great job you’ve done! Retribution is here!” Chi Qu You’s eyes were spewing fire.


 Wind Flame Mountain was quite a special resource point.


 Other than raising phoenixes, at a certain timing each year, many wild phoenixes would come here and lay eggs. If something happened to Wind Flame Mountain, the wild phoenixes might choose other locations, Chi clan would suffer great losses.


 But Fang Yuan was smiling throughout.


 Compared to the previous life, Chi Qu You was more angry because Fang Yuan’s efficient looting meant that Chi clan suffered even greater losses, Chi Qu You felt pained from this.


 “Senior Chi Qu You, I have been waiting for you, this is my move!” Fang Yuan said as he activated yama battlefield.


 Chi Qu You hesitated for a moment but did not dodge, he allowed yama battlefield to envelop him as he said: “Let me see what you’re made of!”


 Yama battlefield formed quickly, a huge yellow-brown lump enveloped both Fang Yuan and Chi Qu You.


 Next, yama battlefield shrunk rapidly, condensing from a yellow-brown lump into a tiny spot, it was like an immortal aperture that was placed outside, vanishing entirely without a trace.


 “An amazing soul path battlefield.” Chi Qu You praised.


 Chi Qu You’s arms were behind his back as he stood calmly, his attitude had changed tremendously, even though he was trapped in yama battlefield, he did not try to forcefully deduce it, he looked very much at ease.


 He was wary internally, to think that Fang Yuan even had a battlefield killer move, there was no information about this at all.


 At this point in time, different from the previous life, Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield was not exposed.


 Last time, he used yama battlefield to trap Feng Jiu Ge, not only did he expose this method, Fairy Zi Wei deduced and broke it successfully.


 After the battle in Lang Ya blessed land, Fairy Zi Wei even exposed the profundities of yama battlefield and the method to break it in treasure yellow heaven openly, causing Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield to lose its value in battle, the risk of using it was much higher.


 And in this life, even though Fang Yuan used yama battlefield multiple times, his targets were Meng Tu, Sleeping Lady, and the diamond head turtle, they were either killed or captured. Against Feng Jiu Ge, he used the super formation space and could not activate yama battlefield. Thus, this method was kept a secret until now.


 Now that Fang Yuan used it, it was finally known to the outside world.


 Fang Yuan was not going to kill Chi Qu You, information about yama battlefield was definitely going to spread.


 Of course, it was not that Fang Yuan could not kill Chi Qu You, but the risks were too high and the reward was minimal. This was the same reason for Chi Qu You, who did not want to face Fang Yuan earlier.


 When two tigers fought, one was definitely going to be injured.


 Fang Yuan stood at the end of the other side of the battlefield as he assessed Chi Qu You, smiling: “Lord Chi Qu You, you are inside my immortal battlefield now, why are you not attempting to retaliate, instead, you look like you want to talk? Why is that so?”


 Chi Qu You snorted coldly: “Stop pretending!”


 “Fang Yuan, you went around plundering for the sake of gaining my attention.”


 “Thinking about it, since you could easily break the defensive formation, why did you not take the lives of my Chi clan’s Gu Immortals? This is not hard to achieve, but you did not think of killing a single one of them.”


 “Furthermore, be it contact heart river bank, cloud bamboo mountain range, or Wind Flame Mountain, even though you looted them clean, you left their foundation behind untouched.”


 “Both Great Space Temple and I went out at the same time, that was part of your plan. Seeing that we were together, you attacked Wind Flame Mountain and ragged cave at the same time, so that we would have to split up.”


 “You were merely finding a chance to talk with me, but did not have any special method to do so.”


 “Tell me, what is it that you want.”


 Chi Qu You spoke calmly, before splitting up, he had already guessed Fang Yuan’s intention, all that anger and hatred was just an act.


 Chi Qu You’s analysis was mostly right.


 In the previous life, when Plunder Shadow Earth Trench was still around, Chi Qu You defended it for some time, only after Fang Yuan attacked Wind Flame Mountain did he show up.


 This time, Fang Yuan took down Plunder Shadow Earth Trench in advance, but because Chi Qu You and Great Space Temple were together, it was quite troublesome.


 Great Space Temple was a space path Immortal Gu House, it countered immortal battlefields. Fang Yuan had fought against it in his previous life, even great thief ghost hand was unable to counter it.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to talk to Chi Qu You, the best way was to avoid this house and find a chance to lure Chi Qu You out alone.


 This was not hard for Fang Yuan. With his deep wisdom path attainment, he could easily achieve his target with some adjustment in thinking.


 But Chi Qu You was wrong about one thing.


 Fang Yuan did not leave behind the foundation of the resource points on purpose, but because he had no way of taking them.


 Chi Qu You had misunderstood it.


 Of course, Fang Yuan would not correct him.


 “Clap clap.” Fang Yuan started to clap: “It is so easy talking to a smart person. Senior Chi Qu You, take a look at this.”


 Chi Qu You’s eyes flickered with uncertainty, he carefully received the information path mortal Gu that Fang Yuan tossed out.


 He seemed at ease now but he was very alert in his mind. Even though Fang Yuan had ‘rank seven’ cultivation level, Chi Qu You knew how devious this lad was, he was crafty and ruthless, he needed to be guarded against, one could not relax around him.


 But soon, Chi Qu You’s expression changed.


 He started to frown, a cold light flashed in his eyes as his expression turned dark.


 The information path mortal Gu that Fang Yuan gave him included the details of Chi clan’s defensive formations, as well as Fang Yuan’s conjectures and methods of breaking them. Among which was Wind Flame Mountain’s formation, Fang Yuan understood it very well. With his understanding, he could easily destroy the defensive formation and take all of the resources within, but he did not do that.


 From this point, Chi Qu You could see Fang Yuan’s ‘sincerity’, it confirmed his guesses while also showing that Fang Yuan had shocking formation path attainment!


 And the thing that ruined his mood was the latter part of this information path mortal Gu.


 These contents were very detailed about Chi clan’s information, Chi Qu You felt a chill in his heart.


 This was not something he could get from a little investigation, a lot of time was needed to accumulate such a rich pool of information.


 And in this information, the emphasis on Chi clan’s internal problem, the fact that Chi Qu You had no successor, was the main issue!


 This made Chi Qu You’s expression change, he was deeply shocked!


 Because the information was just too detailed, very clearly, someone in Southern Border was helping Fang Yuan, secretly providing this.


 Who was it?


 Demonic path Gu Immortals were very unlikely, they were loners and did not have much of a grudge with Chi clan, there was no need to observe Chi clan and waste their own cultivation time.


 “Other than those predatory righteous path forces, who else can it be?”


 Chi Qu You was filled with shock and rage, Yang clan soon became his biggest suspicion!


 Chi Qu You felt deep anger!


 If a certain Southern Border righteous path super force was secretly helping Fang Yuan, this situation would become much more passive for him.


 “Very likely, my Chi clan has no traitor, it is these vicious righteous path clans that are trying to attack my Chi clan using this sharp blade!”


 “These idiots, these fools, these traitors, they are the biggest parasites of Southern Border’s righteous path!”


 Chi Qu You’s anger was like an erupting volcano, the lava was spewing out endlessly.


 He was already restraining himself, if Fang Yuan was not here, he might be shaking intensely.


 Fang Yuan laughed secretly.


 He observed carefully and assessed Chi Qu You’s current mood and thoughts, he had a general idea.


 This information that he gave out needed a lot of manpower and resources to obtain over a long time.


 The truth was, there was no Southern Border righteous path clan helping him, he had obtained the information from the Southern Border immortals when he captured them in the previous life.


 Fang Yuan was definitely going to use this hidden card well!


 As he had expected, once he used this card, the effect was immediately. Chi Qu You’s expression turned dark, his calm attitude was no more.


 “I’m sure that right now, Chi Qu You must hate these Southern Border righteous path clans much more than me.”


 “That is only natural. Throughout history, almost all organizations would hate traitors the most!”


 “But the truth is, this was merely one of my gains from the previous life. And I was able to capture those Southern Border immortals because of the dream realms that Chi Qu You had provided to me, the culprit was really just Chi Qu You himself.”


 Chi Qu You’s expression was very ugly, he was emitting an intense air of tragedy.


 He was done in by himself, but he could not sense it.


 Fang Yuan spoke again: “Lord Chi Qu You has been famous for a long time, you have governed Chi clan for so long, you must be sure of the value of this information. The force that gave this information to me is not just underestimating me, they are also underestimating you, Lord Chi Qu You.”


 Chi Qu You heard this, he had a thought: “It seems that Fang Yuan does not like being made use of.”


 Unknowingly, he did not hate Fang Yuan that much anymore.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Now, do you believe in my sincerity?”


 Chi Qu You thought about Chi clan’s losses, he felt pained, he squinted as he sneered at Fang Yuan: “Hehe, does that mean I should thank you for holding back?”


 Fang Yuan smiled.



***
Chapter 1773 - Fang Yuan’s Epiphany


***





 Chapter 1773 Fang Yuan“s Epiphany


 Within yama battlefield, two immortals stood on opposite sides.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “We have limited time, I will say this directly, I want to make a transaction with Chi clan, are you interested in my dream path research results?”


 Chi Qu You was slightly stunned before his cold and icy gaze changed slightly.


 “Dream path? Did I hear wrongly?” A flash of excitement flickered in Chi Qu You’s eyes for a moment.


 Fang Yuan’s dream path research results were not a secret by now.


 When he disguised as Wu Yi Hai, his goal was the dream realm. Fang Yuan had methods to turn dream realms into people, he had used it back in the battle over the dream realms, many super forces were extremely envious of his method.


 Fang Yuan had Spring Autumn Cicada, he had been reborn from the future which had a flourishing dream path, it was not strange that he had some dream path mysteries.


 One could say, Fang Yuan’s dream path research results were at the peak of the five regions, far ahead of this world.


 “The mysteries of dream realms and the depth of dream path, I have only made slight progress in it. What if I told senior that my formation path attainment level was obtained from the dream realm, what do you think?” Fang Yuan smiled as he spoke casually, it was like a huge rock that splashed into Chi Qu You’s heart, creating a huge commotion.


 “Oh? Is that true?!” Chi Qu You was moved, he could not hold his cool anymore.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he had meticulously crafted this conversation to lower Chi Qu You’s aggression, at this point, he had complete control over the flow of the conversation.


 This was different from the previous life.


 Fang Yuan tossed out an information path Gu worm: “Senior, take a look.”


 Chi Qu You received it and his gaze flickered, he unconsciously grasped the information path mortal Gu in his hand, as if afraid that it would fly off.


 The information path mortal Gu had all sorts of details regarding dream path mysteries, it was incredibly attractive! Chi Qu You was completely drawn into it, he quickly finished looking through.


 Chi Qu You licked his lips, he felt that his throat had gotten dry after this short while.


 He was incredibly moved.


 Chi Qu You forced himself to stay calm as he purposely asked: “What transaction do you want?”


 “I want dream realms, give me dream realms and I’ll give you the dream path research results of the future.”


 Chi Qu You did not agree instantly, he said: “This is difficult, almost all of Southern Border’s dream realms are being guarded by the righteous path super forces.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Senior Chi, I want the dream realms on Yi Tian Mountain. Even though the formations there have changed, you are the person in charge. I also know that there are many hidden backdoors, it will be easy for your clan to steal some dream realms without any problems.”


 Chi Qu You heard this, his expression changed again.


 Fang Yuan understood the situation so clearly! It was really terrifying!


 The backdoors at Yi Tian Mountain’s formation were Chi Qu You’s proud creation. He had created them under the eyes of all the Southern Border forces, he was bullying their lack of formation path expertise, these backdoors were set up in secret.


 “I thought I deceived everyone, but to think that Fang Yuan saw through it.”


 “Hmm, maybe not just Fang Yuan... sigh, I have underestimated the geniuses of this world.”


 Chi Qu You was overthinking it.


 Fang Yuan’s information was obtained in his previous life, it was given to him by Chi Qu You himself.


 Fang Yuan used Chi Qu You’s information against him, it was really useful. Otherwise, why would there be the saying: your biggest enemy is often yourself?


 Fang Yuan continued to pressure Chi Qu You as he lost his resistance.


 Every negotiation was a battle, even though it was not as straightforward as fighting, it was still a contest of strength in terms of wits and tactics.


 Compared to the previous life, Fang Yuan had too much advantage, he was stronger now because of his information, he knew his opponent well, his tactic of putting up a front was incredibly effective. Even a person like Chi Qu You had fallen victim to it.


 The transaction was quickly negotiated, it was very advantageous to Fang Yuan in the end.


 Chi Qu You agreed to the transaction, but for his status, this was ‘humiliating’.


 But there was no choice, Fang Yuan had a strong hold over him.


 Firstly, he could not do anything to Fang Yuan, even if he tried to deal with him, the risks were too high, the gains were marginal.


 Secondly, if he worked with Fang Yuan, he would stop plundering Chi clan, they would even gain some dream path research results, this was too attractive to Chi Qu You.


 Finally, Chi Qu You was still worried about the so-called traitors in Southern Border’s righteous path, he wanted to find these traitors. He might be able to find them through Fang Yuan.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.


 A mountain was empty and bare, it had no vegetation and stood proudly on the ground. Around it, the ground was not flat, there were some contours but the inclination was limited, there were just some small mounds. Because of these mounds, this empty mountain looked even larger in perspective.


 Right now, at the peak of this empty mountain, a rank six rockman Gu Immortal stood as he looked up at the sky.


 “After becoming a grotto-heaven, this immortal aperture truly became different from a blessed land!”


 “It is so grand and magnificent! The size of this sovereign immortal aperture is beyond logical, it is unimaginably big, worthy of the miracle created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!!”


 Every time Shi Shi Cheng looked at this place, he would sigh internally.


 This was majestic, this was a miracle, this was simply a divine construct!


 He was completely awed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he had no thoughts of resisting Fang Yuan at all.


 Behind him was a group of rockman Gu Masters, they were talking among themselves.


 “After spending more than ten days, we have finally constructed this mountain!”


 “I am so tired, we had to work from early in the morning to late at night every day.”


 “I heard that the creation of this mountain was a mission given by that supreme being.”


 “In order to complete it quickly, we paid a huge price and activated Gu worms continuously, at least thirty earth path Gu worms died in the process...”


 “Speaking of which, don’t you feel that refining Gu here has a high chance of success?”


 “Sigh, there will be rewards when we complete the sect missions. I hope that the supreme Gu Immortal would give us some valuable rewards.”


 “Quiet! Do you think you are qualified to discuss matters regarding that great lord?” The rockman Gu Immortal could not take it anymore, he scolded.


 These rockman Gu Masters quickly lowered their heads, becoming silent from fear.


 At this time, green light flickered as a figure descended from the sky, floating in the air.


 The rockman Gu Masters looked up, it was Fang Yuan’s rank six time path clone. Everyone’s hearts jumped as they quickly knelt down, paying their respects.


 “This subordinate greets lord!” Shi Shi Cheng quickly greeted with a humble attitude.


 Fang Yuan’s clone had a plain expression, he nodded and asked: “Has the formation been completed?”


 Fang Yuan’s mission was not just to create an artificial mountain, they had to set up an immortal formation in the interior of the mountain.


 Shi Shi Cheng quickly reported: “Lord, I have already set up this fire path formation according to the formation chart you provided, you just need to activate it now.”


 Fang Yuan had already used his divine sense to penetrate the mountain, he was already looking into it.


 He nodded, he was quite satisfied with the set up of this formation, he was about to get these rockmen to leave, but he saw that Shi Shi Cheng wanted to speak, although he did not dare to.


 Shi Shi Cheng had rank six cultivation level but he had once fought against Fang Yuan, his immortal battlefield grey cloud rock puppet left Fang Yuan a deep impression, he was quite talented.


 After moving the rockmen, Fang Yuan sent the rockman Gu Immortals to the stone lotus island to familiarize themselves with future self. Meanwhile, Shi Shi Cheng stayed behind, he was the leader of the rockman tribe, similar to Xue Er and Mo Tan Sang in their own tribes.


 “You have something to say to me?” Fang Yuan’s clone stopped as he asked, he had some patience towards this talented person.


 Shi Shi Cheng blinked as his expression turned uneasy, he made up his mind as he said: “I heard that lord has been on the offensive and gained great victories, the Southern Border righteous path is extremely fearful now. Even that Chi clan first supreme elder Chi Qu You was helpless against you, he could only watch as you left freely...”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with bright light, he was such a shrewd person, how could he not understand Shi Shi Cheng’s words, he interrupted: “Your tribe’s Gu Immortals want me to stop and live peacefully, there is no need to take such risks, am I right?”


 “Oh, I beg for forgiveness!” Shi Shi Cheng bowed deeply, he had an expression of fear: “This was my own bold idea, the supreme elders are all cultivating at the stone lotus island, they are unaware.”


 Fang Yuan’s clone sneered internally.


 The rockmen had different ideas to him, they wanted to live in peace and develop slowly and stably, they hated risks. They would love nothing more than for Fang Yuan to hide in a cave and cultivate for a century or a millennium.


 They did not want Fang Yuan to take risks, because if he died, the sovereign immortal aperture would be exposed, they would all be implicated.


 But how could this be possible?


 Fang Yuan pursued eternal life, this was only possible after destroying fate Gu. If Heavenly Court fully repaired fate Gu, they would not let him off, they would find him one day and kill him.


 Hiding and stalling would only lead to despair, only during the final Central Continent Refinement Path Convention would Central Continent be attacked by all four regions, when Heavenly Court is at its weakest, he would have a chance of success if he acted.


 The variant humans’ wish would not come true. Not only that, they would have to fight for Fang Yuan in the future. They were already tied to him now, they could not isolate themselves.


 Shi Shi Cheng’s words was actually the idea of many variant human Gu Immortals, they used Shi Shi Cheng to suggest it instead of saying it themselves, it was a way to keep themselves safe.


 It was a mature political tactic.


 Fang Yuan did not reject nor agree to anything, he waved his hand: “Bring the elites of the tribe and leave this mountain.”


 “Yes.”


 Seeing that Shi Shi Cheng had taken some distance, Fang Yuan’s clone started to activate the mountain’s formation.


 Instantly, the formation became a furnace, intense heat was emitted from it. This heat quickly charred in the interior of the mountain, creating waves of molten magma.


 A moment later, with an explosion, the top of the mountain erupted, smoke rose into the sky as gushes of lava flowed down the mountain, the temperature rose sharply.


 The rockman Gu Masters watched from afar, they gasped, this method of changing the natural environment and creating a volcano out of nothing was truly stunning.


 Even Shi Shi Cheng was deeply moved, his formation path attainment was low, at this point, he finally realized the use of the formation that he set up.


 But the more shocking thing happened next.


 A huge hand appeared in the sky over the mountain, it was as large as the mountain as the five fingers spread out, scattering countless trees onto the volcano.


 These trees were covered in a flowing light, they landed softly and planted into the lava itself.


 The terrifying lava was quickly absorbed by the roots as the trees took in all the nutrients, soon, branches extended as leaves grew, they gave out the beautiful light of the setting sun.


 These were sunset parasol trees!


 A moment later, more hands flew out as they scattered fire phoenixes all over the volcano!


 One by one, the fire phoenixes landed on the top of the volcano, they were quickly suppressed and sealed by the formation.


 The entire process was overlooked by Fang Yuan’s clone, no unexpected mishaps occurred.


 Shi Shi Cheng opened his mouth wide, he looked at this scene with a dumbfounded expression.


 Even though he knew that Fang Yuan had advanced to rank eight, it was not as shocking as witnessing this himself.


 There were ancient desolate beasts among these fire phoenixes, just a single one could slaughter Shi Shi Cheng without any problem.


 Finally, Fang Yuan’s clone left behind a large number of fire path birds of all types, there was a huge variety of them.


 “From now onwards, this will be known as Fire Bird Mountain, it is your rockman tribe’s resource point.” Fang Yuan’s clone flew towards Shi Shi Cheng.


 This was a huge surprise!


 Shi Shi Cheng quickly knelt down and thanked him, he was very excited.


 Fang Yuan’s clone smile: “Get up, I said before that I would help all of you. This mid sized resource point is my reward to you for your hard work of creating the mountain.”


 “This subordinate is ashamed.” Shi Shi Cheng was incredibly thankful, compared to this Fire Bird Mountain, the hard work that they had put in was truly insignificant.


 The Gu worms used to create the formation of this Fire Bird Mountain, the formation chart used, and all the resources provided had all come from Fang Yuan, this was akin to his gift to them.


 Fang Yuan’s clone added: “I will continue to give you missions in the future, Fire Bird Mountain is not the final one.”


 Shi Shi Cheng was dazed, there was deep meaning in Fang Yuan’s words.


 Where did the fire phoenixes and sunset parasol trees come from?


 He had plundered them.


 Fang Yuan said that Fire Bird Mountain was not the final one, he meant that he would continue to plunder and take risks!


 The variant human Gu Immortals gave Fang Yuan very subtle advice, Fang Yuan’s rejection was also very subtle, but if one looked into it, they could see how domineering and intimidating Fang Yuan’s response was.


 Shi Shi Cheng did not dare to contradict him, he even felt a little joy after receiving this gift.


 “With this Fire Bird Mountain, my rockman tribe can finally rise up!”


 “How can Lord Fang Yuan be someone that is so easily convinced and shaken?”


 “That is not my problem, Lord Fang Yuan has given me the task of leading the tribe, these resources are also my cultivation resources! As long as I do not go overboard, I can definitely cultivate rapidly and raise my cultivation level.” Shi Shi Cheng had a heated gaze.


 Any Gu Immortal would treasure and feel deep desire towards their own battle strength under the pressure of the calamities and tribulations.


 Due to Fang Yuan’s political tactic, Shi Shi Cheng had already been separated from the other rockman Gu Immortals.


 The rockmen were suitable for managing Fire Bird Mountain, the temperature of the earth around the volcano was hot, it was a good place for rockmen to sleep in.


 Of course, eggmen were the most suitable for managing volcanoes.


 But currently, Fang Yuan had no intention of bringing in eggmen. It was sufficient to develop these variant human groups now.


 Shi Shi Cheng’s words gave Fang Yuan quite some insight.


 “Different from my previous life, this time around, I took in many variant human tribes, I need to nurture and strengthen them, I also need to divert some attention and resources to them.”


 Fang Yuan could use enslavement path methods to subdue all these variant human tribes, but in that case, he would lose any chance of nurturing them as it is.


 “I want to comprehend human path, it is not like enslavement path, everybody has their own thoughts and desires. To maintain an organization, I will need to consider the thoughts and emotions of the members in this organization. There are no two completely identical individuals, no matter how similar, people are different in their own ways... Hmm?”


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought.


 A flash of inspiration sparked in his mind like lightning, brightening his entire mind.


 It was the epiphany of human path!


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan understood a certain point, he had a complex expression: “Human path... so that’s it, I had a human path killer move all along...”


 At this moment, his human path attainment level rose to master.


 Human path master!



***
Chapter 1774 - Eerie Light Under Her Eyes


***





 Chapter 1774 Eerie Light Under Her Eyes


 Southern Border.


 On a nameless mountain, there was the noise of a waterfall as mist spread out widely.


 At the cliff of the waterfall, Fang Yuan’s main body sat on a pine tree branch as he thought deeply.


 The human path inspiration came abruptly, Fang Yuan placed great importance on it, his main body and clone stopped what they were doing and thought about it together.


 At this moment, inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 An army had formed.


 There were a hundred thousand strength path phantoms, they stood on the grassland unmoving, like solid statues.


 They all had the same faces, they resembled Fang Yuan’s main body, they stood in an orderly formation with the same distance between each one.


 This was Fang Yuan’s myriad self army created from using myriad self Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan grasped onto that inspiration as he stopped myriad self Immortal Gu, activating myriad self killer move instead.


 In a while, a larger number of strength path phantoms formed again.


 Fang Yuan thought about it before using myriad self killer move for a third time. But this time, he did not use the immortal level killer move, but the original mortal killer move instead.


 Rank four all-out effort Gu as the core, with the supplementary bitter strength Gu, borrow strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, refine essence spirit Gu, earth strength Gu, water strength Gu, wind strength Gu, lightning strength Gu, fire strength Gu, lurking soul coat Gu, breath concealment Gu.


 Eventually creating the killer move myriad self, splitting the main body’s soul into a grand army of strength path phantoms!


 But because it was a mortal killer move, these strength path phantoms were far inferior to the previous phantom army.


 But this was the origin.


 Back then, during the Northern Plains Imperial Court contest, Fang Yuan combined six arm heavenly zombie king and self strength, using soul path, wisdom path, qi path, and enslavement path killer moves as reference, solving the age old question of combining enslavement and strength, creating this move.


 Next, using the foundation of this move, he developed strength path giant hand and reverse flow protection seal. The former gave Fang Yuan a new offensive method at the appropriate timing and was his strongest method for some time. The latter was the crucial trump card to Fang Yuan’s ability to fight rank eight as a rank seven!


 Be they myriad self, strength path giant hand, or reverse flow protection seal, they were very exceptional, they were top tier even among top tier killer moves.


 Right now, Fang Yuan gained some human path inspiration, he traced its source and modified the original version of the mortal killer move myriad self once again.


 Fang Yuan’s main body and clone deduced together, at the same time, his clone was bathed in the light of wisdom!


 The killer move soon became modified, Fang Yuan activated myriad self for the fourth time.


 This time, he created a strength path phantom army again, but different from the first three, even though this army was standing quietly, the individuals had various expressions of all sorts.


 Some were crying, some were laughing, some were frowning, some were smiling, some had killing intent, some were expressionless, some were resting with their eyes shut, some had peaceful expressions, some had darting eyes, curious about everything around them, while some were sighing and grunting, looking extremely bored...


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense swept through these phantoms, countless thoughts sparked in his mind like lightning.


 After a while, Fang Yuan and his clone abandoned these phantom armies, activating wisdom path methods to deduce once more.


 This deduction took six hours.


 After succeeding the deduction, Fang Yuan obtained an extremely complex mortal myriad self killer move that was many times the size of the original in terms of Gu worms.


 He activated this killer move.


 Because this killer move had too many Gu worms, the arrangements were too complex, even as a rank eight Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan only succeeded after a long while.


 This time, the myriad self phantoms were far fewer in numbers than the original three versions, but they all had individuality in them.


 Some of these myriad self phantoms were running, jumping, sitting and thinking, playing around, some were even angry and furious, attacking the surrounding myriad self phantoms and creating huge chaos.


 The chaos among the myriad self phantoms grew rapidly, after a while, these myriad self phantoms were all engaged in a huge brawl. Even though some did not want to participate, they had no choice.


 These myriad self phantoms did not have the same strength, some were stronger, some were weaker.


 Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he found that in this chaotic battle, the myriad self phantoms who won became stronger, while those who lost became weaker, or even got destroyed.


 The myriad self phantoms fell in numbers rapidly, soon, less than ten phantoms were still fighting intensely.


 Eventually, only one phantom stood on the battlefield, all the rest of the phantoms were destroyed.


 This phantom was tens of times stronger than before, but it was still at the mortal level.


 The phantom looked identical to Fang Yuan, but it was filled with anger and hatred. It roared at Fang Yuan’s time path clone showing deep killing intent and animosity, but it did not dare to attack, it charged towards the previous few groups of myriad self phantoms.


 These myriad self phantoms stood quietly and without orders from Fang Yuan, they did not move, they allowed the angry phantom to attack them.


 After slaughtering them all, this angry phantom’s aura grew time and again, it broke the limits of the mortal level and reached the level of a rank six Gu Immortal!


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan’s main body and clone both showed joy on their faces.


 Fang Yuan’s clone waved, the remaining myriad self army moved like a tide, surrounding the angry phantom and fighting it to the death.


 The angry phantom had outstanding strength, even though it was encircled, it continued to fight without fear.


 With every phantom it destroyed, it grew a little stronger.


 It did not know fatigue, it was like a fighting machine that kept growing, it growled and roared, continuing to stand on the battlefield.


 Eventually, after it broke through from rank six to seven, Fang Yuan’s main body finally moved, activating a killer move and personally killing this strength path phantom.


 This fourth myriad self killer move that Fang Yuan used created very unique strength path phantoms that had their own thoughts and personalities, even his main body could not control them.


 And amazingly, all of them had terrifying potential for growth!


 The angry phantom started out at rank four level, but it eventually grew to reach the level of a rank seven Gu Immortal!


 Of course, only its aura and level broke through.


 Its own battle strength was not too high, it was even weaker than ordinary ancient desolate beasts.


 Because its body was phantom, it was not as sturdy as an ancient desolate beast. It was also limited in intelligence, it could not use Gu worms to fight, it only had battle instinct.


 “Be it myriad self Immortal Gu or myriad self killer move, they both expend my soul, this is the basis of the killer move, it is a flaw that cannot be avoided.”


 “Precisely because these strength path phantoms originate from the same source, the souls can merge, they are able to get stronger by devouring each other.”


 “The final myriad self killer move that I activated is no longer just the convergence of enslavement and strength, it has progressed to become a human path killer move!”


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was bathed in the light of wisdom all along, its eyes flickered with uncertainty and bright light.


 At this point, the killer move myriad self had become a true human path killer move, while myriad self Immortal Gu was confirmed to be a human path Immortal Gu.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had felt regret that he lacked a human path method or foundation when attacking Central Continent.


 The truth was, he had one all along but because he had too many issues going on and things to consider, he did not notice it during the battle.


 This was like the poem: The mountain resembles a range when you look from the front, it resembles a peak when you look at it sideways. The mountain shows different features at different angles near and far. You cannot see the real Lushan Mountain, because you are on the mountain yourself.


 His exploration in human path had started in the five hundred years of his previous life, but he had no awareness in this aspect.


 “A person’s life is their exploration towards human path itself.”


 “Other than myriad self Immortal Gu, I also have another human path Immortal Gu. That is — perseverance Gu!”


 “Wait, not just perseverance Gu, the sovereign immortal fetus Gu that I stole is also a human path Gu worm!!”


 Looking at u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e, hope Gu, vanity Gu, guts Gu, stubborn Gu, pride Gu, self Gu, suffering Gu... weren’t all these human path Gu worms?


 “No wonder u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e is known as the human path true inheritance, it truly contains the deep profundities of human path within it.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart, at this point, he could finally read u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e with a proper level of understanding.


 Fang Yuan had reached this conclusion after living for nearly six hundred years!


 His human path inspiration was not obtained from nurturing the variant humans, it was the crucial qualitative breakthrough that he gained after accumulating sufficient life experiences.


 It was like a small pile of gunpowder that was lit by a spark, an intense explosion with a loud sound was set off, Fang Yuan surpassed his original limits and reached a new level in human path.


 This was his growth after deep accumulation, progress was very smooth.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 In Central Great Hall.


 The dense purple aura calmed down slowly, before it completely retracted back into Fairy Zi Wei’s mind.


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned lightly: “What is this demon Fang Yuan plotting now?”


 In the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court lost terribly, Fairy Zi Wei took the responsibility personally, she rapidly divulged the information regarding Fang Yuan for free.


 But currently, Fang Yuan was very strange, he had not taken any action.


 Normally speaking, with star cast exposed and the deaths of Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, Fang Yuan would definitely spread news of it everywhere to attack Heavenly Court’s prestige, to make the other four regions more antagonistic towards Heavenly Court.


 But Fang Yuan did not do that.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a sense of unease all along, these last days, she had been paying close attention to Fang Yuan’s movements, even if a slight incident occurred, she would deduce it with her full strength.


 Fairy Zi Wei already knew about Fang Yuan’s actions in Southern Border.


 But why did Fang Yuan target Chi clan? What motive did he have, was he really just going after those three resource points of Chi clan?


 Earlier, the formation in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench got destroyed, was that mysterious Gu Immortal Fang Yuan?


 “Or maybe, he wants to refine Gu now after annexing Lang Ya blessed land and gaining a huge foundation.”


 “Or maybe, he has already used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he is using his rebirth knowledge to obtain all of his potential advantages now!”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with uncertainty.


 After Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada got exposed, his enemies would all consider it when they thought about his actions.


 Fairy Zi Wei had been paying attention to this all along.


 “Once Fang Yuan rebirths, Spring Autumn Cicada would need a lot of time to recover, that would be the best time to kill him.”


 “At the same time, all the methods that I used already will be known to Fang Yuan, I will need to change my battle tactics.”


 It was crucial whether Fang Yuan had already used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth or not!


 If he did, Fairy Zi Wei would need to stop all her original plans and start from scratch.


 However, even though Fairy Zi Wei deduced with her full strength, even after using Star Constellation Chessboard, she could not confirm if Fang Yuan had been reborn or not.


 Fang Yuan destroyed the formation in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench but did not take the dream realms. He was very secretive when dealing with Meng Tu and the rest. Even for great thief ghost hand, Fang Yuan did not use it openly, he used the super formation to conceal it, Heavenly Court could not link him to Suan Bu Jin.


 His smoke bomb was just too brilliant, he had successfully confused Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was a huge help in this aspect.


 This rebirth was very different from the previous ones, against the strong enemy Heavenly Court, he had to consider the ink effect at all times.


 “Fang Yuan is crafty and shrewd, he has left too little valuable information for us!”


 Fairy Zi Wei thought about it angrily, she turned around and left the Central Great Hall, arriving at the place she held Spectral Soul captive.


 Soul search!


 Spectral Soul resisted for a while before relenting as waves of memories were extracted.


 “The secret of golden dragonfish rearing?” Fairy Zi Wei was first joyful before becoming disappointed.


 If it were before, Fairy Zi Wei would be very happy about targeting Fang Yuan’s main source of income, but now that he obtained Lang Ya blessed land, all of its businesses were taken over by him.


 This method that Fairy Zi Wei obtained was not very useful.


 “Even so... I cannot give up on this chance to suppress Fang Yuan.” Fairy Zi Wei thought about it as she gritted her teeth and made her decision.


 But unknown to her, while she was thinking, in the depths of her eyes, a dark eerie light flashed for an instant.



***
Chapter 1775 - Developing Green Ghost Deser


***





 Chapter 1775 Developing Green Ghost Deser


 On this night in Southern Border, the starry sky was dim, intense winds were blowing, a storm was about to start.


 Two Gu Immortals flew rapidly while hiding their traces, the thick dark clouds providing them an additional layer of concealment.


 “It is here.” While moving, one of the Gu Immortals spoke.


 The other immediately stopped.


 Next, at the center of the dark clouds, an immortal battlefield opened slowly, absorbing the two Gu Immortals before it closed rapidly.


 The two Gu Immortals entered the immortal battlefield and removed their disguise, they returned to their normal appearance.


 The one with lower cultivation level had an ordinary appearance, but the other was a rank eight Gu Immortal with great authority and reputation, it was the famous Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You!


 If other righteous path Gu Immortals saw this, they would stare in disbelief and shout in shock.


 The great Chi Qu You was actually sneaking around in the darkness, who was he meeting?


 “Senior Chi Qu You, we meet again.” The Gu Immortal defending the immortal battlefield had dream path aura and an ordinary appearance, he was the type that would be indistinguishable in a crowd.


 Chi Qu You looked at him and said in displeasure: “Fang Yuan, I thought your main body would come. Hehe, aren’t you being too careful?”


 Fang Yuan was the one waiting for Chi Qu You, and this battlefield was yama battlefield.


 But Fang Yuan did not come in his main body, this was a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body that he created.


 Fang Yuan’s clone smiled: “I am cowardly and afraid of death, please do understand me, Senior Chi Qu You.”


 “Cowardly and afraid of death?” Chi Qu You’s eyebrows were raised, he thought of the three rib bones belonging to Thunder Ghost True Monarch that were sold in treasure yellow heaven, and the time when Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai, and also the recent losses that he incurred from Fang Yuan’s plundering.


 He smiled and said mockingly: “Fang Yuan, you are too humble. I’ve brought the thing that you want, let’s not waste time in case mishaps occur, let’s do the transaction.”


 This place was close to Yi Tian Mountain, the location was quite sensitive, Chi Qu You did not dare to be careless.


 “Of course.” Fang Yuan’s clone nodded.


 The two finished their transaction on the spot.


 Chi Qu You obtained an information path mortal Gu, while the Gu Immortal beside him flew towards Fang Yuan’s clone.


 The Gu Immortal that came with Chi Qu You was also Fang Yuan’s dream path clone.


 After Fang Yuan and Chi Qu You came to an agreement, they first targeted several Southern Border locations and obtained the scattered dream realms, before using pure dream reality seeker transformation to turn them into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 Next, using these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique clones, he communicated with Chi Qu You and met with him.


 Chi Qu You brought one of them with him as he entered the secret formation space on Yi Tian Mountain through the backdoor.


 There, Fang Yuan’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique clone used a method to convert the rest of the dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and stuff them into its immortal aperture.


 The original Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique came from a Shadow Sect member, wisdom path great expert Old Man Yan Shi. The killer move pure dream reality seeker transformation was the greatest achievement of his lifetime’s research.


 The original pure dream reality seeker transformation that he had could create the most extreme form of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, it had eighteen hours to live, and every two hours, the cultivation level would rise by one rank, at the final moment, it would have rank nine cultivation level.


 But after the battle on Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect’s sovereign immortal fetus Gu, which was made from countless years of effort, was obtained by Fang Yuan, while Spectral Soul got trapped in the dream realm.


 During the second Yi Tian Mountain battle, Purple Mountain True Monarch brought the remaining Shadow Sect forces to attack, attempting to save Spectral Soul’s main body. During the battle, Purple Mountain True Monarch also used pure dream reality seeker transformation but it was the incomplete version, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were also flawed, they were not as strong as the original.


 The version that Fang Yuan obtained was also this incomplete one, but afterwards, he got the original version from Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this pure dream reality seeker transformation killer move was obtained by Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei had obtained it after soul searching Spectral Soul for a long time.


 Not long after, Feng Jin Huang displayed the talent of a future venerable, she actually perfected the original version of pure dream reality seeker transformation which had a huge flaw.


 Thereafter, Heavenly Court obtained the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, the eleventh extreme physique!


 During the final battle in Central Continent, when Fang Yuan attacked the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, he captured the perfected Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies from Feng Jin Huang and comprehended their creation, he also obtained the method to create perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 Right now, when Fang Yuan did transactions with Chi Qu You, he did not use the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, he was using the incomplete killer move that Purple Mountain True Monarch gave him.


 Because this incomplete version had a time limit in lifespan, it would self-detonate when the time was up.


 Fang Yuan made good use of this flaw, even if Chi Qu You tried to harm him, he would not get the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 Before the transaction, Fang Yuan informed Chi Qu You of this flaw.


 After learning that the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies would self-detonate, Chi Qu You’s expression turned ugly but for the sake of the dream path research results, he had to accept it!


 Seeing that the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body returned to Fang Yuan, he also let out a sigh of relief.


 If this thing self-detonated around him, even Chi Qu You’s formation path methods would be ineffective against it!


 This transaction carried huge risks for both parties, but the rewards were too alluring, both sides were taking a gamble.


 After this first transaction, both parties were quite satisfied, they were more confident now in continuing.


 Before leaving, they agreed on the second transaction location and time, they also arranged many secret and safe methods to communicate.


 Fang Yuan’s transaction with Chi clan had changed drastically from the previous life.


 Last time, Fang Yuan used the dream realms to exchange for Chi clan’s immortal essence stones and immortal materials, that was because he lacked immortal essence at the time.


 But now, Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land and advanced to rank eight, with his rank eight immortal essence, he did not lack immortal essence at all.


 He lacked dream realms instead.


 In the previous life, he basically explored all of the dream realms that were scattered outside. only a small portion was worth exploring because he had sold them to Chi Qu You.


 Fang Yuan needed a large number of dream realms, those that were on Yi Tian Mountain.


 Because he knew that Spectral Soul was a great grandmaster in all paths, his dream realm was on Yi Tian Mountain, there could likely be human path, information path, and qi path dream realms.


 If he could completely inherit Spectral Soul’s attainment levels, Fang Yuan would be qualified to annex every single rank eight grotto-heaven!


 Spectral Soul’s human path attainment level was naturally great grandmaster. Without such a foundation, how could he possibly create sovereign immortal fetus Gu?


 “My current human path attainment level is at master. This is my accumulation after six hundred years.” Fang Yuan knew that with his human path achievement, he could not deal with Heavenly Court’s human path methods left by different venerables.


 He was still too young, his accumulation was not deep enough!


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable lived for three thousand years, this was the shortest among the venerables, but the truth was, due to his rebirths, his lifespan was far beyond three thousand.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable lived for twenty-five thousand years, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lived for nineteen thousand years while Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable lived for twelve thousand years, these three were the top three venerables in terms of lifespan.


 To deal with their methods, Fang Yuan had to use dream realms to grow rapidly.


 Other than human path, information path, qi path, and even ice and snow path were areas that Fang Yuan desired.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was near this transaction location, after Chi Qu You left, he summoned his clones after a while.


 Soon, he placed the two Pure Dream clones in his sovereign immortal aperture.


 The dream realms that Fang Yuan obtained this time were not human path, they were mostly qi path.


 Qi path dream realms were very useful.


 If Fang Yuan had great grandmaster attainment level in qi path, he would be able to annex Qi Sea grotto-heaven, his cultivation level would rise drastically!


 Fang Yuan stored the dream realms, he activated familiar face, before using Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move to leave Southern Border.


 At the next moment, he arrived in Western Desert, he disguised as the wisdom path Gu Immortal Suan Bu Jin again.


 After flying for a while in green ghost desert, Fang Yuan saw Fang clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal Fang Hua Sheng.


 He was the third supreme elder of Fang clan, specialized in healing methods, he wore a white robe and had white hair, as he looked at the approaching Fang Yuan, his stern expression turned into a warm smile.


 “Friend Suan Bu Jin, how have you been?” Fang Hua Sheng greeted.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Thanks for the concern. My goal in coming here is to cooperate with Fang clan and develop green ghost desert together.”


 Fang Yuan moved quickly and spoke openly, stating his intention without wasting time.


 This was different from the previous life.


 Last time, Suan Bu Jin’s identity was exposed, his connection to Fang clan was cut. As a result, Fang Yuan had to extort Fang clan using his own identity. Even though Fang clan relented and gave him some resources, it was not part of Fang Yuan’s original plans.


 In addition, Fang clan had also promised Fang Yuan an Immortal Gu as a reward, but after he got exposed, they did not act on it afterwards.


 Afterwards, when Fang Yuan repaired Dang Hun Mountain, he lacked soul beasts and could not produce enough guts Gu, his own soul path cultivation became very slow.


 He had felt regret towards this loss many times.


 It hindered his growth tremendously, his cultivation path was disrupted.


 But now, Fang Yuan paid attention to this issue and changed it.


 Even though Suan Bu Jin had used great thief ghost hand in front of Chen Yi, and also against Feng Jiu Ge in the formation space, the two situations were very different.


 Without any evidence, nobody could link Fang Yuan to Suan Bu Jin.


 Even though they were both theft path methods, there were still theft path Gu Immortals in the five regions.


 Currently, most people thought that in the Lang Ya blessed land battle, Fang Yuan’s theft path method was the foundation of Lang Ya blessed land. After all, Long Hair Ancestor had once worked with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Fang Hua Sheng had a grim expression as he sighed: “Ever since the battle of Divine Bean Palace, Suan Bu Jin, you have been vividly etched in our memories. We are more than happy to cooperate with you, but now...”


 Fang Hua Sheng said that as he paused, raising his head to observe Fang Yuan’s expression.


 But he was going to be disappointed, Fang Yuan’s plain face had no change of expression at all.


 Fang Hua Sheng had no choice but to continue: “Right now, our Fang clan is in an awkward position, we are facing pressure from Western Desert’s righteous path which is giving us problems. Especially recently, friend Suan Bu Jin, there have been rumors that you are actually the demon Fang Yuan, because you both possess a method to steal Immortal Gu and also oppose Heavenly Court!”


 “That demon Fang Yuan has familiar face after all. He can conceal himself and has a vicious heart, we truly cannot defend against him. Even Heavenly Court is without means against him.”



***
Chapter 1776 - Fang Clan’s External Supreme Elder


***





 Chapter 1776 Fang Clan“s External Supreme Elder


 Fang Hua Sheng’s ‘problems’ and complaints were actually deliberately mentioned as obstacles to Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, his mind was calm and tranquil.


 Because he had heard of such rumors long ago.


 Since he was going against Heavenly Court, he had to have great foresight. Currently, he was trying to stand above the five regions, using the entire Gu world as the chessboard to compete against Heavenly Court.


 Rumors that said ‘Suan Bu Jin and Fang Yuan were the same person’ did not originate from Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei had no evidence, random guesses would only ruin Heavenly Court’s reputation! At most, they could only suspect it and try to help spread this rumor.


 The ones who came up with it were Western Desert’s other righteous path forces.


 Fang clan had obtained complete victory in the battle over Divine Bean Palace. They defeated Chen Yi and Qing Chou, obtaining Divine Bean Palace and even recruiting two rank seven demonic path experts, Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine.


 Fang clan’s gains were huge, after they assimilate this newfound strength, their battle strength would rise greatly, they would jump up and become the number one Western Desert righteous path force.


 This would break the current balance, there would be a huge commotion that would affect the righteous path forces’ benefits. Thus, they worked together and tried to suppress Fang clan.


 In order to make up excuses so they could act freely, they started looking for reasons.


 All sorts of random stories and old feuds were dug up.


 Even historical conflicts were taken out and used as excuses.


 If they could not find any reasons, what would they do?


 They would create reasons.


 Using all sorts of rumors and underground information, they could create commotion that sounded reasonable, but would be easily dispelled if effort was placed into answering them.


 The rumor that Suan Bu Jin was Fang Yuan was one of them. There was no strong evidence, but did rumors need evidence to begin with?


 These were just rules of the game that the righteous path played, they were working together to target Fang clan and needed this layer of reasoning.


 Who cared if there was evidence, these reasons were sufficient!


 Fang Yuan even suspected that this rumor regarding himself was the inspiration of a random Gu Immortal one day.


 This Gu Immortal who created the rumor would likely never think that they had actually hit the nail on the head!


 But Fang Yuan was quite sure that Fang clan would not believe this rumor.


 Even though Suan Bu Jin appeared abruptly, he had a reasonable background that they could research on.


 Fang Yuan made ample preparations for this purpose, he had linked Suan Bu Jin’s background to a Western Desert lone immortal, Zheng Jing Shen.


 Fang clan trusted the background that Fang Yuan had provided to a large extent.


 Because Zheng Jing Shen had lived tens of thousands of years ago, his relationship with Fang clan was a secret, the other forces did not know it.


 Fang clan would not admit that Suan Bu Jin was Fang Yuan in any case. Unless strong evidence forced them to be speechless.


 It was like this in the previous life.


 Because Fang Yuan’s identity was exposed, Fang clan was quite troubled, Western Desert’s righteous path forces found the perfect excuse and became overjoyed!


 Fang Yuan knew that Fang Hua Sheng’s words were simply to gain the maximum benefits for Fang clan.


 Fang Yuan sneered internally, he looked at Fang Hua Sheng with a plain gaze: “In that case, forget it. I will look for the other clans to work together.”


 Saying this, he turned around and left quickly.


 Fang Hua Sheng saw Fang Yuan’s gaze and felt his heart jump, seeing that Fang Yuan was about to leave, he gasped and quickly chased: “Suan Bu Jin, wait, hold up!”


 “What is it, is anything the matter?” Fang Yuan slowed down as he floated in the air.


 He looked at Fang Hua Sheng with a mocking gaze, saying plainly: “Isn’t Fang clan in huge trouble now and does not want to cooperate?”


 Fang Hua Sheng had a bitter smile.


 He understood that Fang Yuan knew the fact that Fang clan was trying to extort him through this reason.


 But Fang Hua Sheng was helpless, because he was currently exposed.


 Regarding this, Fang Hua Sheng was mentally prepared. Because before coming, Fang clan’s wisdom path great grandmaster Fang Di Chang had already informed him.


 Suan Bu Jin was a wisdom path Gu Immortal!


 Fang Hua Sheng cupped his fist towards Fang Yuan: “Friend Suan Bu Jin, please don’t worry, even though Fang clan is in dire straits now, our determination to cooperate with you has never wavered! Our relationship extends all the way to tens of thousands of years ago, this is really a special connection between us, we need to treasure it.”


 “Last time, during the battle over Divine Bean Palace, we worked together harmoniously. If not for your help, we would have had much more difficulties in obtaining Divine Bean Palace. We still owe you the reward for that battle, even though you allowed us to delay the payment, we have never forgotten about it. Before coming, first supreme elder even told me to apologize to you properly regarding that matter.”


 Fang Hua Sheng said a long string of beautiful words without any effort.


 Fang Yuan felt disdain on the inside but he showed a faint smile, cooperating with Fang Hua Sheng while allowing this matter to end on a nice note.


 Fang Yuan said: “I know about Fang clan’s circumstances, you know I am a wisdom path Gu Immortal too, I vitally want to develop green ghost desert as well. I have already written the details of this cooperation, take a look.”


 Fang Hua Sheng received the information path mortal Gu, he looked into it, his face turning pale gradually.


 The details that Fang Yuan wrote were advantageous to him, the conditions were neither too harsh nor too easy on Fang clan, it was right on Fang clan’s bottom line.


 “Friend, you are truly a wisdom path Gu Immortal!” Fang Hua Sheng felt a chill in his heart as he spoke with admiration.


 Even though Fang clan obtained Divine Bean Palace, the refinement of this Gu House was very difficult, they were making little progress.


 After the battle of Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan’s three Immortal Gu Houses were heavily damaged, Fang clan’s strength fell drastically, they were at their weakest point.


 But at this moment, Western Desert’s righteous path forces acted together to suppress Fang clan.


 They were in a worrying state now, they needed external help.


 Suan Bu Jin was an ideal reinforcement!


 Because from Fang clan’s perspective, Suan Bu Jin was a wisdom path Gu Immortal with methods to enslave a soul beast army, during the battle in Divine Bean Palace, he even showed the ability to steal rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, it was simply shocking!


 Fang clan was very wary regarding Suan Bu Jin, but thankfully they had a historical relationship and had worked together before. At this point, if Fang clan could gain a rank seven expert like him, their morale would rise, it would help this situation greatly.


 And if they refused to cooperate with Suan Bu Jin, he might even be forced to join his enemies instead.


 If Suan Bu Jin worked with the other righteous path forces, Fang clan’s circumstances would be even worse.


 Fang clan was wary of Suan Bu Jin, but they also needed him.


 Suan Bu Jin was only a rank seven Gu Immortal, but Fang clan was not able to reject his offer to work together even if they wanted to.


 Fang Yuan knew about this point, that was why he acted fearlessly against Fang Hua Sheng.


 “In the negotiation with Chi Qu You earlier, I could have failed. But in this current negotiation, I have no way of losing.” Fang Yuan felt very confident in this.


 “Of course, if Suan Bu Jin’s identity is really exposed, Fang clan would never cooperate with me no matter what. That was why I gave up in the previous life and directly extorted them.”


 This was the rule of the righteous path.


 As for why Chi Qu You took the risk to make transactions with Fang Yuan?


 The profits were too immense!


 Additionally, Chi Qu You was confident that even if the matter got exposed, he could still deny it, Chi clan also had a formation defending them, they were extremely safe, in the worst case, he just had to give up some resource points.


 Chi clan’s circumstances and status were different from Fang clan.


 Because of the two clan’s differences, they could make different decisions.


 Fang Hua Sheng looked at the contents clearly before returning the information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


 But at the same time, he handed another information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan: “Second supreme elder has personally entrusted this to me. According to your proposal, we can definitely cooperate. But this information path mortal Gu contains another proposal filled with Fang clan’s sincerity, please take a look and consider it.”


 Fang Yuan laughed to himself on the inside, he knew what the contents were before he even looked at it.


 After taking a look, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up indistinctly.


 As expected, Fang clan wrote one condition, they invited Fang Yuan to be their external supreme elder!


 Fang Yuan smiled secretly to himself but he showed a hesitant expression, he said to Fang Hua Sheng solemnly: “This is a huge matter, I need a few days to consider it.”


 Fang Hua Sheng was overjoyed, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would reject him on the spot, now that he said he would consider it, it meant that he was inclined to accept the offer.


 It was not strange for him to be moved by it, back then, when Fang Hua Sheng first saw the plan to recruit Fang Yuan, he was very shocked too, to think that the clan was willing to pay such a huge price!


 Fang Hua Sheng quickly said: “Please take your time to consider it, I’m sure you can see Fang clan’s sincerity and foundation, even though this is a difficult time, our future is bright. The truth is, our clan already has some progress in refining Divine Bean Palace.”


 Fang Yuan gasped as he showed an obvious expression of being moved.


 But he was rolling his eyes internally.


 Fang clan’s progress in refining Divine Bean Palace was definitely very slow.


 The reason?


 Because they did not use it to fight even during the final battle in Central Continent.


 Fang Hua Sheng was simply lying through his teeth!


 But that was not Fang Yuan’s concern.


 He decided to agree to Fang clan’s request and become their external supreme elder. Given enough time, with his own information path methods, no agreements could bind him.


 With this relationship, the development of green ghost desert would become even smoother. Fang Yuan would also gain a lot of cultivation resources as his reward for joining Fang clan.


 These resources moved Fang Yuan as well.


 But he could not agree now, if he did, it would seem like he was too eager.


 That was not how Suan Bu Jin would act.


 Fang clan’s wisdom path great grandmaster Fang Di Chang had incredible methods and capability, Fang Yuan had witnessed it personally, he could not underestimate him.


 At this point, Fang Yuan said goodbye to Fang Hua Sheng.


 “Goodbye, friend.” Fang Hua Sheng stayed as he watched Fang Yuan leave, he had an expression of sincerity on his face.


 Fang Yuan felt a little amused: “I will agree to this in a few days. If one day, my identity gets exposed, I wonder how Fang clan would react?”



***
Chapter 1777 - Ink Effect


***





 Chapter 1777 Ink Effect


 Sovereign grotto-heaven.


 In Mini Southern Border, a damaged mountain stood proudly on the ground.


 Even though it was damaged, the surrounding mounds were still like tiny pebbles compared to it.


 Different from normal mountains, it looked like it was made of crystals, it was pink throughout while emitting the colors of dreams and illusions.


 It was the secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e — Dang Hun Mountain!


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense went around it entirely: “Dang Hun Mountain is about eighty percent repaired, this is way faster compared to the previous life.”


 Compared to now, his previous life was truly pitiful.


 Firstly, he did not annex Lang Ya blessed land, the battle expended a lot of his immortal essence storage. Afterwards, he attacked Southern Border’s areas and stole dream realms, before transacting with Chi Qu You to gain a large number of immortal essence stones, finally replenishing his immortal essence storage.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan used landscape as before Immortal Gu to repair Dang Hun Mountain, he expended a vast amount of immortal essence!


 Landscape as Before was just rank six while Fang Yuan’s immortal essence was rank seven, he also faced pressure from the outside, be they Heavenly Court or Southern Border, they wanted to create problems for him.


 For a long time, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence storage was kept at a dangerous level, he could not accumulate any as his expenditure was huge.


 But now, after annexing Lang Ya blessed land, everything was different.


 He became a rank eight Gu Immortal, he was able to produce rank eight white litchi immortal essence in his sovereign immortal aperture in advance, it was the same as a hundred red date immortal essence beads. That was to say, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence was produced at a hundred times the efficiency as the previous life!


 At the same time, Fang Yuan had rank seven Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, while Lang Ya blessed land itself had a huge stock of immortal essence stones.


 This huge foundation was sustaining Fang Yuan, he faced no problems in terms of immortal essence.


 By spending a huge amount of immortal essence without concern, Dang Hun Mountain was being repaired at an extremely fast rate, far superior than his previous life!


 In the previous life, at this time, Dang Hun Mountain was only thirty percent repaired. But now, it was already eighty percent repaired, given just a bit more time, it would be fully repaired.


 If Landscape as Before had a higher rank, the recovery speed would be even faster.


 Currently, Landscape as Before was merely rank six, using it to repair Dang Hun Mountain was like chopping a tree using a knife.


 Even though Fang Yuan had rank eight Immortal Gu Advance Refinement and the Long Hair refinement path formation, he was unwilling to take the risk to refine Landscape as Before due to his vigilant nature.


 Unless he obtains regret Gu and creates Regret Pool.


 The success rate of Gu refinement was too low, if he failed and the Immortal Gu got destroyed, it would be a disaster.


 Fang Yuan had thought of the vital Gu.


 When a vital Gu is refined, no matter how many times it fails, it would not die.


 But Fang Yuan’s clone had Spring Autumn Cicada as its vital Gu, while the sovereign immortal body was created using sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it had no such thing as a vital Gu.


 “If I can obtain a Gu Immortal’s body and use split soul to turn it into my clone, I can change the vital Gu and refine landscape as before Immortal Gu using it, that would be safer.”


 But this plan could not be done now.


 It was not that he could not capture Gu Immortals, he had a batch of them now.


 But the problem was, the amount of expended soul foundation was huge, with his current foundation, he could not use split soul.


 Whenever a wisdom path Gu Immortals makes deductions on Fang Yuan, emperor yama would activate and expend his soul foundation.


 Every Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body that Fang Yuan creates would expend his soul foundation.


 The same went for myriad self.


 And exploring dream realms also damaged the soul.


 ...


 With all these reasons, Fang Yuan’s soul was constantly being drained.


 Especially recently, Fairy Zi Wei had been deducing matters on Fang Yuan every now and then, causing emperor yama to be activated continuously, Fang Yuan was consistently pestered, his guts Gu storage was reaching its end.


 Ever since rebirth, even though the ink effect gave Fang Yuan lots of benefits, there were also problems that happened.


 In the previous life, his soul foundation was able to last for a long time. But now, it was terrible, at this rate, he would finish his stock of guts Gu, Fang Yuan would need to use other soul path methods instead.


 These soul path methods all had their downsides, none were as useful as guts Gu.


 “There is another issue, Heavenly Court has started to take over the dragonfish business.”


 “Heavenly Court is actually selling a large number of iron dragonfish and silver dragonfish, they seem to be able to produce golden dragonfish too, it is causing a great impact to my dragonfish business!”


 “Even though this happened in the previous life as well, it occurred much later, to think that it would happen in advance now.”


 But Fang Yuan was helpless about this.


 Spectral Soul was taken captive, Fairy Zi Wei was likely provoked by the loss in Lang Ya blessed land, she intensified the soul search on Spectral Soul and obtained the information regarding the dragonfish business.


 “It seems that Spectral Soul is starting to lose his hold.”


 “Even in the previous life when Longevity Heaven attacked Heavenly Court, he did not show up, he was imprisoned all along.”


 Fang Yuan sighed, retracting his complex emotions.


 He had no time to waste.


 He had to use every minute and every second, who knew if this extra second would be significant during the huge battle in the future, any bit of accumulation mattered greatly.


 Fang Yuan’s post-rebirth plans were progressing smoothly and gradually.


 Lang Ya blessed land was annexed, he became a rank eight Gu Immortal, after which he took in the four races alliance and gained a huge foundation.


 His human path attainment broke through to master level.


 Chi Qu You made a transaction with him, the contents were even more advantageous to him than in the previous life.


 There was also Fang clan trying to recruit him, the plan to develop green ghost desert was going to be very helpful..


 All of these changes and accumulations were totally beyond his previous life!


 Fang Yuan did not relax at all.


 He knew that the Southern Border’s leaders were going to meet and create a group to chase after him next.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan’s attack was a type of provocation towards the Southern Border righteous path, they had to make an active response.


 On the other hand, Wu clan, Tie clan, Ba clan, and the others also wanted to gain some benefits from this and raise their reputation, they wanted to gain a larger say in this group.


 “There should be some time left.”


 “Because Southern Border’s righteous path clans will not have an easy time coming up with a plan or conclusion.”


 “They need to compete against each other, with the emergence of Earth Trenches, the clans need to fight for natural resources, they have a lot of conflict among themselves.”


 Currently, Tie clan’s Beacon Tower plan had not started yet, even though Tie clan promoted it, the clans were not willing to let it start.


 In fact, the Southern Border Alliance was nowhere to be seen.


 Wu Yong had such ambitions, but if he mentioned it now, it would be a joke!


 Fang Yuan had a lot of things to do.


 Firstly, he needed to modify his jade flow pearl killer move. This killer move used rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel as the core and almost all of Fang Yuan’s current space path Immortal Gu, a few refinement path Immortal Gu, and a lot of supplementary mortal Gu to construct.


 He had used this killer move many times, it was already exposed.


 Even though Chi Qu You was transacting with him secretly, he would definitely search for relevant information and look for other wisdom path immortals to find a way to counter it.


 To prevent himself from being countered, Fang Yuan needed to modify it and create a new version just in case.


 Because now, Bai Ning Bing, Ying Wu Xie, and the rest were still cultivating on the stone lotus island.


 Omni-directional Travel could not be used now. Even though Xue Er, Mo Tan Sang, and Shi Shi Cheng were prospective replacements, Fang Yuan did not practise with them a lot, they were far from actually mastering it.


 In terms of movement, Fang Yuan was heavily relying on Omni-directional Travel and Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move. If these two methods were unusable and Fang Yuan got encircled, he would be in trouble.


 One could never be too careful, the killer move involving Fixed Immortal Travel was Fang Yuan’s method of escaping if an unexpected mishap occurred.


 Next, he had to repair Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Currently, he was already using immortal killer moves to help the weakened rank six Spring Autumn Cicada recover more quickly.


 He also had to develop his businesses aggressively. The dragonfish business was heavily affected, Heavenly Court had a deep foundation, Fang Yuan could not compete against it. Many of Lang Ya blessed land’s businesses were needed by Fang Yuan himself, the rest needed to be adapted to suit Fang Yuan’s current needs.


 Additionally, Fang Yuan also disguised his identity in treasure yellow heaven and purchased immemorial year beasts.


 As for the conceptualization of the incomplete Immortal Gu House, as well as the deduction of the killer move Gu as before, they were underway.


 Fang Yuan wanted to create his personal Immortal Gu House.


 In the previous life, his Immortal Gu House was constantly destroyed or damaged. These terrible experiences were precious to the current him, he had benefited greatly.


 His gains ever since he was reborn were quickly absorbed, Fang Yuan made use of every minute and second to grow stronger rapidly!


 Several days later.


 Western Desert, Fang clan’s headquarters.


 “It is truly our clan’s blessing that friend Suan Bu Jin could join us! From today onwards, you will be renowned throughout Western Desert, or even the other four regions.” Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong held Fang Yuan’s hands warmly.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he pulled back his hand inconspicuously.


 This old man looked very valiant and up-front on the outside but was actually devious and sinister. Fang Yuan had witnessed him sneak attacking Chen Yi and beating him up in Divine Bean Palace.


 “The moment I joined Fang clan, Fang Gong came to welcome me personally, while Fang Di Chang and the rest can’t wait to spread news of this. It seems that Fang clan is truly in a bad state now.” Fang Yuan thought about it, he looked towards Fang Di Chang as he smiled.


 Fang Di Chang had a strange feeling of nervousness, he thought to himself: “What is going on? Why do I have a bad feeling all of a sudden?”


 At the next moment, Fang Di Chang’s and Fang Gong’s expressions changed.


 Fang Gong shouted loudly: “Such guts! Demonic path Gu Immortals dare to attack our clan’s precious heavenly dew oasis, do they think that our Fang clan is easy to bully?”


 Fang Di Chang had a grim expression as he said: “It is a complex matter, it might not be demonic path Gu Immortals but other forces instead. Especially now when elder Suan Bu Jin has just joined us, we have just released this information in treasure yellow heaven but this actually happened...”


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly from agitation, he had a grim expression: “Let me handle this.”


 Fang Di Chang and Fang Gong looked at each other rapidly, Fang Gong clapped: “Wonderful, elder, we will wait for good news from you.”



***
Chapter 1778 - Fang and Fang Scheming Each Other


***





 Chapter 1778 Fang and Fang Scheming Each Other


 The desert extended to the horizon, intense winds whipped up a yellow sandstorm, shrouding the world.


 Fang Yuan’s body moved like light smoke, traveling rapidly within the sandstorm.


 An oasis with a huge area appeared in his vision.


 This was heavenly dew oasis.


 The oasis had a large lake that had a lot of water in it, it was almost like a small sea.


 Acupuncture trees were planted all around this lake.


 This tree was dark green in color, it resembled a human shape with arms and legs. Its legs were stabbed into the depths of the desert, absorbing water and maintaining its vitality. Its arms were either spread out or pointed towards the sky. Some were standing, their arms bent and their pinky fingers pointed towards their heads, as if they were picking their noses. Some were completely lying on the ground like a lazy person, the hands were placed behind their heads as they looked up at the sky.


 A large number of acupuncture trees, several hundreds of them, surrounded heavenly dew oasis tightly, forming the first line of defense.


 Ordinary acupuncture trees were the most numerous, they were ten to twenty feet tall, they looked like still giants.


 There were also several hundred desolate plant acupuncture trees, they were even larger, at fifty to sixty feet tall, they were very grand.


 There were also ten or so ancient desolate plant acupuncture trees. They were large like mountains, even if they were lying down, they were extremely conspicuous among the other trees.


 At ancient desolate level, the acupuncture trees would blossom every year, the petals were snow-white. The core had rainbow colors that were mostly pink, yellow, and light blue. Each petal was a seed of the acupuncture tree, it could scatter with the wind.


 The acupuncture tree was very valuable, it had great use.


 Each leaf, each branch, and each root was a Gu material, it had rich fire path and wood path dao marks.


 When a strong enemy attacks, these acupuncture trees would stand up like giants, waving their limbs around and moving in the desert, they would fight the enemies using their strength and sharp needles.


 During normal times, they would be peaceful. When they met someone they favored, they would move their needles to pierce into them and inject some liquid.


 This liquid was like spring water but it had great value, it could increase the vitality and foundation of the living being, it could alleviate fatigue and illnesses, even treating diseases. By using the acupuncture needles regularly, one could stay healthy and strong, they can even live longer.


 Ignoring the more valuable lake, just these acupuncture trees surrounding it were very valuable, they made this heavenly dew oasis a giant resource point!


 This oasis was famous in Western Desert, it was one of the top ten oases, Fang clan had placed much importance into this asset.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s dragonfish sea was a giant resource point too, it was dwarfed in comparison with this oasis.


 “Recently, Fang clan has faced the suppression of the other Western Desert forces. Among all of their resource points, the small ones are being affected and even taken away. This time, heavenly dew oasis was attacked, Fang clan’s limit for tolerance was touched so Fang Gong showed deep anger in response.”


 After a while, Fang Yuan arrived above heavenly dew oasis.


 The formation of heavenly dew oasis was already activated, it was resisting a mysterious Gu Immortal.


 This Gu Immortal cultivated soul path, he wore a black robe and above him, there was a dark cloud, he was surrounded by grey-white vengeful spirits that moved around in the sky.


 He moved in a peculiar manner, his killer move was outstanding, each attack would emit a shrill noise that made people feel goosebumps all over!


 The Fang clan Gu Immortal defending heavenly dew oasis had already activated the formation.


 But Fang clan’s formations were inferior to Chi clan, their strong point was in Immortal Gu Houses!


 Furthermore, this Western Desert soul path Gu Immortal attacked peculiarly and ruthlessly, half the formation was already destroyed, he was rampaging in heavenly dew oasis.


 Fang Yuan did not conceal his aura, he arrived in the battlefield and attacked the soul path Gu Immortal.


 Boom boom boom!


 The two fought as they created thunderous noises, air currents surged and created huge waves in the oasis lake.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortal contacted Fang Yuan and asked him to help, but Fang Yuan only told him to defend the oasis.


 The Fang clan Gu Immortal was worried because the soul path Gu Immortal was very strong, he felt very uneasy in this situation.


 But Fang Yuan showed an even stronger stance.


 He had many Immortal Gu, while acting as Suan Bu Jin, even with just wisdom path methods, he had a variety of different methods that could not be dealt with easily.


 The soul path Gu Immortal had peculiar methods but Fang Yuan’s wisdom path killer moves were more exquisite, filled with wisdom and elegance.


 As the two fought, Fang Yuan gained the upper hand, he slowly obtained control over the tempo of the battle.


 The Western Desert soul path Gu Immortal became more fierce in his attacks as he shouted: “Who are you? How did Fang clan find someone like you!”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “I am wisdom path Suan Bu Jin, an external supreme elder of Fang Yuan. I have just joined Fang clan but you jumped out to provoke me, you are simply looking down on me, I will take your life!”


 Fang Yuan’s display of killing intent surged as he forced the soul path Gu Immortal back into a dangerous spot.


 The Fang clan Gu Immortal inside the formation felt a chill in his heart, this newly joined supreme elder of the clan was definitely not a kind or easygoing person.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, his face was full of sternness and arrogance.


 He waved his sleeves as he attacked like raging tides, his attacks were very powerful, the spectator was deeply shocked.


 After a while, the soul path Gu Immortal shouted loudly, he seemed to have used a killer move with deep backlash, his face turned pale as his aura became dim, he was very weakened now.


 But his speed increased rapidly, he flew out of the battlefield like a sharp arrow.


 “Where are you going!” Fang Yuan shouted loudly, chasing relentlessly.


 Under the Fang clan’s Gu Immortal’s expectant gaze, Fang Yuan chased after the soul path Gu Immortal.


 Fang clan headquarters.


 In the room, Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang were discussing their plan in secret.


 All of a sudden, they stopped their discussions at the same time.


 “Oh? Suan Bu Jin made the strong enemy retreat, he is really fast.” Fang Di Chang smiled.


 “But...” Fang Gong had a low tone: “According to the information, Suan Bu Jin chased after him but returned midway. According to Suan Bu Jin, he returned in order to prevent the enemy from setting a trap and ambushing him elsewhere. What do you think about that?”


 Fang Di Chang smiled: “Suan Bu Jin is a wisdom path Gu Immortal like me. He might have found some clues and sensed a scheme. Or maybe, he did not want to spend so much effort on this, forcing the enemy away was already enough to show some credit for his work. He is not a Fang clansman after all, he joined us because the rewards were plentiful, and also because he wants to develop green ghost desert with us.”


 Fang Di Chang’s analysis of Fang Yuan was very in-depth.


 Fang Gong nodded: “Suan Bu Jin has good strength, his methods are numerous. Should we rope him into this plan too?”


 Fang Di Chang shook his head: “I would not advise you to do that. He has just joined us, we do not know about his background yet. Even though we have the agreement, we cannot entrust everything to it. He is an uncertainty.”


 Fang Gong pondered: “Then forget it, I just felt that it was a pity, he has great battle strength after all.”


 Fang Di Chang smiled: “Actually, even without him, our arrangements are sufficient already. Even if he does not join our secret plan, he can also provide some help.”


 “We should let him defend heavenly dew oasis instead, we can bring the rank seven member back to participate in this.”


 “In that case, we can show that our Fang clan is willing to give outsiders a chance, we can use Suan Bu Jin as a good example. With the results of this battle and our spreading of the news, he will gain huge fame, he will become an eyesore of the Western Desert righteous path forces, he will draw a lot of the attention away from us.”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Gong laughed, looking at Fang Di Chang with deep admiration: “It is truly great that our Fang clan has a wisdom path great grandmaster like you.”


 The next day.


 “Letting me defend this place?” Fang Yuan looked at heavenly dew oasis as his thoughts moved rapidly like lightning, he was already using his wisdom path killer moves.


 “I have just joined Fang clan but they actually let me defend this place alone, they deployed the original rank seven Gu Immortal elsewhere.”


 “And with the battle earlier, Fang clan promoted it intensely, the Western Desert righteous path is already onto me.”


 “Normally speaking, Fang clan should deploy one Gu Immortal here to keep an eye on me. But not only did they not do that, Fang clan’s experts are also moving in a peculiar fashion, it seems that they are going to attempt something big.”


 “In the previous life, what did Fang clan do?”


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 In the previous life, because Suan Bu Jin got exposed, Fang Yuan did not pay much attention to Fang clan.


 Fang Yuan did not know how Fang clan countered the suppression of Western Desert’s righteous path, what happened from now until the time Fang clan took the lead to attack Emperor City?


 “It seems that Western Desert’s righteous path had worked together to conceal the truth?”


 “Or perhaps, something has changed in this life already, the ink effect has already spread until here.”


 Fang Yuan lacked information now, he could not think of any plan, for the following period, he could only wait and see what happens. On one hand, he can wait for the development here, on the other hand, he had to continue his plans.


 “Ying Wu Xie, where are you now?” He contacted Ying Wu Xie.


 Within green ghost desert, a soul path Gu Immortal looked at the dark sky as he moved with his head lowered: “Reporting to sect leader, I am already inside green ghost desert.”


 It was Ying Wu Xie!


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had secretly brought him out of the stone lotus island and gave him Yang San Mu’s body, immortal aperture, his soul path Gu worms, and the modified soul path killer moves.


 Ying Wu Xie had changed his appearance already.


 If Fang clan’s Gu Immortals saw him now, they would be enraged: “Isn’t this the mysterious Gu Immortal who attacked our heavenly dew oasis yesterday?!”


 “Very good, I have already handed Soul Beast Token to you, go ahead and develop the army.”


 “Keep in contact with me at all times.”


 “I already have Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move now, I can reinforce you at any time.”


 “Don’t be careless and end up in an immortal battlefield or a formation space.” Fang Yuan added.


 “I understand, sect leader.” Ying Wu Xie replied respectfully: “With me here, there will be an unceasing supply of soul beasts!”



***
Chapter 1779 - Killer Move Steal Dao


***





 Chapter 1779 Killer Move Steal Dao


 Suan Bu Jin was just a disguise, Fang Yuan knew that in order to join Fang clan, his biggest obstacle was Fang Di Chang.


 Because he was a wisdom path great grandmaster.


 Usually, only experts among rank eights had great grandmaster attainment level, they were hard to deal with.


 There would be too many traces left behind if Fang Yuan tried to use wisdom path methods to deal with Fang Di Chang’s deductions. After all, Fang Yuan was just a wisdom path grandmaster, he was skilled at deductions and killer move modification in terms of wisdom path.


 Using the light of wisdom, in terms of deducing killer moves, he was the number one person in the world.


 But dealing with other Gu Immortals and resisting other wisdom path Gu Immortals’ deductions was not Fang Yuan’s expertise.


 After Fang Yuan joins Fang clan, it might stir some strange feelings in Fang Di Chang.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were usually very calm, if their mental state was affected and their emotions changed, it would signify a huge problem.


 Thus, Fang Yuan arranged for Ying Wu Xie to disguise as a Western Desert Gu Immortal and attack Fang clan’s heavenly dew oasis.


 As expected, Fang Di Chang fell for it and did not suspect Fang Yuan.


 Making Ying Wu Xie attack heavenly dew oasis had another deeper meaning.


 It was to help Fang Yuan ‘integrate’ into Fang clan more quickly.


 Suan Bu Jin had worked with Fang clan to fight over Divine Bean Palace, but he had just joined the clan, Western Desert’s righteous path was not familiar with him, while Fang clan held suspicion towards his loyalty.


 At this time, Fang Yuan arranged for such an event, he displayed his own battle strength and to a certain extent, his loyalty towards Fang clan.


 “However... Fang Di Chang’s wisdom path attainment level is higher than mine, the more we interact, the more likely he would be to find out the truth.” Fang Yuan alerted himself.


 Dealing with a wisdom path great grandmaster was too troublesome!


 Even though Fang Yuan was using familiar face killer move, he was in danger of getting exposed.


 Other than that, there was another risk: Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie’s disguise method was not special, after all soul path did not specialize in that. Furthermore, legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou was likely still lurking somewhere in green ghost desert.


 These were all hidden dangers and risks.


 But compared to these risks, Fang Yuan’s need for a vast number of soul beasts to raise his soul path cultivation level was greater.


 He was willing to take the risk!


 “Even though I joined Fang clan and they agreed to develop green ghost desert, giving me a portion of the soul cores once in a while, they are very busy now and because they have some stockpile of soul cores, they will likely hand me these accumulated soul cores during this period of time.”


 Fang Yuan had already expected this, he needed to rely on himself for the development of green ghost desert.


 Fang Yuan had not thought of relying on Fang clan to capture soul beasts for him. In that situation, Fang clan would not try their best after all.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan did not want Fang clan to overly take control of green ghost desert.


 The cooperation with them was to prevent Fang clan from causing trouble. After all, there was only one clan, Fang clan, around the vicinity of green ghost desert.


 Fang Yuan could not station himself in green ghost desert, he had to arrange pawns like Ying Wu Xie. If Fang clan found trouble with him, they could not deal with Fang Yuan easily, but Ying Wu Xie was an easy target.


 Fang Yuan had considered many things.


 In this case, he had to cooperate with Fang clan first.


 Even though Fang clan did not have effective methods to use the soul beasts, they would capture many soul beasts each year and extract their soul cores, it could build up their inventory and also be sold for profit.


 If Fang Yuan tried to hunt in green ghost desert alone using Suan Bu Jin’s identity, Fang clan would find him an eyesore.


 As the super force that was the closest to green ghost desert, Fang clan had already treated green ghost desert as their own territory.


 Fang Yuan could not eliminate them entirely, he had to choose to work with them. Turning an enemy into a friend was also a way of eliminating an enemy.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective, killing was just a method.


 Other than killing, there were many other methods he could use.


 To achieve his goals, he had to use the most appropriate and effective method, regardless of what it entailed.


 This was different from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable handled matters and conflict with basically one method.


 That was to kill!


 You do not relent? Kill!


 You are an eyesore? Kill!


 His own mood was bad? Kill!


 He was bored? Kill!


 Fang Yuan began to inspect heavenly dew oasis.


 He had already seen the acupuncture trees, they were at the periphery. But he had to enter the formation to observe the lake water within it.


 Heavenly dew oasis not only had a lot of water resources, they were of various types.


 Commonly seen were delicate springs, jade toad drool, bitter fragrance water, more rare ones included divine strength water, black-white water, and others.


 There was a huge quantity of Gu materials, with immortal materials of all kinds.


 For example, even though divine strength water was a type of water, it contained strength path dao marks, it was a rank six strength path immortal material in the market.


 In mortal fables, divine strength water had a lot of names, often, when mortal heroes drink this water, they would gain divine strength and be able to defeat evil Gu Masters.


 And because this divine strength water was an immortal material, drinking it without food path methods would kill even a Gu Immortal just because of its strength path dao marks!


 Therefore, the mortals of these stories often die themselves after taking revenge.


 The most important one was black-white water.


 Black-white water was a rank seven immortal material, it was situated at the center of heavenly dew oasis.


 During daytime, the black-white water would be white, during night, it would be black.


 Placing the black-white water there while exposed to the sky, as the days and nights cycle, the black-white water would create drops of heavenly dew.


 The heavenly dew was transparent and looked like a droplet, it was round and each drop had the size of a baby’s finger.


 The heavenly dew could not fuse together, droplets could only be placed together but not as one entity.


 The most valuable thing in heavenly dew oasis was the heavenly dew.


 It was a rank eight immortal material!


 Fang Yuan soon found that this black-white water region had a hundred droplets of heavenly dew accumulated here.


 Ying Wu Xie attacked this place but did not reach the center, the heavenly dew that had accumulated for half a year was still here.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he stored thirty droplets of heavenly dew away without hesitation.


 This was the hidden rule of the righteous path.


 Any Gu Immortal sent to defend the resource points would secretly keep a portion of the resources for their own cultivation needs.


 Of course, this was not an outright rule.


 But basically, all the super forces allowed this.


 Being stationed outside to defend resource points was a tough job, it had risks. Without this benefit, who would want to do it?


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan had learned about these things. Taking thirty drops of heavenly dew was the limit already, this was a valuable sum, it was three months of heavenly dew oasis’ accumulation! If he took more, Fang clan would not be happy, they would accuse him of embezzlement.


 “It is a pity that the nine heavens shattered, only black heaven and white heaven are left.”


 “If the nine heavens were around, according to this heavenly dew oasis’ location, this would not be black-white water but rank eight immortal material nine colored water. Nine colored water faces the sky and experiences the nine different heavens continuously, with the direct rays of the stars, moon, and sun from the nine heavens, it would produce a drop of nine heavenly star sweat every year from this nine colored water.”


 Nine heavenly star sweat was a rank nine immortal material, it was one of the three waters of heaven and earth, along with myriad being creation water and rising falling tide water. It had extreme value, it was rare even among rank nine immortal materials.


 Different from the three fires of heaven and earth, the nine heavenly star sweat of the three waters of heaven and earth had already vanished.


 Because seven of the nine heavens were already gone, only two heavens were left.


 After looking at all the resources, Fang Yuan sighed in admiration, this heavenly dew oasis was truly one of Western Desert’s top ten oases, he looked at the formation again.


 He was tasked to guard this place, he obviously could use the formation.


 Fang clan gave him the methods to utilize this formation, Fang Yuan tried activating them and comprehending the workings of this formation.


 He had formation path grandmaster attainment level, he also had wisdom path methods, he quickly gained some knowledge.


 Compared to Chi clan, Fang clan’s defensive formation at heavenly dew oasis was not impressive. Thus, Fang clan spent a lot of effort to place the acupuncture trees here as a form of defense.


 Fang clan was like Chi clan, they excelled in formation path.


 But the difference was, Fang clan excelled in Immortal Gu Houses, because Immortal Gu Houses were a type of mobile immortal formation.


 Meanwhile, Chi clan excelled in creating immobile formations, that was the mainstream of formation path.


 And most importantly, Chi clan had a formation path great grandmaster, Chi Qu You!


 Formation path Gu Immortals who had great grandmaster attainment level could use natural dao marks to set up immortal formations. Not only could they save on Immortal Gu, they could even use the environment to create strong defenses while helping the development of the resource point, increasing its yield.


 Fang clan set up this formation in heavenly dew oasis, they used many Immortal Gu. But the formation’s main purpose was to increase the heavenly dew production, it was not focused on defense.


 “But Fang clan’s specialty is very strong too.”


 “They own multiple Immortal Gu Houses, not only do they have high mobility, they can use the Immortal Gu Houses to fight rank eight enemies with just rank six Gu Immortals.”


 “If I am Fang clan’s leader, in this situation, I would gather my people to attack one enemy, by displaying a fierce demeanor, we can intimidate and deter the rest of the Western Desert righteous path forces.”


 “But they would need to pay close attention to the extent of their actions, if they go overboard, they would be in trouble. If they do too little, it would deter no one.”


 Fang Yuan was thinking about Fang clan and Western Desert’s righteous path forces now.


 He had to cultivate during this period of time, processing his gains and modifying killer moves, it did not matter if he was in Western Desert or Southern Border.


 Time was quite pressing.


 Very soon, Southern Border’s righteous path would come to agreement, they would come after him.


 Flipping heaven sand sea.


 Huge sand waves were rising and falling continuously. Under the rays of the moonlight, white sand looked like snow, sand waves rose to tens of feet with a grand aura, it was a famous sight in Western Desert.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals had secretly gathered, approaching treasure moon oasis within the sand sea.


 “According to the intel, Dong clan’s Dong Lu Chen has already arrived. Let’s go!’ Fang Di Chang transmitted secretly.


 “Good!” Fang Gong burst out with overwhelming aura, attacking treasure moon oasis directly.


 Dong Lu Chen flew up, his rank eight aura also permeated the area, he shouted with shock and anger: “Fang Gong, I did not approach you for trouble, but you are actually attacking me!”


 Fang Gong roared: “Cut the crap, let’s fight.”


 The battle of two rank eight Gu Immortals caused thunderous sounds and intense explosions.


 Dong Lu Chen was in a passive spot, he was quite restricted as he had to defend the treasure moon oasis behind him.


 He blocked Fang Gong’s attacks as his expression sank: “Fang clan, just you wait! You dare to attack the territory of righteous path forces, you have broken the rules, in just a while, the whole of Western Desert’s super forces will inflict judgment upon you!”


 “Is that so? Didn’t your Dong clan spread the rumor that treasure moon oasis was once attacked by our clan? Since you do not have evidence, we are so kind as to come here and give you some evidence.” A strangely shaped broken Immortal Gu House flew into the sky, Fang Di Chang’s voice came from within it.


 Dong Lu Chen became even more furious: “Fang Di Chang, you are a mere rank seven, you dare...”


 Before he finished, Fang clan’s Immortal Gu House unleashed an immortal killer move.


 Dong Lu Chen’s anger vanished all of a sudden, replaced by deep shock and fear.


 “This immortal killer move, don’t tell me?!”


 “Exactly, it is the killer move that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used to create his path — Steal Dao!” Fang Di Chang answered.


 “No!” Dong Lu Chen growled, he turned to look at treasure moon oasis.


 Due to the killer move steal dao, the countless natural dao marks of treasure moon oasis became exposed, they were either long or short, most were lines that weaved together, forming some sort of mysterious shape. Some were like webs while others were like balls of thread, accumulating into a mountain.


 Dong Lu Chen tried to stop them but it was futile.


 He watched with a furious expression as these dao marks were all drawn into that theft path Immortal Gu House that Fang clan owned.


 This was the power of the killer move steal dao!


 By activating this move, one could directly steal dao marks.


 In the past, after creating this move, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable gathered enough foundation to trigger a qualitative change, officially establishing the new Gu path, theft path.



***
Chapter 1780 - Crime Scene


***





 Chapter 1780 Crime Scene 

 Fang clan’s assault shook the whole of Western Desert’s righteous path.


 Undeniably, steal dao was a powerful weapon, at once, the entirety of Western Desert’s righteous path forces were intimidated.


 Fang Yuan soon received word of this battle, the details were very specific, there was a video of the entire battle.


 This was naturally given to him by Fang clan.


 “Fang clan has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance!” Fang Yuan was quite shocked at this discovery.


 Fang Yuan soon thought of great thief Immortal Gu.


 He had obtained this Immortal Gu from Fang clan.


 According to rumors, Fang clan had obtained this great thief Immortal Gu by chance. A lone immortal who joined them had contributed it.


 “It seems that back then, Fang clan not only obtained great thief Immortal Gu, they also obtained clues to a Thieving Heaven true inheritance.”


 “The foundation of a super force, truly...”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Like Wu Yong’s Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Fang clan’s theft path Immortal Gu House as well as the killer move steal dao, these trump cards were all able to rapidly change the disadvantageous situation that they were facing.


 “Undeniably, this is a huge deterrence to the other clans. Fang clan’s situation is going to change because of this, it seems that in my previous life, this was the reason why the entire righteous path relented.”


 Steal dao could steal dao marks, once used, it could destroy a natural resource point.


 The main foundation of righteous path forces were these scattered resource points.


 Different from destroying these resource points, steal dao had an immediate effect, its effect could directly cripple the resource point without any way of recovering it!


 With Fang clan’s assault, Dong clan’s first supreme elder Dong Lu Chen remained unscathed but the entire treasure moon oasis was wiped from existence.


 If they truly forced Fang clan to use this method without restraint, which Western Desert righteous path force could handle their retaliation?


 Even a rank eight Gu Immortal like Dong Lu Chen could not do anything!


 Fang Yuan praised Fang Di Chang’s decision internally.


 He chose a strong enemy and attacked the location guarded by Dong Lu Chen.


 This was a strong deterrence to the other forces.


 At the same time, he did not go overboard.


 Treasure moon oasis was a mid sized resource point, it was not even a large resource point. It bore a special meaning to Dong Lu Chen because his beloved wife was buried there, so every year at a certain time, he would go there and mourn her death.


 As a result, Dong clan’s losses were not severe, while Dong Lu Chen was not particularly angry. Only the dao marks were lost, his wife’s grave was not touched at all.


 “They really had a good grasp of the situation! By making full use of this battle result, they not only deterred Western Desert’s righteous path, they also sought to intimidate me.”


 Fang Yuan held the information path mortal Gu in his hand as he laughed coldly.


 In this Gu, Fang Di Chang also mentioned the heavenly dew, he said: There should be very little heavenly dew lost from the battle, only about ten droplets. He asked Fang Yuan to look around, he might find the remaining twenty somewhere.


 Fang Yuan had taken thirty droplets earlier, he reported it to Fang clan as the loss from the battle, Ying Wu Xie had caused it when he attacked, in the future, production might also fall.


 This was just an excuse, both him and Fang clan knew the truth clearly.


 But Fang clan did not accommodate to this, they warned him in a subtle manner: Don’t go overboard, ten droplets is enough, hand over the remaining twenty!


 Heavenly dew was a rank eight immortal material after all, Fang clan did not want to give up this profit.


 Of course, they were also trying to suppress Fang Yuan. You had just joined us recently but already wants to keep some profits for yourself? Control yourself! Look at this battle, our Fang clan is still very strong, you should consider the gains and losses carefully!


 This was the true meaning of Fang Di Chang’s letter to Fang Yuan.


 Conversation among righteous path members was usually very implicit, it was not straightforward like the demonic path.


 “But the truth is, this shows how weak you are now.” Fang Yuan was crystal clear in his mind.


 In this battle, Fang clan did not use any other Immortal Gu House, it showed that during the battle of Divine Bean Palace, their Immortal Gu Houses were heavily damaged.


 Fang clan used the theft path Immortal Gu House that was clearly damaged. The steal dao killer move they used had rank eight power, but Fang Yuan could see that this move had a huge burden on the Immortal Gu House, it could not be used extensively.


 And it was not stable!


 If the killer move was stable and could be used often, Fang clan would have used it long ago, they would not have waited until now.


 Steal dao was the trump card of Fang clan, they did not want to use it but there was no choice.


 Very likely, Fang clan did not have the complete Thieving Heaven true inheritance, or maybe, they had not grasped it fully yet.


 Because Fang clan was most numerous in formation path Gu Immortals, they excelled in formation path, they were not familiar with theft path.


 Fang Yuan first replied to Fang Di Chang.


 In the letter, he wrote that he found the twenty droplets of heavenly dew, he had been too careless earlier.


 Next, a dark light flashed in his eyes: “It is time to take action personally.”


 Immortal killer move — Jade Flow Pearl!


 During this period, he had gained control of heavenly dew oasis’ formation, he even set up a formation inside this formation, not only could it create the illusion that he was inside defending the place, it could also conceal Fang Yuan’s actions.


 Jade flow pearl was also modified successfully, the activation speed was faster now and the aura leaked at the destination was smaller, it was not as eye-catching as before.


 Fang Yuan arrived at burning firefly desert, this place was filled with weird rocks and few plants, there was a type of insect that filled this place, called burning fireflies.


 There was an endless number of burning fireflies here, among them were a vast number of burning firefly Gu, from rank three to five.


 Burning firefly Gu was a type of fire path Gu, it was quite high grade, with rank three being the lowest, but it had never produced a rank six Gu before.


 This was a mid-sized resource point of Fang clan.


 Fang clan set up an immortal formation here as well, they used the burning firefly Gu to create a fire path environment to raise a lot of other fire path Gu worms here.


 A rank six Fang clan Gu Immortal was defending this place.


 Fang Yuan used familiar face to disguise himself, he directly attacked.


 He killed this Fang clan Gu Immortal and tossed the corpse, before destroying the formation and slaughtering all the Gu worms, the entire desert was turned into ruins before he left.


 Worth mentioning was that he used earth path methods.


 Within Lang Ya blessed land’s inventory, there were several earth path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan also had a large number of earth path killer moves.


 After doing all that, he returned to heavenly dew oasis.


 Over on Fang Di Chang’s end, he smiled after receiving Fang Yuan’s reply, but soon learned about the nightmare that his clan’s burning firefly desert was destroyed!


 In an instant, this Fang clan wisdom path great grandmaster was dazed.


 His joyful emotion was gone.


 A member of Fang clan died!


 Burning firefly desert was not important, the important thing was, Fang clan’s Gu Immortal died!


 All along, Fang clan had always lacked Gu Immortals, compared to the other Western Desert righteous path forces, they were disadvantaged. Only after bringing in Old Ghost Bai Jun, Eagle Concubine, and Suan Bu Jin recently did the situation change.


 But these three were outsiders, they did not have Fang clan bloodline, it was not the same.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortal died, even though they were just rank six, it was a severe loss to the whole of Fang clan!


 Fang Gong placed great importance on this, he quickly discussed the situation with Fang Di Chang.


 After a short conversation, Fang Gong stayed to guard the headquarters while Fang Di Chang went out to find the culprit at the scene of the crime in burning firefly desert.


 “The murderer killed our clan’s Gu Immortal!”


 “They even destroyed all of the desert’s resources.”


 “This is clearly not a crime of greed, this is totally an act of revenge!”


 Fang Di Chang used his wisdom path method, he surveyed the scene and quickly saw indications of the ruthless thoughts, hatred, and angry emotions of the culprit behind this incident.


 “Earth path method... is it Dong clan’s revenge?”


 Fang Di Chang thought of this as Dong clan specialized in earth path, but he soon shook his head.


 “If Dong clan did it, this is way too obvious, there must be other righteous path forces trying to take advantage of the situation.”


 “The situation is bad...”


 Fang Di Chang’s expression turned grim.


 He was a wisdom path great grandmaster, he had made many deductions regarding the consequences of using steal dao to intimidate the Western Desert righteous path forces.


 Among them was one possible situation, someone in Western Desert’s righteous path forces might want to provoke him but would not dare to do it publicly, they would hide behind the scenes and use some devious plan.


 Fang Yuan acted very cleanly, he only left behind the clues that he wanted them to find.


 There was another element, Fang clan lacked information path Gu Immortals, Fang Di Chang was a wisdom path immortal, he did not cultivate information path.


 If an information path Gu Immortal came here, they might be able to find some traces or evidence that lead to Fang Yuan.


 But Fang clan could not.


 Even if Fang clan invited an information path expert to help, they could not approach the other righteous path forces, that meant that there was little choice available. If they invited lone and demonic immortals, the person would need rank seven cultivation level.


 But as part of the righteous path, Fang clan did not have a good relationship with lone and demonic immortals.


 Even lone immortals with decent relationship or demonic immortals who have transactions with them secretly might not cultivate information path.


 Fang Di Chang did not find any valuable clues, when he returned to the headquarters, his expression was very dark.


 Western Desert’s righteous path soon got news of this.


 Immediately, a rank eight expert went to ask Dong Lu Chen.


 Dong Lu Chen heard this and became very stupefied!


 He breathed in deeply as he felt deep anger rising, he cursed internally: “Which bastard is trying to harm my Dong clan! Fang clan has steal dao, but they did not go overboard and target our giant resource points. Yet this bastard killed their Fang clan’s Gu Immortal, that is going too far. Damn it!”


 “This person used earth path methods and I am an earth path Gu Immortal, my Dong clan specializes in earth path too, they are trying to frame us! So devious and vicious, yet I cannot retort to them!”


 Dong Lu Chen could barely contain the anger and annoyance in his heart.


 He could not go around shouting that he was not the culprit.


 Firstly, nobody was publicly accusing him, even if they suspected him, wouldn’t he be showing weakness by declaring innocence?


 Earlier, Fang clan destroyed one of Dong clan’s mid sized resource points, if he shouted about his innocence now, wouldn’t it show that he was afraid of Fang clan?


 That would not only taint Dong Lu Chen’s reputation, the whole of Dong clan’s prestige would be affected.


 Thus, even though Dong Lu Chen hated Fang Yuan and wanted to declare his innocence, towards the rank eight expert who asked him, he could only snort: “This feels great (I am very angry)! But who did this to them? I will definitely give them a huge reward (tear them to shreds)!”[1]


 “Hehe.” The rank eight expert replied with a meaningful answer.


 Dong Lu Chen’s feelings felt even worse now.


 Hehe your mother!


 Am I having an easy time?


 My Dong clan’s territory is bordered with Fang clan, they were pushed aside so they attacked my clan to intimidate us all. This time, Fang clan’s Gu Immortal died, if they retaliate now, my Dong clan will face the greatest danger!


 [1] The bracketed words are his inner thoughts.



***
Chapter 1781 - Grasping Karma Divine Tree


***





 Chapter 1781 Grasping Karma Divine Tree 

 These days, Western Desert’s righteous path had been experiencing a strange atmosphere.


 On the surface, they were still creating a large number of slanders and rumors towards Fang clan.


 But the truth was, their suppression towards Fang clan became all noise and no action.


 After all, steal dao was already used, even rank eight Gu Immortals could not stop Fang clan from attacking forcefully.


 “Our attack on treasure moon oasis has already started to show effect.” Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were overjoyed.


 Fang Di Chang’s expression was ugly: “It is a pity, if the situation in burning firefly desert did not happen, it would be perfect. We have not found the culprit even now, it is truly a regret!”


 Even though Dong clan was the most suspicious, Fang Di Chang and Fang Gong were astute people, they did not want to take action yet.


 They had no evidence or reason to move, there was also a chance that this was a trap.


 Fang clan did not take action, but Dong clan had quite a commotion, these last days, Dong Lu Chen had been deploying people to strengthen their defenses against Fang clan.


 Dong Lu Chen did not have an easy time, he was quite fearful. He would not be surprised if news that Fang clan was attacking got out at the next moment!


 “Quickly investigate it, find the culprit and clear my Dong clan’s name!” Secretly, Dong Lu Chen was looking forward to Fang clan’s investigation results. But on the surface, he kept a tough stance, he constantly sought compensation from Fang clan for the matter in treasure moon oasis.


 Instead of taking revenge, they were only asking for compensation, it was already a clear attitude.


 The other Western Desert righteous path forces were also trying to guess who the culprit was.


 Most of their attention was placed on each other, because it was evident that if the plan to sow discord succeeds, the other righteous path forces would gain the most benefit.


 Among them, the most suspicious ones were the clans that bordered Fang clan, including Dong clan.


 Naturally, these super forces had huge mental pressure right now, they wanted Fang clan to find out the true culprit.


 Fang clan was searching for the culprit.


 But the truth was, they did not work hard on it, their actions were quite perfunctory!


 Fang clan’s true crisis was not the culprit behind burning firefly desert, but the suppression by the whole of Western Desert’s righteous path.


 Fang clan’s situation was quite awkward now.


 If they found out the actual culprit and it led to a certain righteous path force, would they exact revenge?


 They had to take revenge if they knew!


 Otherwise, Fang clan’s reputation would suffer deeply, and those rank six and seven Gu Immortals in Fang clan would not accept inaction.


 Gu Immortals were the higher-ups of a super force, if they died and the force did not safeguard or avenge them, what was the point of joining an organization? Would it be worth risking one’s life for them?


 But if they took revenge?


 Would they really go all out and fight a super force?


 Fang clan had steal dao, but other super forces also had their own trump cards!


 And most importantly, if two super forces fought each other seriously, the ones who benefited would not be themselves but other super forces instead.


 These last days, Fang Di Chang had calmed down already, he told Fang Gong about his viewpoint in secret: They should try to stall the investigation of the truth. The most important thing now was time, they needed to repair their three Immortal Gu Houses and refine Divine Bean Palace!


 As long as they got over this hurdle, Fang clan’s strength would rise, after that when they find the culprit, no matter which super force it was, they would have a good reason to find trouble with them and have enough strength to gain the maximum benefit.


 Fang Gong heard his analysis and agreed with it, he praised Fang Di Chang for his planning.


 Not long after, Fang Gong announced publicly: Fang clan would actively pursue the truth, they already had a lot of progress towards finding the culprit. Fang clan would not let any culprit off, but they would also not malign an innocent person.


 On the day of their announcement, Fang clan’s Gu Immortal sent Fang Yuan a large number of soul cores, among which was one rank eight immemorial soul core!


 In the previous life, when Fang Yuan extorted Fang clan, they only gave rank six and seven soul cores, there were no immemorial soul cores.


 “Evidently, Fang clan is trying to appease me.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly in his mind.


 Earlier, Fang Di Chang warned him and ordered Fang Yuan to hand over twenty drops of heavenly dew. If the matter in burning firefly desert did not occur, that would have been the end.


 But after the murder case in burning firefly desert, Fang clan’s intimidation plan was much less effective, Western Desert’s righteous path was still full of undercurrents. Everyone was guessing which side would make a move next, everyone had a desire to take action.


 Thus, Fang clan needed to ensure that Fang Yuan, who had rank seven battle strength, was still on their side.


 But they could not return the twenty drops of heavenly dew, Fang Di Chang could not go back on that order.


 Thus, they used an immemorial soul core to compensate and appease him.


 Fang Yuan took a risk to attack burning firefly desert, this was the result he wanted.


 Fang Yuan did not want to see Fang clan in a stable position.


 If Fang clan became stable, they would not need him, he could not make use of them anymore, the development of green ghost desert would become very slow, they would not put in effort.


 But now, Fang clan was actually gifting Fang Yuan an immemorial soul core.


 Additionally, Fang Yuan needed Western Desert’s righteous path to draw the attention of Fang Di Chang and the rest. If they had an easy time, Fang Di Chang would be able to pay attention to Fang Yuan, he might be able to sense something amiss.


 Speaking of which, Fang clan was quite unlucky.


 In the previous life, because of Fang Yuan’s absence, they got through the crisis and intimidated Western Desert’s righteous path, eventually cooperating and coming up with a certain agreement.


 But now, because they took in Fang Yuan, this traitor with ill intentions was causing their situation to become unstable.


 For the following days, Fang Yuan cultivated quietly in heavenly dew oasis.


 Over at green ghost desert, Ying Wu Xie made use of Soul Beast Token to develop rapidly.


 As for Fang clan, they were still using the soul cores in their inventory to provide for Fang Yuan as per the agreement.


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, the land spirits and variant humans were all working hard.


 Under the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan’s time path clone made deductions almost all the time without rest.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 Above Fang Yuan’s head, a lump of green smoke appeared, it turned into a tiny thin tree, there were few branches on it and the two to three fruits that were hanging on them looked malnourished.


 If Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals saw this, they would be shocked and overflowing with fury.


 Karma divine tree was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s signature method, to think that it would end up in the hands of this demon Fang Yuan!


 After Fang Yuan killed Chen Yi, the Gu worms in the phantom aperture were destroyed, he only obtained Chen Yi’s soul and corpse.


 After searching his soul, Fang Yuan obtained two Genesis Lotus true inheritances, they were karma divine tree and karma relocation.


 With the original killer move, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom to modify and create the rank six level karma divine tree killer move, using rank seven mature bamboo Immortal Gu as the core along with other rank six wood path Immortal Gu.


 Because he lacked the core rule path Immortal Gu ‘Cause’, and the core wood path Immortal Gu ‘Effect[1]’, Fang Yuan had to use a vast number of mortal Gu as replacement.


 But because of that, the steps became complex, he had to spend a lot of effort on it, karma divine tree took longer to activate and it could not be used in actual battle.


 “It is a pity my wood path attainment level is still ordinary, I have not even reached master level.”


 “And even though mature bamboo Immortal Gu is wood path, it is not appropriate as the core of karma divine tree.”


 “According to biological studies on Earth, bamboos are a type of grass and not trees[2].”


 Thus, the core was rank seven but this killer move was only rank six after activation.


 Fang Yuan recalled how Chen Yi used karma divine tree, he had a grand aura. Once he unleashed karma divine tree, he was simply inexhaustible!


 Even though it focused on defense, being on the same level as reverse flow protection seal and verdant sun flame cloak, it was more comprehensive and had greater potential, it could be used in other aspects like offense, movement, or healing.


 Karma relocation was a movement method developed on the basis of karma divine tree. However, it did not target the Gu Immortal themselves, but others around him like Gu Immortals, plants, beasts, or killer moves.


 It was, after all, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s creation, it was incredibly powerful.


 Fang Yuan was far from recreating this killer move’s true power.


 Karma divine tree was still in its initial stage, but Fang Yuan gained a new wood path killer move that was quite useful.


 This move was named mature bamboo chest, it was a rank seven wood path killer move, using mature bamboo Immortal Gu as the core but having wisdom path effect.


 After activating this killer move, there would be a jade light permeating from Fang Yuan’s chest.


 When Fang Yuan uses immortal essence to deduce a certain matter, if he succeeds in the deduction, a dark green bamboo forest tattoo would appear on his chest.


 Fang Yuan had already grasped the strengths and weaknesses of the killer move mature bamboo chest.


 This move excelled at deducing one single matter from start to finish, that was its strength.


 The sign of success would be the bamboo forest tattoo on his chest.


 But if the deduction does not succeed, if he lacks immortal essence or gets distracted for other reasons, mature bamboo chest would fail, that was its weakness.


 And because the killer move fails, the Gu Immortal would suffer backlash.


 Fang Yuan had purposely tested it.


 The jade light permeating from his chest and the half completed bamboo forest tattoo faded away as Fang Yuan’s soul and body suffered injuries.


 His mind was intact.


 After all, this was not a pure wisdom path killer move, it was wood path.


 Thus, when using mature bamboo chest to deduce a target, the range could not be too large, otherwise, the killer move would fail and the user would be injured.


 Other than mature bamboo chest, Fang Yuan also gained a new killer move that had the same situation.


 It was luck path killer move — Luck Plan Strategy.


 This move used rank six Immortal Gu Luck Plan as the core, it belonged to luck path but had wisdom path effect.


 Luck plan Immortal Gu’s power was to make deductions on how to optimize the use of the Gu Immortal’s resources.


 The killer move luck plan strategy was specialized in making battle tactics.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals cultivated one path, they rarely took on a second path. Thus, there were many killer moves of these sorts which mimicked the effects of other paths.


 But they created these killer moves while having limited foundation in the path they mimicked, even though they were strong, they could be easily countered and the weaknesses were obvious.


 Compared to actual wisdom path methods, they were less useful.


 [1] Karma is also split into cause and effect. Effect has the same character as fruit so it’s a pun in this case.


 [2] This is indeed a fact.



***
Chapter 1782 - Comprehending Venerable True Inheritances


***





 Chapter 1782 Comprehending Venerable True Inheritances 

 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods were plentiful, he did not need mature bamboo chest and luck plan strategy, he only practised these moves to increase his understanding of the Genesis Lotus true inheritances and Giant Sun’s true inheritance.


 These last days, Fang Yuan’s main body had been researching on Genesis Lotus’ true inheritances, Giant Sun’s true inheritance, and Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had already fully grasped Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path true inheritance, it was easy to understand with his quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level.


 Regarding the Genesis Lotus true inheritances, Fang Yuan had already started by creating the rank six karma divine tree killer move.


 But because he lacked wood path Immortal Gu and wood path attainment level, Fang Yuan did not overly invest into it.


 He placed his focus on Giant Sun’s true inheritance and Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 The former was self luck true inheritance from one of Giant Sun’s three true inheritances, it allowed Fang Yuan to control his own luck.


 The core of the latter Thieving Heaven true inheritance was rank eight Immortal Gu Steal Life, it involved the method to unseal steal life Immortal Gu.


 Of course, both also detailed the fundamental cultivation of luck path and theft path, especially the two venerables’ understanding of the paths they created, Fang Yuan benefited greatly from it.


 “What was luck?” At the introduction of Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked this question.


 Next, he answered himself: “To discuss luck, one must talk about fate!”


 Before Red Lotus Demon Venerable, there was no luck path.


 After Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu, a peculiar change happened to the world.


 People first discovered luck path from a certain component of their human qi — luck.


 Because heaven, earth, and human qi needed to be balanced to become a Gu Immortal, the more human qi a Gu Master accumulated, the higher the grade of their immortal aperture after they succeeded in the immortal ascension.


 Therefore, by placing importance on human qi, people started to research on luck.


 Soon, they found some traits of this luck.


 After fate Gu got damaged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, the paths of all beings were no longer fixed and constant, changes could occur to a certain limit.


 People found out that luck and this deviation from fate had a profound but direct relation.


 But what was the connection?


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable described his own viewpoint: “Fate is constant while luck is variable!”


 For a normal person, what was good luck?


 Good luck was a positive variable for oneself.


 And what was bad luck?


 Bad luck was a negative variable for oneself.


 Within a person’s human qi, if their luck was good, then this person would likely benefit.


 Within a person’s human qi, if their luck was bad, then this person would likely experience loss.


 But regardless of good or bad luck, they were not part of fate.


 Fate was a constant, it was fixed, it would inevitably be experienced. But luck was a variable, it was merely a probability, the actual outcome would only be decided after factoring in all the other possible influences.


 If a person had bad luck but also had great strength and wisdom to turn the situation around, they could still achieve their goals or motives.


 If a person had good luck but was stupid and weak, unable to make use of the opportunity, they would still fail.


 Afterwards, Giant Sun’s self luck true inheritance talked about the sizes, colors, and shapes of the different types of luck.


 Some people had a lot of luck, some had very little.


 Normally speaking, the higher your cultivation level and the deeper your foundation, the greater your luck.


 The seven main colors of luck were black, grey, white, red, gold, azure, purple. But there were also uncommon colors like pink or blood red.


 Luck had all sorts of shapes and sizes, it varied greatly and could be very strange. Normal people usually had common or ordinary shapes, while geniuses or champions would have greater luck that came in much rarer appearances.


 For example, Fang Yuan once had the black coffin luck, his luck was black as ink, it gathered and formed a huge coffin shape, completely covering his body, it emitted a dense death energy filled with thick misfortune.


 Or for example, when he observed Zheng Shan Chuan at the Refinement Path Convention, that person had rainbow luck that was incredibly dazzling, he stood out very clearly.


 As for Hong Yi, Ye Fan, and Han Li, these people had special types of luck too.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind the self luck true inheritance, it had the ability to target one’s own luck, allowing one to alter its size, shape, and color!


 For example, if one wanted better fortune with the opposite sex, they could create peach blossom luck.


 If they wanted cultivation resources like primeval stones, they could create wealth luck.


 Or if they had bad luck on them, they could use a series of methods to change it.


 ...


 Giant Sun’s self luck true inheritance was very comprehensive, while Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance was very simple and short.


 “Theft path is not about gaining without effort, it is the path of greatest efficiency!”


 “Gu Masters and Gu Immortals want to obtain Gu worms and Immortal Gu, be it Gu refinement, transactions, or loot, these methods have high costs and risks.”


 “Theft path targets Gu worms and steals them, one can save costs and reduce the risks, raising their efficiency!”


 And what was the essence of Gu worms?


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth.


 Stealing Gu worms was akin to stealing dao mark fragments.


 Therefore, the killer move steal dao was created.


 There was also steal life Immortal Gu, the manifestation of lifespan was simply a type of dao marks in the person’s body. Steal life Immortal Gu could steal those relevant dao marks and reduce a person’s lifespan.


 “Don’t think that theft path is shameless or vicious.”


 “Many things can be looked at with another perspective.”


 “Steal a hook and they hang you, steal the whole country and they make you a prince! Any clan or sect makes their members contribute towards the organization, this is an open form of thievery but is taken for granted.”


 “For example, Heavenly Court makes members who join contribute their immortal apertures, they are basically handing over their entire life’s cultivation gains. In terms of theft path, this is Heavenly Court stealing the cultivation gains of Gu Immortals. But people think of it as a form of glory, they would die to have this chance.”


 “Weak mortals are also able to steal the cultivation gains of Gu Immortals, that is shown by the true inheritances left by all the different Gu Immortals. But this world treats that as a norm, it is the culture.”


 “Thievery is merely the most efficient way of gaining something. Creating an organization and making rules, making up honor or using emotions and culture, these are all theft path methods.”


 “The most powerful theft path method is — assimilation.”


 “When grotto-heavens or blessed lands get destroyed, the winds of assimilation will blow and turn everything into nothingness, the dao marks in the immortal apertures would be assimilated and absorbed by this heaven and earth.”


 “The greatest thief is this world itself!”


 “It steals the cultivation gains of countless generations of peerless geniuses, it accumulates more and more dao marks, or even produces new types of dao marks. It stole me from another world, making me an otherworldly demon. It steals the lifespan of myriad beings, it ensures the death of all lifeforms in this world.”


 “The theft path I created imitates heaven and earth! Using the most efficient method to gather benefits and strengthen oneself...”


 After taking a look, Fang Yuan felt his horizons broadening, his image of theft path had completely changed from before.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had a different mindset than others, he was not orthodox but he peered into the truth. He used the mentality of theft path to comprehend this world!


 He had a grand vision, he carried his unique trait as an otherworldly demon.


 Gu Masters cultivate, they nurture, use, and refine Gu worms, they manage their immortal aperture, they increase the attainment level of their own paths, they were simply understanding themselves and comprehending this heaven and earth.


 Every path had a different understanding of the world and themselves from different perspectives.


 “Steal life Immortal Gu is the first Immortal Gu in my life, I did not refine it myself.”


 “The more I used it, the more I understood, in the end, I put some arrangements on steal life Immortal Gu.”


 “Using steal life Immortal Gu normally would steal the lifespan of others, and with the killer move I created, it can increase one’s own lifespan. Of course, it had its flaws, it is inferior to lifespan Gu.”


 “Using steal life Immortal Gu in reverse would give the user’s lifespan to another target. This looks foolish but it has its own profundity. That is also the deepest essence of this true inheritance.”


 “Inheritor, if you are blessed enough to reach this step, you will be able to remove my method on steal life Immortal Gu and obtain the information of another corresponding true inheritance.”


 These were the final words of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a long time after reading it.


 Even though he had theft path great grandmaster attainment level, he still found difficulty in comprehending the words of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Using steal life Immortal Gu in reverse?


 Fang Yuan shook his head, he was not confident in comprehending this mystery.


 According to his deductions, he needed at least quasi-supreme theft path attainment level to be able to understand it.


 Before that, if he tried to use steal life Immortal Gu in reverse, he would simply be cutting his own lifespan.


 “Furthermore, I need to use this steal life Immortal Gu to deal with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.”


 “Ignoring anything else, Duke Long is especially countered by steal life Immortal Gu!”


 Even if Fang Yuan used the final two opportunities and destroyed steal life Immortal Gu, he still had Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, it contained the recipe of rank eight steal life Immortal Gu.


 “Even if I use up the two chances, I can still refine a new one in the future.”


 “But...”


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, the arrangements that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left on steal life Immortal Gu were very valuable. If he could understand Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and comprehend the core essence of this true inheritance, Fang Yuan’s gains would be much greater than now.


 While Fang Yuan was cultivating diligently, after the leaders of Southern Border’s righteous path had gone through intense negotiation and discussion, they finally reached an agreement.


 “We need to kill Fang Yuan, he is too lawless, last time he disguised as Wu Yi Hai, now, he directly showed up and harmed our benefits.”


 “The contest in the Earth Trenches is our internal conflict, this Fang Yuan is an outsider, against him, we need to unite!”


 “But we need to be careful! Even though Fang Yuan only has rank seven cultivation level, he is too devious and has a deep foundation, we cannot look at him as a normal person.”


 “That’s right, especially after he defended against Heavenly Court’s attack, now that he annexed Lang Ya blessed land, I’m afraid he has gained the subordination of all the variant human Gu Immortals. Along with the Shadow Sect remnant forces that he took in... I need to remind everyone that Fang Yuan is not a lone person, he is a super force!”


 “One rank eight Gu Immortal leading the group is not enough, to play safe, we should send two.”


 “Hmm, isn’t that making a mountain out of a molehill?”


 “I agree to it.”


 “I agree.”


 “My Ba clan has no objections.”


 “On the surface, Lady Xia Cha should lead them. The other expert should conceal his identity and mix within the group, striking at the crucial moment.”


 “Good idea.”


 “I agree.”


 “I agree.”


 ...


 Different from the previous life, because Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land and defeated Heavenly Court, Southern Border’s righteous path felt a greater threat this time.


 They did not just send Xia Cha, they also sent a second rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had no idea that this was happening.



***
Chapter 1783 - Second Ambush Battle


***





 Chapter 1783 Second Ambush Battle 

 The newest information was sent to Chi Qu You, he stood at the window as he stared at the mountain outside.


 “Oh? They trapped Fang Yuan already? It seems that he cannot escape this time.” Chi Qu You’s gaze flickered.


 “Fang Yuan actually tried to undergo tribulation in Southern Border and left clues behind. Even if he wants to advance to rank eight, this is too reckless.”


 “But it cannot be helped... he managed to force Heavenly Court to retreat and even made transactions with me, the journey was too smooth, he became overconfident and started to look down on my Southern Border’s righteous path.”


 Chi Qu You felt that Fang Yuan was able to remain free because of his devious and cunning actions, he had always been on the move and did not face a super force head on. He often escaped the moment the situation turned bad.


 This time, Southern Border’s righteous path colluded in a secretive manner, on the surface, they showed a calm demeanor, there were no suspicions about them, they even had wisdom path Gu Immortals to conceal and defend against deductions.


 “And there is that Lu Wei Yin, if he did not join the alliance, our Southern Border righteous path might not have caught Fang Yuan so quickly. Worthy of Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he could actually find Fang Yuan’s location from the earth qi of his tribulation, he is truly impressive.”


 Chi Qu You sighed internally.


 Lu Wei Yin interfered and caused the situation in Southern Border’s righteous path to become even more complex.


 This time, Southern Border’s righteous path pursued Fang Yuan, there were three rank eights including Lu Wei Yin, the probability of success was high.


 If they succeeded, Lu Wei Yin’s reputation would rise sharply, he would definitely become someone that they would need to place great importance on.


 Actually, Lu Wei Yin had already interacted with all the Southern Border righteous path forces before this, in one way or another.


 His Southern Border paradise was the gathering spot of many Southern Border variant humans, he had taken in many variant humans who had their homes destroyed by humans.


 These variant humans lived peacefully in the paradise, according to reliable information, many of these variant humans had already become Gu Immortals.


 This made Southern Border’s humans very unhappy and worried, but because Lu Wei Yin was Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he carried on the will and aspiration of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path could not find him for trouble.


 All along, Lu Wei Yin had been pushed aside by Southern Border’s righteous path, that was a tacit agreement by everyone.


 But recently, Lu Wei Yin had often shown up and even kept a high profile as he volunteered to find Fang Yuan. If this succeeded, his efforts would not be in vain, he would gain some authority in Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Chi Qu You did not think well of Fang Yuan’s predicaments.


 Even though he resisted Heavenly Court’s invasion of Lang Ya blessed land, everyone thought that this was because Heavenly Court underestimated Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation.


 And most importantly, Heavenly Court did not expose the fact that Thunder Ghost True Monarch and Chen Yi had died in there.


 This made Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals feel a sense of confidence.


 Their confidence was not without reason.


 They had once pursued Fang Yuan and made him escape from Southern Border like a beaten dog after all. If not for Feng Jiu Ge’s interference, he would have died already.


 Chi Qu You was more worried and wary of Lu Wei Yin, he had already started to think about how he would deal with this Paradise Earth inheritor in the future.


 As for Fang Yuan?


 Chi Qu You felt a little regret.


 Regardless of whether he lives or dies, as long as he ends up in Southern Border righteous path’s hands, Fang Yuan’s and Chi Qu You’s transactions would stop.


 This went against Chi clan’s benefits!


 Thus, Chi Qu You felt regret.


 Even though Fang Yuan had once attacked Chi clan’s resource points and caused them to lose resources, Chi Qu You did not feel any grudge towards it.


 In his opinion, the dream path research results that he obtained were enough to make up for these losses.


 Chi Qu You was not afraid that Fang Yuan would target him afterwards.


 Like what he analyzed earlier, even if Fang Yuan took out strong evidences that could not be denied, it was just Chi Qu You’s and Fang Yuan’s transaction.


 With Chi clan’s size and foundation, they would lose a little territory, but their roots would be unshaken.


 But if Chi Qu You informed Fang Yuan about the actions of Southern Border’s righteous path, that would be a different story.


 He would be a traitor!


 If he was exposed, even with rank eight cultivation level, Chi Qu You and Chi clan would face the combined attack of the entire righteous path, the clan might even be wiped out.


 As a righteous path leader, Chi Qu You had a strong understanding of his position in this situation.


 He would not make such a mistake.


 If he told Fang Yuan about it, regardless of whether he gets captured, the demon Fang Yuan would gain the evidence of Chi Qu You being a traitor.


 And furthermore, he and Fang Yuan were just making use of each other, they were not close enough for him to take such risks and tell him about the plan while sacrificing Chi clan.


 Chi Qu You felt a little worry.


 “If Fang Yuan gets captured, I hope he will not expose his dream path research results, our Chi clan needs sufficient time to develop.”


 “To speak the truth, Fang Yuan is a true talent. It is a pity that he is going to end up like this... if he could grow fully, in the future, the five regions would become more interesting.”


 Someone of high status would definitely have extraordinary vision.


 Chi Qu You truly felt, towards the pitiful ending that Fang Yuan was going to end up in, that it was quite a pity.


 At the same time, somewhere in Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan was surrounded by Southern Border Gu Immortals, they had overwhelming aura and morale.


 The leader was an old woman, it was the time path rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha, she smiled coldly at Fang Yuan: “Scoundrel Fang Yuan, you have finally fallen into my hands.”


 Fang Yuan looked at her as he thought: “The same lines all over again. According to my memories, he is going to laugh next.”


 Fang Yuan looked away from Xia Cha.


 As expected, at the next moment, standing beside Xia Cha, Shang clan Gu Immortal Shang Hu Zhang started to laugh: “Lord Lu Wei Yin, he is truly incredible, we found this demon at last!”


 (Fang Yuan: The same lines as expected, but his smile is more exaggerated than last time. He is sucking up to Lu Wei Yin publicly, is it because Shang clan has taken interest in the goods of the variant humans in his paradise?)


 “Kill, kill this demon, take revenge for our Southern Border righteous path!” Tie Qu Zhong said loudly with deep killing intent.


 (Fang Yuan: Oh, someone finally changed his lines, but there is barely any difference.)


 “We finally caught Fang Yuan.” Liu Hao thought to himself. He was Heavenly Court’s spy, he had fixed space Immortal Gu, it was ready to activate in his immortal aperture, once Fang Yuan shows any sign of using Fixed Immortal Travel, he would activate the immortal killer move that used fixed space Immortal Gu as the core!


 Liu Hao was more nervous now compared to the previous life.


 Because in the previous life, he only had to activate fixed space Immortal Gu, but now, because Fang Yuan had the killer move jade flow pearl, he could not use fixed space Immortal Gu alone to counter Fang Yuan, he needed to use an immortal killer move.


 Heavenly Court did not lack these killer moves of course, even if they did, Fairy Zi Wei could modify them.


 Liu Hao was nervous because he was not familiar with this immortal killer move yet, if he used it in battle, there was a chance of failure.


 If his activation fails, he would let down Heavenly Court, that would be embarrassing!


 “Don’t worry, I am here.” At this moment, a rank seven Gu Immortal transmitted to him.


 Liu Hao glanced at him.


 “Don’t look at me!” Immediately, the rank seven Gu Immortal shouted coldly.


 Liu Hao mentally rolled his eyes, this person was the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal, Ba Shi Ba, who had disguised his cultivation level and appearance!


 “With this person around, we will have three rank eights on our side. This battle is not inside Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan has no formation to help him... If we fight, I will have a lot of chances of using my killer move calmly.” Liu Hao analyzed as the worry in his heart lifted by a lot.


 However, at the next moment.


 Boom!


 The formation activated, all of the Southern Border Gu Immortals surrounding Fang Yuan were enveloped in it.


 “What the!” Liu Hao’s eyes were about to pop out, he wanted to scream: “Why is there a formation here?!”


 Within the formation, heaven and earth were fused as once, this was an area of blue space.


 The Southern Border immortals’ expressions changed.


 “This is a trap!” Someone shouted.


 Lu Wei Yin was silent, while Xia Cha’s gaze became increasingly cold, she stared at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 “Stay calm! We have strength in numbers, what can Fang Yuan alone do?”


 “That’s right, we have Lady Xia Cha and Lord Lu Wei Yin, we are not afraid of his immortal battlefield!”


 Liu Hao was stunned: “That’s right! How can an immortal formation be set up so easily? It activated so quickly, this is likely an immortal battlefield. But Fang Yuan is quite foolish, after using an immortal battlefield, he can’t escape himself.”


 Southern Border’s immortals were astute figures, they soon calmed down and regained their morale.


 At this time, Lu Wei Yin spoke: “This is not an immortal battlefield, it is a super immortal formation.”


 “Time path formation.” Xia Cha added.


 (Liu Hao’s lips twitched: After so much talk, this was still an immortal formation!)


 “Both of you are very perceptive.” Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded, before waving his sleeves.


 The gates were shut, it was time to let out the dogs, wait no, let out the year beasts!


 Howl! Howl! Howl! Howl! Growl!


 A huge spiral formed from nothingness as countless year beasts charged out like a rushing tide.


 These year beasts were of various forms, including monkey, snake, dragon, and tiger, they were all at least desolate beasts and even quite a few ancient desolate beasts among them.


 But Fang Yuan had disappeared.


 Wild year beasts did not have high intelligence, they soon directed their savage gazes towards the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they charged ahead.


 “Kill them all.” Xia Cha said indifferently.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed.


 The Southern Border immortals turned around and started to fight these year beasts!


 Liu Hao waved his sleeves as countless flying blades shot out, slicing year beasts into pieces wherever they hit.


 (Fang Yuan stood at a formation core as he analyzed: This Heavenly Court traitor is around indeed, I did not waste my effort in reducing the ink effect. Fixed space Gu should be in your hands?)


 Liu Hao fought as he thought to himself: “It seems that there is a tributary of the River of Time here, Fang Yuan is trying the same method again, he used a similar formation back when he fought Feng Jiu Ge, the resemblance is uncanny! But strange, why do I have such a weird feeling about this?”



***
Chapter 1784 - Ba Shi Ba’s Restrain


***





 Chapter 1784 Ba Shi Ba“s Restrain 

 “Kill!” Ba clan’s Gu Immortal shouted as his body inflated to a giant size, he stomped, blood splattered, he had directly stomped an ancient year beast to death. Whoosh! Puff! A great fire spread out and set dozens of year beasts on fire, Chai clan’s Gu Immortal was bathed in flames, resembling a divine general.


 Fang Yuan remembered this person, in the previous life, this person had a decently developed fire path immortal aperture, he had several majestic volcanoes, it was quite valuable.


 Tie Qu Zhong was silent, his hands moved rapidly as golden light shot out with immense sharpness, splitting year beasts into halves easily like tofu.


 Fang Yuan thought of the edge Gu in Tie Qu Zhong’s hands, it was one of the core Gu of time cutting edge, in the previous life, he had obtained it through great thief ghost hand. This depended on luck, it was not reliable. He had to be careful in this life.


 “Demon Fang Yuan, we have to thank you for such a huge amount of wealth. Hahaha!” Shang Hu Zhang laughed as he used his wood path killer move, trapping the surrounding year beasts and keeping them in his immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan was very calm, it did not matter how many of them Shang Hu Zhang took, in a moment’s time, even Shang Hu Zhang himself would belong to Fang Yuan.


 Howl...


 Year beasts continued to stream into the formation, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were fighting against them tirelessly, but the year beasts just kept coming!


 “Why are there so many?!”


 “This demon Fang Yuan is trying to waste our energy!”


 “Breaking apart this formation is the way to victory.”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals conversed, they could tell what this battle was about. But they had no way of diverting themselves to do that.


 Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha were the most likely people to break the formation.


 Roar—!


 At this time, the spiral suddenly expanded drastically as an arrogant year beast stepped into the battlefield.


 Fang Yuan was slightly shocked: “Oh, I summoned an immemorial year tiger. It seems even stronger than the immemorial year chicken that I summoned last time. Hmm... is it because I used the self luck true inheritance to increase my personal luck?”


 The Southern Border immortals’ expressions changed.


 “An immemorial year beast!”


 “This formation could summon immemorial year beasts, as expected.”


 “What formation is this? It is so vicious! Quickly destroy it!”


 Lu Wei Yin wanted to take action but Tie Qu Zhong stood up: “Let us deal with it, both rank eights need to break open this formation, that is the wisest move!”


 “Or maybe I should do something?” Ba Shi Ba transmitted.


 “No, now is not the time yet, Brother Ba, wait first.” Xia Cha transmitted and urged restraint.


 Ba Shi Ba thought to himself, that was not wrong, this was merely an immemorial year tiger, they had two rank eights on the surface, this was not a problem, he continued to conceal himself.


 Tie Qu Zhong and several Southern Border rank seven experts faced off against the immemorial year tiger. They were powerful rank seven Gu Immortals after all, by working together, they had quite the strength, but after fighting, they quickly fell into a disadvantage.


 In the previous life, they fought against the immemorial year chicken that Fang Yuan summoned, they were evenly matched.


 But now, Fang Yuan summoned a much stronger immemorial year tiger.


 Tie Qu Zhong had an ashen expression, he was stunned in his heart: “This is truly strength at rank eight, it is very impressive! To think I actually wanted to challenge such power...”


 “There is a formation core here.” Suddenly, Xia Cha’s eyes flashed as she pointed her finger, the rank eight killer move activated, mysterious light shot out, causing a huge sound. The formation shook thrice before it stabilized.


 The Southern Border immortals were overjoyed, there was a formation core indeed, Xia Cha destroyed it according to everyone’s expectations.


 Next, the formation core was destroyed, a second spiral entrance appeared as large numbers of year beasts rushed in.


 The Southern Border immortals’ joyful expressions vanished.


 Howl!


 With a loud roar, an immemorial year dragon jumped into the battlefield.


 The immortals’ expressions changed again, this was the second immemorial desolate beast!


 “It is my turn now.” Ba Shi Ba wanted to move.


 “Don’t be anxious, Ba Shi Ba, let me do it.” Lu Wei Yin transmitted as he moved for the first time, he made a grabbing motion with one hand, a huge yellow hand formed and grasped the immemorial year dragon, preventing it from escaping despite its struggles.


 Lu Wei Yin was indeed Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he managed to subdue a fierce immemorial year tiger in one move in the previous life. Now, he was able to capture an immemorial year dragon similarly. Even though he had no attacking methods, this move was unfathomable and made people feel great admiration towards him.


 The Southern Border immortals had a surge of morale, while Shadow Sect’s members and the variant human Gu Immortals had dark expressions.


 The might of rank eight was truly intimidating.


 Fang Yuan thought about the final battle in his previous life, because Lu Wei Yin had immense battle strength, he was a huge obstruction to Fang Yuan’s side. Right now, Lu Wei Yin had not even displayed half of his full strength, even so, he was already one of the strongest rank eights out there.


 Hiss hiss hiss...


 An immemorial year snake dragged its thick and long body while hissing as it slithered out of the spiral entrance, entering the battlefield.


 A third immemorial year beast!


 Caw caw caw!


 An immemorial year chicken came out with an arrogant attitude and raised neck.


 A fourth immemorial year beast!


 With two immemorial year beasts entering the battle at once, the Southern Border immortals’ faces turned pale.


 This immemorial year snake was not easy to deal with, it was huge and had a greater aura than the first two. The fourth immemorial year chicken even had the aura of wild Immortal Gu on it, it was much more dangerous.


 After the two immemorial year beasts appeared, a vast number of year beasts surged out of the spiral like a raging tsunami.


 Both sides engaged in fierce combat, Gu Immortals used their wisdom and killer moves as they cooperated, while the year beasts were unintelligent and fought with brute strength, but they had advantage in numbers.


 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were all guarding the formation cores, watching the huge fight between them.


 “This damned formation, we must destroy it for a chance of victory!”


 “Actually, as long as we destroy a portion of it, we will be able to send out information and get reinforcements from our righteous path allies.”


 “This time path formation is truly profound...” Xia Cha frowned, after finding the first formation core, she could not find the second one.


 “The formation is complete and flawless. My formation path attainment is too low, maybe I should go all out and make this formation unable to handle the attack, I can create a flaw myself!” Xia Cha’s killing intent surged.


 Lu Wei Yin could sense Xia Cha’s intention as he quickly urged: “Don’t fall into the demon’s trap. This Fang Yuan is very devious, even Heavenly Court cannot capture him. Shadow Sect had obtained Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage before, even though it was destroyed, many of the Immortal Gu were left in their hands. If you attack with your full strength, you might fall into Fang Yuan’s trap, he would use it against you.”


 Xia Cha hesitated, but the immemorial year chicken approached her quickly.


 “A mere beast.” Xia Cha laughed from anger, aura of many Gu worms burst out of her body, forming into an immortal killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Scissors!


 A pair of scissors that was jade green in color and large as an elephant flew towards the immemorial year chicken’s neck and clipped.


 The immemorial year chicken could not rival her, after getting heavily injured from the scissors, it quickly fell into a disadvantage.


 Xia Cha displayed shocking battle strength that was not lower than Heavenly Court’s members. Right before the immemorial year chicken was about to die at Xia Cha’s hands, suddenly, Fang Yuan activated the formation.


 The heavily injured immemorial year chicken vanished on the spot.


 “Submit to me.” Behind the scenes, Fang Yuan targeted this weakened immemorial year chicken as he used his overbearing enslavement path method, like what happened in the previous life, he succeeded in capturing this beast.


 Ever since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been collecting immemorial year beasts.


 His plan was to gather twelve different immemorial year beasts, even though there would be many immemorial year chickens in the River of Time next year, this immemorial year chicken had superior battle strength, he did not want to lose it.


 Fang Yuan used the strength of the Southern Border immortals to weaken the immemorial year beast and enslave it forcefully.


 Xia Cha’s expression turned dark, but she smiled: “You finally exposed a flaw, so what if you get a few immemorial year beasts?”


 Fang Yuan teleported the immemorial year chicken away, it allowed Xia Cha to comprehend more of the formation.


 As expected, not long after, she found the second formation core and destroyed it.


 The Southern Border immortals started to cheer, but at the next moment, the formation core that was destroyed turned into a spiral entrance.


 On the battlefield, there was a new entrance that transported more year beasts inside.


 “How can this be?” The Southern Border immortals were stunned.


 “There is no choice, I need to show up now and make my move!” Ba Shi Ba transmitted.


 Xia Cha and Lu Wei Yin continued to urge him to lay low.


 “No rush, we are already at this step, you should continue to wait.”


 “We need to probe this entire formation, you need to act at the crucial moment, let Fang Yuan miscalculate and expose a weakness!”


 Ba Shi Ba was silent for a moment before replying reluctantly: “Fine.”


 The battle continued.


 Many Southern Border immortals were already injured.


 They were about to puke from killing these year beasts, the killer moves prepared for Fang Yuan and the cooperation between Gu Immortals were all used on these year beasts, they were truly helpless and tired beyond belief.


 And the killing of year beasts was simply never going to end, they kept coming.


 Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha resisted the immemorial year beasts, even though they faced huge pressure consistently, they persevered.


 Thanks to them, Fang Yuan enslaved more immemorial year beasts.


 But the quantity was much smaller than the previous life.


 Fang Yuan enslaved the immemorial year beasts that were stronger than the ones in his previous life, he only chose the elites among these beasts.


 The main reason was that his soul cultivation was much lower than the previous life, he could not enslave too many of them.


 Southern Border’s side was making huge progress.


 Xia Cha destroyed two more formation cores, these two formation cores turned into spiral entrances and the year beasts that charged in became even more threatening to the Southern Border immortals.


 A cold light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes: “In the previous life, my years flow execution formation only had three spiral entrances at most, but after my modifications this life, it can sustain a maximum of five.”


 “It is about time.”


 “In the previous life, the battle lasted two days and one night, this time, there were even more year beasts, even though it has only been one day and night, the Southern Border immortals have had even greater expenditure than in the previous life.”


 “Everyone, cooperate with me, activate the formation’s strongest method!” Fang Yuan suddenly transmitted.



***
Chapter 1785 - Ba Shi Ba’s Downfall


***





 Chapter 1785 Ba Shi Ba“s Downfall 

 Ying Wu Xie and the rest had serious expressions, their eyes shined with bright light.


 Some variant human Gu Immortals hesitated, they thought: Why are we using the strongest method now, isn’t it too early?


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, he knew that Xia Cha had already found a lot of this formation’s information, she just kept it to herself. When she attacked abruptly last time, Lady White Rabbit died, while Fang Yuan and the rest were caught unguarded.


 This time, Fang Yuan would not commit the same mistakes.


 “Then who do we target? Lu Wei Yin or Xia Cha?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 The modified years flow execution formation had one strongest method, it could shine one silver-white beam of light on a single person. Whoever gets hit by it would experience an extremely slow time flow, they would be defenseless.


 Lu Wei Yin was the current generation Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he had incredible methods and secret trump cards.


 Meanwhile, Xia Cha was a time path great expert, she could destroy the formation, she was a huge threat to the years flow execution formation.


 This decision was not easy to make.


 But once this method was used, the remaining Gu Immortals would be on guard, it would be extremely unlikely to hit them again.


 Fang Yuan’s reply was very short: “Neither Lu Wei Yin nor Xia Cha, we will target that ‘rank seven’ Gu Immortal!”


 Ba Shi Ba was still concealed among the people.


 Another immemorial year beast came out into the battlefield through a spiral entrance again.


 Ba Shi Ba’s eyes twitched, he forcefully held down the urge to take action.


 “This formation is still firm, I need to wait!”


 “The time I take action has to be the most crucial moment, I need to catch Fang Yuan off guard and make him expose a flaw so that we can gain victory!”


 While he was thinking of this, the ancient year beast near him froze as the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body inside self-detonated, the dream realm spread rapidly.


 Ba Shi Ba immediately became alert: “Hmm?”


 At this moment, a silver-white beam shot out, hitting him directly.


 “What?!” Ba Shi Ba’s eyes slowly expanded, his time was slowed down by multiple times.


 In his field of vision, everything outside was rushing towards him rapidly, the dream realm was close to him to begin with, after he got hit, it completely covered him in an instant.


 “I...” Ba Shi Ba wanted to scream, but he had no time to do anything!


 He was submerged by the dream realm, he fell asleep.


 “What happened?”


 “Ah! This is a dream realm.”


 “Lord Ba Shi Ba?!”


 “Damn it, Fang Yuan saw through lord’s identity!!”


 The Southern Border immortals were moved, many people shrieked. This attack was too sudden, they were deeply shook.


 “There was a third rank eight Gu Immortal?!” The Gu Immortals under Fang Yuan were all scared and shocked.


 At the final moment, Ba Shi Ba exposed his true rank eight aura, but it was useless, everything was too late.


 Seeing this, Xia Cha had the urge to cough blood.


 They had concealed this trump card for so long, but Fang Yuan actually saw through it, Ba Shi Ba had been biding his time, he had not even used his true strength yet, but Fang Yuan got rid of him so easily!


 Xia Cha was enraged!


 She shrieked as an intense storm started around her.


 Crack crack, lightning flashed and thunder roared.


 These illusions condensed into a huge fan that she held in her hands.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 In the previous life, Xia Cha used this move to deal major damage to Fang Yuan, the years flow execution formation was destroyed, Fang Yuan and the rest were injured, while Lady White Rabbit died.


 But now?


 “Feel my fan!” Xia Cha waved ruthlessly.


 Winds were whipped up, emitting loud noises.


 “Good, I was waiting for you!” Fang Yuan shouted as his eyes shined with brightness like lightning.


 The formation was activated, it emitted a buzzing noise as overwhelming silver light enveloped all of the wind and absorbed it.


 “What?!” Xia Cha stared with wide eyes, feeling extremely shocked.


 The offensive killer move that she entrusted her hopes to actually... actually had no effect?!


 “Again!” She waved once more.


 Winds moved, surging powerfully as they killed many year beasts, even the immemorial year beasts were unable to hold on, they were scattered by the wind.


 But at the next moment, silver light appeared as the winds were blocked entirely.


 Xia Cha: “...”


 She had an ashen expression, her heart was filled with a bad feeling, she waved her fan like she had gone mad.


 Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!


 An unprecedented wind started to blow, it carried immense might with it.


 Under the silver light, the wind was instantly devoured, the heaven destroying might earlier seemed like an illusion!


 Xia Cha opened her mouth in a daze, after a breath of time, she screamed: “Impossible!”


 Indeed, it was impossible.


 She was clearly being targeted in this situation, not just that, her summer fan killer move had been completely countered!


 Oh heavens, have mercy!


 Xia Cha cried out in her heart: She had rarely used summer fan, why did Fang Yuan know so much about it to be able to resolve it like this?!


 Was this a dream?


 It was completely illogical!


 But of course it was logical...


 Because in the previous life, Fang Yuan not only obtained summer fan, he even modified it to surpass Xia Cha’s version.


 Thus, Xia Cha’s proud trump card was merely an inferior initial version in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 In this life, Fang Yuan considered Xia Cha’s killer move and modified years flow execution formation, causing her threat to fall to its lowest level.


 The reason he allowed her to act freely until now was because he wanted to weaken the year beasts using her, and he also wanted to probe the foundation of these Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Thus, the truth was, even though Xia Cha attacked ferociously and had great battle results, to Fang Yuan, she was the least dangerous Gu Immortal out of the three rank eights present.


 Xia Cha’s emotions were changing rapidly, she quickly exposed a flaw.


 Using this opportunity, Fang Yuan and the rest used the silver-white beam on her, they spread a dream realm to capture her as well.


 Not far away, Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly, he used a certain killer move to fall asleep as a dream realm started to spread around him.


 All of a sudden, all three rank eights had stopped fighting.


 The rest of the rank seven Gu Immortals were going crazy!


 What the heck had happened, how did the situation change so quickly?


 They were not able to escape from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws, the silver light shot towards Tie Qu Zhong, followed by Liu Hao, followed by...


 This sequence was specifically deduced by Fang Yuan meticulously.


 Several minutes after the Southern Border immortals went into the formation and lost all contact, a ray of white light appeared in the sky.


 The white light turned into a rank eight Gu Immortal, this person was dressed in white clothes that was not stained by even a speck of dust, he had a pair of thin white brows that extended towards the outer sides of his face.


 It was a Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal, Jun Shen Guang, he cultivated light path.


 He was originally a supreme elder of one of the ten great ancient sects in Central Continent. He had recently been recruited into Heavenly Court by Fairy Zi Wei after contributing his immortal aperture.


 “Liu Hao and the rest disappeared here... hmm?” Jun Shen Guang had just started his investigation when he found many suspicious traces.


 “This does not look good for Liu Hao. There was definitely a fierce battle here, unfortunately Liu Hao did not even send any request for reinforcements. Was it an immortal formation or an immortal battlefield?”


 A moment later, cold sweat appeared on Jun Shen Guang’s forehead.


 Shock and fear flashed in his eyes for a moment.


 All the signs pointed to the fact that Xia Cha and the rest had been taken down, the three rank eights as well as many rank seven experts had all fallen into Fang Yuan’s trap!


 “Fang Yuan should have made use of dream realms!” Soon, his gaze landed on the only small dream realm in the battlefield, becoming even more certain of his guess: “Besides using dream realms, Fang Yuan’s other methods, no matter how penetrating they are, cannot create such a result. Hmm?”


 Jun Shen Guang sensed something amiss, he quickly retreated and left.


 After a while, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building brought Wu Yong, Chi Qu You, and the rest as they arrived.


 “They disappeared here!” Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had grim expressions.


 “Quickly investigate what happened here. My clan cannot reach our first supreme elder.” Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were extremely anxious.


 “We cannot contact Lord Ba Shi Ba either!” Ba clan’s Gu Immortals were also very anxious.


 In this life, Xia clan was not alone, they were accompanied by the similarly pitiful Ba clan.


 “It looks like there was a tributary of the River of Time here.”


 “There was also a time path immortal level formation, the group rushed here then fought a very fierce battle!”


 “What is up with this dream realm?” Someone saw that remaining small dream realm left behind by Fang Yuan.


 “Be careful.” Southern Border’s immortals gradually separated and encircled this small dream realm.


 “This dream realm is continuously shrinking.” Someone suddenly exclaimed.


 After a while, several Gu worms fell out of the shrinking dream realm.


 Like in the previous life, these information path Gu worms contained the extortion letters that Fang Yuan had written to Southern Border’s righteous path!


 The Southern Border immortals went into a commotion!


 “This, this this...”


 “Blatant lies! How can this be possible? Our organized team was actually captured by Fang Yuan? Hmph!”


 “This must be a huge scam!!!”


 “But why can’t we contact our clan’s Gu Immortals?”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were uncertain, they started to discuss among themselves, after a while, the dream realm continued to shrink as Lu Wei Yin slowly appeared.


 Lu Wei Yin woke up slowly as the dream realm dissipated, he opened his eyes and saw Wu Yong and the rest, he then looked at his surroundings and blurted out: “Oh no!”


 His presence and the words he told them crushed the final bit of hope that these Southern Border immortals had.


 Southern Border’s righteous path brought in many people to organize a troop of experts to specially chase and kill Fang Yuan, but not only were they unable to kill Fang Yuan, they were instead taken captive by Fang Yuan!


 Oh heavens!!


 Why was Fang Yuan this strong?


 Why was there a time path formation out of nowhere?


 Who could explain what happened?


 Nothing was logical!


 The assault that was very likely to succeed had reversed the role of hunter and hunted, the Southern Border immortals suffered a huge loss, discussions were happening among all of them, they were all panicking and flustered.


 They had lost all their face, and their material losses were also severe!


 If Fang Yuan extorted them now, what would they do?


 These Southern Border immortals wanted nothing more than to crush and mince Fang Yuan’s corpse, but this accursed demon had already escaped far away. Nobody knew where he was right now.


 Immortal killer move — Jade Flow Pearl!


 Fang Yuan’s body flickered as he arrived at the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 Fixed Immortal Travel made traveling truly convenient.


 Fang Yuan did not care about the reactions of the Southern Border immortals. His gaze flickered as he looked at this mountain range, he needed to obtain the true inheritance while there was still time now.



***
Chapter 1786 - A Match Made In Heaven!


***





 Chapter 1786 A Match Made In Heaven!


 Rumble!


 Fang Yuan floated in the sky, looking at the ground below him.


 The huge mountain range was collapsing, five colored lights emerged, they shined dazzlingly.


 But these lights did not fuse together or interfered with one another, they had their own routes.


 “It is not so easy to destroy the Five Regional Mountain Range, in the previous life, Wu Yong succeeded because he obtained the accumulation of Qiao clan who had researched this inheritance for many years.” Fang Yuan thought.


 In order for Tao Zhu’s true inheritance to appear, he needed to destroy the entire Five Regional Mountain Range.


 The commotion would be huge, this was why Fang Yuan had waited until now before he acted.


 Firstly, he had just won and captured the Southern Border immortals, his strength rose sharply. Secondly, the Southern Border immortals were disoriented currently, Heavenly Court’s attention was also drawn there, he could act rapidly here!


 The five colored lights started to dissipate and break apart, they were disintegrating at a rapid speed as they shrunk continuously.


 Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.


 If anyone tried to change the earth vein without knowledge, unless they were extremely lucky, the lights would still exist for the most part.


 Only a specific method that targeted this arrangement could succeed, to change the earth vein and cause the five colored lights to completely vanish.


 After a while, the five colored lights disappeared completely.


 A powerful aura suddenly emerged. Enormous pillars in five colors soared to the skies, a loud voice reverberated throughout the five regional mountain range: “Junior, you did well, you actually passed my final test of destroying the Five Regional Mountain Range. Now, my five regional inheritance is yours! Cultivate properly and you can move unrestrained and unhindered over the world in the future, don’t let down my name.”


 In the middle of the five colored light pillars, a smoke-like will condensed into the vivid appearance of a Gu Immortal.


 This was the will that Tao Zhu left behind.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he stretched his arm towards Tao Zhu’s will.


 Tao Zhu’s will froze instantly, he felt a formless force restraining him.


 Next, he was pulled out of the rainbow pillar like a carrot that was uprooted, he flew towards Fang Yuan and grabbed by the throat.


 Tao Zhu’s will was furious and humiliated, he stared at Fang Yuan: “Rank seven junior, don’t humiliate me, I was a rank eight back in my day... hmm!”


 Fang Yuan purposely revealed a trace of his rank eight aura, Tao Zhu’s will had a change of expression after sensing it.


 He chuckled as his attitude turned around entirely, he spoke with a tone of being on similar status: “So you are a rank eight friend.”


 Secretly, he was thinking to himself: “This young man looks talented and has great disposition, but he actually acts so viciously and domineeringly. He is a rank eight but he pretends to be rank seven, he must be up to no good. Hmm, he is not a good person!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I am a current generation demon, Old Man Tao Zhu, I will take your true inheritance.”


 Saying so, his sleeves billowed and he unleashed the killer move that he had prepared.


 The ground shook as Gu worms flew out of the five colored light pillars rapidly, they all flew into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, including the Immortal Gu mixed among them.


 Next, the five colored light pillars faded away, they no longer were eye catching.


 Tao Zhu’s will was flabbergasted.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path method could sense his inner thoughts, that was not strange.


 The shocking thing was, Fang Yuan could actually take the entire true inheritance without his consent.


 The main body’s arrangements were completely useless against him!


 “Sir, who in the world are you?” Tao Zhu’s will had a change of attitude again, he looked towards Fang Yuan with curiosity and wariness.


 Fang Yuan’s action earlier had already surpassed Tao Zhu’s own attainment, not only did he see through Tao Zhu’s arrangements, he even dealt with them perfectly.


 Fang Yuan looked over with a cold gaze, Tao Zhu’s will felt like he was completely emptied, no, he felt like his entire body was transparent to the other party, he had no secrets left.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Old Man Tao Zhu.”


 “Yes, yes I am here.” Tao Zhu’s will felt extremely terrified by Fang Yuan’s smile, he did not dare to put up airs.


 “Your true inheritance is quite interesting, when I dominate the world and invade Heavenly Court, it will be very useful. To reward you, I will allow you to find a new inheritor in my grotto-heaven. I will not destroy your will, I will replenish you and allow you to live for a long time.” Fang Yuan said.


 Tao Zhu’s will was currently at Fang Yuan’s mercy, he was like a puppet that could not move, he felt extremely bitter inside.


 Back then, when the main body researched upon the mysteries of the five regional walls, he made a breakthrough towards the end of his life, he had a shocking achievement!


 But the main body’s lifespan was up, he had no time to become famous, he could only leave the inheritance and wait for an inheritor.


 It was a huge regret.


 Thus, Tao Zhu’s main body set up this true inheritance that would cause a huge commotion in the Five Regional Mountain Range, he would attempt to choose and test a proper disciple to inherit this legacy. When his disciple becomes renowned in the world, he would also gain fame and reputation, that would make up for his regret before death.


 But the result was?


 Fang Yuan came and disrupted everything.


 Not only did he destroy the Five Regional Mountain Range, he skipped all of the tests and arrived at the end, even capturing the will and forcefully taking the true inheritance, he had no politeness at all, he was domineering.


 Tao Zhu’s will felt deep grievance, this was not what his main body had intended for.


 But what choice did he have?


 He was just a will.


 “If I am not wrong, even my main body is not this person’s match?”


 “From what he said, he actually wants to attack Heavenly Court, without sufficient strength and confidence, why would he say that?”


 Thinking so, Tao Zhu’s will sighed, saying to Fang Yuan: “Forget it, this is life.”


 “I don’t care if you are a good or bad person, the true inheritance is in your hands, you might cause bloodshed and death in the future, but that will surely shake the five regions, right? This is what my main body wanted to see too. As long as you do not cover up my main body’s achievements, so what if you get the true inheritance?”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 His laughter became intense, his black hair fluttered in the wind, his eyes shined with divine light, the surrounding winds and clouds moved with his will.


 After laughing, he looked at Tao Zhu’s will solemnly: “Don’t worry, why would I fight with a dead person over this reputation? If I cannot even let go of this, how can I surpass Heavenly Court, how can I surpass the generations of venerables and pursue my supreme goal of eternal life?”


 Tao Zhu’s will stared with wide eyes, thinking: ‘Hmm? This person talks big! He wants to defeat Heavenly Court and surpass venerables? Is he crazy or foolish? Oh no, he can detect my thoughts!’


 Fang Yuan laughed again: “If I lack even this bit of ambition, what’s the point of being human? Failure is fine, just try again several times. Even if I cannot achieve my goals in the end, so what?”


 Tao Zhu’s will froze, he stared at Fang Yuan in a daze.


 He saw Fang Yuan taking a deep breath as he looked into the horizons, his eyes were dark like the abyss, but Tao Zhu could see that within this pure darkness, there was a brilliant spark!


 Instantly, memories surfaced in his mind.


 The questioning and disdain of countless people...


 “Researching the five regional walls? What’s there to research about?”


 “He is so arrogant, this question has existed since the start of time. On what basis does this Tao Zhu think he can possibly resolve it?”


 “A mere rank six immortal, and even a lone cultivator at that, he is so ordinary.”


 The suppression of Southern Border’s righteous path...


 “Tao Zhu! Stop researching it.” The person who warned him had high cultivation level, his face was cold as ice.


 “Why? I did not provoke you!” Tao Zhu replied in anger.


 “Don’t you get it?” The Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal looked at him with a deep gaze, his tone was very cold: “What is the true meaning of the five regional walls?”


 “Right now, Central Continent is the strongest while the other four regions are weaker. If your research really succeeds, it will cause a huge commotion in the world, the five regions will go into war, it will be a calamity.”


 “For the sake of all the living beings in this world, we will be taking away these research gains of yours.”


 “No—!”


 Bam.


 “Blind fool, if not for her, would you still be alive now?” The Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal gave him a cold stare as he left.


 The separation from his lover...


 “Tao Zhu, we are not compatible, let’s end it here.”


 Tao Zhu was filled with sadness: “Yes, I am just a lone immortal, while you are the beloved child of Yao clan’s first supreme elder!”


 “No, that’s not the problem! Do you not get it? Tao Zhu! You are the reason! You research the mystery of the regional walls every day, how much time do you spend with me? Ask yourself this question, do you really care about me? You love your research more than you love me!” The female immortal sobbed.


 Tao Zhu was speechless.


 The female immortal wiped her tears as she breathed in deeply, looking at Tao Zhu with teary eyes: “This is the final time I will ask you, do you want me or your research?”


 Tao Zhu lowered his head, he had a hesitant expression that was filled with uncertainty.


 The female immortal walked closer: “Be with me, marry into Yao clan, we will live together and have our own children. Don’t think about the regional walls, we will provide you all the resources you need, with my father around, you do not need to fear any calamities or tribulations, darling...”


 The female immortal spoke endearingly, Tao Zhu’s heart shook.


 He looked at her.


 The female immortal had an expectant gaze, he took a step back as if he was pushed by a formless force.


 “I, I...” He clenched his fists, he gulped his saliva, he wanted to say something but no words came out.


 He did not want to lie to the female immortal, he did not want to lie to himself!


 The female immortal looked at him as her beautiful face turned increasingly pale.


 Eventually, the hope in her eyes vanished.


 She smiled lightly.


 Turning around.


 As the crystal tears fell.


 She flew away on a cloud.


 Not long after, news got out that Yao clan was having an alliance marriage with another righteous path force, the bride was that female immortal...


 “He is Tao Zhu?”


 “Is he stupid? In order to research the pointless secret of the five regions, he gave up on that marriage!”


 “He is a lunatic. I’ve often seen him heading to the regional walls for his research, he often ends up injured and in a sorry state.”


 On the night of the female immortal’s wedding, Tao Zhu stayed in a dark and tiny cave, he looked at the mortal formation in front of him in a daze.


 This tiny formation was only at rank two level, but it was the research gains of his entire life until now.


 He looked at the formation while thinking about the figure of that beautiful female immortal, her smile was stunning and beautiful like the moon.


 He laughed to himself, his hoarse voice echoing in the tiny cave.


 He continued to research the formation in front of him with overflowing tears.


 All his efforts were not in vain, his stubborn nature was deeply planted into the soil that was filled with the blood of his bleeding heart, it bore fruit in the end...


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder came to him.


 As a rank eight himself, Tao Zhu looked at him directly.


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder looked at Tao Zhu calmly but with a hint of pity in his eyes: “I heard that your research had some progress recently?”


 “I was lucky.” Tao Zhu sneered: “You are here to snatch my research gains?”


 The old man shook his head: “You just became a rank eight, I do not want to bully the young and weak.”


 Tao Zhu’s sneer turned colder: “Your words can deceive a naive newbie, but trying that on me?”


 Tao Zhu shook his head, disdain was shown all over his face.


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder smiled nonchalantly.


 “I admit.” He sighed as he nodded: “I had underestimated you, to think that you could advance to rank eight. If I had known this, I would not have hindered you and my daughter’s relationship in secret, I would have nurtured you and tried all ways to get you two to be together. Even if you are obsessed with this, even if you cannot give my daughter happiness, I would still do it for the sake of my clan’s benefit.”


 Tao Zhu’s expression changed, thinking about the female immortal he loved, his gaze became dark.


 “However...” Yao clan’s first supreme elder had a solemn expression as he added: “I will not allow you to do any research on the secrets of the five regional walls!”


 Tao Zhu’s eyes shined with cold light, he regained his cold demeanor as before: “Hmph, the same excuse about causing chaos and creating war between the five regions which would cause bloodshed in the world? Have you thought about it? Once we decipher the secret of the five regional walls, we can bring prosperity and hope to the world! The five regional walls are the biggest obstruction to the interaction between all five regions, if they vanish, Gu Immortals will be able to move more freely and unobstructed, we would be able to share our cultivation knowledge with each other.”


 “However, the possibility of war is far higher than peace, isn’t that so?” Yao clan’s old man interrupted Tao Zhu.


 Tao Zhu was silent, he did not rebuke.


 The five regions had too many differences, not just in terrain and culture, their resource allocation and population density also varied, there was also no lack of ambition people.


 Unlike the current five regions that were isolated and had economic, political, and military balance, once the five regional walls were removed, this balance would break instantly!


 “So, you are here to advise me to stop?” A moment later, Tao Zhu broke the silence, he snickered in disdain: “You know that is impossible.”


 Yao clan’s old man said solemnly: “I must admit, killing a rank eight existence is too risky, it is hard for Southern Border’s righteous path to make a decision on this.”


 “Unless there was no choice, we would not choose to fight to the death. Thus, we are here to tell you a secret, I hope that you can keep it a secret after you learn about it.”


 “Why must I listen to you?” Tao Zhu laughed.


 Yao clan’s old man also laughed: “Because this secret involves the five regional walls, don’t you want to know?”


 Tao Zhu was moved, he felt a sense of anxiety in his heart but he quickly suppressed it.


 The look of pity in the Yao clan old man’s eyes became even deeper now: “This secret is too cruel to you, but in this situation, I need to tell you. In the future, the earth veins of the five regions will merge and become one, the regional walls will disappear by themselves.”


 “What?!” Tao Zhu shouted in deep shock.


 This was a fatal blow dealt by Yao clan’s first supreme elder!


 This secret voided the goal of Tao Zhu’s entire life.


 The five regional walls would vanish in the future, then what was the point of Tao Zhu’s research? He put in so much hard work and effort, he took all the life threatening risks and even gave up on his beloved woman... all of these sacrifices that he made, were they just cruel mockery towards him?


 “This is impossible, you lied to me!” Tao Zhu’s voice was loud but there was panic in his tone.


 “This is a Paradise Earth true inheritance that our Yao clan inherited, the evidence is with you already. Even if you do not believe me, do you not believe in the words of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable?”


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder said this and smiled: “Furthermore, you researched about the five regional walls and earth veins your entire life, you must know something about it, haven’t you sensed anything? All of your research gains can prove the fact that this will happen in the future, right?”


 Tao Zhu was covered in perspiration, he stared with his huge hollow eyes as he fumbled backwards, he lowered his head towards the ground as his expression was full of nervousness.


 Yao clan’s first supreme elder smiled.


 He looked at Tao Zhu, his kind old man demeanor had an extremely cold and cruel disposition!


 This was all that needed to be said.


 Yao clan’s old man turned around to leave, before going, he said his parting words: “Don’t research about the five regional walls, they will disappear on their own in the future, your research is meaningless.”


 “Of course, if you can succeed while the five regional walls are still intact, I am sure the moment you achieve success will also be the moment Southern Border’s righteous path and all our rank eights join forces and exterminate you.”


 “This is all I have to say, Tao Zhu, think about it yourself.”


 Tao Zhu was dazed on the spot, he stayed motionless, defeat was written all over his face.


 ...


 It was like a dream.


 Back to reality.


 Tao Zhu had died long ago, while his lingering will was grabbed by Fang Yuan at the throat.


 The true inheritance was already taken away forcefully!


 But Fang Yuan’s words had a huge impact on Tao Zhu’s will —


 “If I lack even this bit of ambition, what’s the point of being human? Failure is fine, just try again several times. Even if I cannot achieve my goals in the end, so what?”


 “Hahaha, hahaha!” Tao Zhu’s will laughed maniacally.


 Years later, his main body had already recovered from the impact that Yao clan’s first supreme elder dealt, he had the same kind of realization!


 Indeed.


 Even if I fail in the end and obtain nothing, even if my life was a complete failure, so what?


 Even if the five regional walls would disappear in the future, so what?


 Even if my research is meaningless, so what?


 That is what I want to do!


 You can call me crazy, you can call me an idiot, you can call me stubborn, you can call me stupid...


 Alright.


 I am crazy, I am an idiot, I am stubborn and also stupid.


 But I... still want to do it regardless!


 That is how I want to live!


 That is how I can find meaning in my life!


 However, I still had lingering regrets in the end, therefore, I created this inheritance.


 And now, this inheritance is in the hands of Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, Tao Zhu’s will became excited: “Fang Yuan! I will give you this inheritance, I will also give you the true meaning that is hidden somewhere else.”


 “My main body was not skilled at fighting, that was why I had lingering regrets. But I feel that if this inheritance is given to you, all these regrets will be fulfilled! This is truly... a match made in heaven!”


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, he showed a confident but arrogant smile.


 “Then observe it yourself, Old Man Tao Zhu.”


 “I will make sure your true inheritance — ”


 “Stuns deities and shocks immortals, it will be renowned in the world!”



***
Chapter 1787 - Rule Path Great Grandmaster


***





 Chapter 1787 Rule Path Great Grandmaster 

 After obtaining the entirety of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan left the Five Regional Mountain Range immediately.


 Like the previous life, this mountain range was inevitably still destroyed. But the result was very different for Fang Yuan.


 In the previous life, he set up an ambush and created a huge battle in the Five Regional Mountain Range, Tao Zhu’s true inheritance has appeared unexpectedly, he had no chance to obtain it as he had to escape.


 This time, Fang Yuan was wary of the ink effect, he waited until he ambushed Southern Border’s pursuers, after capturing them all, the time was ripe and he came to obtain this true inheritance.


 After some time, Southern Border’s righteous path would agree and support Tie clan in building the Beacon Towers.


 By then, it would be problematic for Fang Yuan to take action.


 The scattered Beacon Towers would allow Southern Border’s Gu Immortals to travel much more quickly and efficiently.


 During the final battle in his previous life, Fang Yuan obtained important information about Tao Zhu’s true inheritance from Wu Yong and Chi Qu You, he even set up a super immortal formation with them. Thus, he knew a lot about it, with all the deductions he made in advance, he was prepared to successfully take it by force.


 “Tao Zhu’s true inheritance!” Fang Yuan sighed deeply in his heart.


 The methods inside this inheritance were very useful to him, they would help him greatly!


 Even though Tao Zhu was just a rank eight, the importance of this true inheritance surpassed even some venerable true inheritances.


 His previous life was the best proof.


 Fang Yuan used Tao Zhu’s methods to deal with the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, it gave Chen Yi and the rest huge problems, they were able to advance with great progress!


 Tao Zhu’s methods were also able to deal with the killer move heroes among people.


 Due to heroes among people’s amplification, Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had a huge boost in battle strength.


 But as long as they were inside the five colored smoke, these Gu Immortals would face greater backlash the stronger they were.


 This was a mystical move that had an incredible effect!


 Fang Yuan had to give it a thumbs up, it deserved all his praise.


 The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation and heroes among people were venerable methods, but Tao Zhu’s true inheritance was actually able to counter them, this made many Gu Immortals’ jaws drop, they were deeply shocked.


 “This time around, even if I cannot find a way to break heroes among people, I can use the five colored smoke to counter it, Central Continent’s people will have a hard time!”


 “But the methods of this true inheritance are not too flexible. When used, an immortal formation has to be created. Even though I know this method, I do not want an immobile immortal formation, I need to modify it on this foundation.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it as he looked at Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.


 As he expected, the formation that he created with the Southern Border and Northern Plains Gu Immortals was the essence of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.


 In this true inheritance, Tao Zhu named the formation — Five Regional Limit Formation.


 And the good news was that other than this formation, there was another immortal killer move, it had the same value as this five regional limit formation.


 This move was known as five restriction profound light qi, once activated, it could shoot out light qi made of five colors.


 The effect of the light qi was similar to regional walls, within it, Gu Immortals of the five regions would face backlash, the stronger their move, the greater the backlash.


 Of course, because Fang Yuan was a special existence, he was not restricted inside this light qi.


 Five regional limit formation, five restriction profound light qi, these were the essence of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.


 Other than that, there were two remaining Immortal Gu.


 These Immortal Gu were rule path Gu worms, one was rank eight ‘Region’, the other was rank seven ‘Limit’.


 Rank eight region Gu was clearly Tao Zhu’s vital Gu, it had risen to rank eight alongside him.


 Tao Zhu’s immortal aperture was not preserved.


 According to the true inheritance, Tao Zhu was very poor then, most of his resources were used for research, his immortal aperture had barely anything.


 And most importantly, before he died, he left his immortal aperture for the Southern Border righteous path so that he could conceal his true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan looked at the true inheritance as he felt deeper emotions.


 This Tao Zhu was a peculiar genius, he spent his entire life’s time and effort on research, he invested so much manpower and resources.


 In the contents of the true inheritance, he wrote about his countless experiments, he had risked his life each time in all these attempts.


 Even after he became rank eight, he often went into the regional wall to experience its profundity.


 This was not something normal people could do.


 Thus, his immortal aperture was very poor, he could barely maintain the feeding of his Immortal Gu, it could not develop as he constantly faced backlash inside the regional wall as a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “Next, I need to manage my immortal aperture and gain the ability to feed these two Immortal Gu.”


 “Then...”


 Fang Yuan was faced with a tough problem.


 Should he choose the five regional limit formation or five restriction profound light qi?


 Both used Region and Limit as the cores with a vast number of supplementary mortal Gu. If he created a formation, he could not use five restriction profound light qi. Similarly, if he chose five restriction profound light qi, he would not have enough time in the battle to set up the five regional limit formation.


 Creating a formation had huge drawbacks, because a stationary formation needed the power of an earth vein.


 Tao Zhu true inheritance had clearly stated, not only did the five regional limit formation need to be set up on the ground, it needed to be rooted to an earth vein.


 Thus, in the previous life, Chi Qu You added in earth vein Immortal Gu.


 But now, earth vein Immortal Gu had not appeared yet.


 Once a formation was created, it would not be very usable, because Fang Yuan would not be able to take it out at crucial timing. Unless he used formation flag Gu or the Formation Spirit to move this formation around, but that would require a lot of modification and deductions from him, and the results were unknown.


 Choosing the five restriction profound light qi was more convenient and stronger, but it could not last as long as a formation.


 Furthermore, it had its weakness too.


 Each time this move was used, the Gu Immortal would need to expend a vast amount of earth qi in their immortal aperture!


 The expenditure was colossal, even Fang Yuan was tongue-tied when he saw it.


 “However, there is a method to resolve the drawback of five restriction profound light qi... hmm? I arrived.”


 Fang Yuan stopped thinking as he arrived at an ordinary looking cave.


 “It is well hidden, even I could not sense anything amiss.” Fang Yuan nodded to himself.


 Next, he let out Tao Zhu’s will.


 Tao Zhu’s will took a few steps forward, the cave changed, a gush of true meaning permeated the walls.


 Tao Zhu’s will handed this true meaning to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan first inspected it, after finding no problems with it, he absorbed it without hesitation.


 A moment later, he became a great grandmaster in rule path!


 This Tao Zhu’s true meaning could allow a person who had no foundation in rule path to become a great grandmaster instantly.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had his own foundation, he was a rule path grandmaster. Even though Fang Yuan was still a great grandmaster now, his original foundation was not wasted, it was still accumulated even though he did not achieve a qualitative change into supreme grandmaster.


 “It seems that Tao Zhu was a rule path great grandmaster when he was alive.” Fang Yuan nodded slightly.


 When any path reaches great grandmaster in attainment level, a qualitative change would occur.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were the elites of the elites.


 Chi clan’s Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster who could use natural dao marks to create immortal formations.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was a fire path great grandmaster, back then when she made a trap for Fang Yuan, he could not sense it in the immortal materials no matter what.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a great grandmaster of all paths, this showed how powerful he was. The lifetime achievement of many rank eight Gu Immortals would only be one aspect of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. If not for Fang Yuan turning the situation around back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would have infiltrated Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect would control the entire world.


 As for why Tao Zhu cultivated restriction path but left behind a rule path true meaning?


 Because restriction path was a sub branch of rule path, it was a small path that had not been fully separated.


 It was like the emotion path derived from wisdom path, this path specialized in using charm and emotion to influence others.


 The truth was, rule path had many smaller paths derived from it, it was truly the number one path without question in this regard.


 The more famous ones were restriction path and phantom path.


 Phantom path was derived from rule path, it focused on illusions and phantoms, between truth and falsity, it had not fully separated from rule path yet.


 Fang Yuan had some rule path Immortal Gu, they were Precaution, Big, Fight, and others.


 The characteristics of rule path could be easily seen from this.


 Big, small, tall, short, fat, skinny, far, close, good, bad, round, square, curved, straight, truth, false, strong, weak, one, two, three, four, these were all rule path Gu worms.


 Because rule path was a huge concept, it had many branching smaller paths as a result.


 “Among all the paths, rule path Gu worms have the widest range of use, or rather, they are the most practical for usage.”


 “For example, rule path Gu worm ‘Strong’, can be used with any path to make any killer move stronger.”


 Rule path had another advantage, the Gu Immortal could often create their own true meaning using it.


 This was the advantage of wisdom path as well.


 True meaning involved the ‘truth’ of rule path, as well as the will of wisdom path.


 Other than these two paths, there were truly very few Gu Immortals of other paths that could leave true meaning behind.


 The ten venerables were exceptions.


 These monsters were not confined to common sense, they were unique existences that could not be assessed through logic.


 Tao Zhu’s true meaning was quite a joyful surprise to Fang Yuan!


 Because he knew that Wu Yong and Chi Qu You did not obtain it in the previous life.


 It was not hard to understand.


 Fang Yuan had already deduced much of the truth.


 Tao Zhu was suppressed by the Southern Border righteous path when he was alive, before dying, he gave up his immortal aperture to lure the attention of the righteous path while he set up his true inheritance and hid his true meaning elsewhere.


 Southern Border’s righteous path obtained Tao Zhu’s immortal aperture, they thought that his research had no results, because they could not see through the Five Regional Mountain Range, they could not discover Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.


 Even though Tao Zhu’s true inheritance ended in the hands of Southern Border’s righteous path last time, Tao Zhu’s true meaning had been hidden from them.


 Tao Zhu’s true meaning was very useful to the current Fang Yuan, it came at the perfect timing.


 Because he had just captured Ba Shi Ba.


 This rule path rank eight Gu Immortal’s grotto-heaven could not be annexed with Fang Yuan’s original rule path attainment level.


 “I wanted to undergo some transactions with Chi Qu You to get some rule path dream realms and raise my attainment level.”


 “To think that this would happen, I do not need to wait anymore, I can save a lot of effort.”



***
Chapter 1788 - 1788 Righteous Path’s Headache


***





 1788 Righteous Path“s Headache 

 Wu clan’s headquarters.


 In a room, light was dim.


 Wu Yong had an ashen expression as he sat like a motionless statue.


 The information path Gu worm in his hand was still a little warm because he had just activated it.


 There was an intense conference of higher-ups earlier among the Southern Border righteous path forces, it was as heated as a market, Xia clan’s and Ba clan’s Gu Immortals were close to screaming, their voices filled with terror and helplessness.


 Most of the people were engaging in loud discussions, close to the point of arguments, as they vented their shock and fear.


 “How is this possible?!”


 “Fang Yuan ambushed us and obtained complete victory, our Gu Immortals were all captured by him!”


 “What do we do now? This has never happened before in Southern Border’s history.”


 “If news get out, our Southern Border righteous path would become the laughingstock of the five regions!”


 “Reputation is no longer important, the important thing is that our clansmen are in his hands!!”


 “Earlier, Fang Yuan left an information path Gu worm behind, didn’t he ask us to wait for his reply?”


 “Yes, but he has not sent anything to us, do we just... wait for him?”


 ...


 Wu Yong could still hear the discussions of these people echoing in his ears.


 “Hmph, a bunch of useless people, what is the point of talking and discussing now?”


 Wu Yong snorted coldly in displeasure, he squinted as his already long and thin eyes became even slimmer.


 An eerie cold light flickered in his eyes continuously.


 While his fists were clenched uncontrollably.


 “This is troublesome.”


 “Fang Yuan has the absolute initiative!”


 “Even if I reject his extortion, Xia clan and Ba clan would not, because their first supreme elders are the ones captured.”


 “Heavenly Court’s arrangements were useless as well, hmph, I wasted my effort in contacting Zi Wei.”


 “But this is not because Heavenly Court is weak, this Fang Yuan has simply shown battle strength that is too terrifying in this fight!”


 “With such terrifying battle results, looking at my Southern Border righteous path, only Chi Qu You is a character, he remained calm and cool.”


 Wu Yong remembered clearly, in the intense discussion earlier, Chi Qu You had a calm expression and even was the first to suggest a plan to chase after Fang Yuan and pursue him.


 Even though barely anyone responded, that was the proper behavior of a righteous path member!


 Wu Yong had no idea that Chi Qu You was forcing himself to act calm, he was filled with shock and anxiety internally.


 He pretended to make this suggestion to pursue Fang Yuan so that he could conceal himself deeper.


 “Fang Yuan actually won?!”


 “Not only did Fang Yuan win, he even captured two rank eights and multiple rank seven experts!”


 Was it a joke?


 Before this battle, Chi Qu You would definitely think this was a joke.


 But now, he could not laugh at all.


 Chi Qu You did not dare to believe it, but the evidence that Lu Wei Yin showed them was genuine, he had to accept it.


 Fang Yuan obtained complete victory in this battle, not only did Southern Border’s righteous path go into chaos, even Chi Qu You felt like Fang Yuan had a hold on him!


 Because Fang Yuan won using dream realms.


 And these dream realms were given to him by Chi Qu You!


 That was to say, Chi Qu You was the biggest contributor to Fang Yuan’s success, he had become the greatest traitor of Southern Border’s righteous path!


 Before this, Chi Qu You had thought that Fang Yuan would use the dream realms to deal with Southern Border’s righteous path.


 But he was limited by common sense.


 Firstly, transacting with Fang Yuan simply benefited Chi clan too greatly. This temptation and desire blinded Chi Qu You.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had escaped by self-detonating the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies last time. In the entire process, he was in a distressed state, and he could not even control the self-detonated Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies that formed dream realms, thus, Chi Qu You felt that this self-detonation held little threat.


 “But to think that Fang Yuan would set up a time path super immortal formation!”


 “If not for this immortal formation stopping Gu Immortals from teleporting, how could he succeed in using the dream realms?”


 “The time path immortal formation is not scary, the scary thing is how deeply concealed this formation was, if Fang Yuan had not activated it, it could not be detected.”


 Chi Qu You felt a headache thinking about it.


 He was a formation path great grandmaster, he naturally understood formations.


 But the immortal formation of each path had their own strengths and weaknesses. The strength of time path immortal formations was that they could affect the flow of time inside, Fang Yuan used this to fight for days and nights inside the formation, capturing the pursuers. Only several hours had passed outside.


 But time path immortal formations were not good at concealment!


 It was the strength of dark path, phantom path, and transformation path formations.


 Once time path immortal formations were created, they would be out there in the open, easily detected and seen, it should not be concealed so deeply.


 So how did Fang Yuan make it this hidden?


 Chi Qu You was stumped by this question, while at the same time, Fairy Zi Wei who was inside Heavenly Court found the answer.


 She had just ended her deductions, Central Great Hall was still flickering with purple light.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply.


 “It should be the past arrangements of Shadow Sect.”


 “Shadow Sect had once been scattered in all five regions, hiding under Zombie Alliance while searching for natural tributaries of the River of Time, using the surrounding time path dao marks to set up formations.”


 At great grandmaster, formation path Gu Immortals could directly use natural dao marks to set up formations.


 But the formation created would have different strengths and advantages according to the distribution of the natural dao marks. The Gu Immortal would often only be able to adjust it slightly, it was not as convenient as using Gu worms to create formations.


 “But that time path formation in Southern Border is specialized in concealment, Fang Yuan had perfect use of it.”


 “He added more time path formations inside and used the dream realms to capture all of the Southern Border pursuers in one go!”


 Fairy Zi Wei had a dark expression.


 She felt regret now.


 Had she known this, she would have told Southern Border about the deaths of Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch.


 After the loss in Lang Ya blessed land, Fairy Zi Wei only told the world about a portion of the details.


 As long as Southern Border’s righteous path knew of Chen Yi’s and Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s deaths, they would place more emphasis on Fang Yuan, they would not send just two rank eight Gu Immortals. (Lu Wei Yin had joined on his own accord, that was not under the control of Southern Border’s righteous path.)


 This was not to say that Fairy Zi Wei had made a mistake, she had her own considerations too.


 Initially, Fairy Zi Wei had lingering hope that Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch might still be alive. Thus, she only exposed Fang Yuan’s secrets to the world while hiding this incident.


 But after a long time passed, Fairy Zi Wei realized that Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch were truly dead.


 She chose to conceal this information because she did not want to help raise Fang Yuan’s reputation, and also because she was afraid that Gu Immortals of the other four regions would compromise with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had the strength to harm rank eight Gu Immortals, his influence had reached a qualitative change!


 The other four regions were not like Central Continent, they had many forces that opposed each other, those forces were not united and could easily be crippled by Fang Yuan, it was easy for them to secretly reach an agreement and undergo transactions.


 Fairy Zi Wei was not wrong at all, Western Desert’s Tang clan and Southern Border’s Chi clan were doing this.


 Fairy Zi Wei concealed this fact to ensure that the four regions would still be antagonistic towards Fang Yuan. Regardless of the results, both sides would have some expenditure, any loss to either of them would benefit Heavenly Court overall!


 At the same time, they would expose information and clues that Heavenly Court could gain by simply observing.


 When the time is right, Heavenly Court would deduce Fang Yuan’s exact location and take action to exterminate this demon!


 Fairy Zi Wei made a good plan, she was looking towards the future and making preparations for the five regions chaotic war.


 But the situation was way out of her expectations.


 Fang Yuan actually obtained complete victory, he captured all the Southern Border immortals!


 “Even though Fang Yuan has rank seven cultivation level, last time, he made use of Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation. And this time, he is using Shadow Sect’s remaining arrangements.”


 “The result is a one-sided victory by him, our arrangements did not even have time to take effect.”


 Fairy Zi Wei gritted her teeth.


 Fang Yuan was too devious and cunning!


 It was getting increasingly harder to deal with him.


 Fairy Zi Wei started to feel a sense of helplessness.


 Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, but she could do nothing to him.


 One of the reasons was that he cultivated too many paths.


 Wisdom path for example.


 Fang Yuan had deep wisdom path attainment.


 Even if Fairy Zi Wei made deductions with her full power now, she could not deduce his location, she needed a lot more clues.


 Normally speaking, Gu Immortals who were not in wisdom path would be easy to locate through deductions.


 There were many demonic path Gu Immortals in this world, but why were there few who would wreak havoc like Fang Yuan?


 It was because the moment they create chaos and make everyone angry, wisdom path Gu Immortals would undergo deductions and locate them quickly, before pursuing and hunting them down.


 Or for example, refinement path.


 Lang Ya blessed land was not so easy to annex, many Gu Immortals could not do it even if they wanted to.


 Even some rank eight Gu Immortals could not.


 Because Lang Ya blessed land was rank seven, one needed at least grandmaster refinement path attainment level!


 Or, for example, dream path.


 Fang Yuan was reborn from the future, he had many dream path methods.


 During the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he used these methods to escape danger and survive the ordeal.


 Or, for example, this ambush battle.


 Fang Yuan showed incredible formation path attainment.


 To be able to use the time path formation to this extent, his formation path attainment level was at least great grandmaster!


 “Of course, this can be part of the arrangements left by Shadow Sect. But why did Fang Yuan not use it back then? There is little possibility in this.”


 “There is another possibility, after Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, one of the variant human Gu Immortals that he took in has great grandmaster formation path attainment level.”


 “I don’t have enough clues...”


 Fairy Zi Wei placed her hand on her forehead as cold flight flickered in her eyes.


 She stood up and left Central Great Hall, arriving at the place where Spectral Soul was imprisoned.


 Soul search!


 Not long after, Fairy Zi Wei nodded in satisfaction.


 She searched specifically within Spectral Soul’s memories, about the secrets regarding the time path formation.


 “It is a formation with strong concealment capability indeed, but it does not have the power to summon year beasts, Fang Yuan must have added it in afterwards.” Fairy Zi Wei was in deep thought.


 The eerie light in her eyes was just a speck earlier, but it had already spread to a larger area now.



***
Chapter 1789 - 1789 Suspected of Rebirth


***





 1789 Suspected of Rebirth 

 Heavenly Court.


 Throughout the eras, countless immortal halls were built.


 Behind Central Great Hall, there was a tall tower that was covered in a white-gold halo.


 It was the rank eight Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Surrounding Heaven Overseeing Tower, several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were working together, they were very busy.


 Through their hard work, a refinement path formation was slowly taking shape.


 A Gu Immortal with a strong body that was like a monolith was watching outside the formation. Even though he was just standing, he gave a feeling of a huge pillar that could support the sky.


 It was Duke Long!


 “Greetings, Duke Long.” Fairy Zi Wei arrived at this moment, standing behind Duke Long.


 “Right now, Lang Ya blessed land is in Fang Yuan’s hands, that means he also knows the details of Refinement Cauldron. Originally, Heavenly Court’s refinement path formation was modeled after Refinement Cauldron. I ordered them to disassemble the original formation and modify it into another one.” Duke Long said as he turned around, facing Fairy Zi Wei.


 Guilt showed on Fairy Zi Wei’s face as she said: “I have failed in my duties...”


 Before she finished, Duke Long interrupted: “No need to take about blaming yourself, I believe you have already reflected upon your actions, the past cannot be changed, we should face the present and plan for the future.”


 Duke Long looked at Fairy Zi Wei as he sighed: “Right now, Heavenly Court has control of the situation, but it seems like our control is slowly dwindling. Fang Yuan... this pawn arranged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to thwart our plans and cause the deaths of Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, right now he even captured many Southern Border immortals. Even if he is only rank seven, regardless of what methods he used, the result is apparent to us all, the facts are simply like this. Zi Wei, how will you deal with it?”


 In the previous life, Duke Long did not place importance on Fang Yuan, he thought that he was just a nuisance.


 But now, after Fang Yuan attained great victories one after the other, Duke Long became alert towards him.


 He no longer entrusted everything to Fairy Zi Wei like in the previous life, he started to feel uneasy and asked questions about future plans.


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply, she already had a plan on how to deal with Fang Yuan, she said calmly: “The first thing is to find his location. Wisdom path methods are not enough, right now, I have sent out three rank eight Gu Immortals in Southern Border to search for his traces.”


 “Furthermore, we need to counter his killer move that uses Fixed Immortal Travel as the core. This move is more threatening than Omni-directional Travel, it gives Fang Yuan the initiative to advance or retreat at will.”


 “I have already given orders to prepare the refinement of fixed space Gu before anyone else.”


 Fixed space Gu was in Liu Hao’s hands, but he was captured by Fang Yuan now. Fairy Zi Wei was confident in Heavenly Court’s methods, they could make Liu Hao’s fixed space Immortal Gu self-detonate.


 With the crucial fixed space Gu, they would be able to deal with Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move.


 “And thirdly.” Fairy Zi Wei said as she paused, continuing in a heavier tone: “We need to guard against his Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “I am increasingly suspicious that Fang Yuan has already used Spring Autumn Cicada, he had been reborn already.”


 “In the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, our side lost because star cast was broken.”


 “This is very suspicious, Feng Jiu Ge left so many dao marks at various locations, why did Fang Yuan lock onto that particular one? Setting a formation in advance and blocking us from entering?”


 “But I have made many deductions on this without any result, the clues are too few.”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply.


 “Spring Autumn Cicada is a problem indeed.” Duke Long nodded: “Do you have any way to deal with it?”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “Lord Duke Long, didn’t we discuss already, we will use the killer move benevolent equality on Spring Autumn Cicada. But benevolence Gu is still in Southern Border, it is owned by Paradise Earth’s inheritor, Lu Wei Yin.”


 “That’s right.” Duke Long said in a low tone: “If Fang Yuan uses Spring Autumn Cicada, he might not just be using it alone, he likely would be using a killer move. Using benevolent equality to deal with any potential Spring Autumn Cicada killer move is most appropriate.”


 “Precisely.” Purple light flickered in Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes: “That is why I plan to contact Lu Wei Yin soon, I want to discuss the matter of borrowing benevolence Gu from him.”


 At this time in the previous life, Heavenly Court was calm and composed, they had not contacted Lu Wei Yin so early.


 But due to the ink effect, they decided to approach Lu Wei Yin in advance.


 Duke Long nodded as he had a thought: “You want to use this chance to see if Fang Yuan has truly been reborn?”


 “That’s right. If Lu Wei Yin rejects us, the likelihood of Fang Yuan using rebirth is higher. That is because our benevolent equality killer move counters Fang Yuan.”


 “But if Lu Wei Yin agrees, it means that we were able to use benevolent equality, it would be unlikely that Fang Yuan managed to rebirth.”


 “At the same time, we can probe the attitude of this current generation Paradise Earth inheritor.” Fairy Zi Wei said slowly.


 On the topic of Paradise Earth, Duke Long had a complex expression as he said: “Let’s do that.”


 “However, even if Lu Wei Yin refuses to lend to us, we do not need to worry even if we cannot deal with Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “As long as we control the situation and progress as planned, no matter how that scoundrel Fang Yuan tries, he cannot turn this around.”


 “Back then, with Red Lotus’ strength and foundation, he still failed in the end, not to mention this mere Fang Yuan?”


 Duke Long said this with a grand tone as he smiled.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a little hesitant, she asked: “Lord Duke Long, there is something I do not understand. With our Heavenly Court’s deep foundation, why do we need to borrow Gu in order to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada? Do we really lack any kind of method to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada?”


 Duke Long’s smile faded away: “The cause is likely Red Lotus. Back then, he had told me this personally when we fought. He said that in the River of Time, there are many stone lotus islands that are not connected to each other, yet they share a special influence. All of the stone lotus islands form one immortal killer move, it is his proudest creation. This method can influence the flow of the River of Time, it can indirectly affect the traces of all beings in this world.”


 Without the River of Time, the entire world would be still.


 The myriad beings could only move and live because of the moving River of Time.


 Using this relationship, Red Lotus Demon Venerable created a grand method that exerted its influence until today.


 The most evident effect was that any Gu worm or method that countered Spring Autumn Cicada would never end up in Heavenly Court.


 After the matter of Red Lotus, Heavenly Court concealed the truth to defend its reputation while aggressively searching and planning for methods to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Gradually, Heavenly Court found something strange.


 Any Immortal Gu that could counter Spring Autumn Cicada would intentionally ‘avoid’ Heavenly Court. Among the Gu Immortals that joined Heavenly Court, very few cultivated time path!


 “But as time passes, this influence is weakening. Heavenly Court has obtained some methods that can influence and disrupt Spring Autumn Cicada. You know them too, most are still unusable.” Duke Long added.


 “So that’s it.” Fairy Zi Wei had a calm expression but she was shocked on the inside. Red Lotus Demon Venerable had created an incredible method, this truly surpassed the limits of time path, it had a trace of the power of fate!


 He not only damaged fate Gu, he even forcefully used time path methods to mimic the power of fate in order to counter it.


 Fairy Zi Wei blinked as she calmed her emotions: “Next, I will let out news that Fang Yuan is trying to undergo tribulation and ascend to rank eight.”


 “At the same time, I will talk to Wu Yong and interact with the Southern Border righteous path forces, to find more people that would go against Fang Yuan.”


 “And finally, I have already given orders to nurture Fang Zheng fully. This person was brought about by the Heavenly Dao, he is a crucial key to dealing with Fang Yuan. Has he already undergone immortal ascension?”


 Central Continent.


 The blood rain became smaller as Gu Yue Fang Zheng floated in the sky above the mountain peak, his heaven, earth, and human qi were condensing into one spot.


 He had gone through many ordeals, his suffering had turned into his precious wealth, allowing him to balance the three qi successfully.


 Fang Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, he breathed in deeply and tossed a rank five blood path Gu into the lump of qi.


 Boom!


 A shocking sound exploded around him, the qi lump burst out and turned into an immortal aperture.


 High grade blessed land!


 Fang Zheng’s immortal ascension succeeded, there was also a lot of heaven and earth qi remaining.


 Fang Zheng was overjoyed, these heaven and earth qi could raise his vital blood path mortal Gu into an Immortal Gu!


 “Fang Zheng, quickly let me in, I will help you with the tribulation!” Fan Xi Liu transmitted, he had been guarding Fang Zheng’s entire immortal ascension process.


 “Hmm?” Fang Zheng frowned, showing displeasure. The immortal aperture was the most private area of the Gu Immortal, Fan Xi Liu was infringing on it, Fang Zheng felt a sense of anger.


 But immediately, Fang Zheng relaxed his brows, he opened the immortal aperture door and said plainly: “Sure, Fan Xi Liu, please enter.”


 Fang Zheng knew that not only was Fan Xi Liu here, during his immortal ascension, countless eyes were watching him.


 He gradually understood his value, he was just a tool, he was being nurtured to deal with Fang Yuan.


 A moment later, his tribulation ended.


 Fan Xi Liu was inside his immortal aperture, he had a complex expression: “Fang Zheng, this is a high grade blessed land, back then, I went through so much and faced a great risk during my tribulation, but only gained a medium grade blessed land.”


 “Your immortal aperture has at least a size of 5666km2, while the limit is at 6000km2.”


 “This is definitely a large tributary of the River of Time, the rate of time compared to the outside world is one to twenty-eight. The limit of a high grade blessed land is one to thirty, the difference is very small.”


 His time path and space path resources were far beyond what Fan Xi Liu had back in his day.


 Rank six Gu Immortals with high grade blessed lands were elites, they were few in numbers to begin with.


 “And during this tribulation, you ascended your vital Gu as well, you now own two blood path Immortal Gu.”


 “The sect has given orders, I brought you a lot of resources to plant and get past the toughest initial stage post ascension.”


 Fan Xi Liu said this as he took out a large amount of blood path resources from his immortal aperture.


 All these resources had huge value, they were mostly immortal materials, this experienced Gu Immortal Fan Xi Liu could not even conceal the jealousy and envy in his eyes.


 The sect was putting so much effort into nurturing Fang Zheng!


 The value of these resources was equivalent to a rank six lone cultivator’s hundred years of accumulation. Even for Fan Xi Liu who had Immortal Crane Sect’s support, he had to spend fifty years to reach this stage.


 One could say that Fang Zheng became a rich rank six Gu Immortal without doing anything.


 “The sect is putting so much effort for you, Fang Zheng, don’t let them down.” At the end, Fan Xi Liu said with a hoarse voice.


 Just by seeing Fan Xi Liu’s complex expression, Fang Zheng understood.


 He was also shocked that he was receiving so much attention and nurturing.


 “Regardless of their motive... I have finally become an immortal. Fang Yuan, the difference between you and I is no longer immortal and mortal.”


 Fang Zheng’s divine sense looked around, he felt deep emotions while looking at his immortal aperture: “This is my immortal aperture, my blessed land, my foundation!”


 At this moment, he felt that his future was bright, it seemed to be filled with endless possibilities.


 “Fang Yuan, even though you are strong, you were still forced to escape from Central Continent and Heavenly Court, you dare not step into Central Continent.”


 “With their help, it will not be impossible for me to deal with you.”


 “Even though I understand you, I will not forgive you. Fate toys with people, we will still end up as enemies after all.”


 This current life was different from the previous, Fang Zheng received much more attention and help, his immortal ascension was brought forward by quite some time.


 In the previous life, everyone knew about the nightmare that Southern Border faced, Fang Yuan’s demonic might was overwhelming.


 But now, Heavenly Court concealed the facts behind their loss, while Southern Border’s situation had not been known to everyone yet.


 Thus, Gu Yue Fang Zheng had no idea that Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch had died, he did not know that Southern Border’s immortals were all captured by Fang Yuan.


 This created a misconception after his immortal ascension that if he continued like this, he might be able to reach Fang Yuan’s height and face him directly.



***
Chapter 1790 - Annex, Annex, Annex!


***





 



 Inside sovereign immortal aperture.


 Within the empty Mini Yellow Heaven, a figure was flying at rapid speed.


 It came to a stop abruptly, landing before a group of Gu Immortals, it was Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 “Lord Fang Yuan!”


 “Sect leader!”


 The group of immortals paid their respects.


 Looking at them, other than Ying Wu Xie who was working in green ghost desert, Fang Yuan’s subordinates were gathered around.


 Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, Xue Er, Bing Yuan, Shi Zong, Shi Shi Cheng, and Mo Tan Sang, their immortal auras permeated the area, these talented people were all gathered here together.


 These people had participated in the ambush earlier, they witnessed how Fang Yuan controlled the situation and captured the Southern Border immortals.


 Thus, the immortals looked at Fang Yuan with even more heated and respectful expressions than before the battle.


 Especially those variant human Gu Immortals, they had smiling expressions with a polite attitude, they were as tame as pets.


 “No need to stand on ceremony.” Fang Yuan glanced at them before turning to the other side.


 An immortal formation was floating in the sky, it had been built by this group of Gu Immortals not long ago.


 Of course, the main part of the formation was made by Fang Yuan, he had only left the minor portions to these subordinates.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone observed patiently before nodding in satisfaction, this formation was operating smoothly.


 This was the wisdom refinement formation, it was constructed by using the light of wisdom along with Woman’s Heart and Unravel Mystery to refine other Immortal Gu. If there was the other person’s will, the effect would become even more outstanding.


 Initially, Fang Yuan had used Mo Yao’s fake will to refine the Immortal Gu of immortal zombie Bo Qing, including change soul Immortal Gu. This crucial Immortal Gu allowed Fang Yuan to turn the situation around, snatching sovereign immortal fetus Gu during the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain from Spectral Soul.


 In the previous life, this formation was modified by Fang Yuan, it had great power.


 And in this life, Fang Yuan only tweaked it a little before using it, because the effect was sufficient, further modification was unnecessary.


 “Alright, get into the formation.” Fang Yuan instructed.


 The Gu Immortals beside him started to enter the formation, they controlled the formation for Fang Yuan, maintaining its operation.


 Fang Yuan turned around and looked behind him.


 Behind him, there was an illusory dream realm, it was like a huge lump of rainbow clouds.


 A Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body had already been formed, Fang Yuan had learned this move from Feng Jin Huang in the previous life, it was a perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body that could exist permanently.


 But because Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was still low, he could not create a split soul, it was merely Fang Yuan’s will that was controlling this Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 The will would be constantly expended until it dissipates into nothingness.


 It was only a proper clone if it had an accompanying soul.


 Thus, this Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body was only half a dream path clone.


 But it was enough for now.


 After the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body entered the dream, a Southern Border Gu Immortal was quickly pushed out.


 As he had not entered the formation yet, the Gu Immortals around Fang Yuan looked and had changes of expression as they recognized this person.


 After the battle, they did not idle, they were searching for the information of these captives, thus they knew a lot about these people.


 “This is Yang clan’s Gu Immortal Yang Ku.”


 “He is one of the peak representative experts of soul path in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.”


 “He had once destroyed the nest of a group of ancient desolate beasts by himself, and had successfully escaped from the pursuit of an immemorial desolate beast.”


 Lady White Rabbit and the rest were talking.


 Yang Ku’s upper half was still inside the dream realm, while the lower half was exposed outside the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s main body used his killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 A ghost hand descended from the sky, it quickly went into Yang Ku’s immortal aperture.


 As the immortals watched, in just a few breaths of time, the ghost hand came out.


 It flew past Fang Yuan’s time path clone as it came to the top of the wisdom refinement formation, its five fingers opened up and tossed the newly stolen Immortal Gu into the formation.


 This was a rank seven soul path Immortal Gu!


 The Immortal Gu entered the wisdom refinement formation, it was immediately enveloped by the formation, and trapped in the center.


 “Activate it with full force!” The Gu Immortals inside the formation cried out.


 The wisdom refinement formation shined with a bright golden light, amidst the buzzing noises, the light of wisdom also gathered on the stolen Immortal Gu, rapidly refining it.


 Great thief ghost hand flew back to Yang Ku’s immortal aperture, it came out after a few breaths of time, bringing out a second Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was devour soul Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone nodded, with this Immortal Gu as the core, he could finally use the killer move devour soul.


 After great thief ghost hand tossed devour soul Immortal Gu into the wisdom refinement formation, it flew back to Yang Ku’s immortal aperture.


 For the following two times, it stole Immortal Gu again and finally plundered all of Yang Ku’s Immortal Gu.


 Some of the variant human Gu Immortals who were unaware saw this and revealed expressions of shock.


 Did Fang Yuan already modify great thief ghost hand so that it would always steal Immortal Gu?


 If that was the case, great thief ghost hand would be hundreds or thousands of times more powerful than before!


 But great thief ghost hand had indeed been modified.


 After Fang Yuan gained some results in comprehending the Steal Life true inheritance, he was able to specify the intended target for great thief ghost hand to steal.


 As long as Fang Yuan knew the target well, and where their Immortal Gu were, he could steal Immortal Gu every time.


 And in this case, Fang Yuan was completely aware of Yang Ku’s immortal aperture. Because in the previous life, he had stolen Gu and soul searched, he annexed the entire aperture, Yang Ku’s immortal aperture was fused into his own sovereign immortal aperture.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan looted Yang Ku dry of his Immortal Gu, using the wisdom refinement formation, he quickly refined them into his own.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone took away devour soul Immortal Gu as he instilled immortal essence, activating other Gu worms as well to form the killer move devour soul.


 This devour soul killer move was also modified, it was more effective than in the previous life.


 Fang Yuan drew in a breath, Yang Ku’s soul was drawn out.


 As a soul path Gu Immortal, Yang Ku’s soul was about to wake up the moment it left the dream realm, but Fang Yuan was prepared for this, he used a soul path killer move and sealed it.


 After taking away the Immortal Gu, Yang Ku was like a tiger without teeth.


 After his soul was taken, Yang Ku was a tiger without teeth that was having a fatal illness.


 “The final step, aperture retrieval!” Fang Yuan called out as he activated his killer move, pulling out Yang Ku’s immortal aperture from his body.


 The immortal aperture was forcefully sealed, it was turned into a light grey lump of light.


 Bai Ning Bing and two other Gu Immortals flew over at this moment.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone handed this grey light to Bai Ning Bing with deep caution, saying: “Go ahead.”


 He had deduced everything already.


 Bai Ning Bing held onto Yang Ku’s immortal aperture, she and the others flew towards Mini Southern Border.


 After confirming the location, Bai Ning Bing tossed, this grey-white light was fused into a certain mountain peak.


 Immediately, heaven and earth qi rumbled, the grey light exploded and became larger. The area outside the grey light cracked as mountains moved, there was a deafening noise.


 As the grey light expanded, it eventually turned back into the appearance of Yang Ku’s immortal aperture.


 “Be careful.” Bai Ning Bing called out sharply as the two immortals beside her got ready.


 Chirp chirp!


 Firstly, a group of flower wing white bone birds emitted a crow-like call as they flew outside rapidly.


 Next, the ground shook as a beast tide surged out towards Mini Southern Border from Yang Ku’s blessed land.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest had serious expressions but they were not flustered.


 Long ago, Fang Yuan had deduced this, he had made the necessary arrangements with great detail.


 The three immortals took action immediately.


 Bai Ning Bing soon dispersed the beast tide.


 While the flower wing white bone birds were also drawn away by a variant human Gu Immortal to another area.


 Yang Ku blessed land originally had a balanced ecology, the living beings inside lived harmoniously, but after fusing into Mini Southern Border, the balance that Yang Ku had created was broken, chaos ensued.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would definitely be flustered at this point.


 But Fang Yuan was calm and composed, he used his deep wisdom path attainment and the Gu Immortal subordinates that he had to control the situation.


 The chaos only lasted for a while before it vanished.


 One of the three immortals stayed behind to handle the loose ends while Bai Ning Bing and another variant human Gu Immortal flew towards Mini Yellow Heaven.


 On their way back, they saw another group of three Gu Immortals holding a pink lump of light as they flew towards Mini Southern Border.


 Great thief ghost hand, wisdom refinement formation, devour soul killer move, aperture retrieval method...


 Stealing Gu, refining Gu, separating soul from body, annexing immortal aperture, and suppressing the chaos, Fang Yuan arranged all these steps meticulously, it was done with much ease.


 Mainly due to his previous life’s experiences, Fang Yuan was very familiar with these captives.


 Days later, Fang Yuan almost finished dealing with all the captives, only Ba Shi Ba and Liu Hao were left.


 A huge dark inkstone vein was moved to the territory of the rockmen, Shi Shi Cheng was extremely happy upon seeing it.


 In Mini Southern Border, dozens of mountains appeared out of nowhere.


 Some mountains were even famous in Southern Border.


 Interior Rain Mountain, Copper Seal Mountain, Bone Bird Peak...


 The first supreme elder of the rockman tribe, Shi Zong, sighed deeply to himself: “Plundering and killing brings the most profits!”


 Because they were Southern Border Gu Immortals, most of the resources were placed in Mini Southern Border, while the other half of the resources were split into the other four mini regions as well as the mini nine heavens.


 Firstly, in Mini Central Continent, there was now a phantom shadow flower garden and a large fertile land filled with an enormous amount of immortal farmer soil.


 Secondly, there was a huge heaven pillar wind in Mini Northern Plains.


 Thirdly, a brand new sea area in Mini Eastern Sea, called wave flower sea area.


 Fourthly, in Mini Western Desert, a dozen hibiscus trees were planted, every branch of this tree was an immortal material!


 And his most important gain, Xia Cha grotto-heaven’s year essence pool.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan did not know that Xia Cha had a year essence pool, he had constructed one himself.


 Having two year essence pools did not have much use, the result was that he had wasted a lot of resources. Most of the resources that Fang Yuan extorted from the Southern Border righteous path forces were spent constructing this year essence pool.


 In this life, Fang Yuan directly took over Xia Cha’s year essence pool.


 Fang Yuan had been troubled by the year beasts, ancient year beasts, and immemorial year beasts, he immediately threw them into the year essence pool now.


 The immortals had huge waves of emotions, after experiencing much shock and surprise, they became numb.


 Fang Yuan plundered almost all of these Southern Border Gu Immortals’ life savings, he took everything without any wastage.


 “Lord Fang Yuan truly has a comprehensive array of attainment levels, he could annex so many immortal apertures of various paths without problems.”


 “His grotto-heaven is grand and vast, after annexing so many immortal apertures, it is still so stable and firm!”


 “This, this is simply a slaughter of livestock. These Gu Immortal experts were all like chickens falling in the hands of a butcher, their throats were slit, their blood was run dry, their feathers were plucked and they were cleaned and chopped up. This is truly...”


 The immortals were tongue-tied, some could not speak.


 Fang Yuan’s mass annexing of apertures had caused them to feel a chill in their hearts.


 It was as if these Gu Immortals were not Gu Immortals in Fang Yuan’s eyes, they were livestock ready for the slaughterhouse.


 Even rank eight Gu Immortals were no exception.


 This had a huge impact on these immortals, especially the variant human Gu Immortals, they were much more shocked now than during the ambush earlier!



***
Chapter 1791 - Getting Another Rule Path Rank Eight Immortal Gu


***





 



 An Immortal Gu floated in front of Fang Yuan, emitting rank eight aura.


 This Immortal Gu was like a cocoon but it was not white, it was pitch black like iron. When held, it gave a cold and hard metallic feeling.


 This was rank eight rule path Immortal Gu — Addition!


 It consumed pearl thread water as food.


 Pearl thread water was a rank eight water path immortal material, it looked like an ordinary type of crystal clear water on the surface, but if one placed their hand into the water, they would be able to grab onto water threads and pull them out of the water.


 The water threads were long and silky, pearls gathered along the threads as they linked together, creating a beautiful necklace made of pearls strung on a thread.


 But if the threads were pulled upwards continuously, the pearls would shrink until all the water became long threads.


 The Immortal Gu looked like an oval black cocoon, even though it had no mouth or holes, as long as it was submerged in the pearl thread water for eight days and night, it would be full, the next feeding would be eighty years later.


 “There are thirty-six years until the next feeding session, Ba Shi Ba already has enough pearl thread water, I can transact the rest away with Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan was very clear about this.


 Because he had already taken Ba Shi Ba’s Immortal Gu and soul.


 Ba Shi Ba had a lake in his immortal aperture, the lake was huge and contained a large number of ancient water spiders, as well as two immemorial water spiders, one male one female.


 The pearl thread water was the saliva of the immemorial water spiders, it was the essence formed after they lived a long time in water.


 It took a long time for them to accumulate droplet by droplet, if one did not collect it in time, the ancient water spiders would consume these pearl thread water to increase their strength.


 As a rule path Gu Immortal, Ba Shi Ba’s immortal aperture mostly had a rule path environment, he had spent a lot of effort to create this lake.


 The feeding of Immortal Gu was sometimes troublesome.


 For example, Ba Shi Ba had a rule path Immortal Gu but its food was pearl thread water.


 To be able to feed it, Ba Shi Ba had to create a water path resource point in his immortal aperture to produce pearl thread water, this was not easy for a rule path Gu Immortal.


 But for Fang Yuan, it was no issue.


 His Mini Eastern Sea was too huge, after the water spiders entered it, it felt like going from a village to a city.


 Fang Yuan could even give these water spiders an entire sea area to live in. With a large space and a more suitable water path environment, these water spiders would breed better and grow even more numerous.


 Fang Yuan who had sovereign immortal aperture was able to cultivate multiple paths, he had a huge advantage in raising Gu too.


 Ba Shi Ba’s Immortal Gu were all taken away.


 He only had one rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Other than that, there were some rank seven and six Immortal Gu, among them were two rank seven Immortal Gu, they were One and Three.


 Number Gu were the largest series of rule path Gu worms, one, two, three, four, five... they could be said to be limitless.


 Even though Fang Yuan had so many rank eight Immortal Gu, the truth was, it was very hard for a rank eight Gu Immortal to even have one rank eight Immortal Gu in normal situations.


 Ba Shi Ba had one, Xia Cha had two, that was because these two were the leaders of their righteous path super force, they had deep foundation and countless inheritances.


 Normal lone cultivator rank eights would not even be able to get a rank eight Immortal Gu. For example — Northern Plains’ Old Ancestor Xue Hu had great battle strength, he was the number one demonic Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, but he had no rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Even Heavenly Court had many rank eight Gu Immortals but few rank eight Immortal Gu, the ratio was terrible. In the previous life, when Longevity Heaven invaded Heavenly Court, there was quite an awkward situation, many rank eight Gu Immortals awakened but they did not have enough Immortal Gu to use.


 Ba Shi Ba’s most valuable killer move was the consecutive hit method.


 If he could get eighteen consecutive hits, Ba Shi Ba would be able to easily kill a rank eight Gu Immortal on his level. In the previous life, when he fought against Qing Ye, this Heavenly Court member was very wary of this, he tried very hard to prevent him from getting eighteen consecutive hits.


 Honestly speaking, Fang Yuan was a little disappointed.


 He originally thought that since Ba Shi Ba specialized in the consecutive hit method, his rank eight rule path Immortal Gu might be consecutive Gu, to think that it was addition Gu.


 Consecutive Gu was more famous than addition Gu, it was also more practical in different situations.


 With rank eight consecutive Gu, Fang Yuan could use it to link many different killer moves to achieve the effect of a consecutive move.


 Consecutive move was one of the techniques to utilize killer moves, by linking two or more killer moves together, they could unleash greater power. Normally, only elites among Gu Immortals could use this.


 Back then, Blazing Heaven Demoness possessed this technique.


 She created a consecutive move with angry bird and fire prison, it had great power.


 At least great grandmaster attainment level was needed to design consecutive moves.


 One could see that Blazing Heaven Demoness’ consecutive move used only fire path killer moves. But using consecutive Gu, one could link the killer moves of various paths! This difference was very significant.


 For example, Fang Yuan’s myriad ghost sword dragon and great thief ghost hand, or jade flow pearl and strength path giant hand... there were many possible combinations, he could raise his battle strength to an unprecedented level.


 Ba Shi Ba’s Immortal Gu, killer moves, and soul were taken by Fang Yuan, only his body and immortal aperture were left.


 Even though Fang Yuan could annex the aperture with his current attainment level, he decided to wait a while before doing it.


 Because after annexing the aperture, the timing of his upcoming tribulation would be reset.


 This was a minor detail but it was quite important.


 The annexing of immortal apertures was temporarily halted, but Bai Ning Bing and the rest were still extremely busy now.


 During this period of time, Fang Yuan plundered and annexed many immortal apertures, the numbers were shocking.


 The newly added blessed lands and grotto-heavens were too much, even though the sovereign immortal aperture was still stable, it had severely affected the ecology of the immortal aperture, there was quite a bit of chaos.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were busy dealing with the turmoil, earlier they had suppressed it with brute force, now they were meticulously resolving it. Whichever mountain needed to be moved, which river should be kept, which beast group should be relocated, while plants should be cultivated...


 All these laborious and lengthy tasks were all calculated by Fang Yuan through deductions, there was a perfect arrangement overall.


 This was the benefit of having wisdom path methods.


 The new set up would not only allow these resources to grow properly, they could even benefit each other, he had even considered the future annexing of Ba Shi Ba’s immortal aperture and Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, he had allocated the space for them in advance.


 Gu Immortals of other paths would have a huge headache thinking about it, they would not be able to arrange it this specifically, a lot of resources would be wasted. The losses incurred usually made many Gu Immortals feel severely pained.


 However, Fang Yuan was busier!


 His time path clone and his main body were both cultivating diligently, but they still felt they did not have enough time or energy.


 Fang Yuan wanted to split himself into several portions to work hard together.


 His rule path attainment level had risen.


 The attainment level was the foundation of Gu cultivation, with the rise in attainment level, many things would change, the immortal would transform greatly.


 Especially since rule path Gu could be widely used, after getting so many rule path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had to conceptualize more killer moves or integrate them into his killer moves, otherwise, he would be letting down his own hard work and planning!


 The immortal aperture management could be delegated to his subordinates to a large extent, but there were still many things that Fang Yuan had to do personally.


 The training of killer moves was an important aspect.


 Ba Shi Ba’s consecutive hit method could be set aside, while he was already familiar with Xia Cha’s time path methods, but Tao Zhu’s true inheritance had two main methods that Fang Yuan had to learn no matter what, they were extremely crucial.


 Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, Long Hair’s true inheritance, they were all incredibly profound, Fang Yuan would gain much insight every time he comprehended them.


 For example, Giant Sun’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan could not deduce the identity of Ba Shi Ba who had joined the Southern Border group that pursued him, that was because Southern Border’s righteous path had no lack of wisdom path Gu Immortals, they had concealed the secret well.


 What alerted Fang Yuan was the fact that his luck felt pressured for some reason.


 Later, during the battle, he observed carefully and finally discovered the threat of Ba Shi Ba.


 Fang Yuan’s luck path cultivation had grown a lot, if this was earlier, he would not be able to sense it.


 Other than Northern Plains Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan could reliably use luck path methods against his enemies, he would often gain unexpectedly good results.


 Because there were only three luck path true inheritances, arranged well by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they did not become widespread in the world.


 Even Heavenly Court was searching hard for them without any gains.


 The same went for Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Second was Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 Recently, if he had not gained new insight, Fang Yuan would not be able to modify great thief ghost hand.


 Third was Long Hair’s true inheritance. Even though Fang Yuan had quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, he still had gains when he looked at Long Hair’s true inheritance. Without considering other matters, the conceptualization of Gu as Before had much progress because Fang Yuan had researched Long Hair’s true inheritance multiple times.


 To speak the truth, this was the first time Fang Yuan had a feeling of being stuffed, he felt like he was having ‘indigestion’.


 His sovereign immortal aperture was very strong, it could absorb many immortal apertures while remaining stable.


 But he had to comprehend too many things, there were too many killer moves to modify, he had too many true inheritances to learn from.


 Each one of these true inheritances would change the future of a normal person, it would benefit their entire life, it would even influence the order of the world.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had too many true inheritances in his possession! Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, two Thieving Heaven true inheritances, Long Hair’s true inheritance which was on par with these venerable inheritances, and Tao Zhu’s true inheritance which was also quite powerful...


 Fang Yuan had countless Immortal Gu, he had enough rank eight Immortal Gu for almost all rank eight Gu Immortals in this world to feel ashamed about themselves.


 He even had rank nine Immortal Gu!


 And his subordinates.


 Different from the previous life, he had many subordinates in this life. Most of them were elites that were much stronger than the ordinary members of a super force.


 At this stage, Fang Yuan’s accumulation and foundation was already at a world-shocking level!


 As long as he had a period of time to fully process them, Fang Yuan’s strength would reach the peak of rank eight!


 But he lacked time!


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly to himself internally.


 In the previous life, he already felt that he had insufficient time, but it was worse in this life, this feeling was even more intense.


 Fang Yuan estimated, even though he had the light of wisdom, in this situation, he needed at least a hundred years to fully absorb everything and grasp these true inheritances, researching and innovating so that he could gain his own insights and create even greater results.


 “On one hand, I can modify the immortal aperture’s rate of time to get more time for myself.”


 “On the other hand, I need to explore more dream realms and raise my attainment levels. It was far easier for me to comprehend Long Hair’s true inheritance compared to the true inheritances of Thieving Heaven, Giant Sun, and Genesis Lotus.”


 “And finally, I need more manpower, I need more clones!”


 Under Fang Yuan’s expectant gaze, a few days later, Dang Hun Mountain finally got restored to its peak condition.


 This was far earlier than during his previous life!



***
Chapter 1792 - Shocking The World


***





 



 A crystal mountain stood tall within Mini Southern Border.


 It was pink throughout and gave off a dreamy illusory light, it was the famous secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e — Dang Hun Mountain.


 Right now, Dang Hun Mountain had almost fully regained its former glory.


 But it was not entirely repaired yet.


 Like the previous life, Fang Yuan was worried that Heavenly Court might have a method similar to Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move.


 Of course, it was already extremely close to complete restoration, the decline in guts Gu production was negligible, Fang Yuan could accept it.


 Rank six rockman Gu Immortal Shi Shi Cheng arrived before the mountain.


 Even though he knew that Fang Yuan had guts Gu, when he saw this legendary mountain personally, he was greatly stirred, excitement flashed in his eyes with incomparable light!


 “Dang Hun Mountain, guts Gu...” He muttered.


 Guts Gu had an incredible significance to the rockmen.


 Rockmen were all male, they had strong and tough bodies that created a huge burden on their soul. The more active a rockman was, the more damage their soul would receive. Thus, rockmen would spend eighty percent of their whole life sleeping and nurturing their soul.


 After an old rockman dies, the soul and rocks they split into will form new rockmen, and inherit a portion of the old rockman’s memories, or some important experiences. In some cases, old rockmen sleep too much and their soul foundation accumulates to a degree, they would split apart a portion of their bodies to form new tiny rockmen.


 This unique reproduction method meant that the rockman’s soul was the key to their strength.


 The stronger the rockman’s soul, the more rockmen they could reproduce.


 However, rockmen were variant humans that possessed earth path dao marks from birth, it conflicted with soul path. Thus, soul path methods that could increase the strength of their soul were very rare for the rockmen.


 But guts Gu was different, it was formed from a secluded domain of heaven and earth, even though it was a mortal Gu, its ability to strengthen the soul could affect even Gu Immortals. After a rockman used it, the effect would be quite extraordinary. Back then, when Fang Yuan had just obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, he also nurtured some rockmen.


 Shi Shi Cheng looked at Dang Hun Mountain as he could almost see the rise of his entire rockman tribe, they had a way to become stronger now, how could he not feel excited?


 His emotions surged intensely, he felt that the decision to follow Fang Yuan was extremely wise for both him and the rockman tribe.


 Fang Yuan was observing all of Shi Shi Cheng’s expressions.


 He was quite satisfied by it.


 This time, Fang Yuan purposely asked Shi Shi Cheng to come over while collecting guts Gu, it was to lure him and feel that the future was bright, as long as he followed Fang Yuan, he would gain an incredible amount of benefits.


 After a while, Shi Shi Cheng calmed down as he started to control the formation.


 Fang Yuan had formation path and soul path attainment, he did not lack Immortal Gu, furthermore, soul path cultivation was most important right now, he went around Dang Hun Mountain and set up an immortal formation.


 Shi Shi Cheng was given permission by Fang Yuan to manipulate the formation.


 The formation resonated, a grey-blue light was shot out, it was like fog or smoke, quickly surrounding the whole of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Dang Hun Mountain shook lightly, the pink crystal mountain gave off a faint light that quickly dyed the grey-blue fog into a pink color.


 The pink color spread in the fog and quickly covered the entire formation.


 There was a large number of soul beasts and soul cores inside the formation.


 Under the effect of the pink fog, the soul beasts and soul cores vanished rapidly without a trace.


 After a while of operation, guts Gu started forming, going from single digits to the thousands.


 Shi Shi Cheng expressed deep shock on his face.


 “What sort of efficiency is this!”


 “The number of guts Gu is still increasing so rapidly, it is reaching tens of thousands soon.”


 This soul path formation was created by modifying the contents of Spectral Soul true inheritance, along with Fang Yuan’s own Immortal Gu, he named it soul expending myriad guts formation.


 It produced at least ten thousand guts Gu each time!


 This was definitely more efficient than using Dang Hun Mountain alone.


 Of course, the condition was that he needed enough soul beasts and soul cores to create ten thousand guts Gu.


 Fang Yuan had already prepared sufficiently.


 Earlier, he had arranged cooperation with Fang clan to develop the green ghost desert in Western Desert.


 This was a way to obtain soul beasts stably in huge quantity.


 Even though Fang Yuan had such a terrifying appetite for soul beasts and soul cores, green ghost desert was able to fulfill his needs with great ease.


 This desert was too huge, it had countless soul beasts, it was truly a soul path giant resource point!


 It was a pity that this desert was inside the territory of Fang clan which cultivated formation path.


 And Qing Chou was still hiding inside green ghost desert, it was a huge threat. As long as it remained, green ghost desert would have a fatal danger, it was not a safe place.


 Fang Yuan did not even think of buying soul cores in treasure yellow heaven or extorting Southern Border’s Yang clan, because doing that would leak some important information.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan only repaired Dang Hun Mountain a long time after now, even after he repaired it, he lacked immortal essence, soul beasts, and soul cores, his progress was greatly delayed.


 This time around, not only did he repair Dang Hun Mountain early, he even had a good supply of soul beasts and soul cores, this would allow his soul path foundation to rise rapidly.


 Fang Yuan’s soul went into the soul expending myriad guts formation directly.


 With the use of the formation to help him absorb guts Gu, Fang Yuan used ten thousand guts Gu in an instant.


 The effect of guts Gu was so evident, his soul inflated like a balloon, becoming a giant in just a few breaths of time.


 Fang Yuan’s soul flew out of the formation, arriving at Luo Po Valley who was nearby.


 Bewilderment fog covered his soul as it started to become looser.


 Luo Po wind cut and sliced his soul, the wounds that it created were incomparably painful!


 Pain, pain, pain!


 This pain originated from the depths of the soul, it was more painful than dying by a thousand cuts, Fang Yuan was almost going berserk.


 But he controlled himself, a moment later, he flew out with a heavily damaged soul.


 Going back into the soul path formation, he used the guts Gu to recover as his size expanded again.


 Guts Gu was the most perfect nutrient for the soul, while the cultivation in Luo Po Valley made his soul as tempered as steel, all the impurities were removed.


 Like this, after three rounds, Fang Yuan’s soul reached ten million man soul!


 Shi Shi Cheng, who was controlling the formation became tongue-tied, he was extremely shocked, being in disbelief.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were the sacred lands for soul cultivation, their reputation was deeply justified.


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself, thinking: “The toughest part is finally over.”


 Earlier, because his soul foundation was expending rapidly, he was almost forced to use other soul foundation methods.


 Even though these soul path methods were exceptional, they all had drawbacks, only Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were perfect in their usage.


 For example, it was like lifespan extension methods compared to lifespan Gu.


 “Oh my heavens...” Shi Shi Cheng praised as he sighed deeply.


 He had finally reacted and accepted this dream-like truth.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation rose like he was on a rocket, it almost shattered Shi Shi Cheng’s common sense, his sense of value and life were also in deep chaos.


 He could not express his agitated feelings in words, his fingers were trembling.


 “As long as we follow Lord Fang Yuan and walk behind him, our rockman tribe will definitely reach the peak of this world!”


 “With these two soul path sacred lands, we will have foundation that surpasses the five regions’ Gu Immortal world.”


 Shi Shi Cheng had no idea that Fang Yuan was not satisfied yet: “It is a pity I do not have pacifying soul soup, otherwise, my soul path cultivation speed will be even faster and more terrifying!”


 Wisdom path cultivation emphasized on three aspects of thoughts, wills and emotions. Soul path also had three aspects of strengthening, refining, and pacifying the soul.


 The former two had the ultimate methods of cultivation, they were Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley. Meanwhile, pacifying soul soup from the Bewitching Lake would pacify the soul, this was recorded in u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e.


 After reaching a certain level of soul cultivation, the soul would gradually detach from the body, the soul (a portion) would fly out and result in incidents like blanking out or being physically unconscious.


 At this time, drinking pacifying soul soup would resolve this problem.


 Fang Yuan did not have pacifying soul soup, he could only use other methods instead, they were not as good as his other two cultivation methods.


 This also caused Fang Yuan to only be able to cultivate soul path once in a while. Even though the efficiency was already out of this world, Shi Shi Cheng was nearly shocked to death, but if he had pacifying soul soup, he could almost endlessly cultivate without stopping.


 Haste makes waste, Fang Yuan had to temporarily halt his soul cultivation.


 A commotion occurred in treasure yellow heaven.


 Heavenly Court started to spread rumors that Fang Yuan was reaching rank eight soon, he might be undergoing tribulation very soon, he was close to his rank eight tribulation.


 Other than that, information that Fang Yuan captured the Southern Border Gu Immortals had also been spread by Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan sneered:” This must be the work of Fairy Zi Wei.”


 In the previous life, Fairy Zi Wei did this too, but that was at a later time.


 In this life, Fang Yuan progressed rapidly and gave Fairy Zi Wei immense pressure, she used this method earlier than last time.


 In fact, this move was quite vicious.


 Fairy Zi Wei would be able to borrow the strength of every Gu Immortal that feared Fang Yuan and did not want him to reach rank eight, they would pursue and deal with him.


 In the previous life, during the Five Regional Mountain Range battle, Fang Yuan used this to his advantage as he made use of these Gu Immortals’ intentions.


 “If not for the sovereign immortal aperture, I would fall into Fairy Zi Wei’s trap and she would gain initiative in this matter.”


 “Now that she is spreading rumors like this, it means she has not discovered the true secret of the sovereign immortal body.”


 “Of course, it is possible that she knew but pretended not to, spreading out rumors like this as the start of her devious plan.”


 Fang Yuan started to use wisdom path methods as he thought intensely.


 A moment later, a sharp light flashed in his eyes, he made a new decision.


 “In this case, I will not wait around aimlessly, let’s expose your star cast killer move, as well as news of Chen Yi’s and Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s death.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was trying to borrow strength, Fang Yuan was doing the same.


 Compared to Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court was a bigger source of wariness and fear among the four regions.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court’s Gu refinement was met with the attack of all four regions, Fang Yuan’s spread of information had a lot to do with it.


 “This time, I will reveal my battle strength, after all, I cannot conceal the matter in Southern Border anymore.”


 “Since the world will be shocked by it, let’s go ahead and make them fear me even more.”


 “This way, it will help with my extortion of the Southern Border righteous path later.”


 As expected, Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court exposed information about each other once more, it caused countless Gu Immortals to gasp in shock.


 Information spread like wildfire, soon, the entire Gu Immortal world knew about it.


 The world was shocked!



***
Chapter 1793 - Little Demon Venerable


***





 



 “So all of Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals in Lang Ya blessed land had died!”


 “Unbelievable, Thunder Ghost True Monarch is a legendary character, she had once fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Meanwhile, Chen Yi is also the former first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he possesses Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “These two experts actually died at Fang Yuan’s hands? This is simply unthinkable!”


 “Not just that, this demon Fang Yuan did not stop there, he even went to target Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. Southern Border’s Xia Cha, Ba Shi Ba, and the other rank seven experts were all captured.”


 “How does he have such battle strength? He is only rank seven.”


 “Against Heavenly Court, he used Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation. Against Southern Border, he used a time path super formation.”


 “There are too many suspicious points here, even now, I still can’t believe it.”


 “It should be true, Heavenly Court and Southern Border did not dispute him!”


 “Fang Yuan... this demon is getting increasingly scary. It has only been such a short time, yet he already killed and captured a bunch of rank seven and rank eight experts.”


 “Hahaha, Southern Border’s righteous path has lost a lot of face this time.”


 “That’s not entirely true, even Heavenly Court failed against Fang Yuan after all.”


 “Fang Yuan is only a rank seven, how can his methods be so extraordinary?!”


 “I finally understand now, a person like Fang Yuan does not conform to logic or common sense.”


 “He has the air of a Demon Venerable! Weren’t all the past Demon Venerables like this when they were still young? Easily fighting above their rank and killing rank eight experts with ease!”


 “Hmm, that is true...”


 “It is a pity that only Great Dream Immortal Venerable exists in the future, there is no Demon Venerable. This is not Fang Yuan’s era.”


 “You are wrong about that, Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged Heavenly Court’s fate Gu, the future is not certain!”


 “Fang Yuan is already so vicious at rank seven, he has committed so many crimes, what will happen when he reaches rank eight?”


 “That’s right, while he is still rank seven, we need to kill him, this is the final chance to exterminate him.”


 “Too difficult! Even Heavenly Court has not found his location...”


 “Fang Yuan is not only vicious, he is also cunning. He is an otherworldly demon who has reborn, he has too many methods. Ordinary experts are courting death if they approach him, even rank eight Gu Immortals need to be careful and not fall into his schemes.”


 “But if one can kill Fang Yuan, the gains are tremendous.”


 “That’s true, Fang Yuan has many venerable true inheritances, he has countless resources, Spring Autumn Cicada, Fixed Immortal Travel, and other Immortal Gu, he even has multiple secluded domains of heaven and earth... he is basically a super force on his own!”


 The Gu Immortal world of the five regions went into chaos, Fang Yuan became the talk of all the Gu Immortals wherever they went.


 Gu Immortals felt hatred, fear, and jealousy towards him, they had complex emotions.


 If Fang Yuan had become renowned earlier from escaping Thunder Ghost True Monarch’s assault and selling her rib bones in treasure yellow heaven, then now, with the blood of rank eight experts on his hands, and after capturing a large number of Gu Immortal experts, Fang Yuan’s name now shocked the world!


 He had used reverse flow protection seal in the past to fight against rank eight Gu Immortals, he was known as the number one rank seven expert.


 But now, not just rank six and seven Gu Immortals, even most rank eights were wary of Fang Yuan, they did not dare to look down on him.


 A new title regarding Fang Yuan gradually gained recognition among the Gu Immortals — Little Demon Venerable!


 This title displayed the potential and disposition that Fang Yuan had towards becoming a Demon Venerable, he could be said to be a future Demon Venerable that was still growing.


 This was a high evaluation.


 In human history, through the eras, Gu Immortal experts were countless like the shining stars in the sky, but how many venerables were there?


 Adding them all together, they amounted to ten.


 And now, the Gu Immortal world recognized that Fang Yuan had hopes of becoming a venerable himself!


 Of course, other than the discussions involving Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court was also the target of their discussion.


 The things that Fang Yuan exposed, like star cast, made the Gu Immortals in the four regions extremely shocked.


 Especially the righteous path super forces, they felt like they were on pins and needles.


 Star cast had a huge significance in war, it allowed Central Continent and Heavenly Court to deploy Gu Immortals and attack suddenly without needing time to travel.


 This gave Heavenly Court the complete initiative.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals of the four regions were usually leaders of their force, they could not band together in anticipation of star cast, right?


 In that case, Heavenly Court had a chance to use star cast to attack one rank eight with multiple rank eight battle strength existences.


 Within Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was grim.


 Even though she had expected this, when it truly happened, she still felt quite gloomy.


 Fairy Zi Wei did not want to let Fang Yuan off, Fang Yuan was also not going to let Heavenly Court have an easy time.


 This was an open fight that dealt damage to both sides, they were both losers.


 But the person who suffered the biggest setback was probably Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 He had just advanced to rank six, he had just gained the powers of a Gu Immortal, his confidence had just risen when this nightmarish news appeared!


 Fang Yuan was actually able to defeat Heavenly Court, even Southern Border’s righteous path forces were helpless against him!


 Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level but he defied logic, even rank eight Gu Immortals were not his match!!


 “I...” After hearing this news for the first time, Fang Zheng had a lot of things to say but he ended up speechless.


 After a long while, he muttered to himself with a pale expression: “I... was truly too naive.”


 He smiled bitterly: “Fang Yuan... the difference between us, is it really this big?”


 This pitiful younger brother still had no idea that Fang Yuan was already a rank eight expert.


 The truth was, the entire world was fooled by Fang Yuan.


 And it was not a surprise!


 Because even Fairy Zi Wei did not know of the sovereign immortal aperture’s true secret.


 If Fang Yuan wants to ascend to rank eight, he would need to undergo tribulation, regardless of success or failure, important clues would be left behind.


 If he was really rank eight now, the speed of growth was just too fast! Other Gu Immortals work hard and spend years cultivating like they were treading on thin ice, weren’t they completely useless people if he actually succeeded?


 Fang Yuan looked at the discussions.


 “To think that a day would come when I am a hotter topic than Heavenly Court.”


 Fang Yuan did not know whether to laugh or cry.


 Even though the other Gu Immortals were focusing on him more than on Heavenly Court, he did not feel disappointment.


 Because Fang Yuan knew that the super forces in the four regions were now discussing on how to deal with Heavenly Court! Long ago, predecessors had already foreseen the changes in the future, for example, Yao clan in Southern Border. Now that the earth veins moved and the great era was impending, most super forces already knew that the regional walls would vanish, and that the five regions chaotic war would start in the future.


 “Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, Heavenly Court, just you wait and see!”


 Fang Yuan was paying attention to the discussions while noting the ink effect.


 He knew that by researching these changes, he would benefit greatly in his comprehension of fate, all living beings, and the world.


 “Recalling my actions post-rebirth, directly annexing Lang Ya blessed land was the best initial action I took.”


 “One step ahead and I will always be ahead. My advantages grew rapidly like a rolling snowball, this is the advantage of rebirth!”


 “Of course, I also have the advantage of being a complete otherworldly demon.”


 “And most importantly, all these are thanks to Red Lotus damaging fate Gu!”


 Compared to the previous life, he had much more gains this time, but disadvantageous ink effects were also taking place.


 Firstly, Southern Border’s rule path rank eight expert Ba Shi Ba was captured by Fang Yuan and would get annexed soon, he did not end up well.


 This meant that when Wu Yong leads the Southern Alliance to fight Central Continent, they would lose one powerful ally.


 During the battle in the previous life, Ba Shi Ba was one of the main pillars on Fang Yuan’s side who resisted Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Qing Ye.


 Meanwhile, because Fang Yuan took away the five regional true inheritance and destroyed the Five Regional Mountain Range, the ambush battle would not occur there.


 Heavenly Court’s member Jun Shen Guang had been captured by Fang Yuan in the previous life during that battle, but now he was still free.


 Other than that, Heavenly Court had another rank eight Gu Immortal, that was Prince Feng Xian.


 “Within treasure yellow heaven, my dragonfish business is facing intense suppression, the profits are almost close to zero.”


 In the previous life, even though this also happened, Fairy Zi Wei had been provoked by Fang Yuan in this life, the actions that Heavenly Court took were more than ten times as forceful!


 Furthermore, the dragonfish business was also prematurely targeted at this time period.


 “Thankfully, I annexed so many immortal apertures, I gained a large number of revenue sources.”


 “But in the previous life, Fairy Zi Wei worked with Southern Border’s righteous path to target my businesses.”


 “I wonder if this will happen earlier this time? Will they intensify their actions like what happened to the dragonfish business?”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, it was very likely.


 There was also another bad result that had occurred, it involved Longevity Heaven.


 In the previous life, Longevity Heaven annexed Lang Ya blessed land, by giving them equal status, their reputation rose sharply, allowing Longevity Heaven to unite the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, Bing Sai Chuan and the rest managed to invade Heavenly Court.


 This time, not only did Lang Ya blessed land get annexed by Fang Yuan, with Longevity Heaven getting nothing, Prince Feng Xian also returned to Heavenly Court. With such a huge traitor in Northern Plains’ righteous path, not only did the Huang Jin bloodline members lose face, Longevity Heaven was also implicated.


 The outside world was in chaos, but Fang Yuan was not affected.


 He waited and developed at a corner, moving his location constantly, his enemies had no lead on him.


 His soul cultivation advanced rapidly, but he was still a distance away from using split soul.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was focused on deductions, while his main body practised killer moves!


 He was very familiar with Xia Cha’s killer moves, all his accumulations in the previous life were brought over through rebirth.


 Fang Yuan was focusing on the contents of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.


 Immortal killer move — Five Restriction Profound Light Qi!


 Gu worms spiraled, immortal essence was injected, a grand light qi burst out like a fountain.


 It was purple-black in color, the smoky appearance resembled light, making one think of Southern Border’s miasma regional wall at first glance.


 This was the southern restriction purple-black miasma light qi!


 The other four were central restriction white-gold saint light qi, northern restriction jade licorice light qi, western restriction red raging flame light qi, and eastern restriction blue water light qi.


 Fang Yuan had just started learning it, he could only unleash one type of light qi, he could not summon two light qi at once.


 As for the other five regional limit formation, because he lacked earth vein Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could not use it now.


 According to his memories, earth vein Immortal Gu had not appeared at this point in time.


 And even if he had earth vein Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan also needed to modify the five regional limit formation, he needed to add in the Formation Spirit and formation flag Gu.



***
Chapter 1794 - Myriad Year Flying Warship


***





 



 Practising killer moves was not easy, the Gu Immortal could suffer backlash and injuries with just slight carelessness.


 The more powerful the killer moves, the greater the risks. But it was necessary to practise as well, they could not just use killer moves blindly during a battle, right? In fact, the environment during a battle was worse as there would be strong retaliation from the enemy.


 There were many cases in history where Gu Immortals failed in activating their killer move and faced the backlash, suffering deep injuries and even dying.


 Among them, there were plenty of cases where they died while practising killer moves.


 Fang Yuan was practising five restriction profound light qi which was a very powerful killer move, so he was extremely focused and careful.


 He had yet to choose between five restriction profound light qi and five regional limit formation.


 The two could not be used together, it was very difficult to set up a formation when on the verge of battle. And even if the five regional limit formation was set up, it was difficult to disassemble it. During a battle, having five regional limit formation meant five restriction profound light qi could not be used.


 From the point of flexibility, five restriction profound light qi was better.


 But formation path had its own advantages.


 Once five regional limit formation was set up, it was akin to having a prepared immortal killer move that could be used at any time, Fang Yuan would have huge initiative to go on the offensive.


 An example was the recent ambush by using the years flow execution formation.


 Be it the previous life or this life, this battle was the achievement that Fang Yuan was the most pleased with.


 Not only because his gains were plentiful, the more important reason was that the whole battle was always in his control, he managed to steer the entire battle in the direction that he set. This was not easy to achieve normally.


 Any plan seemed perfect before it was put into practice. When it was truly implemented, even Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven were unable to have control over the situation.


 The most important factor that helped Fang Yuan’s ambush succeed was that time path immortal formation.


 As long as the formation was set, formation path Gu Immortals could often win against stronger foes!


 But formation path’s flaw was that it was not mobile and had many inflexible areas.


 The absolute majority of the immortal formations could not be moved once set. A formation path Gu Immortal might have set up a powerful formation, but the enemy would detour around once they discover it, there were plenty of such embarrassing situations recorded in history.


 Thus, Chi Qu You and Fairy Zi Wei were astonished that Fang Yuan’s time path formation could be so hidden that it worked on the Southern Border immortals.


 There was another point as well, setting up an immortal formation was not easy and took a long time, five to six days would be the least, two to three months was normal, there were even those that took a couple of years.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court had begun setting up the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation a year earlier. But after this formation was set up, the sub-formations could be created extremely quickly. This was the method left by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it could not be looked down upon.


 Even though it was extremely fast, creating sub-formations still required some time. In the previous life, Chen Yi’s group had to come out and hold back Wu Yong’s group so that the Gu Immortals behind could set up the sub-formations.


 Many super immortal formations were also not something that Gu Immortals could create casually.


 In the previous life’s great war, Wu Yong and others were assistants, Chi Qu You, Fang Yuan, and Black Extremity were the ones in charge of setting up the formation.


 The Long Hair refinement path formation in Lang Ya blessed land was also not set up by Long Hair Ancestor, he had requested long ago for formation path great expert Immortal Lady Jiu Hua to make it.


 Fang Yuan estimated that if he chose five regional limit formation, he would need at least half a year to set it up.


 Fortunately, he could use the difference in rate of time between his immortal aperture and the outside world to greatly mitigate this flaw.


 In his plan, the new five regional limit formation would merge the earth vein, Formation Flag and Formation Spirit. With these three, Fang Yuan could first set up the formation inside sovereign grotto-heaven then take it out when he needed it.


 However, Fang Yuan had yet to deduce this new five regional limit formation.


 In this period of time, Fang Yuan’s time path clone was deducing an Immortal Gu House again.


 Immortal Gu Houses were also Gu formations, they were developed from formation path. Initially, many formation path Gu Immortals felt the inconvenience and inflexibility of formations, they did not even have time to set up formations when there were sudden battles.


 In history, there were many cases where some formation path Gu Immortals and even those great experts would suddenly run into a battle and be unable to display any of their strength; it would be considered fortunate if they only lost the battle, many actually died in battle while having much grievances.


 The initial concept for Immortal Gu Houses was a portable immortal formation.


 Previously, the time path clone had been extremely busy managing the immortal aperture or being under the light of wisdom to deduce many things.


 And Fang Yuan’s main body was busy in practising killer moves and using the remaining time to cultivate his soul as well as managing his immortal aperture.


 The number of killer moves continued to increase, his soul foundation also soared with every cultivation session, his immortal aperture management was also smooth-sailing. The main thing was he had an elite group of Gu Immortal subordinates helping him.


 The year essence pool was important as it was the resting place of year beasts.


 It contained many advantages, it saved space as the year beasts lived here, it also produced time path Gu worms, and could even control the time flow of the immortal aperture, it was a micro River of Time!


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had to bitterly gather the resources to form a year essence pool, but he found Xia Cha also had a year essence pool after annexing her immortal aperture!


 In this life, he directly took the year essence pool which was already well-constructed by Xia Cha, but it was not good enough according to Fang Yuan’s vision and plan.


 Over these days, Fang Yuan and his subordinate Gu Immortals were focused on fine-tuning the structure of the year essence pool, which showed to be very effective.


 Fang Yuan put his immemorial year beasts inside and they were so pleased that they did not want to come out. As far as year beasts were concerned, there was food and water here, and they felt most comfortable soaking in water of the River of Time. Most importantly, there were no enemies, they were all kin unlike in the true River of Time.


 Year beasts and eagle groups had always been burdens of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Now, the year beasts’ problem was solved and the aspect of eagle beasts made huge progress.


 To create a food chain for the eagle beasts, Fang Yuan first created many eagle nests, then he chose grass weaving birds to be eagle beasts’ food. This kind of bird was also called birds weaving grass.


 This bird was rather special.


 During spring, they were only seeds, once the seeds grew on the soil, they would gradually form a grassland.


 When summer came, the grass would weave with each other, forming the shapes of birds. These birds flew in groups, these were grass weaving birds.


 In autumn, they migrated in groups.


 When winter came, they would fall to the ground, their figures would dissipate and turn back into seeds. The seeds would be buried under the snow, waiting to sprout in spring.


 This species of bird was easy to raise and they reproduced quite fast. Although the eagle beasts did not like to eat these birds, the food chain was just established, and they had nothing else for food, how could they be picky?


 Spring Gu and summer Gu were already refined by Fang Yuan and could be used for this purpose.


 He stationed a Gu Immortal in the mini nine heavens to look after the place before activating the killer move.


 He had modified two killer moves.


 One was called spring sprout which used rank eight Immortal Gu Spring as the core and wood sprout Immortal Gu as the supplementary, it sprouted the birds weaving grass planted in cloud soil and quickly dyed the large patch of cloud soil green.


 Another move was summer days, it used rank eight Immortal Gu Summer as the core and some light path Immortal Gu as supplementary to form blazing sunlight; the grass weaving birds started flying, their amount increased rapidly to an extremely astonishing scale.


 The hungry eagle groups finally had something to fill their hunger; Fang Yuan also was free from the plight of having to purchase food from outside.


 But because planting birds weaving grass led to large expenditure of cloud soil, Fang Yuan now had to purchase cloud soil. Activating killer moves also expended rank eight immortal essence, calculating everything, Fang Yuan’s expenditure was slightly larger than before when he was just feeding eagles.


 This was a problem which was always present when creating a food chain.


 At this period of time in his previous life, Fang Yuan had not made any plans regarding the eagles. In this life, he had many assets and did not care about this cost as he could totally afford it.


 This led to another problem.


 The two time path killer moves changed the surrounding environment to spring at one moment and summer at the next moment. It was a great stimulation to the eagles, causing many of the female eagles to lay eggs in spring.


 And, because the switch between spring and summer was too sudden and frequent, without the adjustment and recuperation of autumn and winter, the eagles became increasingly violent and there were many bloody conflicts when eagles fought over their mating partners.


 During such moments, the Gu Immortal whom Fang Yuan sent acted as a nanny.


 This simple food chain was just in the initial form, there would still be more parts added in the future to form a complete and stable food chain.


 This was not a complete disadvantage, at the very least, Fang Yuan gained many eagle eggs.


 Unlike year beasts which had the year essence pool that mimicked the environment of the River of Time, eagle beasts were much more troublesome to arrange.


 A complete food chain involved all kinds of aspects where changing one aspect would alter the whole situation. Sometimes, even a tiny caterpillar might have a wide-ranging influence on the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan still needed to consider the future.


 Right now, the sovereign immortal aperture still had a vast empty space, deducing matters related to this was more difficult than deducing a rank six immortal killer move.


 The amount of such deductions would become even more terrifying in future.


 Stable management of the immortal aperture, annexing blessed lands, and gradually absorbing grotto-heavens had already filled so many places with resources that it surpassed most of the Gu Immortals’ in the world.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone deduced without rest, finally gaining success.


 Immortal Gu House — Myriad Year Flying Warship!


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had always wanted to build an Immortal Gu House to explore the River of Time as well as to let his subordinates join the battles of rank eights.


 Unfortunately, he tried many times but did not achieve much success. His first incomplete Immortal Gu House was destroyed by Li Huang, he then rebuilt it later, after extorting Southern Border’s righteous path, he had all kinds of Gu worms and managed to build an Immortal Gu House, but it was firmly disadvantaged in the battle in Central Continent and was not of much use.


 In this life, he learned his lesson and for now lowered the standard he had, conceptualizing a time path Immortal Gu House.



***
Chapter 1795 - Gu as Before Formation


***





 



 Heavenly Court.


 The project of constructing Eternal Yacht was already at its most crucial moment.


 Heavenly Court rank eight rule path Gu Immortal Cong Yan took out an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was like an extremely splendid and luxurious centipede that was the size of a forearm and was completely golden, with countless thin and small spikes on its back.


 It was rule path Immortal Gu — Permanence.


 This Gu was used in Heavenly Court’s Eternal Sand Cave but was now taken out to construct Eternal Yacht.


 “The final step.” Cong Yan took a deep breath as he solemnly and carefully sent permanence Gu into the incomplete Eternal Yacht Immortal Gu House.


 The incomplete Immortal Gu House absorbed the Gu; its aura began to be unsteady, rising and falling before rapidly falling out of control.


 Cong Yan’s expression changed greatly: “Oh no!”


 Bam.


 A thunderous explosion occurred, the incomplete Immortal Gu House shattered. Countless mortal Gu died and many supplementary Immortal Gu were damaged.


 Only permanence Gu suffered no damage, it was protected firmly by Cong Yan even at the cost of suffering heavy injuries.


 Permanence Gu was the core, it could not be harmed, unlike other supplementary Immortal Gu which could be replaced even if destroyed.


 At the same time.


 Fairy Zi Wei left Heavenly Court and descended to Central Continent, arriving at Duke Long’s location.


 “I have succeeded in learning shatter dream!” Feng Jin Huang raised her arms, exclaiming in joy.


 Fairy Zi Wei had not thought she would personally witness this important growth of Feng Jin Huang.


 She was inwardly shocked as she looked at the broken dream realm fragments that were like broken mirror fragments.


 Feng Jin Huang’s progress in dream path was far beyond her expectations.


 Duke Long sent away Feng Jin Huang who was jumping with joy, and asked Fairy Zi Wei about her purpose for visiting.


 Fairy Zi Wei said truthfully: “Lord, these last days, I have been feeling uneasy but cannot find the reason, so I came to ask for your guidance.”


 Duke Long nodded: “Is there any progress in deducing Fang Yuan?”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s brows furrowed and revealed a vexed expression: “Fang Yuan’s defense in wisdom path is airtight, I have used all my strength but cannot deduce anything about him.”


 Duke Long comforted: “Your previous plans against him were already good, even I cannot plan a strategy like that, after all I am not a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Have you destroyed fixed space Immortal Gu?”


 “The refinement path killer move on those Gu worms have yet to activate. But I have already ordered Yuan Qiong Du to be ready at all times.”


 Duke Long nodded: “Looks like it is not easy for Fang Yuan to plunder the Gu worms from the Gu Immortal captives.”


 Thinking for a bit, he asked: “Have you looked into Spectral Soul?”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s reply was direct: “He is only a remnant soul and a prisoner with no immortal essence or Immortal Gu. After the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land, I have paid extra ‘attention’ to him, there is no issue with him.”


 Duke Long sighed: “Maybe it is him.”


 “Who?”


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s heart shook, she heard Duke Long continue: “How is the progress with finding Red Lotus’ true inheritances?”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned unsightly: “Present and Past Pavilion has been in the River of Time all along, as long as Fang Yuan enters, we will definitely know. But earlier, Eternal Yacht’s construction failed, we need to redo it again. I still plan to construct Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, Shark Flow Lever, and Moment Stage. With these five time path Immortal Gu Houses, even if we cannot find Red Lotus’ true inheritances, we also won’t let Fang Yuan get to them!”


 Duke Long replied: “The first four are okay, but the core Immortal Gu of the fifth Moment Stage is the Immortal Gu in Million Heavenly King Gallery.”


 Fairy Zi Wei: “This is the most stable plan among the ones I deduced.”


 Duke Long attached high importance to Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan would never compare to Red Lotus Demon Venerable. He said deeply: “Red Lotus’ true inheritances are the greatest variable, blockading the River of Time with five time path Immortal Gu Houses is indeed a safe method. We shall go with your plan then.”


 “Although I don’t cultivate formation path, I know the difficulty in constructing an Immortal Gu House, don’t put blame on Cong Yan.”


 “Yes, Lord Duke Long.”


 Because of the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court was even more aggressive this time, and they were moving with a tight pace.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s immortal ascension was only one aspect, Eternal Yacht was also being constructed, and they had also added the fifth time path Immortal Gu House!


 This ink effect was unknown to Fang Yuan.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “This is the most crucial part, years flow like water Immortal Gu, go.” Fang Yuan willed it and an Immortal Gu shot towards the front.


 When it entered the incomplete Immortal Gu House, there was a dazzling radiance.


 The radiance was absorbed and emitted, flickering between bright and dark.


 Fang Yuan was controlling the whole situation with all his concentration.


 Countless thoughts welled up in his mind like surging waves in the sea, his accumulated will was melting like snow.


 His main body was soaked in sweat in just a short while. The time path clone was also brought here to help out, he was forcibly enduring the stress, his face was pale as paper and his body was on the verge of collapsing.


 All these painstaking efforts were not in vain.


 The multicolored radiance gradually merged, forming a clear and bright blue light.


 The light was no longer flickering between bright and dark, it gradually stabilized.


 Finally, when the blue light completely retracted and vanished, an Immortal Gu House revealed itself.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Its core was years flow like water Immortal Gu, which elevated this Immortal Gu House to rank eight!


 Fang Yuan’s first creation was directly a rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Years Flow Like Water’s main use was to produce year Gu. The countless year Gu it produced were used to feed Fang Yuan’s year beasts.


 But now, there was a complete and stable food chain because of the year essence pool, Fang Yuan let the year beasts be self-sufficient inside here and could now use years flow like water Immortal Gu for other purposes.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu was created by Hei Fan, it specialized in logistics and was an outstanding Immortal Gu in the aspect of immortal aperture development, but it lacked offensive power.


 Fang Yuan fulfilled Hei Fan’s wish by using it to form a rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Besides years flow like water Immortal Gu, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s main supplementary Immortal Gu were two rank seven Immortal Gu – Precaution and Fight.


 The former had been used by Fang Yuan in divination tortoise transformation along with vajra thought Immortal Gu, but this level of transformation killer move was no longer suitable for Fang Yuan currently, so he used it to increase the defensive power of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 The latter was rule path Immortal Gu Fight, but it was never used properly because Fang Yuan did not have high attainment level in rule path previously as well as having few rule path dao marks. It was only recently that his rule path attainment level had increased steeply.


 Rule path was the path with the widest range of use, these two Immortal Gu perfectly coordinated with Years Flow Like Water.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had a narrow structure like a small boat and shined with a dazzling silver light. It gave a strong feeling of sharpness and toughness.


 Heavenly Court had failed in constructing Eternal Yacht, but Fang Yuan had succeeded in his.


 It was not only because of Fang Yuan’s time path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, but also because of his rule path great grandmaster and formation path grandmaster attainment levels.


 Fang Yuan had put in his energy to cultivate many paths since long ago, and after the initial problems in the start, the benefits were already showing and these benefits would keep on increasing in the future.


 “This is the first Immortal Gu House that I created, it is a completely new creation and will definitely give a huge surprise to my enemies in future battles.”


 Fang Yuan was joyous.


 In the previous life, he had intended to build an Immortal Gu House but did not truly succeed, the ones which he built were incomplete and their power was barely passable.


 In this life, he constructed Myriad Year Flying Warship and was satisfied with himself.


 But this was not the end, this was only the first Immortal Gu House.


 Fang Yuan had an enormous plan.


 He had estimated that he would build at least three Immortal Gu Houses. In his deductions, this plan would make the most use of all the resources he obtains in this life.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was set aside, the time path clone had almost fainted while constructing this warship, he was in poor condition now. Fang Yuan could only arrange him to rest and not deduce anything for the moment.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was also able to rest for two days.


 Two days in the outside world was multiple months inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The time path clone had already recovered and had made another gain in his deductions.


 Immortal Gu formation — Gu as Before Formation!


 After spending some energy, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in constructing this formation.


 Fang Yuan decided to make a move on Liu Hao now.


 Liu Hao’s immortal aperture was still inside his physical body, but Fang Yuan had already extracted his soul and imprisoned it in another place.


 Fang Yuan took out fixed space Immortal Gu from Liu Hao’s immortal aperture.


 Almost in the same instance, fixed space Gu showed signs of detonating, but Gu as before formation was already activated and had started affecting the destruction of fixed space Gu.


 Fixed space Gu flickered with lights as the refinement path dao marks on it were destroyed, after a while, fixed space Gu went back to a stable condition albeit with slight injuries.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air as he held this Gu.


 He finally obtained this Gu!


 In his previous life, Heavenly Court’s hidden methods were activated, destroying not only fixed space Gu but also the other Gu worms inside Liu Hao.


 But Fang Yuan had made some gains as well. From the fragments of fixed space Gu, he had obtained the hope of conceptualizing the Immortal Gu Gu as Before.


 In his previous life, he had done deep research into these fragments and had never stopped deducing about this matter.


 With such accumulations, his deductions finally had an initial success in this life and he was able to create the Gu as before formation.


 This formation involved millions of Gu worm; there were more than twenty Immortal Gu involved in it from refinement path, time path, and rule path.


 What Fang Yuan envisioned was Gu as before Immortal Gu, so this Gu as before formation was only an initial success.


 After he modifies and simplifies this large formation into a practical killer move, it will be mid-stage success.


 And later, when he condenses this killer move into an Immortal Gu recipe and refines Gu as before Immortal Gu, he would then achieve complete success.


 “But currently, Gu as before formation is already my limit.”


 “I need to increase my foundation to improve it.”


 “I have absorbed the Long Hair true meaning, my refinement path attainment has reached quasi-supreme grandmaster. But in the history of refinement path, there are still two other monumental figures equal to Long Hair Ancestor, Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Old Immortal Kong Jue. Most of these two’s inheritances have definitely been pocketed by Heavenly Court.”


 “The refinement path methods Heavenly Court put on fixed space Gu might have come from these two experts.”


 “As long as I obtain these contents and increase my foundation, I may not be able to create an Immortal Gu recipe, but I will definitely be able to simplify this formation into a killer move and obtain mid-stage success.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes seemed to burn with the flames of passion.


 In his previous life, he could not see such hopes and felt Heavenly Court was a deep chasm that was beyond him.


 But in this life, he did not think so.


 “Heavenly Court, I will invade Heavenly Court and plunder these true inheritances!”



***
Chapter 1796 - Pure Dream Clone


***





 



 Fang Yuan observed his soul.


 After several cultivation sessions over this period of time, his soul had already recovered to sixty million man soul!


 His soul was no longer gloomy and weak like before, it was filled with energy and was lifelike. Its face was exquisite and the body size was normal, there was a light from deep within it that covered it completely and would make people feel it was solid and pure.


 Thieving Heaven true inheritance — rank nine killer move ghostly concealment, it was like a silk inner garment sticking to his soul, above it was a layer of ghost official garment.


 Ghost official garment used rank seven change soul Immortal Gu and rank six cleanse soul Immortal Gu as its cores, at this moment, it had already turned into a martial uniform, there was even battle armor covering his shirt, it was a grand sight.


 With his current soul foundation, Fang Yuan had the confidence to split his soul.


 Immortal killer move — Split Soul!


 Instantly, Fang Yuan’s soul left his physical body, only relying on the remaining thoughts, wills, or emotions to manipulate Gu worms and maintain split soul killer move.


 As natural as drinking water, half the soul of the main body split and the main body’s soul once again returned to its body.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan’s main body’s soul fell to thirty million man soul.


 The split soul was also at thirty million man soul.


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes and rested for a while.


 When the soul returned to his body, he felt slight dizziness. This was a normal reaction because he had split half of his soul, which was a huge amount.


 Immortal essence stopped moving inside his immortal aperture as all kinds of Gu worms rested with none injured.


 This split soul was a success, it was actually not easy to activate this move, there was a huge risk and a high failure rate.


 But Fang Yuan had diligently practiced this move before, spending a lot of energy and paying quite a price for it. All of his efforts made this attempt a success.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he had fully recovered and his mind was clear.


 He opened his immortal aperture’s entrance a little, his split soul immediately moved along with the wind and went through.


 There was already a physical body waiting for the split soul inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 This physical body was none other than the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body created from a dream realm!


 After the split soul entered the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, there was some fluctuation in the aura at first before it turned silent like a corpse.


 Fang Yuan was calm.


 He had more or less grasped three types of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 The first type was the strongest Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, the one that was condensed by Old Man Yan Shi and also the Ying Wu Xie of back then. This Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body only had eighteen hours of lifespan, its cultivation would increase by a rank every two hours and its strength would continue to grow, becoming extremely terrifying near the end of its lifespan.


 However, this Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body required many Immortal Gu as well as a vast amount of dream realms. Fang Yuan could not fulfill the requirements.


 The second type was the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body with Gu Immortal cultivation. Fang Yuan had used it many times and had once used them to stall the pursuit of Southern Border Gu Immortals. He also used it to secretly trade dream realms with Chi Qu You.


 This Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body had one huge flaw, it had a time limit. Once the limit was reached, they would self-detonate back into a dream realm.


 The third type was the one Fang Yuan learned from Feng Jin Huang’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body. This was a perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, it consumed few dream realms and did not use many Immortal Gu, in which they could also be replaced with other Immortal Gu, but it was only a mortal body and did not have Gu Immortal cultivation.


 The body which the split soul had merged into was the third type of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, it possessed an aperture and was only at rank one.


 After a while, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body opened its eyes.


 The thirty million man soul was restrained and was starting to adapt to this body, this body was unable to hold the complete thirty million man soul with its low cultivation.


 This was the classic case of a weak body but a powerful soul.


 With Fang Yuan’s split soul restraining most of its power, it was like a giant had curled up its body and was lying carefully inside a paper house.


 But it did not matter.


 Fang Yuan had already prepared relic Gu.


 Relic Gu was a sphere-shaped mortal Gu that was thumb-sized and had an ordinary appearance. But its effect was major, it could enhance the aperture walls and advance the Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm.


 Gu Master cultivation had five ranks from rank one to rank five, relic Gu also was divided into rank one to rank five.


 Rank one green copper relic Gu, rank two red steel relic Gu, rank three white silver relic Gu, rank four yellow gold relic Gu, and rank five purple crystal relic Gu.


 No matter which rank the relic Gu was, it was a treasure of that rank! Its price far surpassed other similarly ranked Gu worms.


 For instance, red steel relic Gu was priced at eight thousand primeval stones in the mortal world, this value surpassed ordinary rank three Gu worms.


 White silver relic Gu was a treasured rank three Gu, its value reaching fifty-thousand!


 There would be at best white silver relic Gu circulated in mortal markets, the market for yellow gold relic Gu was controlled and they were extremely rare, often held in the hands of the higher-ups.


 This situation was much better in treasure yellow heaven, after all treasure yellow heaven was the transaction area of Gu Immortals and was the largest market in the world.


 In treasure yellow heaven, rank one to three relic Gu were sold in batches, there were few rank four yellow gold relic Gu, and even fewer rank five purple crystal relic Gu.


 This was not because Gu Immortals were holding these Gu worms in their hands and did not want them to circulate, it was because relic Gu could only be formed naturally and were currently unable to be created by Gu Immortals.


 Even Lang Ya blessed land and Heavenly Court were unable to do so.


 Why?


 With refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster and human path master attainment levels, Fang Yuan understood the reason now.


 It was because relic Gu were human path Gu worms!


 It had a fundamental effect towards variant humans and humans. Much more relic Gu would form in the areas with many variant humans or humans.


 Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone began to use green copper relic Gu.


 His aperture was different from normal Gu Masters, an ordinary aperture was stable but the pure dream clone’s aperture was constantly forming and breaking like a dream.


 This was the characteristic of dream realms.


 In the previous life, Feng Jin Huang had also exclaimed that the main reason for her being able to create the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique was due to coincidence as well as her creating the killer move shatter dream beforehand.


 Regardless of the pure dream clone’s aperture shattering and forming, it had a membrane of light around it that looked extremely thin but firmly kept the dream path aperture inside it.


 This membrane was the aperture wall of rank one initial stage.


 After one green copper relic Gu was used, the light membrane thickened immediately and the light started to circulate like water, becoming water membrane.


 Pure dream clone used another green copper relic Gu.


 The water membrane became even thicker and firm, transforming into stone membrane.


 After using the third green copper relic Gu, pure dream clone’s aperture’s stone membrane turned into crystal membrane.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique was a special aptitude, its green copper primeval essence might be illusory like a dream but it filled more than ninety percent of the aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone immediately sat cross-legged as it controlled its primeval essence to attack the crystal membrane.


 However, before it even made a move, its aperture advanced directly; the crystal membrane shattered, turning into red steel rank two light membrane.


 The Pure dream clone had become a rank two Gu Master within moments.


 Fang Yuan exclaimed lightly before realizing: “Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is the eleventh extreme physique, on the same level as the ten extreme physiques. Its cultivation can rise continuously without any obstacles.”


 In a Gu Master’s cultivation, it was easy to advance through small realms, they only needed enough time and patience. However, every large realm had a barrier, and the higher you go, the harder it is to cross.


 Fang Yuan had thought of using his plentiful experiences to advance, but he had not expected the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to break through naturally, this was much more convenient than his original expectations.


 Relic Gu were consumed one after the other, and Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone’s cultivation kept on rising and breaking through to the next level.


 Although there were few purple crystal relic Gu in treasure yellow heaven, there were a lot in Lang Ya’s treasury. They were not an issue.


 Thus, in just a mere hour, Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone had rank five peak stage cultivation level.


 “Prepare for immortal ascension!” Fang Yuan sent the pure dream clone out of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 It could not undergo its tribulation inside the sovereign immortal aperture, because this would cause a huge disorder in heaven and earth qi and greatly disturb the immortal aperture’s balance.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture itself had a huge demand for heaven and earth qi. Were the pure dream clone to undergo its tribulation inside, there would be a huge deficiency in heaven and earth qi.


 So Fang Yuan’s plan was for the pure dream clone to undergo tribulation outside.


 Fang Yuan intended to create a perfect pure dream clone with Gu Immortal cultivation at one go!


 But just as he was about to implement the next step, he suddenly felt an intense sense of danger.


 “Huh? Wait a moment!” Fang Yuan’s gaze focused.


 He had a deep wisdom path attainment, this strong sense of danger that came out of nowhere was not without reason, it was a certain premonition.


 Fang Yuan could not ignore this feeling.


 “This seems to be a hint that if I were to let the pure dream clone undergo tribulation, it will encounter an immense danger?”


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 Gu Masters needed to undergo tribulation to advance to Gu Immortal.


 According to common logic, no matter how much heaven’s will strengthened such calamities and tribulations, there would be a limit. No matter how strong a rank six’s calamities and tribulations were, it would not surpass rank seven calamities and tribulations.


 “But, if they are the calamities and tribulations of dream path...” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned deep.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body’s immortal ascension would likely encounter dream path’s calamities and tribulations, but Fang Yuan did not know much regarding this.


 Under the present situation, even an expert as strong as Duke Long was without options against dream path methods.


 Fang Yuan was much stronger than Duke Long in this because he had unravel dream.


 However, unravel dream was not omnipotent.


 Moreover, dream realms were primarily divided into two kinds: one was realistic dream realms, what Fang Yuan explored the most were this kind of dream realms; another were abstract dream realms where anything could happen that could not be explained with logic, even Fang Yuan did not want to encounter them.


 “If I were to let my pure dream clone undergo immortal ascension, it would give heaven’s will the opportunity to attack me?”


 “If so, I should let it undergo immortal ascension inside the sovereign immortal aperture.”


 “There is no heaven’s will inside the sovereign immortal aperture. Although it will extract a large amount of heaven and earth qi and damage my foundation, there are more benefits to having a Gu Immortal level pure dream clone.”


 However, when Fang Yuan took back the pure dream clone and wanted to let it undergo tribulation, that sense of danger still lingered although it had lessened slightly.


 Fang Yuan pondered: “Does this mean that even without heaven’s will, there will still be dream path calamities and tribulations when the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body undergoes immortal ascension? Moreover, it will be a great threat to me?”


 Immortal ascension signified taking risks.


 Was this risk worth it or not?


 Fang Yuan hesitated for a while before sighing, he chose stability.


 This risk was not worth it at this moment.


 The crucial thing was he did not have even a little assurance. If it were other paths, it would be okay, but dream path...


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 He actually had a great anticipation for this.


 Because once the immortal ascension succeeds, Fang Yuan would not only obtain an immortal level pure dream clone, there would also be the opportunity for natural inspiration that could allow him to better understand dream path and have an opportunity to advance dream path mortal Gu to Immortal Gu!


 But Fang Yuan regretfully discovered that the immortal ascension held way too much danger.


 “If it goes bad, I might not even be able to use Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 Fang Yuan was progressing very well in this life, it was not worth it to take such a risk.


 Blindly taking risk was not courageous but stupid.


 “Forget it, I shall let it be for the moment.” Fang Yuan snorted.



***
Chapter 1797 - Extorting Rank Nine Immortal Material


***





 



 Splash splash splash.


 Sounds of sea waves and clear cries of sea birds entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


 The Eastern Sea sea area in front of him glittered with warm sunlight. 

 Gentle and refreshing sea wind brushed across his face.


 Fang Yuan, however, was slightly dejected: “As expected, it is not time yet...”


 He used jade flow pearl to arrive in Eastern Sea from Southern Border, his target was to find the blue dragon whale.


 To Fang Yuan, gaining regret Gu would be a splendid matter.


 Because he wanted to raise the ranks of his numerous rank six Immortal Gu to increase his own overall strength. With regret Gu, he could decrease his losses and reduce the risk of refining Gu to the lowest degree!


 In fact, ever since his rebirth, he had come here several times.


 This sea area was the area where he had followed Miao Ming Shen’s group and seen the blue dragon whale in his previous life.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was not successful in finding the blue dragon whale.


 “Should I attack Miao Ming Shen and seize his method?”


 “With that method, I can find the exact location of the blue dragon whale by myself.”


 This thought flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind and he quickly evaluated the risks.


 If he made a move, Miao Ming Shen would not be a problem, Fang Yuan could even use Chu Ying’s identity to scheme against Miao Ming Shen using wisdom path methods.


 The true uncertainty was Fang Yuan did not know what that method was.


 It was okay if it was some ordinary immortal killer move. But if it were some bizarre method and he made a rash move, it would simply backfire on him.


 According to Fang Yuan’s deduction, the possibility of the latter was not small. Because in the five hundred years of his previous life, he had not heard of anyone seizing this method from Miao Ming Shen.


 Eastern Sea had rank eight Gu Immortals while Miao Ming Shen was only rank seven and his method concerned a Paradise Earth true inheritance, there was no way those rank eight Gu Immortals were not moved.


 But these Gu Immortals seemed to have no desire to make a move, clearly showing that the situation was not as simple as it looked.


 “According to my previous life, I just need to wait patiently and follow Miao Ming Shen into the inheritance ground.”


 “But this has a flaw, that is the ink effect. In my previous life, Miao Ming Shen selected Chu Ying after some hesitation, will he still choose Chu Ying in this life?”


 Fang Yuan used jade flow pearl to return to Southern Border.


 Currently, Southern Border was the safest among the five regions. Even if Southern Border’s righteous path moved against him, he had a large number of captives as his bargaining chip, he also had the most thorough understanding of Southern Border’s situations.


 Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to make a move against Miao Ming Shen, his carefully thought-out plans since rebirth were progressing smoothly, and even if he wanted to attack Miao Ming Shen, it would be too rushed to do so at this time.


 Everything should be done methodically and when the timing is correct.


 Sometimes, one needed to speed up, sometimes, one needed to slow down.


 By acting too quickly and intensely, the end product might end up charred. But if one acted too slowly, they would lose their chance as a result of inaction.


 Fang Yuan already had a firm grasp over the appropriate speed he should use.


 His main task now was still his clone!


 He needed to make a dragonman clone.


 Fang Yuan had already obtained Bai Ning Bing’s dragonman transformation method, and had already begun researching it.


 This method was called the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method, it used the Gu Immortal themselves as a Gu material and refined together with raging wave rising dragon fire, their race would change and turn into a dragonman.


 This method’s success rate was very minute. During the Gu refinement process, all of the dao marks of the Gu Immortal would be affected.


 When Fang Yuan had first read this method, he had exclaimed at its incredible concept.


 He then discovered the flaw of this method.


 This method was created by Duke Long who was proficient in qi path and transformation path. He did not have a deep attainment in refinement path and had mostly relied on qi path and transformation path to imitate refinement path.


 But Fang Yuan was a refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster, he could give a huge improvement to this method in the refinement path aspect. After improving it, the success rate would also greatly increase and might even reach ten percent.


 That was a one-in-ten success rate.


 This was already Fang Yuan’s limit, he could not improve it any further.


 Because the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method was essentially a human path killer move and also involved the profundities of transformation path.


 Fang Yuan’s transformation path could not match Duke Long’s. It was even more so for his human path attainment.


 Thus, the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method was also a supreme material that could allow Fang Yuan to comprehend some essence of human path.


 “The real obstacle is still raging wave rising dragon fire!”


 Raging wave rising dragon fire was an extremely rare rank nine immortal material, it was the human flame among the three flames of heaven, earth, and human.


 Bai Xiang grotto-heaven had one lump but it was already used by Bai Ning Bing. Treasure yellow heaven did not have it.


 Announce the offer to buy it in treasure yellow heaven?


 No, Fang Yuan had a better option!


 Xia clan headquarters.


 The hall was filled with a heavy and stifling atmosphere.


 Fang Yuan’s ransom letter was still sent to Xia clan first.


 “This scoundrel Fang Yuan is a heinous criminal, he should be damned to death! We have to kill him!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted with a fierce expression.


 The other Xia clan Gu Immortals looked ashen and had unsightly expressions.


 Besides fury and hatred, these righteous path Gu Immortals also had a feeling like they were currently dreaming and nothing was real.


 The grand Xia clan, a super force, was actually being blackmailed by one demonic path Gu Immortal!


 And the cause of this ransom was actually the kidnapping of Xia clan’s strongest expert, Xia clan’s foundation, Xia clan’s supreme figure of authority — first supreme elder Xia Cha!!


 If someone had told Xia clan’s Gu Immortals this would happen before the ambush attack, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals would definitely give that person a few hard slaps and even shout at them to wake up.


 But at this moment, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals had the urge to slap themselves: How did the situation fall to this state?


 Xia clan’s second supreme elder Xia Zhao was the person who felt the greatest pressure, he sighed and said: “You have all seen that mortal letter Gu, Fang Yuan is demanding raging wave rising dragon fire. What are your thoughts on this?”


 Xia clan immortals looked at each other, silent.


 Xia Zhao could only point out a name as he looked towards Xia Fei Kuai: “Come, didn’t you shout quite loudly just before? Speak your thoughts.”


 Xia Fei Kuai had a irascible temper and felt extreme anger towards Fang Yuan, but he remained silent for a good while before speaking: “Even Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were unable to get rid of this demon Fang Yuan, he might just be rank seven but he is truly diabolical. If he really wanted Lady Xia Cha’s life, he would definitely not have any misgivings. Maybe we can ally with other clans? Fang Yuan is blackmailing us, he will definitely blackmail the other clans as well!”


 Xia Liu Pei immediately retorted: “The one we lost is our first supreme elder, how could those outsiders be relied on? Right now, they are eager for us to lose Lady Xia Cha! Since Fang Yuan will definitely blackmail other forces, did you see any of them contacting us?”


 “You!” Xia Fei Kuai glared, but could not find any words to retort. After a good while, he said: “Even if we want to compromise, we don’t have raging wave rising dragon fire.”


 “Just because we do not have it does not mean others don’t.”


 “That demon Fang Yuan might only be putting a high price first and is waiting for us to negotiate?”


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortal continued to speak their thoughts.


 Same as the previous life, Xia clan’s most important person had landed in Fang Yuan’s hand, the Xia clan Gu Immortals could only admit defeat and be blackmailed by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s reply was direct: “Don’t mention other things to me, I want raging wave rising dragon fire! I don’t care how you get it, but we can only discuss after you bring it over. Or else, Xia Cha’s life? Hehe.”


 Fang Yuan was even more calm than in the previous life.


 In the previous life, he had to make several probes while blackmailing Southern Border’s righteous path.


 In this life, he was familiar with every clan’s limits, Xia clan was going to be blackmailed hard by him.


 Although Xia clan and Ba clan both lost rank eight Gu Immortals as captives, Xia clan’s situation was still the worst. Because Ba clan still had another rank eight candidate — Ba De!


 So Fang Yuan’s first target of blackmail was still Xia clan.


 Xia clan did not have raging wave rising dragon fire, which was within Fang Yuan’s expectations because he had already searched Xia Cha’s soul and did not see raging wave rising dragon fire in the treasury.


 The other rank seven Xia Clan Gu Immortals might not know about all the things in the treasury, but Xia Cha definitely knew the details as the first supreme elder.


 Actually, Fang Yuan truly did not know which force of Southern Border had raging wave rising dragon fire.


 It was possible for a clan to have stored it but the rank nine immortal material might be hidden so deep in the treasury that only the first supreme elder could know of it.


 There was also the possibility this fire was not with any Southern Border righteous path force.


 Fang Yuan did not care about this, he was going to make Southern Border’s righteous path take care of this headache.


 In Fang Yuan’s plan, the dragonman clone was one of the important parts.


 Because this clone would involve the acquisition of Dragon Palace!


 Fang Yuan did not actually have clear information regarding Dragon Palace, but he was able to deduce that the dragonman clone would be the crucial key to inherit Dragon Palace.


 In the previous life, Bai Ning Bing being able to become the owner of Dragon Palace was the best evidence.


 Fang Yuan extorted the Southern Border righteous path while continuing to cultivate and absorbing his gains.


 Not long later, he successfully improved time cutting edge, the new time cutting edge was thirty percent more powerful than in previous life!


 This was because Fang Yuan had a lot more time path Immortal Gu than in his previous life.


 Not only was it because he had gained Lang Ya blessed land, but also because the years flow execution formation was not seriously damaged like in previous life during the Southern Border immortals’ attack, so many time path Immortal Gu were preserved.


 There was another point, Fang Yuan had even calculated some time path Immortal Gu of Southern Border righteous path’s treasuries in his plan.


 First was Xia clan, then Ba clan and Yi clan.


 Yi clan’s Gu Immortal Yi Yang was blood related to Yi clan’s first supreme elder, and was a successor of the clan nurtured by the first supreme elder, he was very important to the clan.


 Fourth was Chi clan.


 Fang Yuan’s attitude towards Chi clan was quite amiable: “Brother Chi Qu You, we are really good friends! I was able to capture Southern Border immortals because of you. I will directly return your second supreme elder to you.”


 Chi Qu You’s face was pitch-black like the bottom of a pot!


 “Don’t act so close to me!”


 Chi Qu You felt an intense disgust inwardly.


 He discovered that he was dragged in so deep by Fang Yuan that he could not get out!


 These past few days, his mood had been extremely heavy.


 Because he knew Fang Yuan was able to capture the Southern Border immortals mainly because of dream realms. And he was the one who had secretly handed these dream realms to Fang Yuan.


 Were the Southern Border righteous path to know of this huge secret, not only Chi Qu You, even Chi clan would be in imminent danger!


 The dream realm trading had become a threat to Chi Qu You, he really wanted to stop these dangerous transactions, but was it possible anymore?


 The person he was facing was Fang Yuan, Chi Qu You’s heart went cold at this thought.



***
Chapter 1798 - Inspiration of Destiny


***





 Chapter 1798 – Inspiration of Destiny 

 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.


 Rumble!


 A loud sound was heard.


 The ground shook for a moment before the dense radiance of an earth path killer move covered the surrounding one hundred li.


 Like a large formless hand molding soft mud, the surrounding terrain began to sink in while the land in the periphery began to rise, forming a circular valley.


 This sunken land was surrounded by mountains, forming an environment that was isolated from the outside.


 There was no vegetation in this sunken land, soil was also scarce, it was instead covered by a large amount of steel materials.


 “This is white steel bowl valley!” Rockman Gu Immortal Shi Shi Cheng watched this scene from outside the valley with shock.


 Fang Yuan had countless powerful methods, casually creating another mid-scale resource point without exerting much effort.


 Over these days, Shi Shi Cheng had conversed with other Gu Immortals and gained a deeper understanding of how vast the sovereign immortal aperture was and the large amount of resources distributed all over it.


 Such a deep foundation was astonishing and increased the confidence of these Gu Immortals regarding their future.


 However, what made Shi Shi Cheng even more amazed was Fang Yuan’s courage!


 Other Gu Immortals would not have dared, but Fang Yuan fought against stronger enemies, targeting Southern Border’s righteous path.


 The important thing was he not only attacked them but also was victorious and captured these Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 If not for these captives, how could Fang Yuan have extorted these resources to easily create white steel bowl valley?


 Compared to Fang Yuan, the rockman tribe’s Gu Immortals looked excessively conservative.


 “Lord Fang Yuan is the one we should follow!” Shi Shi Cheng was becoming increasingly inclined towards Fang Yuan, he was completely captivated by Fang Yuan’s charisma and subdued by his disposition.


 Over these days, with Hei Lou Lan and the others’ continuous work, every resource was arranged properly.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had been barren but annexing blessed lands and grotto-heavens had gathered a large amount of resources in it. And now, these resources were distributed ingeniously and harmoniously to form a balanced ecology.


 There was no chaos or mutual disturbance, the resources aided one another in their growth.


 This was the result of Fang Yuan’s meticulous deductions using wisdom path.


 The next step was to fill up some gaps.


 For instance, white steel bowl valley was something Tie Qu Zhong wanted to construct but had not started yet. With it, Tie Qu Zhong could feed edge Gu by himself and would not have to rely on external sources.


 Fang Yuan had already filled the gaps here.


 In the previous life, he had completed this project, and it was even easier in this life.


 As for the necessary resources, Fang Yuan extorted them from Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Fang Yuan clearly felt it was much easier to extort the Southern Border righteous path in this life than in the previous life.


 It was because the resistance of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals resistance had become much weaker.


 The video Fang Yuan revealed in Heavenly Court showed him killing Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, this greatly stirred up the Southern Border righteous path!


 “Even Heavenly Court lost to this demon Fang Yuan, what is so strange about our Southern Border righteous path failing to deal with him?”


 Even if the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not admit this thought, they knew it inwardly.


 Adding on Fang Yuan’s plentiful experience in extortion, these Southern Border righteous path forces could only give in.


 The extortion in this life was also different from the previous life.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan mainly wanted to construct a year essence pool and thus extorted many precious and rare immortal materials. He did not need to do so in this life and changed the demands to other things, but they were still mainly immortal materials.


 A small portion of these immortal materials were used to fill up the deficiencies in the sovereign immortal aperture, like constructing white steel bowl valley.


 The remaining large portion was in preparation for advancing the ranks of his Immortal Gu.


 In this life, Fang Yuan had a lot more Immortal Gu than in his previous life!


 Rank six Immortal Gu occupied the majority but they were too weak for him, being at rank eight.


 So large scale refinement was necessary and would give rise to a great increase in Fang Yuan’s comprehensive battle strength.


 He had done this in his previous life, and it would be much easier in this life since he had annexed Lang Ya blessed land and had many refinement path Immortal Gu.


 He planned ahead, preparing these immortal materials in advance.


 The gains from annexing apertures were almost processed completely. The whole sovereign immortal aperture’s development had already reached sixteen percent, this was already close to the highest limit he reached in his previous life.


 Moreover, he still had Liu Hao’s and Ba Shi Ba’s immortal apertures to annex, as well as Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Killer moves were being familiarized, true inheritances were still being researched, and he was still comprehending human path.


 Fang Yuan made some time to go to the River of Time once again.


 He was unable to forget about his pure dream clone.


 Although the plan for the pure dream clone had received a setback, Fang Yuan thought of the stone lotus island’s future self killer move.


 “Maybe I can use future self to bring over a Gu Immortal level pure dream clone!”


 The Four Xunzi in Present and Past Pavilion were observing the River of Time at all times, but they were simply unable to detect Fang Yuan’s tracks.


 Fang Yuan understood Present and Past Pavilion much more than them.


 He smoothly reached the stone lotus island and used future self on the pure dream clone.


 However, Fang Yuan was disappointed as there were simply no changes in the pure dream clone!


 “Is it because the pure dream clone is created from dream realms, most killer moves are ineffective on it?”


 “Or is it that the pure dream clone doesn’t have a future where it becomes an immortal?”


 Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone was already at rank five peak stage, just a step away from undergoing immortal ascension.


 However, this step had fatal danger so Fang Yuan wisely chose to stop.


 “If future self is ineffective because the pure dream clone doesn’t have a future where it is an immortal, does this mean there is no hope for the pure dream clone’s tribulation with my current strength?”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan suddenly felt somewhat interested.


 “There is no harm in trying.”


 He immediately activated the immortal killer move exposing heavenly secret.


 This killer move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as its core and could observe the contents of the following calamities and tribulations of the target.


 Blank.


 Exposing heavenly secret showed no effect on the pure dream clone.


 “Is it because of the characteristics of the pure dream clone, or because exposing heavenly secret is currently unable to target dream path calamities and tribulations?”


 Fang Yuan was perturbed.


 There were very few Gu worms that were effective on the pure dream clone.


 Relic Gu was effective because it was a human path Gu worm. The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body was a human body so human path Gu worms were effective on it.


 But in fact, many other Gu worms were completely ineffective on the pure dream clone.


 Because the pure dream clone was created from dream realms and had the characteristics of dream realms.


 Fang Yuan had relied on dream path’s superiority to cross many obstacles before or stir up troubles, but he was now stumped by this superiority.


 Just like Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Duke Long and others were unable to contest lead soul into dream, even Spectral Soul had fallen asleep inside the dream realm, existing methods had negligible effect against dream realms.


 Fang Yuan actually had many methods to deal with calamities and tribulations.


 For instance, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu or endless trouble killer move, but could these methods be able to deal with dream path calamities and tribulations?


 Fang Yuan shook his head in his mind, there was almost no chance!


 “The only possibility is to develop a corresponding dream path killer move.”


 However, Fang Yuan’s dream path attainment level was stuck. In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had not prioritized researching dream path and had pursued blood path.


 Not long after returning from the River of Time, Fang Yuan was pleasantly surprised as the dragonman clone plan had made a progress.


 Xia clan expressed that Shang clan’s treasure realm had raging wave rising dragon fire, and they were currently in the process of trading for it.


 “Shang clan’s treasure realm... it should be the immortal aperture left behind by Shang clan’s creator.”


 “After the ancestor died, it was left behind in Shang Liang Mountain. Since Gu Immortals are unable to enter it, even Shang clan Gu Immortals don’t know if it is a grotto-heaven or a blessed land.”


 “Looks like the foundation of this treasure realm is much deeper than I estimated.”


 Fang Yuan exclaimed at Shang clan’s foundation.


 Shang clan had always been among the top few clans in the Southern Border Gu Immortal world, and because of their unique geographical location, they had maintained harmonious relationships with other super forces.


 “If Xia clan can get the raging wave rising dragon fire, my dragonman clone will have half of the obstacles remaining.”


 Fang Yuan waited patiently while increasing his strength.


 With regards to using five restriction profound light qi, he was gaining more experience and insight, and was now able to use four different light qi at the same time.


 His soul cultivation was rising explosively every time. He had split his soul again for the dragonman clone, but even so, his soul cultivation was gradually reaching eighty million man soul!


 The dream realm trading with Chi clan was continuing in secret.


 Chi Qu You had come to terms with his situation.


 He had made one misstep and now could only fall deeper into it.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan never let go of his guard against him. This rank eight Gu Immortal was not a simple person and might retaliate if not handled properly.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had already chosen to support Chi clan in preparation for the future.


 Chi clan obtained dream path research results from the transactions, this gave Chi Qu You pleasure amidst the pain: Since he had already made a terrible blunder by agreeing to this exchange, why not just continue with it?


 Chi Qu You did not want to take a risk, but because Fang Yuan led him on this path, he could only clench his teeth and continue walking towards the abyss.


 In his free time, Fang Yuan soul searched those Gu Immortal souls.


 Although he had done this in his previous life, he still did it again in this life because he wanted to look into something.


 That was the ink effect.


 Compare to the previous life, the subtle differences in this life made Fang Yuan think deeply.


 An indescribably mysterious feeling had been lingering in his mind.


 “Is this fate?” Fang Yuan felt like he had touched a strand of the web weaved by fate Gu.


 He gradually felt a strong premonition: “If I continue researching this, my understanding of fate will become increasingly deeper. This is the best way to comprehend fate.”


 “After gathering more clues from a few more rebirths and making deductions, I might be able to conceive a mortal killer move that has the effect of fate.”


 “If I merge it with the profundities of luck path... that will be destiny huh...” Fang Yuan’s mind jolted slightly and his eyes shined with bright light.


 Heavenly Court.


 Feng Jiu Ge was stationed in Embroidered Tower.


 This small pavilion was adorned with beautiful decorations, its walls were red and its tiles were made of jade, looking exquisite and beautiful, but it lacked part of its foundational support; one could clearly see the traces of destruction on the Immortal Gu House.


 In the sky above Embroidered Tower were three pieces of bloody skins directly sewn to the air that were still letting out traces of primal savagery.


 Back then when Reckless Savage Demon Venerable invaded Heavenly Court, he was stopped by Embroidered Tower. In the end, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable destroyed half of Embroidered Tower, which was still unable to be repaired by Heavenly Court, but he also left three pieces of bloody skins behind.


 Ever since the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land, Feng Jiu Ge had been immersed in a deep state of comprehension.


 He did not cultivate transformation path, but he came here purposely to comprehend a trace of ‘transformation’ from these three bloody skins.


 This transformation was a kind of concept, it was the transformation of destiny, it was the injury of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was strong while Embroidered Tower was weak, but the strong was forced to discard three pieces of skin by the weak, this was an unexpected change.


 Heavenly Court failed when invading Lang Ya blessed land, Southern Border Gu Immortals chased Fang Yuan but were captured instead, these were also similar kinds of unexpected changes.


 This series of changes and transformations kept on resonating with depths of Feng Jiu Ge’s soul!


 The deep state of comprehension gradually entered an optimal condition.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s lips curled up into a smile: “It seems that my next song will be — Destiny Song.”



***
Chapter 1799 - Suan Bu Jin Falls Into A Trap


***





 Chapter 1799 Suan Bu Jin Falls Into A Trap 

 Western Desert.


 Fang clan’s headquarters.


 Guh.


 Fang Di Chang coughed out a mouthful of blood and fell head-first onto the ground.


 “Father!” Fang Yun who was at the side immediately rushed forward and supported Fang Di Chang.


 Fang Di Chang’s injuries were serious and after he regained his footing, he was still shaky and dizzy.


 He quickly observed his condition and smiled bitterly.


 His brain suffered the highest damage, there was a huge crack in it that almost split apart his brain into two. His soul was also injured and his physical body was surrounded by a strange green light that emitted wood path aura.


 Fang Di Chang sighed as he looked at the giant palace in front of him.


 This palace was lofty like a mountain, its green bricks and golden tiles emitted dense fragrance of plants and trees. There was solemnity but also liveliness. Carved on the plaque on the palace door were three large words — Divine Bean Palace!


 “This Immortal Gu House was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable after all, it is comprehensive with no loopholes. I tried to deduce forcefully but suffered such a backlash, I underestimated a venerable’s power and was too hurried.” Fang Di Chang sighed.


 “Father, our Fang clan’s situation is not bad right now, we can take it slow.” Fang Yun comforted.


 Fang Di Chang shook his head: “Although the situation is stabilized, it is still not optimistic. Those clans are restraining themselves because they are shaken by our theft path killer move, but they have never given up on pressuring us. We must grasp every second and cannot slack.”


 “Yes, father.”


 Fang Di Chang looked at Divine Bean Palace and sighed again: “Sigh, it is unfortunate that our Fang clan does not have any wood path Gu Immortal. This Divine Bean Palace’s core is wood path. If there were a rank seven wood path Gu Immortal assisting me, I would have a lot more progress in deducing this Immortal Gu House.”


 Western Desert was filled with deserts with oases decorating them, wood path and water path were the least cultivated paths in this region.


 Among the five regions, Southern Border had the most wood path Gu Immortals, while Eastern Sea had the most water path Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yun said after some thought: “Our Fang clan does not have a wood path Gu Immortal, but we have another wisdom path expert.”


 “You are talking about Suan Bu Jin?” Fang Di Chang’s gaze narrowed with a trace of vigilance flashing past it: “Did he ask you to recommend him?”


 Fang Yun shook his head: “No, no, I am saying this myself. Lord Suan Bu Jin never signaled me, and in fact, after joining the clan, he has always stayed outside and never contacted me.”


 Fang Di Chang’s face relaxed only then: “Suan Bu Jin is not of Fang clan after all, although he joined our clan, we need to keep this in mind.”


 “Father, you doubt Lord Suan Bu Jin’s loyalty?” Fang Yun scratched his head.


 Fang Di Chang narrowed his eyes: “If I had his help, there would indeed be progress. But we can know a man’s face but not his heart[1], especially in front of such an unmatched treasure like Divine Bean Palace. Even if he did not show this intention before, when he is in contact with this palace day and night, it is hard to not have greed.”


 Fang Di Chang was still not assured, asking: “Are there any movements from Suan Bu Jin recently?”


 Fang Yun replied truthfully: “There are no movements. However, there are rumors targeting Lord Suan Bu Jin that says he is actually the inheritor of Old Man Lie Shen, a demonic descendant who was recruited by our clan. It is also rumored Wan clan will investigate this matter and verify Lord Suan Bu Jin’s identity.”


 Fang Di Chang snorted: “These people are still trying to frame Suan Bu Jin! But this excuse has some substance to it, it is at least slightly more realistic than the previous rumor that said he was the demon Fang Yuan.”


 Fang Di Chang sneered, having no idea that the previous rumor was actually truth, it was instead the recent rumor that was twisting the truth.


 Old Man Lie Shen was a Wan clan wisdom path Gu Immortal but because of an accident while cultivating, he lost himself and became a lunatic. He had rank seven cultivation and his strength increased even further after going crazy, he caused huge losses to Wan clan and even slaughtered Gu Immortals of other righteous path forces.


 It led to an uproar during that period of time in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, several righteous path forces allied to besiege and kill Old Man Lie Shen. But no matter what they did, they could find no traces of Old Man Lie Shen, he had disappeared completely and this matter was left unresolved.


 Fang Di Chang said deeply: “Suan Bu Jin has outstanding strength, he understands this kind of cheap trick. But it has not been long since he joined Fang clan, so it is normal for him to be regarded as a weakness of Fang clan. We need to pay attention to him and let him stay in heavenly dew oasis, we can’t let him make any rash moves that could give the enemies a hold on him. As for his identity, our Fang clan will clear it for him and give a perfect explanation to Western Desert’s righteous path.”


 The moment he finished speaking, Fang Di Chang’s expression changed.


 Fang Yun saw the change and asked: “What happened?”


 Fang Di Chang’s pale and weak face now had a trace of an ashen look: “Suan Bu Jin sent a letter saying he reverse-deduced and found a wisdom path Gu Immortal nearby who is likely to be the one who spread the rumors, he has already gone to catch them.”


 Fang Yun was stupefied: “What?!”


 According to the rules, Gu Immortals who were stationed to guard resources would have to report to the clan if they wanted to move out. They could only move after the clan approved of it.


 But Suan Bu Jin’s action was the opposite, he moved first before reporting. Whether Fang clan agreed or not, he had left his stationed area and moved out.


 “He is a lone cultivator in the end, his nature is wild!” Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth, as it so happened, he was heavily injured and could not deduce much at this moment.


 He could only contact Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong and let him go reinforce Suan Bu Jin as quickly as possible.


 Fang Yun was slightly puzzled: “The situation might not be so bad. Aren’t we making too much fuss by sending first supreme elder as reinforcement? Lord Suan Bu Jin is a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he must have definitely deduced before moving out and has confidence to handle this matter.”


 Fang Di Chang’s expression was dark: “Suan Bu Jin is indeed extraordinary, but he is prideful and this could be used by others to scheme against him. It would be terrible if those righteous path forces intentionally lured him and set a series of traps. If he is captured or killed, those clans could forge ironclad evidence and frame our Fang clan, then further suppress our clan.”


 “Naturally, this is only a possibility, let’s just hope it is only me being pessimistic. More importantly, our Fang clan cannot make such a mistake at this crucial time.”


 Fang Yun came to a realization and his expression also turned unsightly. He gave a forced smile: “It should not be that serious, right?”


 But the matter was that serious!


 When Fang Yuan reached the place, wisdom path Gu Immortal Wan Liang Han had a leisurely expression: “Suan Bu Jin, you finally arrived, I waited for quite a while.”


 The moment he finished speaking, the prepared immortal battlefield activated and trapped Fang Yuan.


 “So it was a trap!” Fang Yuan, who was disguised as Suan Bu Jin, sneered. His gaze shone as he looked at the three Gu Immortals approaching him.


 These three Gu Immortals were all rank seven.


 One was tall and thin, dressed in a green robe, and surrounded by whirlwinds. His name was Wan Xiao. He spoke confidently: “Suan Bu Jin, how can you even be a wisdom path Gu Immortal! You actually jumped into our trap so easily.”


 The second Gu Immortal Wan Hao Guang’s appearance could not be seen, his whole body was covered with light armor that emitted extremely high heat. The thick light armor emitted buzzing noises: “Suan Bu Jin, if you are sensible, then let yourself be captured, side with our Wan clan and expose Fang clan, we won’t make it difficult for you and even treat you as an honored guest!”


 The third Gu Immortal was the wisdom path Gu Immortal who lured Fang Yuan, he was Wan Liang Han. His forehead was swollen and had an ugly appearance, but was smiling right now: “Friend Suan Bu Jin, as a wisdom path Gu Immortal, you should be even more aware of the current situation. Even if you survive today, there will be endless troubles coming to find you in the future. You should not be in Fang clan at such a time.”


 Fang Yuan sneered with a ruthless expression.


 His disguised appearance Suan Bu Jin looked skinny with long grey hair and a pair of black eyes which seemed to contain vicissitudes of life and ambition. He was trapped inside the immortal battlefield and also heard the three immortals’ words, but there were no change in his expression.


 This was only natural!


 Because Fang Yuan had concealed his strength, not only just these three rank sevens, even if there were three rank eights, he would be fearless and even happy.


 The three Wan clan immortals thought they had trapped Fang Yuan, little did they imagine Fang Yuan returned from Southern Border this time to especially deal with them and create a commotion in Western Desert!


 In the recent period of time, Wan Liang Han had been repeatedly deducing Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan had emperor yama’s protection that had no flaws, but this still reduced his soul foundation and it was quite annoying, so he had to get rid of them this time.


 Fang Yuan immediately opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and released soul beasts.


 Desolate soul beasts and ancient soul beasts came out one after the other, shocking Wan clan’s immortals.


 Was he not a wisdom path Gu Immortal? How could he control so many soul beasts?


 “No matter how many soul beasts you bring out, it is useless in this immortal battlefield!” Wan Xiao activated the immortal battlefield, a giant tornado immediately sprang up and slowly moved towards Fang Yuan.


 Soul beasts were densely packed around Fang Yuan and following his gradual mobilization, the quantity kept on increasing.


 “How can he have so many soul beasts?” Wan clan’s three immortals were increasingly shaken, this Suan Bu Jin was clearly a wisdom path Gu Immortal but actually controlled such a huge soul beast army, wasn’t he neglecting his main path too much?


 The tornado’s speed became even faster and neared Fang Yuan’s soul beast army.


 Soul beasts roared and counterattacked, but the tornado seemed to have heavenly might in this immortal battlefield. Although it was weakened, it was extremely stable.


 Fang Yuan personally activated a killer move to block the tornado.


 Wan clan’s three immortals’ shock slightly decreased when they saw the killer move.


 Fang Yuan used a wisdom path killer move instead of a soul path killer move.


 “It won’t do like this, he seems to have an endless amount of soul beasts. I will attack!” Wan Hao Guang shouted.


 “Go, we will protect you.” Wan Liang Han agreed.


 Wan Hao Guang killed his way through the soul beast army, he was extremely fast, fully showing the superiority of light path.


 Every time Fang Yuan mobilized the soul beast army to besiege him, Wan Liang Han and Wan Xiao activated killer moves to protect Wan Hao Guang.


 With their excellent coordination, Wan Hao Guang broke through to the center.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change as he let out another four soul beasts.


 “Huh?” Wan Hao Guang’s momentum paused violently as he blurted out in fright: “Immemorial soul beasts!”


 Wan Liang Han and Wan Xiao were dazed, both calling out in an incredulous tone: “Four?”


 [1] Even if you are physically close to someone, you cannot know what he is thinking.



***
Chapter 1800 - Distracting Thoughts Generation


***





 



 An immemorial soul beast had rank eight battle strength, and four of them appeared at the same time.


 An absurd feeling rose up in the hearts of the three Wan clan immortals.


 Fang Yuan commanded the four immemorial desolate beasts to guard him. He wore a black robe and had his hands behind his back. He stood on one of the immemorial desolate beasts and said with disdain: “You planned to trap me with just the three of you?”


 Wan Liang Han’s eyes twitched.


 Wan Xiao’s expression was ashen.


 Wan Hao Guang’s heart sank sharply.


 Suan Bu Jin’s strength far surpassed their expectation, all of them realized: Suan Bu Jin might have already guessed this was a trap but he still came. Anyone would be confident if they had such a trump card!


 Wan clan’s three immortals felt that it was too late for regret now.


 “Calm down! He is a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, he must be forcing himself to control the four immemorial soul beasts.”


 “Right, these four immemorial soul beasts might even be all bark and no bite.”


 “Even if they are real, I want to see how well his wisdom path and soul path can coordinate!”


 The three immortals stabilized their morale and attacked Fang Yuan once again.


 Fang Yuan did not attack and only defended.


 Thus, when looked from the outside, Wan clan’s three immortals appeared to be occupying the upper hand.


 Wan Xiao controlled an immortal battlefield while also activating killer moves, throwing out wind spears that heavily injured or killed one ancient soul beast with every strike.


 Wan Hao Guang was covered in a thick armor of light, he ran wildly amidst the soul beast army, slaughtering them as he passed.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortal Wan Liang Han commanded the battle, while also constantly deducing Fang Yuan’s location in the soul beast army.


 As the battle continued, Wan clan’s three immortals felt an increasing headache. Because even though they had killed many, the amount of soul beasts Fang Yuan was releasing continued to increase.


 These soul beasts were united and covered Fang Yuan from all directions, forming tight defensive lines.


 With such a densely packed soul beast army, the best method of Wan clan’s three immortals was to use large area of effect killer moves.


 However, every time they used such killer moves, Fang Yuan would move to disrupt the killer moves. Even if there were some attacks that went through, it did not change the overall situation.


 As the area of effect killer moves were mostly ineffective, Wan clan’s three immortals were forced to use single target killer moves to kill the soul beasts one by one.


 They were using the tactic of beheading the leader, trying to pave a path to kill Fang Yuan.


 Wan clan’s three immortals had tacit cooperation, each of them was excellent in fighting and their cooperation was tight with no flaws. The three immortals supported each other, causing their battle strength to be extremely strong. Even one at peak rank seven battle strength would be in a difficult situation when facing them.


 Unfortunately, they were facing the monster known as Fang Yuan.


 The four immemorial soul beasts formed the core defensive line, after several rounds of attacks, this defensive line’s power made Wan clan’s three immortals feel increasingly hopeless.


 “Damn it, there are too few chances.” Wan Hao Guang called out discontentedly, he had just found a gap which could allow him to break through to the central defensive line, but many ancient soul beasts rushed to fill the gap almost immediately.


 “There are too many soul beasts here. Suan Bu Jin can actually command such a powerful soul beast army, the most annoying thing is he can clearly use this strength to try and break our immortal battlefield but he chose to protect himself so tightly instead!” Wan Xiao mumbled with a dark expression.


 Wan Liang Han’s expression was similarly unsightly: “I had underestimated this Suan Bu Jin. If he chose to attack, we would have more opportunities. But he is choosing to guard himself, Fang clan’s reinforcements are probably already on the way.”


 “What should we do?” Wan Xiao looked towards Wan Liang Han.


 This situation was quite awkward for them.


 Their plan had been to combine their strength and capture Suan Bu Jin quickly. Even if Suan Bu Jin had peak rank seven battle strength, this plan had a huge chance of succeeding.


 However, when Fang Yuan took out four immemorial soul beasts, their plan was immediately shaken.


 When Fang Yuan chose to turtle himself, Wan clan’s plan was already destroyed.


 Wan Liang Han was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, although his attainment level was not as high as Fang Di Chang’s, he was extremely sharp and already had the intent to retreat.


 However, it was not easy to retreat at this moment.


 The immortal battlefield had been set up, if they took the initiative to cancel it, it would lead to a huge opening. Suan Bu Jin was also a wisdom path Gu Immortal, how could he give up such an opportunity?


 Moreover, the current situation was not completely hopeless. Wan clan’s three immortals naturally still had trump cards to use.


 Wan Liang Han had a rare moment of hesitation.


 Fang Yuan was calm and composed.


 Were he to reveal his true strength, these three Wan clan immortals might immediately start begging for mercy.


 However, he did not want to do so.


 Wan Liang Han definitely needed to die, this rank seven wisdom path immortal was deducing him repeatedly and pestering him.


 As for the other two, Fang Yuan wanted to see them live.


 Back when he disguised as Suan Bu Jin, Fang Yuan specially prepared a set of wisdom path Immortal Gu and methods for this identity. At present, these methods had become even more plentiful.


 Fang Yuan secretly activated Immortal Gu Distracting Thoughts to prepare an immortal killer move.


 Wan Hao Guang’s vision was filled with all kinds of soul beasts.


 From outside, the soul beast army looked like an overflowing blot of ink, and Wan Hao Guang’s thick armor of light looked like a speck of light that was submerged in the pitch-black ink blot.


 Wan Hao Guang was trapped in all directions but he showed no cowardice or intention to escape.


 Forward, forward, forward!


 He was like a sharp sword that pierced through the densely packed soul beast army before finally stabbing towards Fang Yuan. However, all his advances were in vain, most of the time, he would lose his momentum in the middle, and in the few cases where he almost succeeded, he was blocked by the four immemorial soul beasts.


 “There are six ancient soul beasts in front, they are tall and sturdy, forming into two rows.”


 “There are two ancient soul beasts at the rear, they are very fast and are always trying to draw my attention.”


 “I cannot stop, once I stop and get entangled with them, this advancement will be considered a failure.”


 “But I cannot charge forward directly, the ancient soul beasts in the front are clearly the wall controlled by Suan Bu Jin, it is a thick defensive line.”


 “I can only change my direction.”


 “Right! The ancient soul beast at the front-left side looks like a mantis, this appearance means it has powerful offense but weak defense.”


 “I will charge through this side!!”


 Wan Hao Guang was a light path Gu Immortal and had a mystical light path killer move that could create thoughts of light in his mind.


 He could think extremely fast using these kind of thoughts.


 It was because of this killer move, Wan Hao Guang could always think about all possibilities in an instant, he chose the most correct path to break through amidst the huge army.


 Wan Hao Guang charged forward, although he suffered a heavy strike from the mantis shaped ancient soul beast, he avoided the awkward situation of being pincer attacked.


 “Haha, I succeeded!”


 “I can still continue charging forward!”


 “In this current situation, before I retreat, there is still hope.”


 “I am the main attacker, I have to put a lot of pressure on Suan Bu Jin from the front. With Wan Xiao’s and Wan Liang Han’s methods, there will be a chance to kill Suan Bu Jin.”


 “The situation just now was actually quite dangerous, if this mantis soul beast did not happen to have weak defense, I would not know what to do.”


 “If Suan Bu Jin cultivated soul path or enslavement path, there might not have been any hope just now. But Suan Bu Jin cultivates wisdom path, he has still not shown a killer move that coordinates with soul path, he should not have such a method.”


 “But just by being able to control four immemorial soul beasts shows his power, this is clearly a peak rank seven expert! If he had a fitting soul path method, he might even be able to resist a rank eight Gu Immortal for several moves.”


 “If I can kill such an enemy, I will definitely make a huge contribution to the clan. With such a remarkable battle merit, I can even boast when I run into Lady Qi Qiao in the future...”


 “Wait a moment! I am in a battle right now, how can I split my attention and think about personal relationships!”


 “Thinking about it, Lady Qi Qiao is really cute. Although she does not have shocking beauty, she is kind and sensible, she is truly my ideal woman.”


 “But why doesn’t she accept my love? Maybe, I should change my way of pursuing her... I should send one or two small gifts.”


 “If the gift is too expensive, it will lose its meaning. Hmm... I should weave a straw toy puppet and give it to her, would she be happy with it?”


 “This is a good idea!”


 “Besides the straw puppet, I can also weave a straw rabbit, a straw hat, or a straw mantis.”


 “That mantis soul beast just now looked like the kind of mantis I used to catch when I was a child.”


 ...


 Boom!


 A huge sound erupted as Wan Hao Guang was besieged by soul beasts.


 Heavy attacks struck his armor from all directions.


 Wan Hao Guang’s thought process had turned chaotic and he could no longer concentrate in the battle, causing him to suffer these heavy attacks, his armor was heavily deformed and he was muddled and dizzy.


 Wan Xiao saw Wan Hao Guang in danger and quickly activated an immortal killer move to break the encirclement.


 But right at this moment, Wan Liang Han suddenly shouted: “Don’t!”


 Wan Xiao’s reaction speed was slightly slower now for some reason, he had already activated the immortal killer move.


 The killer move’s activation failed and a violent gale backlashed, slashing his hands to a pulp.


 His body shook like he was zapped by lightning, blood flowed out of his nostrils and his face was deathly pale.


 “Oh... he is a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, he finally reacted.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly under the heavy protection of the soul beast army.


 The killer move he had used just now was distracting thoughts generation, it could make the enemies within a certain range develop distracting thoughts.


 The killer move’s effect was not obvious at the start. But as time passed, the enemies would have more distracting thoughts which would disturb their normal thinking process.


 Wan Hao Guang was influenced by the distracting thoughts first since he was the nearest to Fang Yuan, he split his attention in the battlefield and thought of other things, causing him to be encircled and attacked.


 Wan Xiao was disturbed by this move and suddenly had distracting thoughts when he activated his immortal killer move, the killer move failed and he suffered heavy injuries.


 Wan Liang Han was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he sensed something wrong and decided resolutely: “This Suan Bu Jin is truly sinister, he actually has such a peculiar method. We didn’t know his details and were not prepared, thus suffering a huge loss. The opportunity is already lost now, we should now return and think of a method to break this move before we go against him in the future!”


 Just as he was thinking, whoosh!


 The large soul beast army moved like an opened dam, countless soul beasts rushed out like a tidal flood!



***
Chapter 1801 - I Have Already Taken Your Life


***





 



 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan suddenly turned to offense, catching the three Wan clan immortals off-guard.


 “Damn it!” Wan Xiao gritted his teeth and shouted: “Quickly save Wan Hao Guang, his armor is a killer move, it won’t last much longer.”


 Wan Liang Han felt a chill rush through his whole body, Fang Yuan had been on the defensive for this whole time, now that he moved, he directly targeted the three Wan clan immortals’ vital weaknesses.


 This ruthlessness and incisiveness made Wan Liang Han feel regret for the first time: “We should have investigated properly. Wan clan has provoked such a person, who knows if it leads to a blessing or a disaster!”


 The soul beast army rushed like a flood and drowned the three Wan clan immortals.


 The four immemorial soul beasts formed the central army and were like mountains as they moved towards Wan Xiao with an unstoppable might.


 “Wan Xiao, retreat!” Wan Liang Han sensed Fang Yuan’s sinister killing intent and quickly warned.


 Wan Xiao was anxious: “I cannot, I need to save Hao Guang! He is trapped, he has already canceled his light armor killer move and is now using only light armor Immortal Gu.”


 Wan clan’s three immortals were affected by distracting thoughts generation, they could not use any killer moves as it was very likely for them to fail and inflict backlash on themselves without dealing any damage to the enemy.


 Wan Hao Guang realized this and took the initiative to cancel the killer move light armor, directly activating light armor Immortal Gu instead.


 This Immortal Gu was the core of the light armor killer move, but it was only a rank seven Immortal Gu, its defense was far below the previous light armor killer move.


 Thus, Wan Hao Guang was already in a greatly precarious situation in just a short period of time.


 Wan Xiao and him had a deep friendship, Wan Xiao was trying to save him in such a dangerous situation.


 “Damn it!” At the critical moment, Wan Liang Han could only cooperate with Wan Xiao and activated a wisdom path Immortal Gu — Wisdom Obstacle.


 Wisdom obstacle Immortal Gu created obstacles around Wan Xiao and Wan Liang Han, protecting the two and giving them a huge assistance.


 Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang displayed solid battle foundation during this perilous moment, the two finally reunited amidst the soul beast flood.


 “Good! With the two’s combined might and my cooperation, we have a hope of breaking out.” Wan Liang Han showed a trace of joy, when he heard a sneer behind him.


 “Are you not considering your own situation? Such a self-sacrificial spirit.” Fang Yuan had actually appeared behind him!


 At this moment, Wan Liang Han felt like he had fallen into an icy abyss!


 Before his death, he finally realized that everything was a part of Suan Bu Jin’s sinister plan.


 He intentionally imposed pressure and showed killing intent towards Wan Xiao and Wan Liang Han, but his true target had been Wan Liang Han!


 Those four immemorial soul beasts were still far away while Suan Bu Jin had come beside Wan Liang Han by himself. Those four immemorial soul beasts were treated as just a bait.


 These four had rank eight battle strength, who could have thought Suan Bu Jin would not use them! Since the start, he had stayed under the protection of these four immemorial soul beasts, constantly giving hidden signs to Wan clan’s three immortals, making them gradually develop some kind of cognitive bias.


 Wan Liang Han might be able to see through this trap in his normal state, but he was also struck by the killer move distracting thoughts generation; he had been suppressing the distracting thoughts in his mind while also paying attention to the safety of Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao, he was unable to take notice of anything more.


 “Suan Bu Jin was never a person who feared death, he can even take the risk at the crucial times! The previous scenes were all just an act...” Thoughts exploded in Wan Liang Han’s mind and he wanted to counterattack, disregarding all else, to exchange for a hope of survival.


 But it was too late.


 How could Fang Yuan give him the chance to struggle before his death?


 Immortal killer move — Wisdom Grasp!


 Fang Yuan lightly pushed his palm, a ‘great thief ghost hand’ flew out and entered Wan Liang Han’s body.


 Then, the ‘great thief ghost hand’ flew back with its fist clenched as if holding onto something.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I have already taken your life.”


 Wan Liang Han’s eyes were wide open, he was already dead!


 “Brother Liang Han!!” Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang shouted in shock, grief and anger.


 Wan Xiao stared furiously while Wan Hao Guang’s expression was also furious with tears flowing down his face.


 It was not easy to raise a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Wan Liang Han’s death was a heavy loss to Wan clan!


 Fang Yuan had already achieved half his target by killing Wan Liang Han. The other half would depend on the subsequent actions of these two Wan clan Gu Immortals.


 Right now, Fang Yuan did not really care about the profits he could gain from killing two rank seven Gu Immortals.


 He was going after the entire Western Desert Gu Immortal world after all.


 He activated transformation path methods to weaken his aura.


 “This guy has suddenly become weak! So he was not that strong.”


 “Maybe, the killer move he used to kill Brother Liang Han has huge repercussions!”


 Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang pleasantly found Fang Yuan’s aura had weakened, his soul beast army was also spread everywhere, no longer united like before.


 But shortly afterwards, Fang Yuan took Wan Liang Han’s corpse and hid behind the protection of the four immemorial soul beasts.


 Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang clenched their teeth in hatred, but realized that they were unable to kill Fang Yuan. If they continued to drag this, they might also die here.


 Thereupon, they removed the immortal battlefield and chose to retreat.


 Wan Xiao was heavily injured by Fang Yuan during this time and fell unconscious, Wan Hao Guang tightly held on to Wan Xiao and ran off rapidly.


 Fang Yuan controlled the soul beast army and acted like he was going to give chase, he then looked at Wan Hao Guang in satisfaction as he disappeared in the cloud layer.


 “I should also leave.” Fang Yuan did not stay behind, he looked towards the direction of Wan clan’s headquarters and smiled lightly as he disappeared after putting away the soul beast army.


 When Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong rushed to the place, he looked dazedly at the empty desert.


 There were only traces left behind that proved there had been a huge battle previously.


 Fang Gong’s expression was somewhat unsightly as he thought: “This Suan Bu Jin! It seems I am late by a bit, the enemies won.”


 While he was thinking, there was a commotion in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan used the same trick, using Suan Bu Jin’s identity to publicize this battle.


 Gu Immortals discussed heatedly, the Western Desert Gu Immortal world was even more shaken now.


 “What kind of person is this Suan Bu Jin? He actually has the protection of four immemorial soul beasts, and his wisdom path methods are so sinister.”


 “No wonder Fang clan recruited him, Western Desert’s righteous path has another peak rank seven expert!”


 “The great era is truly coming, not only with the frequent occurrences of earth trenches, but all kinds of monstrous characters are also appearing.”


 Fang Gong only realized this change in treasure yellow heaven after he received Fang Di Chang’s message.


 Fang Gong let out a sigh of relief but was slightly puzzled: “So the victor was Suan Bu Jin! But why has he not returned yet?”


 Fang Di Chang laughed: “He is a lone immortal after all and joined our clan only recently. Now, he killed Wan Liang Han who was a Western Desert righteous path Gu Immortal and a member of a super force. Adding on our Fang clan’s situation, he is worried our Fang clan will give him up to protect ourself. So he is staying outside and took the initiative to publicize the battle.”


 Fang Gong immediately understood from this explanation: “Hmph, you wisdom path Gu Immortals simply like to overthink situations. Suan Bu Jin is putting pressure on my Fang clan by doing this, but his worries are not wrong. Wan Liang Han was killed by him, our Fang clan and Wan clan’s relationship is now almost completely broken! Sigh, the newly stabilized situation has crumbled apart, Fang clan’s situation has become much more difficult.”


 “What do you think we should choose? Give Suan Bu Jin up to maintain the relationship with Wan clan? Or give up on Wan clan and protect Suan Bu Jin? Right now, it is clear to me that Suan Bu Jin does not truly want to join our Fang clan, he is only cooperating with us for his own gains. However, Wan clan is also nothing good, they triggered a loss of their own initiative this time, they will definitely retaliate even more fiercely later on.”


 Fang Di Chang said heavily: “I think it is more beneficial to protect Suan Bu Jin.”


 “Suan Bu Jin is prideful, it is normal for him to not feel united with us. He has sufficient strength to support his arrogance. Just those four immemorial soul beasts already surpass our imagination. He also revealed two wisdom path killer moves in this battle, both are sinister and dangerous, if the enemy is even a little careless, they will fall to his vicious methods.”


 “This time, it was Wan clan who found trouble with our side first. If we show weakness, other forces will believe we don’t have any strength and they will want to cause trouble! The result we achieved from using the theft path killer move will also disappear because of this.”


 “At such a critical time, my Fang clan should preserve our strong momentum and protect Suan Bu Jin. Suan Bu Jin might not be united with us, but he is a qualified ally. We have the history of a successful cooperation and the foundation for cooperation. Our clan even owes him remuneration which can allow us to use him further. What the other righteous path forces don’t hope to see is him reinforcing our clan.”


 Fang Di Chang was indeed a wisdom path great grandmaster, his analysis immediately made Fang Gong see the situation clearly.


 Fang Gong nodded, saying with a heavy voice: “You are correct. Protecting Suan Bu Jin is indeed much more beneficial than easing the situation with Wan clan. But if we do this, Wan clan will definitely retaliate heavily and our Fang clan will face an even greater suppression!”


 Fang Di Chang sighed helplessly: “There is nothing we can do about this. Divine Bean Palace’s information has been leaked, didn’t we already predict such a situation? The current plan is still to quickly refine Divine Bean Palace, our Fang clan can completely resolve this crisis with this Immortal Gu House.”


 Green ghost desert.


 An immemorial soul beast was completely defenseless against Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 After a while, it lowered its head. It was forcibly subdued by Fang Yuan.


 Ying Wu Xie was standing beside Fang Yuan.


 In this recent period of time, it was thanks to him taking charge of this place that there was a continuous supply of soul beasts.


 After defeating Wan clan’s three immortals, Fang Yuan did not return to Fang clan, instead he directly came here to help Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie was in the process of taking in soul beasts when he encountered problematic immemorial soul beasts that he could not deal with. Fang Yuan arrived to help him clear the obstacles.


 “Alright, let’s go to the next area.” Fang Yuan was speaking when his expression changed slightly.


 Fang clan had sent a message.


 “Lord sect leader, what is Fang clan’s response?” Ying Wu Xie was alert and asked with concern. Fang clan’s response would also concern the progress in green ghost desert.


 “Everything is going as I planned.” Fang Yuan smiled, he looked towards the direction of Fang clan’s headquarters with a deep gaze.



***
Chapter 1802 - Fang Clan’s Suppor


***





 Chapter 1802 Fang Clan“s Suppor 

 Wan clan headquarters.


 “Father—! You died a pitiful death!” Weeping sounds echoed in the discussion hall, reverberating in the ears of the Gu Immortals present in the hall.


 A young man, wearing mourning clothes, was crying.


 This person was Wan Zhui Qing, a rank six Gu Immortal who was Wan Liang Han’s son.


 Wan Zhui Qing was kneeling on the ground and bawling, no one was able to persuade him to stop.


 The Wan clan Gu Immortals in the hall had frowns on their faces, they were silent and their expressions were dark.


 Wan clan’s second supreme elder had an amiable personality, he said with a sigh: “The situation actually ended up like this! We sent three rank seven experts but they all lost, this is unbelievable.”


 Wan clan’s immortals all had deep feelings regarding this.


 If not for Fang Yuan revealing the whole battle in treasure yellow heaven, these Wan clan immortals might only be able to accept the result after some hesitation.


 In fact, Wan Liang Han had set off only after he had received approval from most of the Wan clan immortals.


 Three Gu Immortals of the same rank as well as an immortal battlefield, the situation should have been in their grasp but who could have imagined they would encounter such a tough enemy!


 The silent first supreme elder finally spoke: “Suan Bu Jin killed our clan’s Gu Immortal, we cannot forgive him. Wan Zhui Qing, did your father leave you his inheritance?”


 Wan Zhui Qing did not dare to act recklessly towards first supreme elder’s inquiry, he held back his tears and said: “Father taught me everything about his inheritance, killer moves, and Gu recipes. But... there is not even one Immortal Gu left behind!”


 First supreme elder’s expression sank further.


 This situation was not normal. Suan Bu Jin was a rank seven, Wan Liang Han was also the same, but the former could kill the latter instantly without the latter being able to retaliate.


 Normally speaking, there were rarely such direct results when Gu Immortals of the same rank fought. Usually, life and death battles would fall into a deadlock, during such times, if one side wanted to leave and was not trapped in any immortal battlefield, the other side would hardly be able to stop them.


 An immortal battlefield’s value was that it did not allow enemies to escape freely.


 Wan clan’s three immortals brought out the immortal battlefield to make sure Fang Yuan could not escape. But they did not expect Fang Yuan to not even try to escape, instead the immortal battlefield became useless and he killed Wan Liang Han while fighting off the other two Wan clan Gu Immortals.


 This was truly an ironic result to Wan clan.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder felt regret now.


 If he had known this would happen, he would have lent his Immortal Gu House to Wan Liang Han.


 But he had his own difficulties.


 He was only a rank seven and not like the rank eight leaders of other righteous path forces. Because of this, the Immortal Gu House was required to guard their headquarters.


 He, however, did not know his arrangement was actually rational and correct. Were Fang Yuan to see the Immortal Gu House, he would definitely plunder it. Thus, the first supreme elder’s arrangement reduced Wan clan’s losses instead.


 First supreme elder sighed in his head before saying to Wan Zhui Qing: “Wan Liang Han’s death was a mistake on our part. Wan Liang Han will be honored and any Gu materials required to refine his Immortal Gu will be provided for free from the clan’s treasury. I just hope these Immortal Gu were destroyed.”


 “Thank you, first supreme elder! Thank you, esteemed elders!!” Wan Zhui Qing kowtowed multiple times towards the first supreme elder and the other Wan clan Gu Immortals.


 This was what he hoped to achieve by crying in the first place, he succeeded now.


 He was the youngest here so kowtowing was not inappropriate.


 First supreme elder continued but with a gloomy and chilling voice: “Suan Bu Jin is Fang clan’s member, we will pressure Fang clan to hand him over. From this battle, we can be certain Suan Bu Jin is definitely Old Man Lie Shen’s inheritor! This is a demonic path scoundrel! The bloody debt that Old Man Lie Shen owes us will be paid by him.”


 Many Wan clan Gu Immortals’ eyes shined brightly.


 They could only do this!


 Back then, Old Man Lie Shen had been the pain of many Western Desert righteous path forces. Placing this crime on Fang Yuan was to give the Western Desert righteous path forces an excuse to go against Fang clan.


 Earlier, this had only been an excuse.


 Wan clan wanted to capture Suan Bu Jin so that Fang clan would have no way to extricate themselves. The plan did not work, but Wan clan’s first supreme elder still insisted on it as the truth.


 Lack of evidence?


 I will create evidence myself!


 Although it was shameless, every super force wanted to deal with Fang clan and this plan would make use of their worry regarding Fang clan’s rise.


 It was just that the success rate of this plan was not as high as the previous plan.


 Wan clan’s Gu Immortal died in the battle and it was even publicized. They could not let this go!


 Wan clan had no option but to continue with this excuse!


 Second supreme elder heaved a deep sigh: “The situation might not be that bad. Fang clan might have already decided to give up on Suan Bu Jin.”


 “Hmph, even if they give him up, Fang clan won’t be able to escape the crime of sheltering a demonic path Gu Immortal.”


 However, bad news arrived in Wan clan the next day.


 Fang clan declared their stand, they were going to protect Fang Yuan and prove Fang Yuan’s true origin was related to Zheng Jing Shen.


 Wan clan immediately objected and brought out all kinds of ‘evidence’.


 Fang Di Chang did not even bother to deduce the flaws in these evidences, instead he tossed out even more ‘undeniable evidence’!


 Laughable!


 You can forge evidence, can I not do the same?


 Western Desert’s two super forces argued intensely over the claims that Suan Bu Jin was Zheng Jing Shen’s inheritor or Old Man Lie Shen’s inheritor.


 One side said they had proof! The other side said theirs were more reliable.


 One side threw out a piece of evidence, while the other side threw out two.


 But the main person who was being thrown in the whirlpool of politics, Fang Yuan, was leisurely subduing immemorial soul beasts in green ghost desert with a content spirit.


 Naturally, he kept his attention on the progress of the situation.


 It was actually quite amusing.


 Fang Yuan himself was not anxious at all, he did not bring out any evidence to prove himself, but Fang clan and Wan clan, however, were extremely agitated, bringing out any evidence they could find, or forging some if they could not!


 The two super forces vied with each other in testifying for and against a demon, even airing extreme confidence in their own claims.


 Were they to truly know Fang Yuan’s identity, who knew how their mentality would change?


 Fang clan would definitely feel like they had fallen into the icy depths but Wan clan would also be scared!


 This was the demon Fang Yuan!


 Even Heavenly Court as well as the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path were helpless against him!


 Over these days, Fang Yuan had not only subdued several immemorial soul beasts, he also took out time to absorb Wan Liang Han’s wisdom path inheritance.


 Wan Liang Han was instantly killed by Fang Yuan, the difference in their strength was so great that he simply did not have the time to destroy his Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan obtained three Immortal Gu from him, two rank six and one rank seven.


 The rank seven wisdom path Immortal Gu was called Wisdom Obstacle. Wisdom obstacle Immortal Gu had the shape of a snail, it was dark and occasionally shined with a trace of purple light, it looked quite silly.


 Fang Yuan had already seen the power of this Immortal Gu.


 Activating this wisdom obstacle Immortal Gu could instantly form obstacles in a large range around the Gu Immortal. It consumed immortal essence as well as a large amount of will.


 There were also a lot of killer moves with wisdom obstacle Immortal Gu as the core.


 One killer move was quite outstanding that even Fang Yuan was surprised.


 This killer move directly sent the obstacles created by the wisdom obstacle Immortal Gu into the enemy’s mind. With the giant obstacles, the thoughts in the enemy’s mind would have trouble colliding with each other and thus would make it difficult for them to think.


 Usually, when this move succeeds, it would immediately make the enemy turn stupid, they would feel like there was a boulder in their mind, unable to solve any problems.


 This move was outstanding but it had to first touch the enemy and pierce into the enemy’s brain.


 So there were several other killer moves that were specially targeted towards the brain.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was well-versed in wisdom path and had many methods protecting his mind. Wan Liang Han’s killer moves had almost no hope in getting past these hurdles.


 Moreover, he was struck by Fang Yuan’s distracting thoughts generation and lost the initiative. He clearly had killer moves but could not use them and lost most of his ability.


 Thinking back about the battle, Fang Yuan was very satisfied.


 He had put his two killer moves to test in actual battle and their effects were excellent.


 One was distracting thoughts generation, it was a wisdom path killer move that also had the essence of soul path. When activating the killer move, Fang Yuan could hide its aura by relying on the four immemorial soul beasts.


 It would be problematic if the killer move’s aura was exposed and the enemy sensed it. This was because distracting thoughts generation required a certain amount of time before its strength could accumulate to a decent level.


 The other move was wisdom grasp, it was a wisdom path killer move which Fang Yuan deduced after referencing great thief ghost hand and the steal life true inheritance.


 Great thief ghost hand stole Immortal Gu while wisdom grasp stole lives, instantly killing enemies.


 This move was only rank seven so it had very poor effect against rank eight Gu Immortals, but was perfect for an opponent like Wan Liang Han. Fang Yuan had added some transformation path Gu worms into wisdom grasp to disguise it as great thief ghost hand.


 In the battle of Divine Bean Palace, Fang Yuan had displayed great thief ghost hand in front of Fang Gong, he also subdued immemorial soul beasts under the cooperation of Fang Di Chang.


 So the methods Fang Yuan revealed did not stun Fang clan, they instead highlighted his value.


 At the same time, he also cleverly exposed his ‘weakness’ — Fang Yuan clearly had methods to directly manipulate soul beasts but he did not use any in the fight.


 Therefore, Fang clan had a misconception that they still had Suan Bu Jin in their grasp. Trying their best to protect him was a natural thing.


 From a simple perspective, this battle was only a battle between Fang Yuan and three Wan clan immortals. But in truth, it was Fang Yuan who manipulated the present situation and intensified the conflicts between the two sides, he was influencing the two super forces Fang clan and Wan clan, while also controlling the situation of the entire Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan’s true goal was after the battle. By implementing this plan, his future gains would be beyond imagination. These Immortal Gu like Wisdom Obstacle were just appetizers before the banquet.


 Unconsciously, at this point, Fang Yuan no longer emphasized on trifling gains or losses.


 Physically in the situation, rampaging everywhere unhindered.


 Mentally in the situation, ambitions soaring above the horizons.


 “Unconsciously, I have already reached this level.”


 “Those heroes and conquerors who ruled their eras, were they also like this?”


 “Heh.”


 Fang Yuan collected his thoughts.


 Green ghost desert looked even more dark and gloomy at night.


 Dark clouds filled the sky, not letting even a trace of starlight pass.


 Fang Yuan was sitting on the head of a ferocious immemorial soul beast, and beside him were uncountable soul beasts.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, the large army silently charged forward towards the boundless darkness.



***
Chapter 1803 - Dragonman Clone


***





 Chapter 1803 Dragonman Clone 

 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Red Heaven.


 A large formation was making loud noises, variant human Gu Immortals were fully prepared for combat with Bai Ning Bing at their lead.


 Whoosh!


 There was the sound of enormous tidal waves and an immemorial year beast rushed out of the formation that was shining in silver light.


 “This is an immemorial year pig!” Lady White Rabbit shouted excitedly.


 “Great, the year essence pool lacks this species of year beast.” Fairy Miao Yin also added spiritedly.


 There was nothing to say, the battle started immediately.


 The immortals controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and battled the immemorial year pig.


 The immemorial year pig had a sturdy body, but Myriad Year Flying Warship was also incomparably firm, both sides were evenly matched.


 The battle caused a storm just from its aftermath. If it were an ordinary immortal aperture, the Gu Immortal would definitely suffer heavy losses. But Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was too vast.


 He had devoured the lifetime accumulations of many Gu Immortals, but even then, his sovereign immortal aperture was only seventeen to eighteen percent developed.


 This Mini Red Heaven was specially left empty by Fang Yuan, reserved as a battlefield.


 Currently, the mini five regions’ development was flourishing, seven of the mini nine heavens also had some resources. Mini Red Heaven was completely empty, dream realms were stored in Mini Green Heaven, and Mini Yellow Heaven only had a small segment of a gold fragment current.


 The mini five regions still had a lot of unoccupied land, it could be estimated that the mini nine heavens would remain barren for a long period of time.


 Normally speaking, when a Gu Immortal advances to rank eight and gains a grotto-heaven, they would actively develop the sky because there would be no free space left on the land. But Fang Yuan was a special case and could not be assessed by common sense.


 The battle of the rank eight Immortal Gu House and the immemorial desolate beast lasted for a few days before the latter lost and gave in.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was sweeping through green ghost desert, while inside his immortal aperture, his subordinates were using Myriad Year Flying Warship to subdue immemorial year beasts.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan was intentionally making these rank seven Gu Immortals get familiar with Myriad Year Flying Warship so that they could participate in battles of rank eights in the future.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan was using the immemorial year beast fishing formation to attract immemorial year beasts in an attempt to complete his Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 Fang Yuan had started on the plan of Twelve Zodiac battle formation in his previous life.


 This was an ancient battle formation.


 Gathering twelve different species of immemorial year beasts and using them as cores for the formation.


 Twelve Zodiac battle formation was specialized in offense, and it could move freely after the formation was complete. During inactive times, these immemorial year beasts could be sealed, becoming like statues, unmoving and not requiring food. But during battle, the seal would be released, they would make up the battle formation and attack the enemy.


 There were many advantages of this formation, one was it saved a lot on food expenditure.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan saw this point and had intended to use this method to ease the pressure on his immortal aperture management.


 But in this life, Fang Yuan was very affluent, saving the food expenditure became secondary and what Fang Yuan prioritized now was the strong offensive prowess of this formation.


 Only immemorial year beasts were qualified to be the cores of the Twelve Zodiac battle formation. Fang Yuan would be unable to construct the Twelve Zodiac battle formation if he used ancient year beasts or desolate level year beasts.


 This showed that the Twelve Zodiac battle formation could definitely suppress the methods of ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals.


 However, it was not as easy as it seemed to gather twelve different species of immemorial year beast.


 It depended not only on strength but also luck.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan did not have the time and energy to spare on this and his luck was also bad, so he was not able to gather the complete battle formation even by the time of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 The River of Time had a lot of year beasts, but the species of these year beasts were not allocated evenly. Instead, a certain species of year beasts would have a huge increase in its population during a certain period of time.


 Fang Yuan also was not completely sure if he could gather them all in this life.


 But in this life, the manpower, resources, time, and energy put into this project along with the increase in his luck was much more than his previous life.


 This was a fact.


 Time continued to pass.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was being extorted by Fang Yuan, many secretly thought of ways to deal with Fang Yuan but were afraid of alerting him.


 Western Desert’s righteous path forces were confronting each other, Fang clan and Wan clan’s argument was continuing without an end. The other righteous path forces were restraining themselves, but hidden undercurrents were surging.


 In Northern Plains, Longevity Heaven was trying hard to unite the whole Northern Plains Gu Immortal world but there was little progress. In the previous life, Longevity Heaven took in Lang Ya blessed sect which made the Northern Plains Gu Immortals realize their sincerity, greatly reducing the hostile intentions. But in this life, Lang Ya blessed land was already completely taken by Fang Yuan.


 In Eastern Sea, it was tranquil as always. There were some disturbances occasionally but they were nothing major. The most sensational issue would be the matter of Ascending Heaven Plain, but this matter was already settled.


 In Central Continent, because of the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court was recuperating. Fairy Zi Wei wanted to find trouble with Fang Yuan, but she was helpless because Fang Yuan was wholeheartedly cultivating in seclusion, even if he took action, he would do it in disguise, making it hard for others to distinguish reality from rumors.


 The Gu Immortal world of the five regions entered a temporary peaceful period.


 Fang Yuan did not waste even a second of his time, he used this rare peaceful period to constantly process his gains and strengthen himself.


 Time cutting edge was one step closer to perfection.


 He could already use all five colored lights of five restriction profound light qi at the same time after this period of painstaking training, but he was still some distance left from becoming completely proficient.


 The progress of his soul path cultivation was also highly satisfactory.


 Fang Yuan’s soul had already passed ten million man soul level, reaching one hundred million man soul!


 This was the limit of a human.


 Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable appeared, in the long and endless history of humanity, even if there were shocking talents and geniuses, they could not progress beyond one hundred million man soul.


 Man was the spirit of all living beings, humans had the strongest intelligence, but when their strength was compared, the sharpness of their nails, and the robustness of their souls, they were far inferior to other beings.


 However, cultivation itself was a process of breaking one’s limits.


 Gu Master could possess strength to suppress fierce beasts by using Gu worms, grow nails sharper than those of fierce beasts, and naturally, have the foundation to possess even more robust souls.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the first to innovate this method of breaking through the limits, Fang Yuan naturally had a grasp of this method after inheriting Shadow Sect’s true inheritance.


 Cultivating beyond the limit of a human soul was desolate soul!


 Although one hundred million man soul was already condensed to the limit and could interfere with the real world, it was still fragile.


 But when the soul reached desolate soul level, there would be an earth-shaking change in its battle strength, Fang Yuan would be able to match most desolate beasts with just his soul.


 The one who had reached the peak in this was Spectral Soul. In the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had used just his soul to fight against the heavenly and human calamities, his awe-inspiring demonic might had left an extremely deep impression on Fang Yuan, making him feel desire towards reaching this level.


 “But I still have things to do before I breakthrough to desolate soul!”


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s split soul was put inside the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 The formation began to work, its light dyed all the surroundings bright red like blazing fire.


 After the experience of failing several times before, Fang Yuan’s movements were smooth.


 “Concentrate, we are going to add the main immortal material next.” Fang Yuan commanded, Lang Ya land spirit, who was helping as an assistant, nodded immediately, helping Fang Yuan control the formation.


 The space inside the formation formed into partitioned secret rooms that were specially meant to store immortal materials.


 At this moment, one secret room opened and the immortal material inside immediately entered the formation.


 This immortal material was called prospering spring light, it was a rank eight immortal material. Although it was a light path immortal material, it was condensed in the form of a flower. The flower bloomed open, its pure white petals were adorned with bright red specks along with blotches of bright green. The flower was lifelike and delicate, and was bursting with vitality.


 The moment the prospering spring light entered the fire, it melted into pure white light that poured over Fang Yuan’s split soul.


 The light fully covered the soul.


 The fire continued to burn the soul.


 Gu materials were thrown in one after the other, at the same time, several Immortal Gu outside the formation were ceaselessly activated.


 Hairy man Gu Immortals were assisting with all their strength, some were dealing with the immortal materials, some were controlling the fire, and some were inspecting the wastage.


 This was a group Gu refinement, the expenditure was much higher than refining Gu alone, but the difficulty of the Gu refinement was also lower.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan was alone and did not have this treatment. In this life, he annexed Lang Ya Sect, the refinement path capability he grasped had already surpassed Heavenly Court!


 How many refinement path Gu Immortals could Heavenly Court awaken? Even if there were refinement path great experts hibernating in the immortal graveyard, there would be very few who might possess refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level.


 Naturally, Heavenly Court’s treasuries were extremely rich, they far surpassed Fang Yuan in this aspect. Even though Fang Yuan had swallowed the lifetime accumulations of so many Gu Immortals, he could not hold a candle to Heavenly Court.


 The refinement was going well, Fang Yuan’s spirits rose as he shouted: “Next is false pearl!”


 False pearl was not a pearl but a transformation path immortal material that could transform into any gem.


 It was also a rank eight material like prospering spring light, and was this refinement’s main material!


 The false pearl quickly integrated into the fire.


 Fang Yuan called out: “Bai Ning Bing!”


 Bai Ning Bing nodded, she was already standing in a formation core, she lightly swung her arm, blood flew out of the injury on her hand.


 The blood entered the raging fire, the crimson fire immediately turned into a bewitching blood red color.


 Moreover, dense blood qi spread into the surroundings.


 Sixth Hair immediately gathered this blood qi and constantly removed it.


 If this was not done, this blood qi could heavily interfere with the next process of refinement.


 The blood fire reduced in size the more it burned, and soon it shrunk to the size of a fist.


 Fang Yuan took a deep breath, the other Gu Immortals also had solemn expressions.


 Next was a crucial step.


 “Release the raging wave rising dragon fire!” Fang Yuan sent the command.


 The raging wave rising dragon fire could act on its own, the moment it was released, it sought to fly away from the formation, but how was it possible?


 The Long Hair refinement path formation firmly blocked it and forced it to collide with the blood fire.


 The two fires were quite distinct from each other, but they soon merged with each other, forming a large lump of colorful fire.


 The mixed fire similarly reduced in size the more it burned while also emitting dense suffocating smoke.


 The smoke settled down and covered the fire, forming a pitch-black sphere. From outside, one could vaguely see the bright fire in the center of the smoke sphere.


 Boom!


 The smoke sphere lasted for about an hour when it suddenly exploded, countless gusts of smoke flew around chaotically like dragons. Air waves surged and people could hear a sound like that of a dragon roar.


 A dragonman Gu Master walked out of the smoke and revealed himself.


 He was muscular and handsome, he had a tall nose bridge and firm lips. He looked like a peerless hero.


 He had golden dragon scales on his body, he had a pair of dragon eyes like topaz, there was also a pair of golden coral-like dragon horns on his head.


 Seeing him, Lang Ya land spirit laughing loudly: “Success, we succeeded!”


 Indeed, this young rank one Gu Master was Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone.



***
Chapter 1804 - Breaking Through To Desolate Soul


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The soul path formation was already arranged properly.


 This formation was floating in the air, with a radius of about three li.


 The formation was letting out a dark and gloomy radiance. It looked like a huge pancake with thick sides and a thin center.


 Eerie wind blew up everywhere in the formation, sharply lowering the temperature inside, but everything was normal outside the formation.


 Fang Yuan inspected the formation several times with his divine sense before feeling satisfied: “This formation is modified from a soul path killer move, it is much more stable than the killer move and it can be controlled much more smoothly and exquisitely.”


 This was a unique soul cultivation technique recorded in Shadow Sect true inheritance, it allowed the human soul to break through the limit and reach the desolate soul level!


 On the basis of this soul cultivation killer move and his formation path attainment, Fang Yuan improved and perfected it.


 Everything was ready, Fang Yuan sent his hundred million man soul into the formation.


 A desolate beast soul core was being grasped by Fang Yuan’s soul, and when the soul reached the center of the formation, it crushed the soul core.


 The soul core was already processed beforehand and was further weakened sharply by the formation.


 The soul core shattered and turned into fog that floated out.


 The formation operated rapidly, making the fog shroud Fang Yuan’s hundred million man soul completely.


 For the next several hours, this fog continued to thin before completely disappearing.


 Fang Yuan’s hundred million man soul was still in its original shape, the same as his sovereign immortal body’s appearance, solid and lifelike.


 The feelings Fang Yuan had inside it, however, was greatly different from before.


 “So this is desolate soul?” Fang Yuan’s soul looked at his hands.


 He could clearly sense that although there was not much change in his shape, a vast strength was surging on the inside.


 This strength could not even be imagined by his previous state.


 Hundred million man soul could interfere with the real world but would be in danger even if it was attacked by ordinary wild beasts. But the desolate soul’s strength was like heaven and earth compared to hundred million man soul.


 “Let’s test it in real battle.” Fang Yuan’s soul flew out of the formation excitedly.


 Fang Yuan had already made preparations, a desolate beast was confined not far away.


 The desolate beast had just obtained its freedom when it saw the bluish black soul that had the physique of an adult fly towards it.


 It roared ferociously and opened its mouth as it charged at Fang Yuan’s soul.


 Fang Yuan’s soul suddenly flew up at the last moment, avoiding the desolate beast’s bite and flying to its head.


 He then raised his right leg and swung it down like an axe.


 Boom!


 A loud sound resounded as the hill-sized desolate beast was knocked down, heavily injured.


 “Again!” Fang Yuan’s soul chased after it, punching and kicking.


 The desolate beast lacked intelligence and adding on its large size, it could only take the beatings passively while Fang Yuan dodged its attacks.


 The desolate soul’s attacks hit all its targets, after taking the beating for a while, this desolate beast whimpered and fled, losing its will to fight.


 Fang Yuan’s soul did not give chase, he would arrange for people to catch it afterwards.


 A light excitement lingered in the thoughts of Fang Yuan’s soul.


 “I really possess the strength of a desolate beast!”


 “Adding on my combat techniques, ordinary desolate beasts are not my match in a one on one battle.”


 “However, my human soul could float, but after breaking through to desolate soul, I am unable to fly and have to rely on Gu worms.”


 Fang Yuan’s soul could fly around in the battle because the soul contained various Immortal Gu as well as immortal essence.


 Some soul beasts could fly but some could not.


 In the records of Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, when a human soul broke through to desolate soul, it could not fly. Because humans were innately unable to fly.


 A featherman’s soul was different, it could fly, but feathermen were not pure humans.


 Even Spectral Soul who had reached the peak of soul cultivation could not fly and had to stand on the ground in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 “The number of soul path dao marks on the soul has increased sharply, it actually broke through ten thousand dao marks!”


 Previously, Fang Yuan’s soul had few soul path dao marks even though it was cultivated to hundred million man soul.


 This was because Fang Yuan had used the two sacred lands of soul cultivation, Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley. If he had used other soul cultivation methods, he would have to increase the dao marks on his soul to accumulate the same level of foundation.


 The physical body was a carrier of dao marks, the soul was also the same.


 It was not only soul path that could add dao marks on the soul, other paths could also do it.


 Like time path.


 Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha had arranged a defensive method on her soul. Her soul was covered in a web formed from time path dao marks. This layer of defense had caused many difficulties for Fang Yuan when he soul searched her in the previous life.


 Breaking through the limit and forming a desolate soul, Fang Yuan could now continue cultivating his soul.


 The journey would be much longer and broader than human soul cultivation.


 Ten desolate soul, hundred desolate soul, thousand desolate soul, ten thousand desolate soul...


 Fang Yuan’s desolate soul started cultivating, the time path clone was focused on deductions, while Fang Yuan’s main body continued to research on the dragonman clone.


 Despite this clone being created by himself, it still had research value.


 The dragonman clone’s soul originally had the appearance of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body, and had thirty million man soul foundation.


 At present, however, its appearance had changed greatly. It looked the same as the dragonman’s body, with dragon tail, horns, scales, and vertical dragon pupils.


 Moreover, the soul path dao marks on the soul were already reduced to single digits and the soul foundation was only at a few dozen man soul.


 This was the result of Fang Yuan’s refinement and it was also what he wanted to achieve.


 The split souls all possessed human souls. When entering a dragonman body, it could only be possessed by the human soul and the entity could not be considered a dragonman completely.


 Fang Yuan created the dragonman clone to strive for the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace. Be they transformation path killer moves or soul possession, they could not give such assurance like the clone.


 After painstaking refinement, Fang Yuan refined the dragonman body with a matching dragonman soul.


 Only like this could it be considered a complete dragonman.


 Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone was only a half-finished product.


 The pure dream clone’s physical body did not have any issues but its soul was Fang Yuan’s human soul. Although the pure dream clone was a human, it did not match Fang Yuan’s split soul.


 A long period of adaptation was required and some soul path methods would have to be used before Fang Yuan’s split soul could completely turn into the appearance of its physical body, only then could they truly match each other.


 In fact, when Fang Yuan had just obtained the sovereign immortal body, it did not match his soul. After a long period of cultivation and using soul path methods to adjust his soul, he reached his current perfectly matching state.


 Dragonmen were variant humans, there was naturally unique points about their physical bodies.


 Rockmen had abundant earth path dao marks, snowmen were proficient in ice and snow path, hairy men possessed refinement path dao marks, mermen were water path, and dragonmen possessed enslavement path dao marks from birth.


 Dragonmen had an incomparable talent in enslavement path, they were natural kings who could rule over other lifeforms much more easily than other races.


 “The influence of the enslavement path dao marks brings an enormous benefit in not only the external matters but also to the internal structure of dragonmen.”


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, with the enslavement path dao marks, the dragonman societal structure would be much tighter than other races.


 This tightness was not because of external causes but was innate to dragonmen.


 In Fang Yuan’s point of view, the influence brought by enslavement path dao marks to the internal structure was much more significant to the dragonmen than its external influence!


 The dragonmen would be united unlike other races, especially like the internal fighting and internal friction of humanity.


 As for enslavement path, it was specialized in battles of attrition. The cost of cultivating enslavement path was high, but if it was accomplished to a certain level, one could fight many by themselves, winning against stronger enemies.


 Some paths had high individual battle strength like blood path, metal path, sword path, and so on.


 But only few paths possessed the special characteristics of fighting one as many, in order to win against stronger enemies. For instance, there was formation path.


 When Fang Yuan was a mortal and fought in the Imperial Court contest, he used enslavement path methods. And he had used formation path methods to capture Southern Border immortals not long ago.


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized one point: “No wonder, in the previous life, Dragon Palace could enslave Di Zang Sheng. This Immortal Gu House should be an enslavement path Immortal Gu House!”


 Fang Yuan was not too clear about the inner details regarding Dragon Palace.


 Even now, he did not understand how Bai Ning Bing suddenly became the owner of Dragon Palace.


 But it did not matter.


 “Even if the dragonman clone is of no use, I still have a living Bai Ning Bing.”


 The dragonman clone only had rank one Gu Master cultivation, the next step was to raise it to Gu Immortal level. Its path was most likely going to be enslavement path.


 Fang Yuan had already sealed the pure dream clone’s aperture, albeit with difficulty. The split soul was cultivating continuously, actively transforming to match the physical body.


 These two split souls might have some soul path cultivation, but it would only be at superficial level and never be to the extent of the main body’s soul.


 Because the dao marks of different paths would conflict and interfere with each other.


 “I will cultivate for a bit longer, then it will be time to attack.” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined like blazing fire.


 In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was still the one in charge.


 In Central Great Hall.


 A message came that slightly eased her furrowed brows.


 “Good, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has accepted Prince Feng Xian’s proposal and will receive our financial help!”


 Longevity Heaven wanted to unite the whole Northern Plains Gu Immortal world and they showed great determination, thus they had big clashes with lone immortals and demonic path members.


 Fairy Zi Wei thus made a plan and boldly sent back Prince Feng Xian to Northern Plains to persuade Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was not willing at first and had been firm in his stance, but under his wife’s persuasion, he reluctantly agreed to collaborating with Heavenly Court.


 “Although our current collaboration is limited, it won’t be the same in the future.” Fairy Zi Wei smiled confidently.


 Looking at the entire world’s situation.


 There was important progress in Northern Plains while Heavenly Court was also stirring up trouble from behind the scenes to create conflict in Western Desert’s righteous path.


 Central Continent was free of any particular event. Eastern Sea’s several large forces divided Ascending Heaven Plain between themselves. But in the dark, Heavenly Court was putting full efforts in searching for Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace.


 “As for Southern Border...” Fairy Zi Wei’s smile disappeared.


 The situation was not optimistic in Southern Border.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was being extorted by Fang Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei was unable to stop it. At the same time, the Southern Alliance was formed, the alliance leader position was empty but Tie clan’s Beacon Towers were already being constructed everywhere.


 Both of these situations were bad news to Heavenly Court.


 “There is also Fang Yuan, he captured so many Southern Border Gu Immortals and extorted countless immortal materials, he also has the whole of Lang Ya Sect’s refinement path Gu Immortals under him...”


 Fairy Zi Wei was paying close attention to any news regarding Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan had gone into hiding and was unable to be found.


 Fairy Zi Wei felt a huge pressure, she would rather have Fang Yuan cause chaos everywhere and run amok.


 Currently, she did not even hear a trace of any rumor regarding Fang Yuan’s recent situation.


 “What is Fang Yuan doing?”


 “How much has his strength increased?”


 “When and where will he appear again?”


 The final question did not trouble Fairy Zi Wei for long.


 Approximately half a month later, she obtained some battle information.


 Fang Yuan had suddenly appeared in the River of Time and fought the Four Xunzi.


 He was not alone, he brought a ship shaped rank eight Immortal Gu House!



***
Chapter 1805 - First Battle in the River of Time


***





 



 Immortal Gu House Myriad Year Flying Warship was moving in the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan was standing proudly on the bow of the ship with his hands behind his back. He wore a black robe, his hair was long and black, and he was gazing at the endless waves in the River of Time with his dark abyss-like eyes.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were inside the Immortal Gu House, looking at Fang Yuan who was releasing rank seven aura. Some felt a chill in their hearts, while some realized: No wonder Fang Yuan could rampage till now. If I had rank eight cultivation, I would have already begun ruling an area and proclaimed it to the world, but he is a wolf in sheep’s clothing, not letting go of any chance to deceive the enemy.


 There were some who sighed: Both sides have yet to clash, but Fang Yuan has already started to mislead the enemy. This is a confrontation between information and tactics! This battle has already started since Myriad Year Flying Warship appeared in the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan had his own plan.


 If he could keep his rank eight cultivation a secret, he would not expose it.


 Because once it was exposed, the secret of the sovereign immortal body would no longer be hidden.


 In the previous life, this secret was exposed, but in this life, this secret seemed to still be undiscovered.


 “As for the secret of my rebirth, it will probably be exposed after this battle.” Fang Yuan estimated inwardly.


 Let it be exposed then!


 Fang Yuan felt it was time for it to be known.


 The significance of this battle was extremely huge.


 Although Fang Yuan was cautious and careful all along and paid close attention to the ink effect, he would not hesitate when it was time to make a move.


 Advancing or retreating, attacking or defending, Fang Yuan was well-versed and experienced in this.


 A pavilion was floating in the River of Time.


 It was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic in appearance. The cover was made of yellow grass, the pillars were grey white rocks that were not polished. There was a folding screen in the pavilion consisting of multiple panels, it was the most elegant decoration in there.


 It was the rank seven Immortal Gu House Present and Past Pavilion.


 Four Central Continent time path Gu Immortals were standing inside the pavilion, they were the Four Xunzi.


 They had detected Myriad Year Flying Warship the moment it appeared.


 The Four Xunzi immediately reported this information to Fairy Zi Wei without daring to delay a second.


 “Fang Yuan has finally appeared.”


 “Yes, we did not waste our time by waiting here for so long.”


 “He is still a rank seven, but has a rank eight Immortal Gu House!”


 “What Immortal Gu House is this? I have never heard about it.”


 “From the looks of it, it should be a time path Immortal Gu House, right?”


 The Four Xunzi did not attack immediately.


 As far as they were concerned, Present and Past Pavilion was specialized in investigating within the River of Time, they were still very far away from Fang Yuan at this moment. They discovered Fang Yuan but Fang Yuan could not see them.


 They were only at rank seven in the end, it was only because they cultivated time path that the supreme Heavenly Court noticed them and stationed them here.


 Moreover, the Four Xunzi were not Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, their next course of action would depend on Fairy Zi Wei’s arrangements and commands.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship carried Fang Yuan while floating slowly. Fang Yuan was looking at all directions from the bow as if he was searching for something.


 “Looks like Fang Yuan is searching for Red Lotus true inheritance.”


 “He did not discover us indeed.”


 “Lady Zi Wei has not sent a command yet?”


 Inside Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi were tightly observing Fang Yuan.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei was first happy then puzzled.


 She was happy that Fang Yuan had finally appeared!


 It was less scary when he appeared, the worst was him hiding and doing things secretly.


 In truth, every day that Fang Yuan did not appear would increase the mental pressure on Fairy Zi Wei, wondering what evil scheme Fang Yuan was plotting!


 But now that Fang Yuan appeared, Fairy Zi Wei finally let out a sigh of relief.


 “Good, come! Let me see how much you have grown, I will make good use of this chance to kill you.” Killing intent spread inside Fairy Zi Wei: “As for that rank eight Immortal Gu House, is it your reliance and source of confidence, Fang Yuan?”


 Fairy Zi Wei also was somewhat bewildered.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House had appeared with no prior signs!


 According to common sense, even a super force would not be able to hide the construction of an Immortal Gu House and there would be many traces left behind. Because there were too many things to gather and prepare.


 The construction process of an Immortal Gu House would make quite a bit of commotion and would be discovered by others.


 Fang Yuan naturally was not exempted from this. But his accumulation process had happened in his previous life, so Fairy Zi Wei could not sense it.


 “How could Fang Yuan suddenly have a time path Immortal Gu House, and it is a rank eight one?”


 “What abilities and powers does this ship shaped Immortal Gu House have?”


 Thoughts were constantly colliding in Fairy Zi Wei’s mind, Central Great Hall was quickly pervaded with purple qi.


 She rapidly deduced and soon came to a decision.


 She estimated this Immortal Gu House had limited strength even though it was at rank eight level. Because it had appeared too suddenly and there was no records of such a ship in the history, it was likely a hasty and experimental work of Fang Yuan.


 Moreover, whether it was strong or weak, Heavenly Court would still need to probe it and stop Fang Yuan from obtaining Red Lotus’ true inheritances.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly commanded Qing Ye to hurry to the location of Present and Past Pavilion with Eternal Yacht.


 An accurate and clear map of the surroundings appeared in her mind.


 “When Eternal Yacht meets up with Present and Past Pavilion, they will pincer attack Fang Yuan from the front and back!” Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze shone sharply.


 Previously, Present and Past Pavilion was monitoring the River of Time while Eternal Yacht was moving everywhere in search of Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Currently, Eternal Yacht was already rushing over under Fairy Zi Wei’s command.


 The Four Xunzi also quickly received Fairy Zi Wei’s command.


 “We need to move! Based on Fang Yuan’s speed and direction, he will soon escape Present and Past Pavilion’s detection range.”


 “We will attack first and delay Fang Yuan, luring him to this area. Then Eternal Yacht will sneak attack them from behind!”


 “Move out!”


 The Four Xunzi controlled Present and Past Pavilion to make the River of Time send out waves.


 The water waves moved towards Myriad Year Flying Warship like countless soldiers.


 “They finally made a move!” Inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, a variant human Gu Immortal said softly and excitedly.


 Fang Yuan had intentionally appeared near Present and Past Pavilion to lure them into attacking.


 “Lord sect leader is so naughty, he clearly discovered Present and Past Pavilion already but is acting like he did not. The enemy has taken the bait.” Lady White Rabbit’s long eyebrows fluttered, her eyes were glistening brightly like shiny crystals, having learned another sneaky move.


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan gasped lightly, his brows slightly furrowed as he sensed the anomaly in the river.


 The slight changes in his expression were seen clearly by the Four Xunzi.


 “Fang Yuan discovered something.”


 “He is controlling that rank eight Immortal Gu House to move towards us.”


 “Relax, we are very far away from him... ah, so fast!”


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed greatly shocked the Four Xunzi.


 They were still calm and leisurely at the previous moment, but right now, their expression changed, their minds and bodies shook.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was piercing through the waves like a swordfish, charging extremely quickly towards Present and Past Pavilion.


 “Increase the intensity!” The eldest among the Four Xunzi, Shang Xunzi, shouted.


 Present and Past Pavilion let out dazzling light, tall waves that were dozens of feet high submerged Myriad Year Flying Warship like a tsunami.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was covered in a silver white light, every time the waves collided with it, its speed increased even more, charging forward like an unmatched sword.


 The Four Xunzi’s expressions turned pale, their eyes showing horror.


 Fang Yuan’s charge was too quick and too fierce, they felt extremely uneasy now.


 Zhong Xunzi shouted: “Quick, use that move.”


 The radiance around Present and Past Pavilion turned brighter, it was like a vast light pillar that shot towards the sky.


 Under Present and Past Pavilion’s influence, the water around Myriad Year Flying Warship experienced a strange change, turning into a giant whirlpool in the blink of an eye.


 The whirlpool spun quickly and was barely able to immobilize Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 The Four Xunzi finally let out a sigh of relief.


 “We finally immobilized it.”


 “This Immortal Gu House is so fast, it crossed such a large distance in just a few breaths of time.”


 “But it is already trapped by us now.”


 “Let’s probe what abilities it has.”


 The whirlpool rotated even faster, waves changed, turning into the shape of sawteeth.


 Countless sawteeth moved around Myriad Year Flying Warship, biting and sawing at Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was trapped in the center of the whirlpool but Fang Yuan’s expression was cold and uncaring.


 Xun Guo Zi revealed a frightened expression: “Such a sturdy Immortal Gu House, the sawtooth whirlpool is actually unable to break its defensive light!”


 Xia Xunzi patted Xun Guo Zi’s shoulder and comforted: “Relax, it has not even been ten breaths of time, it will definitely crumble apart once it is bitten and sawed for a longer time!”


 Although he said this, the Four Xunzi were inwardly astonished.


 They were deeply aware of the power that this sawtooth whirlpool killer move had, this move was the strongest offensive method of Present and Past Pavilion, ordinary Gu Immortals would be cut into pieces in a blink of an eye, even the Four Xunzi could not last three breaths of time. Even Present and Past Pavilion would be unstable if it entered the whirlpool and a large amount of its Gu worms would immediately die. But Myriad Year Flying Warship was completely intact and even looked like it was doing quite well?


 The Four Xunzi felt a chill rising up their backs.


 “It is a rank eight Immortal Gu House after all!”


 “Where has Eternal Yacht reached now?”


 “No, the situation is bad!” Xun Guo Zi suddenly shouted.


 The other three Xunzi quickly looked ahead, they saw the water surrounding Myriad Year Flying Warship change rapidly, the original sawtooth whirlpool transformed into rapids that shone in a silver-white color.


 The rapids moved under Myriad Year Flying Warship and enlarged by over ten times within a few seconds.


 “Present and Past Pavilion has methods to control the river water, how could our Myriad Year Flying Warship not have them!” The variant human Gu Immortals laughed loudly inside the ship.


 “Kill.” Fang Yuan gave an indifferent command.


 Boom!


 Like a torrential waterfall or a flash flood, the rapids around Myriad Year Flying Warship surged and expanded as it moved forward.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was pushed forward by the rapids, easily breaking past the ruined sawtooth whirlpool and charging towards the Four Xunzi with surging momentum.


 The Four Xunzi took in breaths of cold air, the sawtooth whirlpool that they had put their hopes in had only held back Myriad Year Flying Warship for less than fifty breaths of time.



***
Chapter 1806 - Zi Wei At A Loss


***





 Chapter 1806 Zi Wei At A Loss


 “It is coming!”


 “Block it!!”


 “Increase the power of Present and Past Pavilion to the maximum!”


 With chaotic thoughts, Four Xunzi exerted Present and Past Pavilion to its limits, the screen in the pavilion emitted dense smoke and the light pillar that shot out was almost solid.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship neared Present and Past Pavilion.


 “Ram into it.” Fang Yuan sneered, standing arrogantly on the bow of the boat.


 But at the next moment, Present and Past Pavilion retaliated with all its strength, sharply slowing down Myriad Year Flying Warship’s charging momentum.


 “Killer move — Slowdown?” Fang Yuan was familiar with this move, under his command, the silver light around Myriad Year Flying Warship suddenly concentrated.


 Swoosh!


 With a light sound, Present and Past Pavilion’s killer move was broken, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed was restored and it collided with Present and Past Pavilion.


 Present and Past Pavilion was not specialized in defense, Fang Yuan had destroyed it by himself back then, and now, it collided with the sturdier and faster Myriad Year Flying Warship, it shattered immediately.


 The pavilion roof was sent flying, the pillars crumbled, the screens were shattered, the pavilion base was reduced to fragments.


 The Four Xunzi coughed out a large amount of blood and fell down into the River of Time.


 Without the protection of Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi lost the ability to retaliate against Fang Yuan. In just a short while, they were all killed by Fang Yuan.


 They were at rank seven, and like Liu Hao, had not joined Heavenly Court, so they still had their own immortal apertures.


 Their Immortal Gu, however, were all detonated.


 Fang Yuan had just collected their corpses as well as the scattered Immortal Gu when Eternal Yacht arrived.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye was standing on Eternal Yacht, his expression immediately changed when he saw the Four Xunzi’s corpses on the deck of Myriad Year Flying Warship: “Fang Yuan, you demon, I will make you pay with your life!”


 Fang Yuan turned around and smiled: “Here comes another one seeking death.”


 There was no exchange of words, the rapids under Myriad Year Flying Warship surged and rushed towards Eternal Yacht.


 Its violent and sharp movement immediately caused a disturbance among the Gu Immortals in Eternal Yacht.


 Bursting veins bulged on Qing Ye’s forehead, he rubbed it but still sent out a wise command: “We will avoid it, don’t fight head-on with this rank eight Immortal Gu House.”


 The Four Xunzi were dead but the battle details had already been sent, Fairy Zi Wei and Qing Ye knew much information about Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 However, would be it easy for Eternal Yacht to escape?


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed rose, breaking the limits it showed before.


 Although this Immortal Gu House was called a warship, it had the shape of a boat, it moved like a silver comet now, rapidly surfing along the River of Time!


 Eternal Yacht had the form of a multi-storied ship, it was much larger than Myriad Year Flying Warship, but it was not fast. How could it be able to dodge?


 Boom!


 With a huge sound, Eternal Yacht shook as a large hole was smashed in its front hull from which the inside could be seen clearly.


 Fang Yuan’s Myriad Year Flying Warship had directly pierced through Eternal Yacht!


 “How is this possible?”


 “We had already activated the strongest defensive method of Eternal Yacht, but it could not block even one attack!”


 The fact was so horrifying that Qing Ye was staring with wide eyes.


 “Lord, that damned Fang Yuan is charging over again.” The Gu Immortals inside Eternal Yacht shouted in fright.


 They had just spoken when Myriad Year Flying Warship smashed into Eternal Yacht again.


 Eternal Yacht shook intensely, Qing Ye lost his balance and staggered. His battle intent was shaking, how could he beat this?


 Eternal Yacht’s Gu worms suffered enormous damage, the entire place would directly collapse after another few collisions.


 Many Gu Immortals were pale with cold sweat all over their faces. Fortunately, they heard Qing Ye’s command at this time: “Retreat!”


 Eternal Yacht turned around and retreated decisively.


 “Can you escape?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


 Boom boom boom!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship collided into Eternal Yacht time after time, Eternal Yacht used its killer moves to retaliate but Fang Yuan had already prepared restraining methods.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 As long as Heavenly Court did not have any huge change, Fang Yuan would definitely be the final winner!


 The outcome of this battle had been decided from the start.


 Therefore, when Eternal Yacht was destroyed and Qing Ye fell into the River of Time, Fang Yuan’s side was not surprised.


 “Kill him!” Without needing Fang Yuan’s command, many Gu Immortals inside the warship shouted simultaneously.


 Killing intent surged, Myriad Year Flying Warship submerged into the river and rammed at Qing Ye like a vicious shark.


 Qing Ye put all his strength in activating defensive methods.


 But as a dark path Gu Immortal, he was greatly suppressed in the River of Time.


 Boom!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship directly destroyed the dark shield and sent him flying.


 Qing Ye coughed out a large amount of blood and tried to move to the surface while enduring the intense pain.


 The river surface was right in his sight when he made a horrifying discovery, Myriad Year Flying Warship was already waiting for him.


 Boom!


 There was another huge sound, Myriad Year Flying Warship directly slammed down on Qing Ye’s head with its base.


 A large part of Qing Ye’s skull caved in, the enormous force transmitted through his whole body, shattering his spine, rib bones and other parts.


 Gurgle gurgle!


 A large amount of water of the River of Time entered through his mouth.


 The huge collision slammed him down to the depths of the river like a ball.


 “Still not dead?” Bing Yuan was stunned at Qing Ye’s stubborn vitality.


 “Then, we just have to do it again!” The eyes of the rockman tribe first supreme elder were bloodshot with killing intent.


 Taking advantage of the enemy when he was weakened, Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a killer launching a deadly pursuit.


 Boom!


 With the third collision, Qing Ye was heavily injured once again.


 From his right shoulder to his chest, most of his body was smashed into pulp and his organs were completely destroyed.


 Qing Ye stared rigidly at Myriad Year Flying Warship, he wanted to struggle but had no strength left.


 Finally, he lost his life, becoming a floating corpse.


 “He is dead, he really died!”


 “This is a rank eight Gu Immortal.”


 “We really killed him?!”


 The variant human Gu Immortals cheered in joy, even Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the rest were visibly moved, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were also very excited.


 A battle merit like killing a rank eight Gu Immortal was simply too rare. Despite using many external influences, this battle merit was enough for them to boast about it their whole lives.


 Fang Yuan collected Qing Ye’s corpse, it was a pity his soul had already dispersed.


 “This Qing Ye is quite a fierce person, he actually destroyed his own soul at the end!”


 “But this physical body is also an excellent immortal material and it will help me research phantom path.”


 Heavenly Court grasped the supreme profundities of phantom path.


 Precisely so, after the Heavenly Court members contributed their immortal aperture, they could obtain a phantom aperture and leave Heavenly Court to fight outside.


 Once a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal died, the phantom aperture would automatically dissipate along with the Gu worms, even the dao marks would disappear.


 In short, even if one won against a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, they would reap few benefits.


 But after annexing Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit had informed Fang Yuan that the corpses of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would retain the supreme profundity of phantom path. If Fang Yuan could comprehend some phantom path mysteries from these corpses, he might be able to decipher Heavenly Court’s phantom path method and even have a hold on Heavenly Court.


 Even if he could not do anything to Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan could use this phantom path method on himself.


 With the phantom aperture method, Fang Yuan could control Ying Wu Xie and the rest even more strictly, this was the best weapon to ensure loyalty.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship continued to sweep through the battlefield.


 Fang Yuan’s side was joyous, their long training was finally paying off. In this battle, they destroyed two Immortal Gu Houses and over ten Gu Immortals.


 Present and Past Pavilion had the Four Xunzi while there were even more Gu Immortals in Eternal Yacht.


 Immortal Gu Houses were developed from immortal formations, they needed to be jointly controlled by many Gu Immortals for them to be flexible and comprehensive. Some Immortal Gu Houses had extremely strict requirements on the amount of Gu Immortals, there could not be one more or one less.


 Very few Immortal Gu Houses could be controlled by just one person.


 None of these Gu Immortals managed to escape with their lives, they were all gathered, corpses put to one side and their souls suppressed.


 The battle ended but Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to leave, instead, he patrolled around the river while waiting to see if there would be reinforcements from Heavenly Court.


 Lady White Rabbit, Bing Yuan, Shi Zong, and other Gu Immortals discussed. They were still excited and their topic of discussion was mostly centered on the rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye.


 Speaking of which, Qing Ye was quite unlucky.


 Eternal Yacht was destroyed and he was highly restricted in the River of Time, it was quite amazing for him to be able to display twenty to thirty percent of his skills.


 This was the area with the greatest amount of time path dao marks in the whole world.


 Because of this, time path methods were extremely easy to use here and their might was also amplified. But other methods like great thief ghost hand, reverse flow protection seal and so on were greatly suppressed.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was pale and her gaze was somewhat dazed.


 She obtained the latest battle information.


 “Fang Yuan controlled the rank eight Immortal Gu House and destroyed both Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, even Qing Ye was killed?”


 Fairy Zi Wei felt a deep sense of disbelief.


 She was still planning on giving commands, even if they could not kill Fang Yuan, they could drive him off.


 But the two greatest sources of battle strength that she relied on were eliminated so soon.


 “This battle was decided way too quickly!”


 “This does not make any sense.”


 Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht might only be at rank seven, but they were both outstanding among their peers, their structure was highly ingenious and they possessed plenty of comprehensive methods.


 If not for this, Fairy Zi Wei would not have mobilized the two Immortal Gu Houses to besiege Fang Yuan.


 So what was the problem?


 “Reviewing the battle information, Fang Yuan’s mysterious Immortal Gu House might be at rank eight but has limited methods. Besides controlling the water of the River of Time to speed up itself, its strongest aspect was physical toughness.”


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s fighting method could be described in one word, collision.


 If two words were used, hard collision.


 If three words, sped up collision.


 This battle tactic was clearly extremely straightforward and simple, but why did it succeed?


 That was because during the fight, the methods of Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, especially the defensive measures, were instantly destroyed by Fang Yuan!


 Fairy Zi Wei stood up from her seat.


 She was unable to keep sitting.


 A thin layer of cold sweat had appeared on her forehead: “Looks like Fang Yuan has truly been reborn! He has an extremely deep understanding of Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, he also prepared the most effective methods against their killer moves. Thus, they appeared fragile and looked like they did not even have strength to retaliate!”


 Just like Fang Yuan expected, Fairy Zi Wei, who already had heavy doubts before, was now certain Fang Yuan had been reborn.


 “What do we do?”


 “Fang Yuan has a rank eight Immortal Gu House now and can move around the River of Time while my side’s three Immortal Gu Houses are still in the construction process.”


 “Should I halt the construction? Since he has been reborn, he is probably familiar with these three Immortal Gu Houses.”


 “If I halt the construction and switch to other Immortal Gu Houses, would it be too late?”


 “Fang Yuan definitely entered the River of Time to search for Red Lotus’ true inheritances. If he succeeds, it will be extremely bad, the consequences will be much worse than the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land!”


 At this instant, the ever so resourceful Fairy Zi Wei was at a loss for what to do.



***
Chapter 1807 - Public Sentiment


***





 Chapter 1807 Public Sentiment


 Fang Yuan and the rest returned to Southern Border following a tributary of the River of Time.


 Despite the immortals being in an excellent condition with high spirits, it was still necessary to rest and reorganize after the battle.


 “The gains this time are quite good.” Fang Yuan inspected the corpses.


 Besides rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye, most of these Central Continent rank seven Gu Immortals were from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, they did not have the qualifications to join Heavenly Court so they had not contributed their immortal apertures.


 Most of the Gu worms were destroyed but these immortal apertures were still there.


 There was also one or two Immortal Gu that were luckily preserved after the two Immortal Gu Houses were destroyed.


 In the following period of time, Fang Yuan would need to inspect these immortal apertures and see if there were any issues, if there were no issues, he would annex them.


 Naturally, there was a portion of immortal apertures that Fang Yuan could not annex because of inadequate attainment levels.


 In fact, there was a portion of such people among the Southern Border immortal captives.


 “These battle spoils are only a bonus, the true value of this battle is that I have shrugged off my passive situation, I am now taking the initiative to fight Heavenly Court.”


 Fang Yuan had grasped the timing of this battle well.


 If he had battled earlier, he would not have the Immortal Gu House Myriad Year Flying Warship and would have to expose his rank eight cultivation.


 This was undesirable. Because once his rank eight cultivation was exposed, Heavenly Court would notice Fang Yuan had not underwent the tribulation, and as such, the secret of the sovereign immortal aperture would also be exposed.


 If he delayed this battle, Heavenly Court would not have just these two Immortal Gu Houses. In the previous life, Fang Yuan had encountered four time path Immortal Gu Houses.


 By destroying Eternal Yacht and Present and Past Pavilion, Heavenly Court fell into a very passive state.


 Heavenly Court was afraid Fang Yuan would obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritances, so they would definitely send reinforcements to the River of Time to stop Fang Yuan.


 After Lord Huang Shi passed, Heavenly Court lacked time path rank eight experts, so they were forced to substitute with Qing Ye and time path Immortal Gu Houses.


 Like this, it would give Fang Yuan another chance to attack.


 It would be just like how Fang Yuan destroyed Eternal Yacht and Present and Past Pavilion.


 But even if Heavenly Court knew of this, they would do their best to stop Fang Yuan no matter how big of a price they had to pay.


 “In the previous life, Heavenly Court guarded the River of Time like a fortress. But in this life... hehehe.”


 “The River of Time has already become a place Heavenly Court must salvage, it is also the best battlefield for me to weaken Heavenly Court and make them bleed.”


 Fang Yuan was almost sure of Heavenly Court’s response.


 Just like Heavenly Court had the strategical advantage of possessing fate Gu which forced the four regions’ Gu Immortals to make a long campaign to attack Central Continent and Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan relied on the smokescreen that was Red Lotus’ true inheritance to force Heavenly Court to send reinforcements to the River of Time.


 “It is just that my rebirth secret cannot be hidden any longer.”


 In the battle of Lang Ya, Fairy Zi Wei had already been suspicious. And in this period of time, Fang Yuan captured the Southern Border immortals and also started a slaughter in the River of Time.


 If Fairy Zi Wei was still not sure that Fang Yuan had been reborn, she would not be Fairy Zi Wei!


 Fang Yuan would never underestimate Fairy Zi Wei, he was very familiar with her.


 Often, the one who understood you the most was not your friend but your enemy.


 Sure enough, after a few days, Fairy Zi Wei publicized in treasure yellow heaven that Fang Yuan had reborn and possessed a rank eight time path Immortal Gu House.


 The moment this was released, news spread everywhere. Fang Yuan’s influence went up a level and the whole world was in an uproar!


 “How long has it been? Fang Yuan has already grown to be a demonic path overlord, a person who is a giant pillar of the demonic path!”


 “Fang Yuan already has that Reverse Flow River killer move and can reflect attacks of rank eight Gu Immortals, being in an impregnable position. Now, he has a rank eight Immortal Gu House?”


 “Isn’t this too fast? It is like this Immortal Gu House jumped out from the ground out of nowhere.”


 “Since he was reborn, the appearance of this Immortal Gu House cannot be considered sudden. Don’t forget that he annexed Lang Ya blessed land which has a deep foundation.”


 The discussions naturally involved Heavenly Court.


 “Heavenly Court seems to be quite weak, they don’t have any effective methods against Fang Yuan.”


 “The mighty Heavenly Court was defeated again and again so they publicized Fang Yuan’s details?”


 “It is not that Heavenly Court is weak, but they have no way to deal with Fang Yuan.”


 “Normally speaking, even a rank eight demonic immortal would not be as high profile as Fang Yuan.”


 “That’s right. Demonic path Gu Immortals have always been alone, if they offend or provoke the righteous path, many forces would collaborate, gather information using information path, deduce their position with wisdom path, and hunt them down. It is like how the Southern Border immortals chased after Fang Yuan.”


 “But Fang Yuan? He can actually guard against Heavenly Court’s deductions. He also has Fixed Immortal Travel to move everywhere he wants and is hard to catch. His formation path attainment is also extremely high, he can see through the ambush of formations, he even used a time path formation to ambush and capture the pursuing team of Southern Border!”


 “He also annexed Lang Ya blessed land, his refinement path attainment level is at least at great grandmaster level!”


 The discussions became much more in-depth, and the Gu Immortals astonishingly discovered Fang Yuan was so versatile. He cultivated so many paths, such a horrifying talent shocked the world.


 “I understand now, he is a monster!” Many people took sharp breaths. Most Gu Immortals, even rank eights, cultivated one path primarily. Who could cultivate so many paths like Fang Yuan?


 Cultivating multiple paths would divide their time, energy, and resources, the Gu Immortals would often accomplish nothing in the end.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had also thought of specializing in one path but he could do nothing about it! Before this, he battled alone and was always pressured by his enemies. Could he do without cultivating wisdom path? Could his battle strength increase if he did not cultivate soul path? Could he capture the Southern Border immortals without formation path?


 “We can’t say that. Even if Fang Yuan’s aptitude was worse, as long as he continuously rebirths with Spring Autumn Cicada, he can use the time to accumulate different foundations.”


 “Right, with Spring Autumn Cicada, even if he fails, he has the opportunity to rebirth countless times! The experience of failures will still accumulate, even an idiot will succeed after failing so many times.”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada... it is indeed worthy of being Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Gu, it has such an amazing power.”


 “On the List of Mystical Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada’s ranking should be raised even higher. The current ranking of such a mystical Gu is too low.”


 “Because of Fang Yuan, Spring Autumn Cicada’s ranking should indeed be raised, but I feel we should not overestimate Spring Autumn Cicada. It is after all only a Gu worm, there are many methods to restrict it. To a great extent, the reason why Fang Yuan is so amazing is because he is an otherworldly demon!”


 “Indeed. The combination of an otherworldly demon and Spring Autumn Cicada is truly too perfect! Besides an otherworldly demon, it will be very difficult for others to change their lives greatly by using Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 Fang Yuan observed the discussions and after careful consideration, he decisively spread the video of the battle in the River of Time in treasure yellow heaven.


 He even posted a speech: “Heavenly Court, my counterattack has just begun! Wait until I get Red Lotus’ true inheritance in the River of Time, I will completely destroy your fate Gu. In the previous life, you successfully restored fate Gu, that was because the depths of your foundation surpassed my expectation. There were too few people understanding the situation in the other four regions, many rank eight experts were even secretly restrained by you. There were also many Gu Immortals who were living naively, not knowing the fatal threat of fate Gu. All of you... just you wait!”


 The moment this speech was posted, the Gu Immortal world of the five regions fell into temporary silence.


 Shortly afterwards, the public sentiment erupted like a volcano and poured like a flood!


 “Oh heavens, Fang Yuan is directly provoking Heavenly Court, how many years has it been since something like this happened?”


 “Years? Even throughout history, such cases only appeared a few times!”


 “Few people can do this, and even fewer people can pose a threat to Heavenly Court!”


 “Although Fang Yuan only has rank seven cultivation, he can already match rank eight. He has annexed Lang Ya blessed land and has a large number of variant human Gu Immortal subordinates as well as a rank eight Immortal Gu House! The even more terrifying thing is he seems to possess precise information about Red Lotus’ true inheritance, if he really obtains the Demon Venerable’s true inheritance... Terrifying!”


 “If this continues, Fang Yuan will become a new Demon Venerable!”


 “Sigh, the common people are innocent, is there going to be a Demon Venerable wrecking havoc again?”


 “We cannot lightly make an enemy out of Fang Yuan. Look at this video properly, all the killer moves of Heavenly Court’s two Immortal Gu Houses were broken by Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan had clearly experienced them in the previous life and found the countermeasures in this life. The combination of Spring Autumn Cicada and an otherworldly demon is too unreasonable!”


 The discussions gradually started to contain fear.


 Fear towards Fang Yuan.


 Previously, Gu Immortal mostly felt wariness, hatred, and envy towards Fang Yuan.


 But now, fear began to gradually take over the other emotions.


 The Gu Immortals already knew Fang Yuan could not be provoked easily, but now, Fang Yuan could not be provoked even more! Even a colossal super force like Heavenly Court, the strongest righteous path force in the five regions, was repeatedly wrecked by Fang Yuan and their prestige was ruthlessly stepped on! Even now, they had no way to deal with Fang Yuan!


 Southern Border, Wu clan.


 Wu Yong’s gaze was gloomy: “Fang Yuan... Heavenly Court...”


 Chi clan.


 Chi Qu You’s expression was ashen, he finally realized the possibility: “The traitor has not been found, maybe... this is the information revealed in the previous life. If I did transactions with Fang Yuan in the previous life as well, doesn’t that mean — I am the traitor?”


 Thinking of this, Chi Qu You felt stunned himself.


 Western Desert, Tang clan.


 The first supreme elder and second supreme elder were in a secret discussion.


 “This demon Fang Yuan is becoming increasingly stronger. If his relationship with our clan is exposed, Heavenly Court will definitely eliminate us.”


 “We have already collaborated with Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan is so strong now that we cannot stop this connection, we will have to be even more careful. If he truly becomes a Demon Venerable in the future, it will also be an excellent opportunity for our Tang clan to grow.”


 Xi clan.


 Xi clan’s first supreme elder, who was cultivating in a secret room, laughed: “Interesting. Heavenly Court wants the whole world to go against Fang Yuan. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan also expressed the weakness of Heavenly Court and its hidden threat, hoping that Gu Immortals of the four regions would jointly attack Heavenly Court.”


 “Forget about him for now, I will continue my closed cultivation. After my cultivation progresses further, let’s see how the heroes of the world will act in front of my sword.”



***
Chapter 1808 - Plotting, Pursuing Dao


***





 Chapter 1808 Plotting, Pursuing Dao 

 Heavenly Court, immortal graveyard.


 An inexplicable change was occurring.


 A lump of fire appeared, it was very small at first but after a while, the fire expanded rapidly, dying the sky of the immortal graveyard red.


 This fire illuminated the surroundings, attracting Fairy Zi Wei and other Heavenly Court members’ attention.


 Fairy Zi Wei immediately rushed to the entrance of the immortal graveyard and saw that the fire had grown even brighter, there were even specks of silver light in the fire, like countless diamonds adorning a red curtain.


 The fire dissipated and an aged Gu Immortal wearing a large crimson robe walked out from the depths of the immortal graveyard.


 The diamond-like lights gathered together and inside the gentle light was an old man who slowly moved forward in a wooden wheelchair.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shone happily, she recognized these two elderly Gu Immortals.


 That crimson robed elderly man was Li Huang, a fire path great expert. And the elderly man on the wooden wheelchair was Gu Liu Ru, a time path great expert.


 “Junior Zi Wei pays respects to both seniors.” Fairy Zi Wei bowed as she greeted.


 Gu Liu Ru nodded without speaking. He was sickly pale and thin as a skeleton. He had a rough life experience and the lower half of his body was paralyzed with no cure available, thus he had a cold and detached disposition.


 Li Huang spoke: “We did not wake up for no reason. Heavenly Court must need our strength, how is the situation now?”


 Fairy Zi Wei felt ashamed as she informed the two of them about the current situation.


 “Fang Yuan? I did not think such a demon would appear in the world!”


 “Hmph, throughout the ages, there has always been chaos and disorder during the coming of a great era. But this demon is too savage in his rampage. The fundamental cause is that he is the seed planted by Red Lotus Demon Venerable.”


 Li Huang snorted coldly, his expression was of anger and dissatisfaction.


 Gu Liu Ru’s expression was cold like ice as he said: “Fortunately, the overall situation is still in our control. When fate Gu is restored in a few years, Heavenly Court will be in an invincible position, by then, even if Fang Yuan is stronger, he won’t be able to make a huge impact.”


 He then said to Fairy Zi Wei: “You are a wisdom path Gu Immortal, it is right for you to lead Heavenly Court. If you have any tasks for us old timers, there is no need to hold back.”


 Joy appeared on Fairy Zi Wei’s face: “Seniors, you have just woken up, you should first rest and recover your battle strength by equipping yourselves with Immortal Gu.”


 “We have lost control over the River of Time and are currently constructing time path Immortal Gu Houses without regard for the costs. We also need to lay down the river suppression lotus sealing formation in the River of Time. Seniors, it would be great if you could guard the River of Time.”


 Gu Liu Ru and Li Huang glanced at each other, before the former nodded while the latter laughed: “So be it. Let us deal with this Little Demon Venerable!”


 Based on just battle strength, Li Huang was stronger than Gu Liu Ru, but Fairy Zi Wei was more excited about Gu Liu Ru’s appearance.


 This time path great expert had woken up at just the right time, filling up the gap of Heavenly Court in the time path aspect and relieving Fairy Zi Wei’s urgent issue!


 “But Fang Yuan has been reborn, does he know about the awakening of these seniors?”


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned again when she thought of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could rebirth, it was extremely troublesome to deal with such an enemy, it would always make others doubt their decisions.


 Fairy Zi Wei did not know that in the previous life, only Li Huang had woken up. Gu Liu Ru had woken up in the final period when Longevity Heaven attacked Heavenly Court. At that time, Gu Liu Ru fought Hei Fan to a deadlock, he was finally killed by Liu Liu Liu’s sneak attack.


 Fang Yuan had made an early attack, destroying Eternal Yacht and Present and Past Pavilion, also killing Qing Ye, the ink effect caused Gu Liu Ru to awaken in advance.


 This rank eight great expert would definitely be a huge obstruction to Fang Yuan in an environment like the River of Time.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense covered this marsh.


 There was highly fertile silt here. There was also a clear knee-deep river above the layer of silt.


 This was the resource point Fang Yuan had just constructed.


 The marsh was vast and boundless.


 A bud of the desolate plant extreme marsh flower, as big as a house, could be seen every few kilometers.


 When the extreme marsh flower bloomed, it looked like a trumpet with its petals connected. They were primarily white with a few parts bearing slight hints of pink.


 Strands of white mist started rising slowly from the pistils of the extreme marsh flowers.


 Extreme marsh flower mist was the food of regret Gu.


 Feeding regret Gu was slightly troublesome as its food was hard to store. The extreme marsh flower mist needed to be fresh, so the best method was to construct a corresponding resource point in the immortal aperture.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan had constructed this marsh but that was after obtaining regret Gu.


 In this life, he was extremely wealthy so he constructed it in advance. Although he had not obtained regret Gu yet, it was a preparation for the future; when he obtained regret Gu, there would be no need to worry about its food.


 Fang Yuan solved the food issue of even regret Gu, which he had yet to obtain in advance. He was already able to self-sufficiently provide food for all his Immortal Gu.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had even created a resource point for the rank eight Immortal Gu Addition that he plundered from Ba Shi Ba. He marked a special sea area in Mini Eastern Sea, in which he introduced another whole new group of water spiders to produce sufficient food for the rank eight Immortal Gu Addition.


 Naturally, these water spiders were extorted from Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Fang Yuan had already annexed most of the immortal apertures of the Southern Border captives and had even searched their souls until there was nothing left, but Southern Border’s righteous path did not know this and accepted Fang Yuan’s extortion obediently.


 It was like how Heavenly Court did not know the true inheritance left by Red Lotus Demon Venerable to Fang Yuan did not have the direct method to destroy fate Gu, but they still feared for the worst and used all their strength to redeem the situation in the River of Time.


 There was a famous phrase on Earth about the art of war: the highest form of generalship is to cut down the enemy’s plans, the next best is to cut them off from allies, the next in order is to cut down the enemy’s army in the field, and the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities.


 These were wise words!


 When people were young, they only cared about fighting. But after growing up, they would gradually realize: fighting was only a third rate method to reach one’s target and get benefits.


 There was high risk in an intense battle and the benefits are also not fixed, often, there would be damage to both sides. This method could only be used when there was no other choice.


 Fang Yuan leaned towards planning and plotting when he did things. He was not a brute, but when there was a necessity to fight, he would pick up his blade with no fear or cowardice.


 Naturally, there was a fundamental difference between the Gu Master world and Earth — through cultivation, an individual’s strength could surpass the collective force of a group or organization!


 Therefore, a person like Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could exist.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable only used one method — Kill!


 Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!


 Slaughter everything, destroy heaven, decimate earth.


 Heads roll and blood flow.


 He did not counter the enemy’s plans nor did he cut them off from allies, but he still obtained supreme success.


 Why?


 Because he cultivated his own Dao!


 This was his understanding of heaven and earth, it was his understanding towards himself.


 Every person he killed would further increase his perseverance towards improving himself and deepen his understanding of heaven and earth, both of these fueled the growth of his soul path attainment level.


 And the growth in his attainment level greatly increased his strength.


 If this was Earth and someone did this, they would be seeking death.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, he was already more than a hundred years old when he suddenly comprehended this principle.


 From then on, he started to think: What was his Dao? Or rather, what kind of path could he create?


 Even now, he did not have a perfect answer to this question.


 Over four hundred years had passed since then, he had reborn several times and was still trying to find out the answer.


 He only had a vague and blurry direction.


 He moved and rolled about in the darkness.


 And in this darkness, there were too many hardships, dangers and ferocious beasts that wanted to swallow him whole.


 Fang Yuan was clear: Among these ferocious beasts, Heavenly Court was currently the biggest and the strongest one.


 He needed to exert all his strength to have a chance of contending with this ferocious beast, escaping from its hunt, and to continue walking on his path.


 Both Fang Yuan and Fairy Zi Wei had repeatedly exposed information about each other, hoping to borrow the strength of other Gu Immortals to deal with the other. There was no winner in this fight. It was like the fight between a lion and a tiger, the bloody smell attracting countless hyenas.


 He seemed to have an impressive reputation but there were turbulent undercurrents surging in the dark, many people thinking of ways to deal with him and Spring Autumn Cicada.


 No one liked the presence of such a threat!


 Spring Autumn Cicada was not all-powerful, it was only a rank seven Gu and there were too many ways to restrain it.


 Even Lang Ya blessed land had many methods to subdue Spring Autumn Cicada.


 In truth, Fang Yuan was rather surprised at Heavenly Court not having any effective methods against Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The Little Demon Venerable title seemed to show unlimited prospects, but it concealed deep killing intent. This was reminding the world that if Fang Yuan was not killed and he grew up to be a Demon Venerable, the future would be bleak for everyone!


 Fang Yuan might have obtained victory in the River of Time and gotten hold of the initiative. But he was clear that this was only a small strategical victory and it could not put a dent on Heavenly Court’s overall strategy.


 Just like the game of chess, he only made a single good move and although he turned from passive to active which was worth celebrating, Heavenly Court still had the overall control of the game. And this Heavenly Court, that had countless years of accumulation, was the chess piece that was placed by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable over three million years ago.


 “With Heavenly Court’s foundation, the ink effect should appear again and some powerful characters might awaken in the immortal graveyard.”


 “The most important thing is still to use every second and do everything I can to increase my strength.”


 Fang Yuan did not become prideful due to victory, his joy lasted a very short moment before he dived into cultivating once again.


 It was not an exaggeration to say that he was making full use of every second!


 Soul cultivation progressed smoothly. Fang Yuan’s soul stably progressed from one desolate soul to three desolate soul, five desolate soul, eight desolate soul... and finally, broke through to ten desolate soul.


 Five restriction profound light qi was already practised to the point of proficiency. Fang Yuan even modified it, although this modification was rather small, it allowed Fang Yuan to alter the method and suit his habits so that he would have ease when activating it.


 Fang Yuan began to practise other killer moves, like Ba Shi Ba’s consecutive hit method.


 In this period of time, he went out frequently and used jade flow pearl to make early moves, obtaining many resources from newly formed Earth Trenches.


 Among them, rank seven earth vein Immortal Gu was one significant harvest.



***
Chapter 1809 - Seeing Heavenly Cour


***





 Chapter 1809 Seeing Heavenly Cour 

 This earth vein Immortal Gu looked like an earthworm, but when it was held, it was quite heavy and did not give a slippery or cold feeling, instead it was warm and gentle.


 It was exquisite and translucent like brown amber.


 With this rank seven earth path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could construct the five regional limit formation.


 Regarding the five regional limit formation’s modification, Fang Yuan’s time path clone had smoothly completed it. There was the support of the light of wisdom as well as Fang Yuan’s formation path and rule path foundation being deep enough.


 The new five regional limit formation added earth vein Immortal Gu as well as Formation Spirit and Formation Flag.


 With the Formation Spirit, Fang Yuan would have a powerful assistant to help him control the whole formation and notice any signs of disturbance.


 With Formation Flag, Fang Yuan could move the whole formation directly from his immortal aperture to the outside or move back the formation from the outside five regions to his immortal aperture.


 The immemorial year beast fishing formation was activated all the time and the progress was stable.


 The year essence pool already had over twenty immemorial year beasts with as many as seven species.


 Over half the species were gathered, but Fang Yuan was unsure if all the species could be gathered, this depended on luck.


 To strengthen his luck, Fang Yuan commanded hairy man Gu Immortals to begin refining luck path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had an enormous amount of Immortal Gu, already passing one hundred, but he did not have many luck path Immortal Gu.


 Since he had the luck path true inheritance, once luck path Immortal Gu were refined, he could immediately put the inherited methods to use.


 Moreover, Heavenly Court’s foundation in luck path was shallow.


 Thus, the effect of raising his strength in terms of luck path would show obvious yield.


 As for luck path immortal materials, although they were rare and hard to gather, Fang Yuan had the Southern Border righteous path to extort materials from.


 The moment these luck path immortal materials were gathered, Fang Yuan made the hairy man Gu Immortals start the Gu refinement.


 Because they were not advancing the ranks of the Immortal Gu and were only refining rank six luck path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could bear the losses even if the refinement failed.


 He had enough foundation currently and was extremely wealthy, an enormous difference compared to his previous life at the same time period.


 As for the practice of immortal killer moves, five restriction profound light qi could be put aside now. Although he did not practice time cutting edge, Fang Yuan had gained many new insights.


 He had a clearer understanding of the true essence of this move now: This move was like an eraser, it could use time path power to erase the enemy but also consumed the user at the same time.


 The flaw of memory erasing by this move could not be removed. This was determined by the structure of time cutting edge, once this flaw was removed, the whole killer move’s framework would be overturned.


 If that happened, time cutting edge’s extremely powerful offensive characteristic would also disappear completely.


 Fang Yuan had no choice but to accept this flaw.


 The main body made a lot of progress, his clones’ progress was even bigger.


 The pure dream clone’s soul was gradually transforming and matching the body.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone had already advanced to become a rank six dragonman Gu Immortal and possessed a high grade blessed land.


 Fang Yuan began to spare more time towards exploring dream realms.


 Over this period of time, he and Chi Qu You had carried out many transactions, and there were already a lot of dream realms in his immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s soul left the body and entered a qi path dream realm.


 His vision changed, and at the next moment, he was standing on top of a hill. Fog filled his sight and chilling wind blew around him.


 He looked at himself, he was a rank six Gu Immortal and was in a miserable state. His body was filled with injuries with some wounds still bleeding.


 “What is this?” Just as Fang Yuan was pondering, there was a rustle of wind behind him, the fog dissipated and three inkman Gu Immortals appeared.


 “Wei Yu Shu, where do you think you’re going?!”


 “Die!!!”


 Three killer moves slashed towards Fang Yuan.


 This change was too sudden, Fang Yuan had yet to familiarize himself with his Gu worms when he already fell into a life and death situation!


 Boom!


 At the next moment, his body exploded into pieces, dying miserably.


 Fang Yuan exited the dream realm and returned to reality.


 “I did not expect I would encounter such an obstacle immediately after entering the dream realm, and even dying.”


 He inspected the injuries on his soul.


 What was beyond his expectation was that there were only light injuries on his soul, which could be healed with one hundred guts Gu.


 “Looks like after my soul advanced to desolate soul, the soul’s quality changed and can bear stronger backlash from dream realms.”


 Fang Yuan rested for a while before continuing to explore the dream realm.


 It was the same dream, Fang Yuan immediately inspected his Gu worms.


 He only had one Immortal Gu, it had the shape of a cockroach and was grey-white, like the texture of a stone, but was quite light. It gave a cold and slightly rough feeling to the touch.


 Fang Yuan quickly found the details of this Gu in his memories: “This is qi flow Gu.”


 A rank six qi flow Immortal Gu.


 Besides this, there were a large number of rank five qi path mortal Gu.


 There were also three immortal materials; black iron qi, orchid vitality qi, and moving dragon qi.


 Fang Yuan was slightly stunned: “Qi flow Gu only has support characteristics, how can I block the pursuing troops with just these mortal Gu?”


 Just as he was thinking, a loud shout sounded from behind him.


 “Wei Yu Shu, where do you think you’re going?!”


 “Die!!!”


 Bam.


 Fang Yuan was once again cut into pieces.


 Returning to reality, Fang Yuan pondered while treating his injuries: “Based on the current situation, it is obvious that I need to activate immortal killer moves to be able to resist the three pursuing troops.”


 “Qi path immortal killer move huh...”


 Fang Yuan’s qi path attainment level was low, but he had plenty of resources.


 Even without Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance and Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Shadow Sect’s true inheritance contained many inheritances and had records of a lot of qi path killer moves. Lang Ya Sect also had many in its collection.


 Even if he did not have these, just based on the enormous number of qi path Immortal Gu recipes in Lang Ya Sect and his refinement path attainment level, Fang Yuan could refine immortal killer moves.


 On top of this rich theoretical foundation, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom and soon thought of a killer move that could resolve the first obstacle of the dream realm.


 However, he was a stranger to qi path killer moves.


 Therefore, he began to practice them.


 Naturally, he did not have qi flow Immortal Gu, but he could more or less imitate its moves and practice them.


 When he returned to the dream realm, Fang Yuan finally had confidence.


 After trying several times, Fang Yuan activated the killer move successfully.


 His whole body was covered in a pitch-black armor, the pursuing three Gu Immortals could no longer kill him instantly.


 “Wei Yu Shu, you dare to retaliate!”


 “A mere slave has such guts!”


 “You offended your master, you deserve to die! Kill him, mash him into pulp.”


 The three inkman Gu Immortals shouted as they surrounded and attacked Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was able to resist for a while before he was killed by the three.


 Coming out of the dream realm, Fang Yuan summarized his experience: “Looks like I need to prioritize escape instead of fighting them.”


 In the next attempt, he did not use the previous moves but instead changed to a movement immortal killer move.


 He failed once but succeeded in the next attempt.


 This success brought Fang Yuan to the second stage of the dream realm.


 Guh.


 Before he had time to size up his surroundings, he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 “I am heavily injured and the immortal materials have been expended greatly.” Fang Yuan’s mind sank slightly.


 Although he had only qi flow Immortal Gu, he could use this Immortal Gu as the core and use the three immortal materials as supplementary to activate immortal killer moves.


 Black iron qi could transform into a dark full body armor.


 Orchid vitality qi could heal him.


 Moving dragon qi was used for movement.


 In the first stage of the dream realm, Fang Yuan had escaped the pursuit of the three Gu Immortals by using moving dragon qi.


 Currently, Fang Yuan had entered the second stage and immediately discovered that moving dragon qi was expended by over half, iron qi was expended by half, while orchid vitality qi was intact with no expenditure.


 “This situation is not good, let’s heal first.” Fang Yuan silently prepared and activated an immortal killer move — Orchid Breath.


 As immortal essence was transferred to activate the killer move, orchid vitality qi was instantly expended by a small portion.


 Fang Yuan gulped and his cheeks suddenly puffed up, he opened his mouth and breathed out.


 The smell of his breath was fragrant and full of vitality, it was like a dense light-green fog that quickly covered his whole body.


 When the fog disappeared after a while, Fang Yuan’s injuries were mostly recovered.


 “Where should I go now?” Fang Yuan felt troubled.


 Currently, he was in a cave which looked like it might be in a mountain or underground. The cave was long and had many paths that extended in all directions.


 Fang Yuan had just walked a few steps when he saw an inkman Gu Immortal coming from the front.


 This inkman Gu Immortal saw Fang Yuan and was dazed at first before shouting in joy: “Wei Yu Shu! So you were here. Hahaha, this is great, you actually ran into me, this merit is mine. The saying is not wrong, arriving at the right time is better than arriving early!”


 Fang Yuan was also surprised, this inkman Gu Immortal was not one of the three Gu Immortals in the first stage. He was someone new. More importantly, he was not a rank six, but a rank seven variant human Gu Immortal.


 The rank seven inkman Gu Immortal pounced towards Fang Yuan, how could Fang Yuan be his opponent, all his bones were broken as he fell limply on the ground.


 The inkman Gu Immortal sneered while looking down at Fang Yuan: “Wei Yu Shu, weren’t you so wild? You never expected to fall in my hands, right? Hahaha, to tell the truth, even I had not expected this. You lived so extravagantly and were doted on by the princess but you were actually stupid enough to run away, you really brought it upon yourself!!”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s soul returned to reality with injuries.


 “This means even if I am captured and am not killed, it is considered a failure.”


 “Looks like this dream realm is an escape dream realm.”


 “In that situation, there is indeed no way to contend against a rank seven Gu Immortal.”


 “Again!”


 Fang Yuan entered the second stage of the dream realm.


 He tried many times and failed repeatedly. He discovered there were many inkman Gu Immortals chasing after him, five rank six Gu Immortals and three rank sevens.


 They were all inkman Gu Immortals.


 Adding on the information revealed by that rank seven Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan had a rough guess about the time period of the dream realm.


 It was not the Remote Antiquity Era but Olden Antiquity Era.


 Variant humans were still powerful.


 There were many Gu Immortals chasing him and they all had plentiful methods. Fang Yuan failed again and again but he was not discouraged, and soon, he found an opportunity to escape.


 Inside this mountain cave tunnel, there were several qi path immortal materials. One of them, autumn scale concealment qi was the biggest help to him.


 Finally, Fang Yuan used the experience from his failed attempts and collected the immortal materials to activate a killer move, he smoothly passed the second stage.


 At the third stage, Fang Yuan discovered to his surprise that the dream realm progressed automatically and he could not interfere at all.


 He was collapsed on the ground.


 In front of him was a beautiful female inkman immortal.


 Her body was overflowing with rank eight aura and her gaze towards Fang Yuan contained anger, hatred, as well as love and pity.


 “Wei Yu Shu, when I bought you back then, you were only a kid who did not even know about cultivation!”


 “I taught you step by step and raised you into a Gu Immortal. Was it my protection and indulgence that allowed you to have such guts?”


 “Tell me, why did you betray me?”


 “Have I, Princess Ye Tong, mistreated you?! You lived in luxury and peace, you only needed to serve me and I have never treated you cruelly.”


 The rank eight female inkman immortal asked sharply.


 Wei Yu Shu smiled sadly: “But, even if I lived a much better life, I was still only your slave!”


 The female inkman immortal was furious: “What is bad about becoming my slave? Many inkmen want to live your life but don’t get such a chance!”


 Wei Yu Shu was dazed for a moment before he spoke slowly: “I did not think it was bad before, but when I heard there was a Heavenly Court in this world where humans live...”


 “So, you want to run to Heavenly Court?” The female inkman immortal sneered: “You are too naive, you actually believe in the temptation of these devils?!”


 Wei Yu Shu closed his eyes, his voice was hoarse: “It is not that I believe it, but I want to believe it.”


 The female inkman immortal’s gaze turned slightly dazed and her anger slowly dissipated.


 She recalled the beautiful memories of the past, how she had spoiled this foreign race’s slave, but those days would never return.


 She said regretfully: “Yu Shu, I have pardoned your mistakes many times, but I cannot do it this time. If I pardon you anymore, it will damage the dignity of my race. If I had not personally come out, you would have actually escaped. My effort in raising you was not in vain after all. The truth is, this place is very close to the sphere of influence under Heavenly Court.”


 These words seemed to have injected a gust of strength in Wei Yu Shu, he suddenly opened his eyes and stared at the female inkman immortal.


 He begged: “I don’t have any wish before my death, but I only have one thought, please let me climb out of this cave and take one glance at Heavenly Court.”


 The female inkman immortal was silent for a while before sighing: “Alright.”


 She moved to the side, Wei Yu Shu used his bloodied hands to slowly crawl out with all his strength.


 He was breathing roughly, his sweat and blood mixed together. it was a short distance, but he had to spend a good while to move to the cave entrance.


 This cave entrance was located at the middle part of the mountain, it could see far and wide.


 He looked ahead with hope.


 However, he only saw dense mist.


 “It is really unfortunate, but mist is a common occurrence around mountains.” The female inkman immortal walked from behind: “But even if there was no mist, you won’t see Heavenly Court. I said this is only a place near the sphere of influence under Heavenly Court. But it is only a barren land.”


 Wei Yu Shu, however, seemed to have obtained utmost satisfaction.


 He lied on the ground powerlessly with no strength left to raise his head again.


 But his eyes shone brightly: “No, I saw it, I saw Heavenly Court.”


 “You...” The female inkman immortal was visibly moved.


 The moment he finished saying this, Wei Yu Shu’s last breath was used up, he died.


 The female inkman immortal fell into silence, she stared ahead at the direction of Heavenly Court in silence.


 Her expression carried an unprecedented solemness.


 “Heavenly Court!”



***
Chapter 1810 - Extorting Dream Realms


***





 



 Fang Yuan was an audience throughout the whole third stage of the qi path dream realm.


 When this third stage was complete, the whole qi path dream realm also disappeared, Fang Yuan’s exploration was completed.


 “This dream realm was difficult at the beginning and easy at the end, I had to accumulate experience by going through so many failures in the first two stages, even unravel dream was not too useful.”


 “But at the last stage, I directly passed it without having to do anything.”


 This was the most comfortable experience for Fang Yuan, being an audience. If he could ‘observe’ every dream realm like this, how wonderful would it be.


 “This dream realm’s time period was not the Remote Antiquity Era but Olden Antiquity Era.”


 “Heavenly Court...”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was slightly complicated.


 Even though he was Heavenly Court’s archenemy, he had to admit the greatness of Heavenly Court.


 But shortly afterwards, only a chilly light remained in his eyes: “No matter how great they are, as long as they block my path, I can only use all my strength to destroy them.”


 With the successful exploration of this dream realm, Fang Yuan advanced to qi path grandmaster!


 The progress was quite big since Fang Yuan had no attainment in qi path previously.


 “No wonder that Wei Yu Shu could receive constant special treatment from the Inkman Princess. One of the main reasons must be his talent in qi path.”


 Fang Yuan’s biggest realization from this exploration was not related to the dream realm or Heavenly Court, but his soul.


 Desolate soul!


 After forming a desolate soul, exploring dream realms became much easier.


 If it was a human soul, the injuries from this exploration would definitely be much heavier. Although guts Gu could heal the injuries, it was bound to affect the efficiency of the exploration.


 Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration: “Perhaps when I use Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to explore dream realms, the injuries on the soul will be even lighter than now.”


 Just like how Fang Yuan cultivated inside Luo Po Valley using Luo Po wind. Once Fang Yuan’s soul was inside a physical body, the power of Luo Po wind would fall sharply.


 If Fang Yuan used a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to carry his soul to explore dream realms, his soul should be tightly protected by the physical body.


 A normal body could not block the power of dream realms. But the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body was different.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan did not know the way to enter dreams with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 If he directly sent the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body into a dream realm, it would move freely inside without any disturbance from the dream realm. But at the same time, it was unable to immerse in the dream, let alone explore the dream realm.


 “Next, let’s explore this ice and snow path dream realm.” Fang Yuan moved his gaze.


 Fang Yuan had already stored many dream realms inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The qi path dream realm just now was the biggest and it was gone now. This ice and snow path dream realm took the place as the biggest dream realm.


 Besides this dream realm, there were also dream realms of qi path, sword path, wood path, and so on.


 “I have desolate soul, my efficiency in exploring dream realms is greatly increased. I felt these dream realms were enough before but it looks somewhat insufficient now.”


 “Moreover, the dream realms are of different types. Hehe, this is a petty act by Chi Qu You.”


 Fang Yuan knew clearly.


 Although Chi Qu You continued to transact with Fang Yuan, he could secretly control the formation and because he had obtained many dream path research results, he could distinguish the types of dream realm roughly.


 So, when he transacted with Fang Yuan, he was controlling the goods, giving Fang Yuan scattered dream realms of different paths.


 There was not even one human path dream realm that Fang Yuan truly wanted. There were also not many dream realms of qi path or ice and snow path.


 Yet these dream realms were all useful to Fang Yuan.


 Or even time path dream realms or refinement path dream realms, as long as they were not dream realms which he had already explored before in the previous life.


 After all, Fang Yuan’s highest attainment level was at quasi-supreme grandmaster, there was still space to advance.


 Fang Yuan did not refuse any of these dream realms as these dream realms could increase his attainment levels. Moreover, there was no disadvantage in increasing the attainment levels of all his paths, it was even a good thing as he would not need to worry about this when annexing immortal apertures of related paths in the future.


 While Fang Yuan was exploring dream realms, the hairy man Gu Immortals had succeeded in their Gu refinement.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, we have refined this Immortal Gu.” Sixth Hair handed over an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu resembled a water droplet that flickered with dazzling lights like a blue diamond, it was smooth and cold when touched.


 This was rank six time anchor Immortal Gu.


 Although Fang Yuan prioritized refining luck path Immortal Gu, time anchor Immortal Gu was also on the list of Gu to be refined.


 The number of Immortal Gu Fang Yuan possessed surpassed one hundred, but he had enough resources and wealth to raise them, so the more Immortal Gu he had, the better.


 He had come in touch with time anchor Immortal Gu long ago, it was once the Immortal Gu of Eastern Sea immortal zombie Su Bai Man, it could anchor onto a certain period in time.


 Su Bai Man died and time anchor Immortal Gu was acquired by Shadow Sect, but was destroyed in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Now, Fang Yuan had ordered hairy man Gu Immortals to refine it.


 Time anchor Immortal Gu could coordinate with Spring Autumn Cicada to form a killer move that could let Fang Yuan rebirth to a specific period of time.


 This killer move was very valuable.


 For instance, Fang Yuan could mark this current time and continue to explore dream realms without regard for anything else. At a certain stage, he could use this killer move to return to this time again and continue exploring other dream realms.


 His attainment levels in the paths would remain!


 Fang Yuan could use this move to continuously increase his attainment levels.


 “Unfortunately, I cannot use spring autumn success if I use this killer move. Without a hundred percent success rate, there will be a chance of failure and if I bump into it, it will be akin to suicide, I will end up as the biggest joke.”


 Fang Yuan’s time path attainment level might be at quasi-supreme grandmaster and he had the light of wisdom, but the problem here did not originate from himself.


 “If I am not wrong, since fate Gu is injured and not destroyed, it can restrict the effectiveness of the killer move made by merging time anchor Immortal Gu into spring autumn success.”


 Using Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth was using a loophole of this world. This would disrupt events and change the past, influencing the balance of the world, heaven’s will would not allow such a thing to happen.


 For the current Fang Yuan, just using Time Anchor with Spring Autumn Cicada was just enough to use this loophole. Spring autumn success could also make use of this loophole.


 But the hole was too small for him to use the both together.


 “Looks like only when fate Gu is completely destroyed can Time Anchor effectively merge with spring autumn success.”


 The killer moves in Red Lotus’ true inheritance were similar. Even if the killer moves could link to form an even greater might, it did not show a good result when put into practice.


 The dragonman clone had already passed one heavenly tribulation and a dozen earthly calamities, his cultivation was rising sharply.


 To quicken dragonman clone’s cultivation, Fang Yuan used time path killer move to hasten the rate of time of the dragonman clone’s immortal aperture to the limit.


 Before each calamity and tribulation, Fang Yuan would deduce the details, thus being well prepared for it.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s powerful strength, these calamities and tribulations possessed no threat and were like fireworks ceremonies that increased the dao marks of Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone.


 Fang Yuan had time path methods, and more importantly, he had exposing heavenly secret which made the calamities and tribulations sent by heaven’s will ineffective. With the help of his robust strength, these calamities and tribulations were impotent.


 At present, Fang Yuan could not only increase a Gu Master’s cultivation level, he could even rapidly increase the cultivation level of a Gu Immortal.


 But this method could not be advocated.


 Because the cost was quite high.


 The time path killer move to accelerate the immortal aperture’s time flow was a rank eight killer move and expended a large amount of rank eight immortal essence.


 Exposing heavenly secret was also not a killer move that could be activated by ordinary wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Adding on the expenses to undergo each tribulation, it only could produce at most a rank seven dragonman clone.


 The investment was not proportional to the yield.


 If not for Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan would be reluctant to develop the dragonman clone like this.


 Southern Border’s Beacon Towers were constructed everywhere. And Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals began to protest, asking for Fang Yuan to first release some captives to show his sincerity.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan released Yi Yang.


 Yi clan was dumbstruck after obtaining Yi Yang.


 Because Fang Yuan had only released Yi Yang’s body, his soul and immortal aperture were absent!


 Just a body was the same as a corpse, what use could it have?!


 Southern Border’s righteous path were furious but were helpless against Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan persuaded them: The body is only the first step. It shows my sincerity, it is your turn to show sincerity now.


 Southern Border’s righteous path felt that the future was bleak: If Fang Yuan were to disassemble the captives and extort them, how much could he extort and how long would this extortion last?


 Thereupon, they began to make a din.


 Fang Yuan’s attitude changed to become tough and indifferent, directly threatening every clan: If you want me to release the captives, I will release them to your enemies. Moreover, I will humiliate your clan’s Gu Immortals through indescribable ways and make sure he or she would never be able to raise their head in the future.


 Fang Yuan had done this in the previous life, he was even more at ease and familiar with this process this time.


 Southern Border’s righteous path shamefully gave in.


 They could do nothing, especially Ba clan and Xia clan, these pitiful clans, had their first supreme elders captured by Fang Yuan.


 The other clans had also lost important battle strengths of theirs, if they did not save the captives, they would lose the support of their people.


 Fang Yuan then demanded Southern Border’s righteous path to use dream realms as the chips to exchange for the captives.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was not willing at first since dream realms represented the future!


 But Fang Yuan guaranteed: I am not asking for a lot and won’t empty this place, I will even leave behind most of them for Southern Border’s righteous path.


 To show even more sincerity, he was willing to release the body of a Gu Immortal captive for every dream realm exchange.


 The Southern Border righteous path forces were helpless and could only accept this proposal.


 Chi Qu You felt a chill inside, he knew this was Fang Yuan’s retaliation and also a warning.


 Thereupon, the extortion of Southern Border’s righteous path entered the next stage.


 Fang Yuan did not go back on his promise, he released a captive’s body every time he obtained a batch of dream realms. These dream realms were much larger than the ones he secretly transacted with Chi Qu You. Moreover, Fang Yuan had carefully chosen their paths as well.


 Fairy Zi Wei was extremely worried and tried many ways to ruin these transactions, but none of them succeeded.


 “It is time for another battle.” Fang Yuan calculated the time and rode Myriad Year Flying Warship into the River of Time.


 He took the initiative to start the second battle in the River of Time, but he did not know that this time, the time path great expert, Gu Liu Ru, was waiting for him.



***
Chapter 1811 - Daybreak Sword


***





 Chapter 1811 Daybreak Sword 

 River of Time.


 Not long after Fang Yuan entered with Myriad Year Flying Warship, Gu Liu Ru intercepted him.


 “You are Fang Yuan? I am Heavenly Court’s Gu Liu Ru, I came to take your life.” Gu Liu Ru was sitting in the wooden wheelchair, his face was sickly pale but his eyes were ice cold.


 The moment he finished speaking, lumps of grey-white light shot towards Fang Yuan like meteors.


 Boom boom boom!


 These grey-white lights were completely blocked by Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 But Myriad Year Flying Warship also shook intensely from the explosions.


 “This person is a time path great expert!”


 “His time path killer move is amplified in the River of Time.”


 “Heavenly Court’s foundation is indeed unfathomable, it hasn’t even been that long but an old timer has already appeared.”


 The immortals inside Myriad Year Flying Warship were stunned.


 “I am afraid you don’t have the ability to take my life.” Fang Yuan sneered.


 He was slightly surprised at first, but he recognized this person a moment later.


 In the previous life’s war, when Longevity Heaven invaded Heavenly Court, Bing Sai Chuan had given all the information of the battle situation in Heavenly Court to Fang Yuan, in order to gain his trust.


 And Gu Liu Ru had awakened and participated in that battle.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan was able to quickly recognize Gu Liu Ru and even knew about all his methods.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan fought Gu Liu Ru with Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 The battle ensued, causing astonishing waves in the surroundings.


 Gu Liu Ru’s moves were exquisite with many concealed moves within them, he was clearly a time path great expert but used a style similar to wisdom path. In fact, his main cultivation path was time path but he also cultivated wisdom path.


 Fang Yuan felt like he was facing a powerful chess player, if he was even a bit careless, he would be dragged into the other’s rhythm and fall into countless traps.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan knew about Gu Liu Ru’s battle style, Myriad Year Flying Warship ran amok and destroyed Gu Liu Ru’s arrangements.


 The long battle showed no results; Gu Liu Ru chose to retreat.


 “Didn’t you come to take my life?” Fang Yuan shouted coldly from the bow of the ship while giving chase.


 Gu Liu Ru sneered: “I am not in a hurry so what are you in a hurry for? Fang Yuan, you are indeed a demon whose name causes a commotion in the world, you have some skills. By the time I return, I will have already deciphered your tiny ship and will then take your life.”


 Although half of his body was paralyzed, the wheelchair he was sitting on was a compact Immortal Gu House.


 The two wheels moved rapidly on the surface of the river, bringing Gu Liu Ru away at an extremely fast speed.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, let us activate torrential charge!” A variant human Gu Immortal suggested.


 The killer move torrential charge could change the flow of the surrounding water of the River of Time and help Myriad Year Flying Warship move with an astonishing speed.


 “There is no hurry.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered with light for a moment before rejecting the suggestion: “Use daybreak sword instead.”


 No one had the guts to go against his order, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s aura surged as a blinding white light shot out.


 From the silver-white light bubbled the water of the River of Time, from which countless strands of silver light emerged.


 The silver rays quickly condensed and took shape, transforming into many sharp sword-like blades that shot out violently.


 “What?” Gu Liu Ru had naturally been paying attention to Fang Yuan’s movements and immediately discovered this.


 Thoughts surged and clashed in his mind as he rapidly deduced: “This is the first time Fang Yuan has revealed this time path killer move. Truly wondrous! It actually uses the water of the River of Time to extract traces of the sharpest power of time path. Although they are shaped like swords, they are essentially time path dao marks. If I am hit by this, I won’t leave unharmed!”


 Gu Liu Ru’s mind jolted slightly, inwardly astonished at the power of this killer move.


 The killer move itself was at rank eight level and Fang Yuan had further elevated it by ingeniously using the River of Time, thus increasing its might far beyond ordinary rank eight killer moves.


 “This demon’s talents are terrifying. Not only can he use Reverse Flow River, he has even begun researching the River of Time.” Gu Liu Ru’s wariness towards Fang Yuan deepened by another level and his killing intent surged: “I can’t let this demon live! I must use all my strength to get rid of him, otherwise, he will be a huge threat in the future!”


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Silver swords shot towards Gu Liu Ru.


 Gu Liu Ru was soon injured, his defensive killer move was unable to block the sharp swords.


 “Kill, kill him!” Some variant human Gu Immortals shouted, their morale surging.


 After they killed Heavenly Court’s rank eight the previous time, their confidence had soared and they even treated Gu Liu Ru as prey.


 With their rank seven cultivation levels, they had hunted down a rank eight great expert of Heavenly Court, this sense of achievement and stimulation shook both their bodies and minds.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he ridiculed Gu Liu Ru: “Didn’t you want to take my life? Now it looks like your own aged life is on the line.”


 Gu Liu Ru snorted coldly but did not reply, only escaping rapidly. His wheelchair was already riddled with marks.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Scared like a stray dog, you have brought shame to Heavenly Court’s reputation.”


 The sharp swords were exquisitely controlled by him, cutting Gu Liu Ru’s robe and flesh.


 Gu Liu Ru was silent.


 Fang Yuan jeered: “Looks like there are only rubbish like you in Heavenly Court, so much for it being the number one force in the world. It seems Heavenly Court is nothing much after all.”


 Gu Liu Ru heard Fang Yuan disgracing Heavenly Court and could not endure anymore: “Shut up! Is Heavenly Court’s greatness something a petty demon like you can understand?”


 Swoosh!


 Before he even finished speaking, a sword brushed past his head, cutting away most of his hair along with skin, bright-red blood spilled out continuously.


 Gu Liu Ru cried out in pain and slammed the wheelchair which burst out with an unprecedented speed.


 “Chase!”


 “He can’t last for long.”


 “That’s right, his Immortal Gu was destroyed by daybreak sword so his wheelchair is starting to break!”


 Many of Fang Yuan’s subordinates shouted, their morale was at an all-time high at this moment.


 Indeed, Gu Liu Ru’s wheelchair was constantly crumbling, leaving behind a large amount of fragmented Gu worm corpses in its path.


 But Fang Yuan restrained his expression and smiled indifferently: “Stop!”


 “Ah?!” The immortals were surprised but they did not dare to disobey him and immediately combined their strength to stop Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Gu Liu Ru who was ‘running for his life’ saw this scene, his whole body shook as a stifled feeling rose up in his chest but he was unable to vent it.


 Fang Yuan smiled and commented leisurely while sizing up the empty space above the river in front: “What a great time path Gu formation, I wonder which Heavenly Court member is specially waiting for me?”


 “You are talking to me, Li Huang!” Li Huang’s voice was transmitted, and at the same time, a large formation revealed itself.


 Most of the Gu Immortal subordinates of Fang Yuan were stupefied at this sight, some variant human Gu Immortals only managed to react after a while: “So this was a trap!”


 “That old man acted so well!!”


 “We almost fell into the trap, if it were not for the wise and mighty Lord Fang Yuan, we might be in a terrible situation.”


 Gu Liu Ru slowly flew over with a dark face.


 To play this trick, he had intentionally given up on an Immortal Gu and even got injured, blood flowed wildly but they were actually self-inflicted injuries. But who could have thought his mutilation plan became a show that Fang Yuan watched with leisure.


 Li Huang said with a deep voice: “Looks like you are familiar with this river suppression lotus sealing formation.”


 Fang Yuan admitted openly: “Indeed, I suffered a lot because of this in the previous life.”


 “So what if you recognize it, your life ends here.” Gu Liu Ru sneered.


 As his voice landed, two Immortal Gu Houses appeared on the left and right of Fang Yuan.


 One Immortal Gu House was elegant and grand, the orange roof resembled cranes with their wings spread out. The Immortal Gu House was radiating three layers of autumn light, it was quite extraordinary. It was Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 Another Immortal Gu House was a huge lever that was white like jade, there were seven huge sharks in front of the lever, they had sharp teeth and were dragging the huge lever ahead. It was Shark Flow Lever.


 Fang Yuan destroyed Present and Past Pavilion, and Eternal Yacht, Heavenly Court was still reconstructing them.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever’s constructions had already begun long ago, they were completed recently and were sent to take part in this battle.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform blocked Fang Yuan’s retreat route, Gu Liu Ru moved in once again and stalled Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Shark Flow Lever drew a beautiful arc in the periphery of the battlefield and picked up Li Huang before joining the battlefield.


 A large battle ensued, causing the river to surge and set off countless violent waves.


 “This rank eight Immortal Gu House has such strong defense!” Li Huang and Gu Liu Ru were stunned.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship displayed extremely powerful defense, causing all the killer moves of Heavenly Court’s side to be ineffective, it showed a stance of standing on the spot and letting the attacks hit it.


 After another while of fighting, Fang Yuan laughed brightly: “Gu Liu Ru, I have seen through your moves!”


 Saying so, Myriad Year Flying Warship slammed at the weak point.


 “Not good.” Gu Liu Ru’s expression changed. At the next moment, his time path killer move that was hindering Myriad Year Flying Warship broke loudly, the backlash caused him to cough out blood.


 “Stop him!” Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform used their killer moves.


 “Charge through.” Fang Yuan instructed lightly.


 Explosions burst out as Myriad Year Flying Warship charged out of the battlefield with an unreasonable momentum.


 “Don’t chase!” Gu Liu Ru quickly stopped Li Huang who wanted to give chase. He said with a dark expression and heavy voice: “This Immortal Gu House is worthy of being at rank eight level, we can’t stop it.”


 “Damn it!” Li Huang clenched his fists, he felt quite stifled, he was a fire path Gu Immortal and could only fight in the River of Time with Shark Flow Lever.


 If Fang Yuan had fallen into the trap, he would have a platform to display his might, but unfortunately, Fang Yuan did not give him this chance.


