 However, what made Li Huang even more depressed had yet to come.


 Fang Yuan saw Heavenly Court did not give chase and immediately brought Myriad Year Flying Warship to a stop, smiling: “Friends, my Myriad Year Flying Warship still has a move called myriad year hunting, please appraise it.”


 Heavenly Court’s side was quickly on guard, they smelled a strange fragrance coming from Myriad Year Flying Warship. Not long later, countless beast roars resounded from every direction and were approaching closer.


 “These are... year beasts, ancient year beasts and even immemorial year beasts!”


 “There are too many year beasts, they seem to have formed a beast tide!”


 Li Huang and Gu Liu Ru felt their heart shaking at this sight.


 It turned out Fang Yuan’s rank eight Immortal Gu House was not just about collision, it still had such a terrifying killer move!



***
Chapter 1812 - Second Battle in the River of Time!


***





 



 Inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, Hei Lou Lan and the rest felt their hearts throbbing.


 The scene was too grand, the year beast army was charging towards them from all directions with a great momentum.


 “Such an amazing killer move!”


 “No wonder this move was never used inside the sovereign immortal aperture.”


 “Too many year beasts are lured in, if it was used inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it would definitely lead to a great catastrophe.”


 Heavenly Court’s side was also shaken.


 “Myriad Year Flying Warship...” Gu Liu Ru mumbled this name with a serious expression.


 Li Huang was also solemn as he spoke: “This is already a beast tide now, its power is actually so great!”


 Even a legendary character like him was highly impressed at such a majestic sight.


 Fang Yuan showed a slight smile.


 He had derived myriad year hunting from immemorial year beast fishing formation and developed it to its limit. With years flow like water Immortal Gu as the core and the amplification from the River of Time, it resulted in an extraordinary power.


 Countless beasts roared in the beast tide.


 Boom boom boom!


 Heavenly Court attacked the year beast tsunami with all kinds of killer moves.


 Waves after waves of year beasts were killed, Heavenly Court’s two time path Immortal Gu Houses were both of rank seven level and could match rank eight battle strength, they had no issue in dealing with most of the year beasts.


 But the problem was, what was the use in simply killing these year beasts? As long as Myriad Year Flying Warship still existed, there would be an endless flow of year beasts.


 This was an enslavement path battle tactic to consume Heavenly Court’s battle strength.


 The explosive killer moves that Heavenly Court’s people used expended a lot of immortal essence.


 “If we fight with these year beasts, we will be falling into Fang Yuan’s scheme. We need to destroy Myriad Year Flying Warship and this will all end!” A rank seven Gu Immortal inside Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform suggested.


 The moment he had finished speaking, a Gu Immortal beside him spoke: “But we already know how sturdy Myriad Year Flying Warship is. How can we adopt the tactic of attacking directly?”


 The rank seven Gu Immortal was speechless: “This...”


 Immediately after, he heard shouting in his surroundings: “Careful! Fang Yuan is coming over again!!”


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed rose, but instead of retreating, it charged directly into Shark Flow Lever.


 “Such audacity!” Li Huang who was inside Shark Flow Lever shouted, Fang Yuan actually dared to come back, he clearly looked down on them.


 Immediately, Heavenly Court’s two Immortal Gu Houses and time path great expert Gu Liu Ru surrounded and attacked Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship took the waves of attacks firmly as countless silver swords shone around it and then shot out like a rainstorm.


 Both sides went at each other, the intensity of the battle reached an extreme level immediately.


 “Not good! Fang Yuan is trying to delay us so that this year beast army can surround us!” Gu Liu Ru saw Fang Yuan’s plan.


 Li Huang smiled coldly: “As long as we wholeheartedly concentrate on breaking through the siege, so what if there are even more of these year beasts?”


 Gu Liu Ru sighed: “Don’t forget we still have the river suppression lotus sealing formation behind us.”


 Li Huang was stumped, he had forgotten about that in this moment of urgency; after being reminded, his mind jolted as he cursed: “This scoundrel Fang Yuan is truly insidious and vicious!”


 Heavenly Court had constructed the river suppression lotus sealing formation painstakingly, it could slowly drift along the surface of the River of Time. There were a large number of Gu Immortals garrisoned inside, controlling their respective formation cores.


 If this large formation was destroyed, Heavenly Court’s losses would not only be a lot of Immortal Gu but also these rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Moreover, they probably would not be able to construct another river suppression lotus sealing formation within a short period of time!


 Heavenly Court’s situation was quite awkward.


 They wanted to use the river suppression lotus sealing formation to ambush Fang Yuan, but it was seen through by Fang Yuan, now, this formation instead became Heavenly Court’s weakness and was used by Fang Yuan.


 The river suppression lotus sealing formation could float but its speed was very slow, there was no chance of it escaping the current battle.


 “Let’s first slowly recall the Gu Immortals inside the formation.” Gu Liu Ru said after a while of thinking.


 Li Huang, however, said at almost the same time: “Kill Fang Yuan, everything will be settled once we kill this source of evil.”


 The two Gu Immortals glanced at each other, at this crucial moment, they had different thoughts.


 Roar!


 Because of Fang Yuan, the frontmost year beasts reached the battlefield.


 At the lead were three immemorial year beasts.


 These immemorial year beasts had a tough physique, they endured Heavenly Court’s bombardment and charged right into the battlefield of Immortal Gu Houses.


 “Seeking death!” Li Huang shouted in fury, he controlled the huge sharks in front of Shark Flow Lever to bite at them.


 At the same time, he also activated Shark Flow Lever’s killer move, within a dozen breaths of time, two immemorial year beasts were beaten to death one after the other.


 “Foolish clowns!” Li Huang’s killing intent was leaking when he heard Gu Liu Ru’s shout —”Help me quickly!”


 Li Huang had gone to deal with the immemorial year beasts, while Gu Liu Ru and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform attacked Myriad Year Flying Warship and brought the battle to a temporary deadlock.


 But soon after, Fang Yuan activated daybreak sword and bombarded the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 This formation was strong inside and weak outside, it was originally meant to deal with the stone lotus island, but after this vicious attack by Fang Yuan, it immediately became unstable with many areas crumbling apart.


 The Gu Immortals inside the formation cores lost their lives immediately.


 With Myriad Year Flying Warship’s extremely tough defense, Gu Liu Ru and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform were unable to do any harm to it. They were forced to block Fang Yuan’s attacks to defend the retreating Gu Immortals inside the large formation.


 As such, Fang Yuan gained the initiative, he could casually attack anywhere he wanted, Gu Liu Ru and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform were in a miserable state, unable to cope with the attacks from all directions.


 Li Huang saw that the situation was bad, he quickly detoured and attacked Myriad Year Flying Warship from the back.


 But Fang Yuan had no fear!


 If it were him alone, he might not be able to pay attention to all sides, but he had many experienced Gu Immortal subordinates inside the vessel to help him. And to get the battle merit of killing another rank eight, their eyes were bloodshot with excitement.


 Fang Yuan stood on the bow of the boat from the beginning, regardless of how dangerous and chaotic it was outside, suddenly, he saw a gap in Gu Liu Ru’s defense and activated a killer move.


 Spring scissors!


 Spring scissors flew out, it was not targeted towards Gu Liu Ru, instead it dodged his obstruction, and ‘snip’, beheaded a female immortal.


 Gu Liu Ru’s heart jumped with fright: “Isn’t this Xia Cha’s trump card method? Fang Yuan has already grasped it and even modified it to suit his rank seven cultivation!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he activated summer fan, which was also at rank seven level.


 Li Huang was unable to pay attention to both sides and could only look on as wind howled and blew even more holes in the river suppression lotus sealing formation, instantly destroying several Immortal Gu.


 “Hahaha, I want to kill them, can you stop me?” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and mockingly.


 Li Huang’s eyes burned with anger as he shouted: “Scoundrel, I will grind your bones to ashes!”


 Boom!


 An immemorial year beast rammed into Myriad Year Flying Warship, slightly tilting the rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Heavenly Court’s side was stumped.


 Almost at an instant, the two rank eight great experts reacted.


 “It turns out Fang Yuan can only lure in the year beast tide and not control them!”


 “It even seems like these year beasts’ target is Myriad Year Flying Warship!!”


 After discovering this secret, Li Huang and Gu Liu Ru had the urge to cough blood.


 They had fought wholeheartedly for so long but it turned out they were actually blocking the enemy for Fang Yuan!


 No wonder Fang Yuan did not watch from the sidelines, instead charging over to pester them.


 Fang Yuan was helpless about this.


 He had already done his best in the current situation.


 Using Years Flow Like Water to attract year beasts and incite a year beast tide, this was the power of time path. If he could control this year beast army, that would be enslavement path’s power.


 Year beasts continued to come in from all around, making the battlefield extremely cramped.


 Previously, Heavenly Court was still bombarding this year beast tide and had slightly slowed them down. But because of Fang Yuan attacking river suppression lotus sealing formation constantly and killing many rank seven Gu Immortals, Heavenly Court’s side had no time to attend to the beast tide.


 “Die, Fang Yuan!”


 “Get lost!!”


 Li Huang shouted, but Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship to cling onto Shark Flow Lever or Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 The year beasts’ target was Myriad Year Flying Warship, but because of this, Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform also met with calamity.


 “Don’t you want to get rid of me? I am right in front of you now, come on, attack me.” Fang Yuan laughed.


 Li Huang’s eyes were bloodshot with anger, even Gu Liu Ru’s breathing hastened as he looked rigidly at Fang Yuan with a deep cold gaze filled with killing intent.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses soon did not even have space to move!


 If someone looked from afar, they could only see year beasts rushing to the battlefield in the center. These year beasts, ancient year beasts, and immemorial year beasts were packed so tightly that they looked like a sphere of ants.


 And the sphere was getting tighter and denser along with getting increasingly larger.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses in the middle of the sphere seemed to have turned into meat grinders, even an immemorial year beast would be ground to death within a dozen seconds.


 Li Huang and Gu Liu Ru attacked furiously.


 The river suppression lotus sealing formation was already destroyed completely. Heavenly Court’s efforts this time had all gone to waste.


 Li Huang and Gu Liu Ru had already tried their best to save any Gu Immortal they could, but most of them still died miserably at Fang Yuan’s hands.


 “Let’s leave now, otherwise there will be no survivors.” Gu Liu Ru called out.


 Without the large formation hindering Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan rampaged in the battlefield with Myriad Year Flying Warship, no one was able to stop him.


 Heavenly Court’s battle tactics had failed completely.


 “Fang Yuan, just wait, you won’t be able to be arrogant for long, you will die by my hands sooner or later!” Li Huang said with clenched teeth.


 This was the first time he fought with Fang Yuan, and he already felt extreme hatred, anger, and disgust because of Fang Yuan’s actions!


 This demon was truly insidious and crafty!


 “Hmph! Li Huang, I think you are the one who is arrogant!” Myriad Year Flying Warship suddenly erupted, the killer move torrential charge activated under it! At its surroundings were daybreak swords! The silver swords pierced into the torrent and exploded with an unimaginable speed!


 “These two moves can be combined?!” Li Huang cried out in shock, caught off guard.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship directly collided into the damaged Shark Flow Lever!


 Bam!


 Amidst the loud sound, Shark Flow Lever was directly destroyed, the remaining huge sharks dying on the spot.


 At the crucial moment, Li Huang activated his proudest killer move, verdant sun flame cloak.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship destroyed Shark Flow Lever and collided straight into Li Huang with its remaining momentum.


 Li Huang’s verdant sun flame cloak shook intensely, it was like a prairie fire but after the collision, it immediately weakened to become a small flame.


 “Li Huang, it is time for your death!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone sharply as he used both summer fan and spring scissors to attack Li Huang.


 “Rank eight?!” Li Huang stared with his eyes wide open as he felt a fatal threat from summer fan and spring scissors.


 He did not even have time to breathe as he focused everything on defense.


 But when he took on the killer moves, spring scissors and summer fan revealed their previous state — they were only at rank seven!


 “Fang Yuan, you deceived me!” Li Huang roared, his attention was completely on Fang Yuan.


 Immediately after, Myriad Year Flying Warship followed.


 Li Huang’s eyes almost popped out as his sight became filled with the large silver figure of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Boom!


 Li Huang’s flame cloak was completely extinguished, his chest caved in, from which blood, mixed with pieces of organs, spurted out like a fountain.


 Whoosh.


 Countless silver swords attacked at the next second, they were as densely packed as bees, they pierced deep into Li Huang’s body and exited out from all directions.


 Li Huang’s body was moved around in all directions by daybreak swords, shaking intensely in the process.


 The sharp light in his pupils dissipated rapidly.


 Before death, his final thought was still disbelief: “I am actually going to die here?!”


 “Retreat——!” Gu Liu Ru shouted with teary eyes.


 Veins bulged on his forehead and his whole face looked malevolent.


 Li Huang might be stronger than Gu Liu Ru but in this River of Time, without the protection of an Immortal Gu House, he was definitely more disadvantaged.


 It was not that Gu Liu Ru did not think of going to save him, but Fang Yuan had prepared for so long, how could he give him the chance to rescue?


 The tightly packed year beasts were also a huge hindrance.


 Gu Liu Ru controlled Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and left the battlefield rapidly.


 Fang Yuan gave chase with surging killing intent: “Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, this will be your final resting place.”


 Gu Liu Ru gave a muffled groan as he concentrated on escaping.


 He imprinted this disgrace deep in his heart: “Righteous is falling while demonic is rising... sigh! The most sensible option now is to preserve our strength and fight again in the future. Fang Yuan... you can continue to be arrogant for the time being.”



***
Chapter 1813 - Fearsome Beast Tide


***





 



 Fast winds and ferocious waves surged in the River of Time.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship continually shot out daybreak flying swords like a storm raging towards Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 Inside Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, many Central Continent Gu Immortals were resolved for death as they said to Gu Liu Ru: “Lord, please leave first!”


 Gu Liu Ru hesitated.


 These people continued: “Central Continent can do without us, but it cannot lose you. This situation is too dangerous, we will all be killed if we try to escape together. Moreover, Heavenly Court has also sent the command!”


 Fairy Zi Wei had already sent the command for Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform to block Myriad Year Flying Warship while Gu Liu Ru escaped.


 Gu Liu Ru heaved a sigh: “I didn’t expect the situation to escalate to this, everyone, your sacrifices won’t be in vain!”


 He jumped out of Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and dived into the River of Time, escaping rapidly.


 Fang Yuan saw this and immediately turned Myriad Year Flying Warship around to give chase, but Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform blocked him without regard for itself.


 Fang Yuan was blocked by Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and was unable to get rid of it within a short period, he could only watch as Gu Liu Ru entered a tributary of the River of Time and escaped to the outside world.


 “In that case, you can all go die!” Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he concentrated the attacks on Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 By now, Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform was already an exhausted force. Under Myriad Year Flying Warship’s violent and repeated collisions, it completely broke into pieces.


 Over ten Gu Immortals fell into the river, and under the extreme chaos, the bloodthirsty year beasts in the surroundings attacked these Gu Immortals.


 “You beasts, get lost!” Fang Yuan shouted as he maneuvered Myriad Year Flying Warship to retrieve these battle spoils.


 But there were too many year beasts, waves after waves of the beast tide collided into Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 During this short delay, many of the Gu Immortals were swallowed by the berserk year beasts without leaving behind even a piece of flesh.


 Boom!


 A giant immemorial year ox crashed into the side of Myriad Year Flying Warship like a meteor.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was almost overturned and was only able to break away after a while. The warship’s shape had already deformed with two large holes on it.


 It was the result of the ox horns colliding into it!


 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were flustered.


 “Repair it quickly!”


 “So many Gu worms were destroyed.”


 “This immemorial year beast has extraordinary strength!”


 Fang Yuan was surprised and sized his surroundings carefully.


 Year beasts were everywhere in the surroundings, some flew, some ran on the water, while some moved underwater, with all of them having Myriad Year Flying Warship as their target.


 In this period of time, eight immemorial year beasts had surrounded Fang Yuan, some still afar while some near.


 That immemorial year ox just now had smooth skin and hair that shone with golden luster. Its hooves stood stably on the surface of the water, even the chaotic year beast army could not move it!


 A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Didn’t his Twelve Zodiac battle formation lack an immemorial year ox?


 Even if he already had an immemorial year ox, Fang Yuan would think of replacing it.


 The ancient battle formation’s might was completely related to the strength of the immemorial year beasts in the formation, and this immemorial year ox was outstanding among immemorial year beasts!


 “But this is not the time to subdue it.” Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile as he commanded: “Retreat!”


 Myriad Year Flying Warship began to escape as well.


 But no matter where it ran to, year beasts would block its path.


 Woof woof woof!


 An immemorial year dog blocked the path.


 Its body was agile with strong muscles, its eyes shone emitted lightning and its fur was glossy golden.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship repeatedly activated daybreak swords but when they hit its body, they immediately broke, only managing to cut its fur.


 Woof!


 The immemorial year dog jumped with such force that it immediately neared the bow of the boat.


 It opened its mouth, revealing its blade-like sharp silver teeth.


 Crack, the bow of Myriad Year Flying Warship was directly bit into pieces.


 “Leave quickly, this dog has time path Immortal Gu on it.” Fang Yuan’s expression was chilly.


 Immemorial year dog was also a species he lacked, but under this chaotic situation, he simply did not want to fight against these year beasts which he had no information on.


 Fortunately, the year beasts were also fighting and suppressing each other.


 There was only one immemorial year dog with the most abundant immemorial year monkeys.


 Fang Yuan cleverly turned Myriad Year Flying Warship towards these immemorial year monkeys, then Myriad Year Flying Warship moved through the gaps between the year beasts like a flash of silver lightning.


 The immemorial year dog was stopped by these immemorial year monkeys.


 After escaping like this all the way, they finally arrived in front of a tributary of the River of Time.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had to struggle to pass through the tributary and return to the outside world.


 A large amount of year beasts actually gave chase without giving up.


 Squeak squeak squeak!


 A small immemorial year rat suddenly appeared and it ran into Myriad Year Flying Warship like a flash of golden lightning.


 “Oh no!”


 “Fang Yuan, stop it! It is all up to you!”


 The immortals’ expression changed.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was strong outside and weak inside, if the immemorial year rat ran amok inside, the whole Immortal Gu House might be destroyed by it.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan also did not care about concealing his strength, he erupted with rank eight cultivation and appeared in front of the immemorial year rat.


 He activated the true rank eight level spring scissors, it flew nimbly in the narrow space and snipped the immemorial year rat.


 This immemorial year beast was very small, only the size of an adult fist, and was like an extremely hard golden wart.


 Spring scissors sniped its body but produced clanging sounds like striking a hard stone, even producing yellow sparks.


 Fang Yuan was already using all his strength but this immemorial year rat was not afraid.


 its eyes shone brightly as it saw a time path Immortal Gu, it bit the Immortal Gu and made its escape.


 It was extremely fast, disappearing from Fang Yuan’s sight within a blink of an eye.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, this is bad! Rank eight years flow like water Immortal Gu was taken away by this immemorial year rat!”


 Fang Yuan laughed happily, even rejoicing slightly as he said: “This is my disguise, although it is a time path Immortal Gu, it is not the real Years Flow Like Water.”


 Fang Yuan had personally deduced the myriad year hunting killer move, how could he not be aware of its enormous flaw?


 Therefore, he had been prepared and had arranged a bait in Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 When Myriad Year Flying Warship was damaged to a certain extent, they would throw out this bait and cause a fight among the immemorial year beasts, thus creating a chance to escape.


 This method might not fool Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, but immemorial year beasts had limited intelligence and were not like Heavenly Court’s rank eight great experts.


 Sure enough, after the immemorial year rat took away the bait, the year beast army immediately felt a strong attraction, they abandoned Myriad Year Flying Warship and surrounded this small golden rat.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was finally able to get rid of this terrifying year beast tide.


 After confirming it was safe, Fang Yuan immediately moved the rank eight Immortal Gu House into his immortal aperture.


 There were bumps and scratches all around Myriad Year Flying Warship, its sharp bow was chewed down, and there were large holes on its sides. There were also several claw marks on the deck that looked like they were cut by a giant blade.


 Countless mortal Gu used in Myriad Year Flying Warship had died, many Immortal Gu were also injured, especially precaution Immortal Gu, its injuries were the heaviest since it was the core of Myriad Year Flying Warship’s defense. Even years flow like water Immortal Gu had some damage.


 It appeared like Myriad Year Flying Warship still maintained its framework and looked intact, but if it were to be entangled for a while longer, it would be unrecognizable and the losses would be heavy.


 The River of Time was one of the secluded domains of heaven and earth, an inestimable scale of living beings lived here. There was no lack of powerful beings among these time path living beings, even Fang Yuan would not be able to deal with them within a short period of time.


 The ones that left Fang Yuan the deepest impression were the three immemorial year beasts with golden fur.


 “But, this is all within my calculations.”


 “The immemorial year beasts that attacked Myriad Year Flying Warship have all been marked. I can easily go find them later and subdue them.”


 “I need to take the risk if I want to finish the Twelve Zodiac battle formation.”


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 The Twelve Zodiac battle formation required twelve different species of immemorial year beasts; rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, money, chicken, dog, and pig.


 In the River of Time, at every set interval of time, a certain kind of immemorial year beast would be more commonly seen than others, becoming the strongest year species of that time period and suppressing other groups.


 However, in the next dozen years, this species of year beast would fall down from the strongest to the weakest, heavily pushed aside and attacked by other year beasts.


 But the year beasts that could survive these attacks would often be the strongest within the same level. They could not survive if they were not strong.


 Just like the immemorial year ox, immemorial year dog and immemorial year rat that Fang Yuan just encountered, they were the best evidence.


 Most of the immemorial year beasts were easy to gather because of their high quantity. But some species, because their whole group was at the lowest point, were not only rare but also had very powerful individual strength.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s recovery was not a difficult issue.


 Although countless mortal Gu were lost, Fang Yuan had enough of them. Injuries of immortal gu were the most troublesome, but Fang Yuan had the Gu as Before formation!


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path foundation was too robust, he could restore these Immortal Gu.


 “It is just that those Central Continent Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures are all completely empty, looks like Fairy Zi Wei has learned her lesson.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 The immortal apertures inside those Central Continent rank seven corpses were empty and barren, all their resources were moved out before the battle. After the first battle in the River of Time, Fairy Zi Wei was afraid these resources would only nourish Fang Yuan, their enemy!


 Fang Yuan did not care about it.


 To him, these resources would only be icing on the cake and were not important.


 “Next, I need to repair Myriad Year Flying Warship then go to the River of Time and capture the lacking immemorial year beasts.”


 “Then I will explore dream realms, there is already a large pile of dream realms extorted from Southern Border’s righteous path.”


 Fang Yuan was pressed for time and kept track of it closely.


 Not long later, it would be time for the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven to open and for the ancient bet to end.


 “I can only do my best!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 At the same time, Fairy Zi Wei sighed bitterly in Heavenly Court.


 She was filled with worries, they had lost miserably in the River of Time once again, what should they do now?


 The methods and strength revealed by Myriad Year Flying Warship made even her feel a sense of helplessness.


 She knew Fang Yuan’s strategy, it was to bait them inside the River of Time, but this matter was related to Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Heavenly Court had no choice but to take the bait!


 “Even if it is a bloody pit, we need to clench our teeth and jump into it! Heavenly Court has never been afraid of sacrificing.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shone sharply before her brows furrowed once again: “But, we need to modify the time path Immortal Gu Houses and make them prioritize speed. In the future, we will prioritize on disturbing Fang Yuan, it will be a great achievement as long as we stop him from obtaining Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”



***
Chapter 1814 - Pitiful Qi Clan Gu Immortals


***





 



 Immemorial white heaven.


 A plain white cloud carried six Qi clan Gu Immortals inside as it flew rapidly in the sky.


 “Be careful, this is immemorial white heaven, there are often immemorial desolate beasts roaming around.”


 “Currently, this route is quite safe, but we need to stay alert.”


 “After getting into that grotto-heaven, we will be able to obtain heaven form this time! The rise and prosperity of Qi clan is in sight!!”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals conversed in secret as they held in their excitement and joy.


 Even though they did not understand the use of heaven form, it did not mean that they would underestimate the power of this move.


 Because this was half an inheritance left behind by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!


 Suddenly, their vision changed, the serene white heaven suddenly flipped like a pancake, turning into a huge and dark space.


 This dark space was like a huge ball that enveloped all six immortals of Qi clan.


 Threads of silver light weaved like strings of a web, moving in all directions from the top to the bottom of the dark space.


 “This is an immortal battlefield killer move!”


 “Who is it, who ambushed us?!”


 “Quickly come out!”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were deeply shocked, after a momentary panic, they shouted angrily.


 Thus, a rank eight Immortal Gu House carrying a Gu Immortal appeared in a casual manner.


 This Immortal Gu House looked like a small boat, the front was sharp and long, shining with silver light. At the bow of the boat, a Gu Immortal stood with his arms behind his back, he wore a white robe and stood silently as he smiled towards these Qi clan Gu Immortals.


 This Gu Immortal had a handsome face, to the point of being beautiful, his black hair was long and reached his waist, this was a delicate looking young man with peerless appearance at first glance.


 But the six Qi clan Gu Immortals were completely stunned when they saw this person and this house!


 Qi Cai was the second supreme elder of Qi clan, he was the bravest among them, but at this moment, only shock was shown on his face.


 Qi Jin was the third supreme elder of Qi clan, he was like the other Qi clan Gu Immortals, having a pale expression, his heart was thumping, a cold chill was spreading through his four limbs.


 Qi clan’s first supreme elder Qi Fa was usually composed but at this moment, he panicked and said in a shivering voice: “Fang... Fang Yuan, why are you here! Why are you finding trouble with us?”


 Fang Yuan’s appearance alone shocked these Qi clan Gu Immortals to the point of being dumbstruck, their morale was completely extinguished as it fell to rock bottom.


 A person’s reputation provides shelter like the shadow of a tree.


 Fang Yuan’s current demonic reputation far surpassed the previous life!


 Earlier during the second battle in the River of Time, Fang Yuan had announced the results of the battle to the world.


 Heavenly Court lost time and again, they experienced a severe defeat this time, Li Huang died tragically. By stepping on Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan’s demonic reputation was causing tremors in the entire world now.


 Most of the Qi clan Gu Immortals were so scared their bodies went limp.


 Fang Yuan was a great demon of this era, why was he here to deal with Qi clan? And even setting an ambush?


 “Lord... Fang Yuan, my Qi clan is a secluded clan that has never caused any problems for you or schemed against you. Is there any misunderstanding between us, we are willing to compensate and appease you.” Qi clan’s first supreme elder Qi Fa said.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Don’t be nervous everyone, as long as you submit to me, I will let you live. As for compensation, why don’t you give heaven form to me then?”


 Hearing this, the Qi clan Gu Immortals felt like their mood had sunk to the abyss.


 “Oh no!!”


 “Fang Yuan knows our greatest secret.”


 “How did he find out?”


 “He is an otherworldly demon, he has been reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada!”


 “The ancient bet is here, the goal of our Qi clan for thousands of years is about to reach its end, should we give it up now?! I cannot accept it!!”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had pained and complex expressions, they were fearful, they were angry, they were anxious, they felt hatred, and they were helpless.


 The strongest Qi clan Gu Immortal was merely rank seven, they had spent a great effort to enter immemorial white heaven to begin with, how could they fight Fang Yuan?


 Hehe.


 They were meat on the chopping block!


 Simply pitiful.


 “Why don’t we risk it all!” Qi Cai gritted his teeth, he clenched his fists as his arms shivered.


 “Risk what? Can we even win? You know about Fang Yuan’s battle results as well, we will just be giving up our lives.” Qi Jin said with deep helplessness.


 A peculiar light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he threatened: “I will give you three breaths of time to consider, if you do not submit, you can go die.”


 “What do we do?!” Qi clan’s Gu Immortals panicked, they were not sure of what to do, everyone looked towards Qi Fa.


 As the first supreme elder of Qi clan, Qi Fa had the highest authority, he was a skinny old man, but had great spirits, his back was straight like a long spear.


 But after three breaths of time, he lowered his back as he gave up, he cupped his fists towards Fang Yuan with a pleasing expression: “Lord Fang Yuan, our Qi clan... submits to you!”


 “Hahaha, a wise person understands their circumstances!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, a bright light flashed in his eyes, none of the Qi clan Gu Immortals dared to look at him: “You have all made a wise decision.”


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were waiting inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, after witnessing this, they sighed to themselves.


 The battle in Lang Ya blessed land and the two battles inside the River of Time, they allowed Fang Yuan to step on Heavenly Court and gain immense reputation in the world! His demonic might was awe-inspiring, his name alone was able to make rank seven Gu Immortals surrender without putting up a fight!


 Qi Fa added: “Heaven form belongs to you, lord, but I would like to speak of the details regarding it, if lord would allow us to.”


 Fang Yuan looked at this Qi clan first supreme elder deeply in the eyes as he smiled nonchalantly: “No need for that, I am not afraid to tell you that I obtained heaven form in the previous life, I killed many of you afterwards and took Qi Sea grotto-heaven. Of course, some of you surrendered to me.”


 After pausing, Fang Yuan continued: “I am much clearer of the secrets involving heaven form than all of you.”


 Fang Yuan’s words were like a hammer that pounded into the Qi clan Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 They were dumbfounded but also in disbelief.


 Fang Yuan did not care if they believed him, he used his methods on each of them and took away all of their Gu worms.


 He was very clear on what Immortal Gu these Qi clan Gu Immortals possessed.


 After that, these Qi clan Gu Immortals were kept on the deck of Myriad Year Flying Warship, as they stood in a daze and with pale expressions.


 After putting these Qi clan Gu Immortals under control, Fang Yuan retracted his immortal battlefield — Yama Web.


 Yama web battlefield was modified from yama battlefield, it achieved Fang Yuan’s intended goal, combining the power of time path into it, it was now stronger and more stable.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had been repaired long ago, it flew rapidly towards the crucial location.


 After a while, the immortals saw that in the empty sky, a huge gatehouse appeared out of nowhere.


 The gatehouse had a tall roof and two statues at the side of the gate. There was a huge plaque above the gate, writing the words ‘Five Xiang’s Bet Entrance’. The entire gatehouse seemed to be made of bronze, it radiated a majestic aura.


 Initially, it was only a phantom image, but as time passed, it became solid and clearer.


 After the gatehouse formed fully, a huge area of clouds gathered to hold up this gatehouse.


 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were shocked, they were seeing this for the first time. Qi clan’s six Gu Immortals had complex expressions, a trace of hope was still lingering in the eyes of Qi Fa and the rest.


 At this time, the door started to shine in five colors, representing the strength of the Five Xiangs.


 First, red light shined down, causing the clouds to turn bright red.


 Fang Yuan smiled, looking at Hei Lou Lan: “Go.”


 Hei Lou Lan was expressionless as she moved out of Myriad Year Flying Warship, flying towards the gatehouse. Fang Yuan waved his hand as an immortal killer move was used on her.


 Hei Lou Lan’s body shook as she landed before the gatehouse.


 The red light surrounded her and faded away rapidly, acknowledging Hei Lou Lan’s identity.


 “Impossible!”


 “Oh heaven, what is going on?”


 “Her bloodline was recognized! Is she really a descendant of Xue Xiang’s Xue clan?”


 Qi clan’s six Gu Immortals were deeply astounded, they could not believe it.


 Fang Yuan turned around to look at them as he smiled, instructing the rockman Gu Immortals: “Go.”


 Several rockman Gu Immortals were hit by Fang Yuan’s killer move, their auras changed profoundly, they passed the inspection of the yellow light and obtained the rights to enter the Five Xiangs grotto-heaven.


 Seeing this, the six Gu Immortals from Qi clan shook intensely.


 Some were even shaking so intensely like they would fall.


 Earlier, Hei Lou Lan was a human, she had a possibility of having Xue Xiang’s bloodline. But these variant human rockmen? There were only male rockmen, they could not have children with other races.


 However, the gatehouse acknowledged them.


 The cruel fact stabbed into these Qi clan Gu Immortals’ hearts like a sharp sword.


 They finally abandoned all hope, they had to admit that this was the work of Fang Yuan’s method.


 Qi clan’s first supreme elder Qi Fa had a bitter expression, he surrendered to Fang Yuan earlier because he did not want to die, and also because he wanted to use the Five Xiang’s agreement and heaven form to coax Fang Yuan and find a chance to escape.


 But now it seemed like it was impossible.


 Fang Yuan’s preparations were too ample, he came here prepared, all the different signs showed that he was not lying earlier.


 “In the previous life, I’m afraid that Fang Yuan really obtained heaven form!”


 “He has Spring Autumn Cicada, he can start over again countless times. This is too absurd, who can stop him?”


 “The ancient bet... to think that an outsider would benefit from it... hehehe...”


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals felt deep rage, some were furious at Heavenly Court’s weakness, while some were dealt a huge impact, they were completely dejected.


 They had very intense emotions.


 And it was only understandable.


 They had arrived here with deep hopes and excitement, but abruptly, Fang Yuan ambushed them and took them as prisoners, the treasure that Qi clan had worked hard to get for so long, heaven form, was now in the hands of an outsider!


 The contrast was too big, it was too sudden and cruel.


 “These people are so pitiful...” Lady White Rabbit looked at Qi clan’s Gu Immortals as she felt some sympathy for them.


 “Hmph, Fang Yuan wants that treasure, how can they even compete?” Bai Ning Bing had a cold expression, she has the clearest understanding of Fang Yuan’s methods.


 Next, several Gu Immortals landed in front of the gatehouse, passing the bloodline test.


 Fang Yuan did not let Qi clan’s Gu Immortals in, they were still restrained on the deck, they watched as their places were taken by Lady White Rabbit followed by Fairy Miao Yin, obtaining Qi Xiang’s acceptance.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing went together, they also got in.


 As for Myriad Year Flying Warship and these Qi clan captives, he kept them inside his immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 1815 - Reaching the Heavens In One Step, Qi Path


***





 



 As their field of vision changed, Bai Ning Bing focused and looked around, thinking: “This is Five Xiangs grotto-heaven?”


 As she thought about that, an unknown source of information appeared in her heart, she understood the arrangements of the Five Xiangs immediately.


 “This is a public grotto-heaven, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs had once donated a portion of their grotto-heavens each to form this place. The entire grotto-heaven has five segments, they are not directly connected to each other, only the most central mountain range is shared among the five. The treasure of this bet is at the center of the grotto-heaven, as long as a Gu Immortal is acknowledged by the gatehouse and is teleported inside here, they can go after the treasure. Along the way, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs have also set up some resources, stronger experts can try to take them away, but it is recommended that they do not take everything, so as to allow the resources to grow again in the future.”


 Bai Ning Bing looked towards Fang Yuan, hesitating for a moment before deciding to inform him.


 But Fang Yuan looked ahead as he waved his hand: “I’ve already gotten the information, no need to tell me.”


 Bai Ning Bing nodded as she stopped talking.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan faced a hurdle at the gatehouse, not only was familiar face seen through, causing him to be pushed outside, he even had to use the light of wisdom to deduce a killer move that succeeded in allowing him to enter the Five Xiangs grotto-heaven under disguise.


 After entering Five Xiangs grotto-heaven, the information was not provided to him. He had only learned about it after Bai Ning Bing told him.


 But this time, after Fang Yuan’s modifications and deductions, he conceptualized an immortal killer move that could not only be used on himself, but also other people.


 So now, once he stepped into Five Xiangs grotto-heaven, the information immediately appeared in his mind, telling him of the situation.


 “Let’s go to the peak at the center!” Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing traveled together.


 In the previous life, he had to rush against time because Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were also here, he needed to compete with them over heaven form.


 But now, Fang Yuan chose to act in advance and kick his competitors out of the competition, this entire Five Xiangs grotto-heaven was his.


 Even though the situation was calm now and he could relax and collect resources along the way, slowly taking it down, Fang Yuan knew that at the center of the mountain range, the Immortal Gu House that contained heaven form might seem rough but it was the control area of this grotto-heaven, once he gains control over the Immortal Gu House, it would help with the movement of resources later on.


 While flying, Bai Ning Bing was shocked to realize that Five Xiangs grotto-heaven had a lot of resource points.


 Ice mirror snow lotus, hundred years profound ice, thousand years profound ice, mystical frost water, heaven craft divine jade, jade frost antelopes...


 “Even though there are no large or giant resource points, and all of these are just small or mid sized ones, these resource points are so closely packed and each have a huge amount stored up, since this place only opens up once a hundred years, it has naturally accumulated many resources.”


 Bai Ning Bing felt envious internally.


 There was no question about it, these resources would all end up in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 If she obtained them, she could expand her foundation rapidly, her assets would increase by multiple times, she would become rich instantly! But for Fang Yuan, this was just icing on the cake.


 The journey was very smooth, Fang and Bai safely arrived at the central mountain range.


 In the previous life, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals made arrangements here and created a beast tide, they lured two immemorial desolate beasts to stop Fang and Bai, obstructing them and creating trouble for their advancement.


 But now, they were all captured in advance, trapped inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, they were already unable to decide their own life and death.


 There was nothing special about the Immortal Gu House palace at the top of the mountain range, Fang Yuan lost his interest quickly.


 In front of the palace, there were many Gu Immortals gathered already, they were all Fang Yuan’s subordinates, they had entered before him.


 After paying respects to Fang Yuan, the Gu Immortals reported what they saw along the way.


 Fang Yuan looked around, there was no surprise or anything amiss, he nodded as he led the immortals into the hall.


 Heaven form was at the center of this hall.


 It was shaped like a one-legged white crane, it was covered in pure snow-white feathers that had no dust or dirt on it. Its long beak was red in color, it was craning its neck and hanging its head, its wings were tucked in as its eyes were shut tight, as if it was sleeping.


 “Rank nine aura...” Bing Yuan and the rest gasped and breathed in deeply as surprise and joy showed on their faces.


 Fang Yuan led the immortals as they sat around the heaven form flying crane, instilling their wills into it.


 The gatehouse was the bloodline inspector for the Five Xiangs, but they did not do anything to this heaven form killer move, thus, anyone could instill their will into it.


 All sorts of wills gushed in as they obtained the information left by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable the moment they entered.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable told them that he had once found a natural heavenly spirit in immemorial white heaven, after spending a lot of effort, he captured it but found that heaven form held deep mysteries, he could not refine it immediately even with his great strength.


 Thus, he designed the killer move heaven form and left this half-inheritance to a lucky person in the future.


 After the Five Xiangs found this inheritance, they did not back off, the ancient bet was thus created.


 The immortals understood the origin of this killer move, they gasped and sighed in admiration.


 Fang Yuan had heard this in his previous life, he felt no emotions, but he gained a new understanding of the existence of heaven form.


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable has killer moves like ghostly concealment, divine concealment, heaven form, and others, they are able to exist indefinitely and would not break apart.”


 “In my previous life, I thought that this was the style of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, but after the battle of fate Gu’s restoration, I noticed that all the Immortal and Demon Venerables had similar methods. This was true for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, and Limitless Demon Venerable.”


 “These killer moves and methods all have vast power, they are able to exist for a long time. Normally, they stay hidden without making any waves, but once they are used, the effects are simply shocking.”


 “If only one or two venerables have such methods, that could be considered their specialty. But if all the venerables were like this, then it is not something regarding a path or a person, it is about attainment level.”


 Every venerable had supreme grandmaster attainment level, this was a publicly recognized fact.


 “Then this means...”


 “Master attainment level generates intuition.”


 “Grandmaster attainment level allows mimicking of other paths.”


 “Great grandmaster attainment level allows the use of natural dao marks.”


 “Supreme grandmaster attainment level allows killer moves to last indefinitely and operate on their own?”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved quickly, even though he was just guessing, he felt like his hypothesis was likely to be true.


 Even though there was no description of this in the true inheritance that he obtained, with Fang Yuan having two paths at quasi-supreme attainment, he had the ability to take a peek at the heights of a supreme grandmaster.


 Hours later, Fang Yuan successfully took down the last bit of heaven’s will inside heaven form.


 This lump of heaven’s will had used a tactic of showing weakness in the previous life to deceive the Qi clan Gu Immortals, they suffered a huge loss while Fang Yuan benefited from it overall.


 This time, Fang Yuan controlled even more wills here, he exterminated this stubborn heaven’s will.


 No unexpected mishaps happened during this process.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan was afraid that Bai Ning Bing would betray him, but this time, he had more subordinates here, those variant human Gu Immortals were very loyal to Fang Yuan.


 This was Fang Yuan’s leadership talent, he was skilled at politics, after defeating Heavenly Court multiple times, his personal charm and grand aura surged overwhelmingly, he did not need to use any enslavement path methods to achieve this.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were very obedient, while Shadow Sect’s immortals did not dare to defy Fang Yuan.


 Even though they were just refining heaven form and had to exterminate the remaining heaven’s will, there was also a large number of sturdy Gu Immortal wills that were inside the killer move.


 These wills were accumulated in the last thousands of years by the wills of the descendants of the Five Xiangs.


 Without exterminating these wills, Fang Yuan would not be able to use heaven form.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan was prepared for it, he modified several killer moves, including the one that used wisdom sword Immortal Gu as the core which had become his main method here.


 “In my previous life, I used wisdom sword Immortal Gu alone, the effect was ordinary. Now that I have a killer move, I will gain control of heaven form rapidly!”


 Fang Yuan stored away heaven form but he did not keep the Immortal Gu House, he directed the Gu Immortals to control the Immortal Gu House and relocate all of the resources here.


 Five Xiangs grotto-heaven had once devoured a nine heavens fragment, it no longer faced any calamities and tribulations, but Fang Yuan could also not annex it now.


 After making the arrangements, Fang Yuan led the remaining immortals out of the grotto-heaven, they went towards the direction of Qi Sea grotto-heaven.


 Within Qi Sea grotto-heaven, there was a rank six Qi clan Gu Immortal guarding it.


 But even the first supreme elder, second supreme elder, and third supreme elder had surrendered, this Qi clan Gu Immortal became stunned before he let Fang Yuan inside.


 After the Qi clan Gu Immortals saw Fang Yuan’s heaven form killer move, they no longer had hope, their expressions turned pale.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan ordered Bai Ning Bing to attack Qi Sea grotto-heaven, she was even attacked by unlimited qi sea.


 But this time, the heavenly spirit in Qi Sea grotto-heaven had not woken up yet, it was still sleeping.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, how do you want us to move these resources?” The variant human Gu Immortals asked.


 Qi clan’s Gu Immortals looked at each other as someone said anxiously: “We are willing to defend this place for Lord Fang Yuan!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “No need, watch as I annex it!”


 His qi path attainment level was grandmaster long ago. After the second battle in the River of Time, he repaired Myriad Year Flying Battleship and entered the River of Time, he captured his required immemorial year beasts.


 In this long process of searching, he stayed inside the ship as he explored dream realms, letting his subordinates handle the matters outside.


 He only took action when it was time to fight.


 Thus, he saved a lot of time, he could succeed in many dream realm explorations!


 Fang Yuan’s attainment level in many paths had risen, especially qi path, it rose to great grandmaster.


 With this attainment level, he could annex Qi Sea grotto-heaven!


 During the process of annexing, the heavenly spirit of Qi Sea heavenly spirit was rudely awakened, but Fang Yuan was prepared and quickly suppressed it.


 The heavenly spirit scolded the Qi clan descendants for being unfilial, while Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had defeated expressions, they were in deep despair.


 Eventually, they watched as their homeland was devoured by Fang Yuan, fused into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He gained a vast amount of qi path resources that could not be calculated at the moment.


 His greatest gain was unlimited qi sea, this killer move was the trump card of Qi Sea grotto-heaven, it was the key that allowed them to defend against tribulations.


 Unlimited qi sea used rank eight Immortal Gu Big Qi, rank seven Immortal Gu Big Family Qi and others, there were countless qi path immortal materials, like metal qi, water qi, fire qi, and others, and also special ones like luck qi, divine qi, there was a variety of different types of qi.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan dismantled this killer move, but now that he had great grandmaster attainment level in qi path, his foundation was deep enough, he decided not to destroy it.


 And worth mentioning was that Qi Sea grotto-heaven gave Fang Yuan a million qi path dao marks!


 Fang Yuan’s qi path foundation grew immensely, it was truly reaching the heavens in one step!



***
Chapter 1816 - Absorbing Qi Sea Grotto-heaven


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini White Heaven.


 The dragonman clone smiled as he stretched out his hand.


 Before him stood a fawn.


 The fawn lowered its head before the dragonman clone, stretching out its tiny pink tongue and licking the dragonman clone’s palm.


 “Master.” The fawn spoke in human language.


 It was not an ordinary fawn of course, it was created from the obsession of Qi Xiang fusing with the heavenly power of the grotto-heaven, resulting in this Qi Sea heavenly spirit.


 Qi Sea heavenly spirit had the appearance of a snow-white fawn, its eyes were golden in color, extremely dazzling.


 But on the fawn’s back, near the right side, there was a deep wound that exposed the bones, it extended towards its stomach, leaving behind a dense amount of dao marks.


 Dragonman clone sighed: “Your injuries are severe, my methods might not work.”


 This was the injury the fawn sustained when it used unlimited qi sea against Qi Sea grotto-heaven’s myriad tribulation.


 In the previous life, when Bai Ning Bing attacked Qi Sea grotto-heaven, the heavenly spirit had fallen asleep due to its injuries, it was rudely awakened.


 The fawn was a heavenly spirit, it was a special existence created from the fusion of obsession and heavenly power.


 To heal the fawn, wisdom path methods were the most appropriate.


 Thus, Fang Yuan tried but had no success.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s refinement path methods were stronger, he did not dare to use them rashly.


 It was not that he was helpless against one wound, but these methods were too powerful and uncontrollable, they were harmful to the heavenly spirit fawn. Very likely, the treatment might kill this Qi Sea heavenly spirit.


 If the treatment kills Qi Sea heavenly spirit, what was the point of wasting effort in trying to save it?


 For now, Fang Yuan could not heal this fawn.


 But this heavenly spirit did not mind that, it was in fact quite happy. After Qi Sea grotto-heaven got annexed, it did not die, it still existed.


 Every life form would have basic survival instincts, heavenly spirits were the same, they were inclined to finding a master and preserving the grotto-heaven.


 Of course, they would only submit to masters who fulfilled their conditions. Or if methods like blood light spirit suppression were used.


 Fang Yuan was thinking about the mystery of land spirits and heavenly spirits.


 The Gu world had countless mysteries, the more Fang Yuan interacted with them, the more he realized how little he knew.


 When ordinary Gu Immortals annex apertures, even if land spirits existed, they would die when the annexation is completed. But the sovereign immortal aperture broke this rule, there had to be a reason for it.


 But Shadow Sect had no records of it.


 Maybe Spectral Soul Demon Venerable hid the details, or maybe Shadow Sect’s true inheritance was not everything that Spectral Soul had.


 Or maybe even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had no idea that the sovereign immortal aperture would end up like this.


 It was like how Fang Yuan could only understand the general concept behind an unknown Immortal Gu that he just refined, even though he had such strong refinement path attainment, he could not comprehend it entirely. A newly created and unprecedented Gu was especially so, only by using it could the Gu Immortal learn more things about it.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had many land spirits and heavenly spirits.


 Land spirits were more abundant, among them, Lang Ya land spirit was the most unique, he was made from two obsessions.


 There were also a snake, star core, black hound, land spirits in all sorts of forms were scattered in different locations over the sovereign immortal aperture.


 They were all useful assistants in managing the sovereign immortal aperture, they were in charge of their own territories.


 Fang Yuan did not kill these heavenly spirits and land spirits, he preserved them.


 Now was not the time, in the future, he was going to understand the logic behind their existence.


 This was also why he wanted to save Qi Sea heavenly spirit.


 After Qi Sea grotto-heaven was assimilated, Fang Yuan placed it in Mini White Heaven.


 There were evident changes to the sovereign immortal aperture now.


 All sorts of qi were growing and interacting, Mini White Heaven had the most evident signs, countless white clouds were forming and spreading.


 The other eight mini heavens were the same, they all had their own colors.


 These clouds were still like thin fog, they had not grown into cloud soil of their respective colors.


 But this was just the start.


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, for the following period of time, different qi would appear in all parts of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 These qi were of different types of varieties, most were mortal Gu materials.


 But after a while, after enough mortal level qi are accumulated, they would start producing qi path immortal materials.


 And after an even longer time, these qi path immortal materials would stabilize and create a special connection with the environment, that would be the initial formation of a resource point.


 If it develops well, these tiny resource points might grow into small, mid, and large sized resource points.


 Of course, without human interference, the chances of the sovereign immortal aperture generating a large sized resource point was simply too small, it was negligible.


 All these changes were due to the addition of a million qi path dao marks.


 These qi path dao marks were the accumulation of Qi Sea grotto-heaven, now that Fang Yuan annexed it, these qi path dao marks spread out and became distributed all over the mini five regions and nine heavens.


 Each time he annexed an immortal aperture, he would gain dao marks, the environment of the immortal aperture would change slightly.


 Like in the previous life, Fang Yuan annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, gaining transformation path dao marks, this caused the entire sovereign immortal aperture to produce a larger variety of living beings. For example, the ordinary foxes in Mini Northern Plains would reproduce and have a greater chance of becoming red foxes, grey foxes, wind foxes, cloud foxes, or others, even becoming mutated beasts like autumn water fox or flowing light fox...


 After annexing Xia Cha grotto-heaven, he gained a bunch of time path dao marks, the tributary of the River of Time became wider. Fang Yuan could control the upper and lower limit of the rate of time to a greater extent as a result.


 Very evidently, randomly annexing apertures was not a good thing.


 Because the increase in dao marks would cause the environment to change dramatically, without wisdom path methods to absorb these changes, the Gu Immortal’s development inside the immortal aperture would be ruined, they would lose all their assets.


 The living habitat of the immortal aperture world was always a tight chain. If one small species of grass became extinct, it could lead to a crisis for countless species higher up in the food chain. In comparison, the annexing of immortal apertures would cause huge environmental shifts!


 The reason why Fang Yuan gained from it was because the sovereign immortal aperture was too big and vast, it made these influences negligible when spread out.


 Most Gu Immortals had tiny immortal apertures compared to this sovereign immortal aperture.


 When the same volume of water is stored in a bottle and a vat, the bottle would be full while the vat is only filled to a negligible amount.


 Other than that, fang yuan had deep wisdom path attainment, along with other paths that allowed him to easily deal with all the changes that happened.


 “It was still okay when I annexed Xia Cha grotto-heaven, but after annexing Qi Sea grotto-heaven, the gain of a million qi path dao marks has made an evident change to the sovereign immortal aperture!”


 Xia Cha did not pass any myriad tribulations, she only had seventy thousand time path dao marks.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, which had over a hundred thousand transformation path dao marks. And this was because Beast Calamity Immortal had gone through one myriad tribulation before dying, the Beast Calamity grotto-heaven that he left behind did not pass a second myriad tribulation.


 Qi Xiang was very strong in the past.


 After all, the Five Xiangs were united and dominated the two heavens, their reputation was high in the five regions, they were incredibly famous.


 After Qi Xiang died, Qi Sea grotto-heaven was left behind, it did not devour any fragment of the nine heavens, it still had to face endless calamities and tribulations.


 Difficulties led to wealth!


 After thousands of years, Qi Sea grotto-heaven had gone through more than ten myriad tribulations, each one gave around a hundred thousand dao marks.


 Along with Qi Xiang’s accumulations in his life, there were over a million qi path dao marks.


 This was a shocking achievement.


 It was not easy!


 Myriad tribulations were terrifying, even rank eight Gu Immortals were fearful of them, they could only pass with great difficulty.


 But Qi Sea grotto-heaven had survived for such a long time.


 Mainly by relying on unlimited qi sea! The heavenly spirit controlled this move and with sufficient rank eight immortal essence, Qi Sea grotto-heaven managed to pass each time.


 “Of course, this move is incredible, it not only consumes immortal essence but also different types of qi. By expending qi, the immortal essence expenditure could be reduced, while also increasing this move’s power!”


 “For the last thousands of years, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had been going all over the world collecting these types of qi.”


 Compared to it, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was just a child.


 Even though Lang Ya blessed land had an even longer history, it had purposely fallen to a blessed land, it did not have to face myriad tribulations, the strongest tribulations it faced were grand tribulations, so it gained much fewer dao marks.


 Other than that, Lang Ya blessed land also used killer moves to influence the contents of the calamities and tribulations, allowing it to gain a large number of water path dao marks.


 These water path dao marks worked with the refinement path dao marks, creating refinement water.


 In order to create a man-made secluded domain of heaven and earth, Lang Ya blessed land had expended a vast number of refinement path and water path dao marks.


 “If I did not annex this Qi Sea grotto-heaven, with the heavenly spirit fawn’s injuries, it would not be able to survive much longer. With a few more myriad tribulations, this grotto-heaven would be destroyed.”


 Thus, one could not say that Lang Ya land spirit’s decision was wrong. If Lang Ya blessed land was kept as a grotto-heaven, even if it obtained ten times the number of refinement path dao marks, it would not exist until today.


 Fang Yuan continued to cultivate.


 On one hand, he was trying his best to assimilate Qi Sea grotto-heaven entirely, on the other hand, he started practising qi path killer moves.


 The consecutive hit method that Ba Shi Ba possessed was given up after Fang Yuan tried it.


 The most important thing now were qi path killer moves, especially unlimited qi sea!


 The power of unlimited qi sea was truly tremendous, it helped Qi Sea grotto-heaven pass so many myriad tribulations.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan lacked foundation and time, he also needed resources so he dismantled the killer move unlimited qi sea.


 But now, as a qi path great grandmaster who annexed Qi Sea grotto-heaven, this unlimited qi sea killer move was usable by him.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow was much faster than in the previous life as well!


 This gave Fang Yuan even more time to practise his killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s qi path foundation soared to a peak, after he turns it into battle strength, he would definitely gain a huge amount of strength that would surpass his current state!


 “If my qi path battle strength is formed, it will surpass time path and become my main offensive method.”


 “A million qi path dao marks, hehe, it is truly not a joke.”


 “By then, I can try to subdue Dragon Palace, I will be able to fight for it against multiple rank eight Gu Immortals, forcefully taking away this Immortal Gu House.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was eerie, he had made his plans long ago.



***
Chapter 1817 - Training in Qi Path Killer Moves


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan practised his qi path killer moves.


 Several Immortal Gu moved in the sky, while a large number of mortal Gu flew around them like a tornado in the sky.


 Large amounts of astral winds were mixing into them.


 As rank eight immortal essence was injected, these Gu worms’ auras started to merge.


 But after a long time, the killer move was not activated.


 Sweat appeared on Fang Yuan’s forehead, after more than ten breaths of time, Fang Yuan barely controlled the situation, the killer move finally succeeded, it was unleashed.


 Qi path immortal killer move — Heavenly Astral Cloth Robe!


 A grey-white cloth robe appeared on the dragonman clone’s body.


 It looked like normal clothing but upon closer inspection, one could see that every thread on this cloth was made of astral qi.


 This was a rank seven killer move, but after the amplification of Fang Yuan’s one million qi path dao marks, its power had risen by a thousand times!


 After inspecting it, Fang Yuan saw that while this robe was thin, it had incredibly shocking defense.


 “It has rank eight power without doubt, it is even stronger than winter coat.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Of course, it could not compare to reverse flow protection seal.


 A million qi path dao marks was truly not a joke.


 Even through mere amplification, a rank seven killer move could have the power of rank eight, and most importantly, the expended immortal essence is at the level of rank seven!


 “After one myriad tribulation, a Gu Immortal will gain eighty-thousand dao marks on average. The stronger the tribulation, the larger the number of dao marks obtained.”


 “Theoretically, after three myriad tribulations, a Gu Immortal can become venerable, they would have at least three hundred thousand dao marks!”


 “A million qi path dao marks is on the level of something only rank nines can possess.”


 “The core Immortal Gu of heavenly astral cloth robe is only rank seven, after the qi path dao mark amplification, it has reached the level of rank eight peak. If the core Immortal Gu is rank eight, after the qi path dao mark amplification, would it have rank nine power?”


 Fang Yuan had a thought as bright light shined in his eyes.


 He recalled the battle in his previous life, and all the methods left by the venerables. At the same time, his main body also made deductions.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone shook his head.


 The possibility was small.


 “Most likely, rank nine killer moves need rank nine Immortal Gu. Dao mark amplification cannot reach this extent.”


 “Or more accurately, I cannot breakthrough to that level using just a million qi path dao marks.”


 “Maybe if I have ten times the dao marks, the quantity will induce a qualitative change, and reach rank nine perhaps?”


 Fang Yuan was not certain.


 Even though he was a rank eight Gu Immortal, when he looked up towards the level of a rank nine, it was still shrouded in complete mystery.


 In a purely theoretical situation, each venerable would start with at least three hundred thousand dao marks.


 But from what Fang Yuan learned from Lang Ya land spirit as well as his own experiences, each venerable was an absolute monster, they could not be looked at with logic or common sense.


 Just Limitless Demon Venerable alone, when he was a Gu Master, he already possessed Gu Immortal level dao marks. At that rate, when he became venerable, how many dao marks would he have?


 Fang Yuan could not imagine it.


 As for the other venerables?


 When they just became a venerable, would they have merely three hundred thousand dao marks?


 Fang Yuan smiled, the possibility was close to zero!


 In this world, there were no invincible Gu worms, only invincible Gu Immortal.


 If these people only had three hundred thousand dao marks when they became venerable, how could they dominate the world and gain the reputation of invincibility?


 Right now, Fang Yuan was already one of the greatest experts in the world! He was at the peak, he could look down on most of the people in this world. There were few who could fight him evenly in a one-on-one battle.


 However, whenever he looked up, he could still see those ten giant mountains above his head, concealed within the clouds!


 They were the ten strongest people in history, each was a legend of legends, throughout the long history of humanity, they were the ten most dazzling suns.


 Other than them, no matter who it was! Even the extremely talented individuals who were dazzling like the stars paled in comparison to them, their tiny light was forever shrouded by these ten’s shadows.


 Fang Yuan was no exception.


 He was able to reach this stage because he had relied on these predecessors, especially the venerables.


 Just looking at the sovereign immortal aperture alone.


 This belonged to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Even today, when cultivating, Fang Yuan would often sigh in admiration towards the heaven defying advantage that the sovereign immortal aperture gave him.


 For example, the annexing of Qi Sea grotto-heaven, under normal situations, who could annex it?


 Almost nobody!


 Unless Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was alive now.


 Because immortal apertures could only annex smaller ones, the ‘big and small’ here referred to foundation.


 In this world, only Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had the qi path foundation to annex Qi Sea grotto-heaven, which had a million qi path dao marks.


 And if the grotto-heaven was dissected and annexed piece by piece, the losses would be severe.


 Each time a grotto-heaven was cut apart, it would suffer immense damage, the qi path dao marks that were weaved like a web would suffer huge losses!


 And because of conflicting dao marks, Gu Immortals could not truly gain many of these dao marks.


 If Qi Sea grotto-heaven was dissected to a certain extent, the winds of assimilation would start blowing due to its severe damage. The remaining portions of the grotto-heaven would be destroyed in this case.


 But the sovereign immortal aperture could devour “larger” apertures.


 Originally, Fang Yuan had no foundation in qi path, but he was able to annex Qi Sea grotto-heaven, this was not like a snake devouring an elephant, it was an ant devouring an elephant!


 The most scary was that with non-conflicting dao marks, Fang Yuan could perfectly absorb his gains, he could assimilate every single dao mark without any bit of wastage.


 It was too heaven defying!


 No wonder the Heavenly Dao could not condone its existence, in order to stop Spectral Soul, it nurtured the otherworldly demon Fang Yuan, plotting endlessly and sending him back five hundred years to stop Shadow Sect’s plan.


 The more heaven defying the sovereign immortal aperture was, the more it showed how scary Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was.


 Every time Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he could gain a deeper understanding of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s terrifying power.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable...


 Using the foundation of these venerables, Fang Yuan became the current generation demon overlord, but with every step he took, he increasingly felt the difference between him and a venerable, it was too vast to calculate!


 Fang Yuan felt no dejection whenever he looked up at them, all he felt was admiration.


 He had never been arrogant nor proud, he respected each of these predecessors.


 One could only learn from capable people!


 Mixed in with his admiration were traces of indescribable excitement.


 “Even as strong as these ten venerables, none of them could attain eternal life, they died one by one.”


 “Then, can I truly succeed?”


 The possibility was as slim as none!


 In fact, as long as fate Gu still existed, it would not allow any life form to gain eternal life.


 This was already confirmed within u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e!


 “That is why it is interesting to pursue it.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 After collecting his thoughts, Fang Yuan’s main body continued to train his qi path killer moves.


 As for the dragonman clone, after testing heavenly astral cloth robe, he flew away and looked into treasure yellow heaven.


 He wanted to purchase many qi path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven.


 Many qi path killer moves needed to use these qi path immortal materials.


 For example, the heavenly astral cloth robe earlier needed a large amount of astral qi.


 Using the dao marks inside immortal materials to unleash killer moves was not a rare thing. Grandmaster formation path Gu Immortals were able to use immortal materials to set up formations.


 Long ago, water path killer moves also used a large number of water path immortal materials in huge quantities. But afterwards, due to the absurd cost involved, Gu Immortals chose to use Gu worms instead, they abandoned this method.


 This trait was most evident in qi path.


 No matter how low their qi path attainment level was, a Gu Master (Gu Immortal) would always be able to use Gu materials in place of Gu worms to unleash killer moves.


 The reason was that qi path materials were the most mobile and simple to use. Water path materials were slightly less useful, while the dao marks of earth and rocks were much harder to use.


 Fang Yuan did not care about this, he was very rich now and had abundant wealth, he searched and bought qi path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven.


 He did not ask for qi path immortal materials from Southern Border’s Gu Immortals.


 In terms of his qi path battle strength, he wanted to keep it a secret for now.


 “Profound yin qi, minor sun qi, astral qi, domination qi... I’ll buy all of them! Hmm, blood qi?”


 The dragonman clone looked as he pondered.


 Even though blood path was detested greatly, would any righteous path force not research it secretly? Thus, in treasure yellow heaven, blood path Gu materials were very popular.


 These blood qi were just mortal materials, but the quantity was huge.


 If it were any other type of qi, Fang Yuan would not want these mortal materials, his sovereign immortal aperture could produce it! But blood qi was different.


 Not only did this qi contain qi path dao marks, it also had blood path dao marks. Therefore, it was considered a blood path mortal material.


 And blood path had a terrifying advantage, if the quantity was high enough, it could be treated as an immortal material.


 “Such a huge quantity sold, this can be seen as an immortal material.” The dragonman clone thought of this as he hesitated no more, immediately buying it.


 Central Continent.


 “What, there is no more blood qi?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked into treasure yellow heaven with disbelief: “You had such a huge quantity last time.”


 The Gu Immortal’s will who sold the blood qi in treasure yellow heaven shook his head: “A few hours ago, an incredibly affluent Gu Immortal swept the entirety of treasure yellow heaven’s market, buying all of the qi path immortal materials available. You also know that these blood qi can be accumulated and used together, that is why this happened.”


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was stunned!


 Sweeping the whole of treasure yellow heaven’s market and buying all of the available qi path immortal materials, what sort of wealth could allow one to do that?


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng had already become an immortal for some time.


 He knew deeply that wealth was a form of representation of strength.


 If a Gu Immortal had immense wealth, it would mean that they own a large amount of resources, with such a foundation, it would help them advance smoothly in their cultivation journey!


 “Maybe it is not a person, but a super force’s action.” Gu Yue Fang Zheng muttered to himself.


 His divine sense went to many more stalls, but there were no gains as expected.


 There was no blood qi left in the market.


 But Gu Yue Fang Zheng cultivated blood path, he needed blood qi.


 After his divine sense left treasure yellow heaven, Gu Yue Fang Zheng started to think: “Do I ask the sect for blood qi?”


 He quickly dispelled that thought.


 He decided to collect it himself.



***
Chapter 1818 - Heavenly Court’s Righteousness


***





 



 Blood qi was very easy to obtain! One could get a bunch from killing mortal beasts and using blood path methods to extract them. By raising desolate beasts in the immortal aperture, there would be an endless supply of immortal material blood qi.


 Precisely because blood path resources were easily obtainable, blood path was incredibly threatening, the righteous path of the five regions prohibited it.


 If it were other immortal materials, Fang Zheng might get help from the sect, but this was just blood qi, and Fang Zheng did not need a lot.


 In Fang Zheng’s case, it was just a little troublesome to obtain the blood qi that he needed, he only had to spend some time.


 Thinking about this, Fang Zheng informed Fan Xi Liu of his plan, because of his unique identity, he could not leave Fei He Mountain casually.


 After Fan Xi Liu learned about it, he gave Fang Zheng a mission: “Perfect timing! There is a golden mountain ox at the northwest area wreaking havoc, go and settle that issue. Kill or enslave it, if you can capture it alive, you will get double the sect contribution points.”


 Fang Zheng’s heart shook, the golden mountain ox was a desolate beast, he had never fought against a desolate beast before.


 But soon, he felt a little excitement in his heart as he agreed.


 Fang Zheng was no longer the young lad from before, he had gone through many hurdles in Lang Ya blessed land, after thinking about it, he made up his mind.


 He did not head to the golden mountain ox immediately, he went to the information tower of Immortal Crane Sect.


 White Crane Information Tower was an Immortal Gu House with nine floors, it was situated at a secluded area on the mountainside of Fei He Mountain.


 It was covered in deep fog and lush greenery.


 Fang Zheng flew over on a crane.


 Even though he cultivated blood path, he had been tutored in Immortal Crane Sect and was the disciple of Lord Sky Crane, he was familiar with the manipulation of flying cranes.


 When he was in Lang Ya blessed land, he had participated in the huge war of three continents, he did not have a chance to subdue cranes, but he still retained his interest in them.


 But due to a twist of fate, he was saved by Feng Jiu Ge and returned to Immortal Crane Sect, because Heavenly Court decided to nurture him, he became an immortal.


 With Gu Immortal cultivation level, he even became a supreme elder of Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng easily obtained a crane for himself as a movement tool.


 Before White Crane Information Tower, there were no guards, only two desolate beast cranes were resting here. If anything happened, these cranes would appear and act as guardians.


 Fang Zheng rode on his crane as he got near White Crane Information Tower, the flying crane below him started shivering as its vocalizations became jittery.


 Fang Zheng could not help but sigh: “This flying crane is a rank five mutated beast, when I was in Immortal Crane Sect in the past, I felt that it was incredibly powerful, but now, it is nothing special.”


 “The difference between immortal and mortal is truly too great.”


 After Fang Zheng landed in front of White Crane Information Tower, his crane almost fell down from fear.


 Fang Zheng sighed as he kept it in his immortal aperture.


 He had the status of a supreme elder, White Crane Information Tower was open to him without question, Fang Zheng stepped in.


 Every floor of the information tower had a large number of information path mortal Gu.


 If Fang Zheng wanted to obtain information from them, he would need to exchange for it using sect contribution points.


 The information tower itself could store information, but Immortal Crane Sect would not do that. Because if the tower got destroyed, the information would also be ruined. This information tower was an Immortal Gu House that only managed one aspect, it was like Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, it only had the power of information path.


 If it were a complete Immortal Gu House, having both offense and defense, it would not need two desolate beast white cranes to defend it.


 Fang Zheng had no foundation in information path, he could not see the mysteries of this tower. But he could guess that this tower had some sort of arrangement towards preserving, transporting, and destroying these Gu worms.


 White Crane Information Tower had the ability to collect and update information, most types of intelligence could be found in it.


 Of course, true secrets could only be obtained by the higher-ups.


 Even though Fang Zheng was a supreme elder, he could not become a higher-up of Immortal Crane Sect. Because of his special identity, he was excluded by the rest of them.


 In the past, Fang Zheng was still ignorant and innocent, but after these years, he had understood these politics.


 He did not feel proud for having this understanding, instead he only had a bitter smile.


 He could now understand the circumstances that Fang Yuan faced back in Qing Mao Mountain. With Fang Yuan’s situation back then, he was not welcomed by the higher-ups, in order to get stronger, he could only use schemes and robbery.


 “The truth is, since the creation of Immortal Crane Sect, haven’t they been doing this all along? They occupy lots of resources, many of these resource points were once owned by demonic path or lone immortals.”


 “And even though Heavenly Court is known for righteousness, that is not entirely true. Looking at history, all of its territory was snatched away from variant humans.”


 “Heavenly Court only represents the righteousness of humanity.” Fang Zheng thought to himself.


 Other Central Continent righteous path Gu Immortals would not think like this normally, it was a heretical idea.


 But Fang Zheng had lived with the hairy men. Even though he was ostracized, he had truly felt the culture and living habits of the hairy men, he understood them.


 How could other Gu Immortals live and grow in an environment dominated by variant humans?


 His unique experience gave Fang Zheng a unique perspective. All his hardship in the past had now become his wealth, even though his vision was not broad, it was unique.


 “But one’s position determines one’s views and behavior, I still prefer the righteousness of Heavenly Court.” Fang Zheng smiled bitterly as he inspected the information.


 “Desolate beast golden mountain ox, hmm, this is the one.” He went up several floors as he found the corresponding information path mortal Gu.


 After his divine sense looked into it, he gained waves of information.


 The golden mountain ox was large as a mountain, it was a female-only species and liked to eat metal essence. After eating several hundred kilograms of metal essence, it would enter a cave and sleep.


 “Eat and sleep, sleep and eat?” That’s a good life.” Fang Zheng laughed.


 He continued to look: “The horn is the most valuable part of the golden mountain ox’s body. Every hundred years, the horn grows by ten feet, it will continue to grow and extend, curving until it coils around the entire head, neck, and stomach. After it reaches the stomach, the sharp horns will turn into thick leather skin. As long as the ox moves its head, it would pull forward and cut the skin of its womb, the descendants that are called golden calves will jump out of this wound and become born.”


 Fang Zheng’s eyes flickered as he muttered: “This reproduction method is quite like rockmen.”


 Fang Zheng continued to look.


 After the golden mountain ox gives birth, because the wound is huge, it would be in great pain, it would cry out loudly as it bleeds profusely.


 If newly born golden calves choose to lick the wound of the mother, the dao marks on their tongue would heal the golden mountain ox rapidly, until they fully recover.


 But if they choose not to, the mother would die. The calves can drink the blood of their mother and become stronger rapidly, passing the weak period of being a calf quickly.


 “Very interesting!” Fang Zheng sighed to himself.


 The life of a golden mountain ox was to eat and sleep. This meant that after giving birth, if the calves choose to save the mother, she would not take care of them, after ingesting lots of food, she would hibernate.


 For the calves’ own survival, it was more beneficial to not save the mother.


 Thus, most calves would watch as their mothers die, only a small portion would lick the wound and save her.


 “When an ox gives birth, it often means a tragedy. But for survival, this is necessary, but I still like those calves who save their mothers more.”


 Fang Zheng watched as he decided on his plan.


 He left the information tower, his confidence in this sect mission was completely different from before he saw the information.


 He decided to target the golden mountain ox’s habits.


 Didn’t it like to eat metal essence?


 Then he would make some metal essence, like how people used fish bait to fish, he would use metal essence to bait the ox!


 Fang Zheng had above average strength, having familiarized himself with many blood path immortal killer moves during this period of time inside his immortal aperture, he was able to fight against the golden mountain ox now.


 But if he could use half his strength, why would he go all out?


 The best way was to fight the enemy with wisdom, using all the advantages that he could find, to preserve his remaining strength for possible accidents.


 This was the habit that Fang Zheng had gained after the countless battles in his mortal life.


 Days later, Fang Zheng arrived at his destination.


 He entered the valley stealthily, leaving behind a large amount of metal essence at the area where the golden mountain ox often roamed around.


 When the golden mountain ox came nearby, it sniffed as brilliance shined in its eyes, it quickly discovered the deeply buried metal essence.


 The golden mountain ox started to use its hooves and horns to dig.


 Rocks were tossed as dust clouds rose, the metal essence was quickly excavated, the joyful golden mountain ox started to devour it.


 “I did it!” Fang Zheng watched personally, he was secretly overjoyed.


 He waited patiently for the golden mountain ox that had eaten its fill to go back to the cave and sleep.


 Three days later, the golden mountain ox’s cries could be heard from within the cave.


 Fang Zheng who was sleeping woke up in shock, after reacting, he cheered: “The poison has finally spread, it is working now.”


 But he did not enter the cave, he waited outside patiently.


 The intense pain of the poison made the golden mountain ox go berserk, it rampaged in the cave, causing the entire mountain to shake, the surrounding forest went into chaos as a large number of living creatures scattered.


 After a long while, the commotion in the cave gradually calmed down.


 Fang Zheng entered the cave now and fought intensely against the half crippled golden mountain ox.


 After some time, seeing that the golden mountain ox was completely agitated, Fang Zheng left the cave.


 Fighting against the golden mountain ox in the cave was too dangerous, if it caved in, even as a rank six Gu Immortal, Fang Zheng would be in trouble.


 And Fang Zheng was here to capture the golden mountain ox alive, he did not want to destroy the area and cause all the living creatures to lose their homes.


 Fang Zheng left the cave, the golden mountain ox followed.


 The two fought in the valley, eventually, Fang Zheng used the killer move blood turns cold to freeze the golden mountain ox and captured it alive.


 However, when he was about to send the golden mountain ox into his immortal aperture, a strong aura surged from the body of this golden mountain ox.


 At the same time, a bronze-gold cauldron forced its way out of the golden mountain ox’s body.


 “This is?!” Fang Zheng was deeply shocked.


 At the next moment, a rank eight Gu Immortal flew out of the golden cauldron.


 “Spirituality hides within the metal essence, divine light slumbers for three hundred thousand years.”


 “Owing to great fortune I see the light of day, with thanks to the martyr of righteous blood.”


 This female rank eight immortal sang slowly as she landed in front of Fang Zheng, smiling at him: “Little friend, you are the one who awakened me?”


 Fang Zheng was dumbfounded, he had not anticipated such a situation!



***
Chapter 1819 - Sword Path Grandmaster


***





 



 Immortal killer move — Golden Thread Sword!


 Fang Yuan shouted loudly as he used the killer move.


 Instantly, countless golden threads burst out of his body, stabbing towards his surroundings like a porcupine, piercing everything in their path.


 Crack crack crack...


 The three Gu Immortals around him were pale and shocked, they wanted to dodge but it was too late, their bodies and souls were completely penetrated by countless golden threads.


 Plop, plop, plop, the three Gu Immortals fell onto the ground, lifeless.


 Fang Yuan breathed roughly, this was a tough battle, after finally killing the enemy, he was extremely tired.


 The world he was in started to vanish until it was completely gone, only Fang Yuan’s desolate soul was left inside the sovereign immortal aperture’s Mini Green Heaven with heavy injuries.


 “I finally passed the final scene.”


 “It was really difficult.”


 “If I did not use unravel dream at the most crucial moment, to find that tiny loophole, I would have failed for sure!”


 After Fang Yuan’s soul returned to his body, he still felt some emotions from earlier.


 This was a sword path dream realm.


 Inside this dream realm, Fang Yuan’s strength was low, especially in the final scene, every Gu Immortal enemy was stronger than him.


 He had to keep trying and making use of the conflicts between these enemies to disrupt them, creating chances for himself so that he could remain standing.


 Eventually, after a hundred tries and incredible luck, he managed to kill the last three Gu Immortal enemies.


 “But I passed after all.”


 “Not bad, my sword path attainment level has reached grandmaster.”


 Fang Yuan inspected himself, he became quite happy.


 He had quite a number of sword path Immortal Gu, he only lacked sword path attainment level.


 This weakness was finally removed, in the future, his sword path battle strength would also rise greatly.


 After resting, Fang Yuan recovered fully and continued exploring dream realms.


 “This is likely a human path dream realm.”


 Fang Yuan’s desolate soul arrived in the next dream realm as he looked with anticipation.


 Extorting Southern Border’s righteous path was a correct choice. This gave Fang Yuan a large number of dream realms to explore.


 The value of these dream realms were extremely high to him.


 Because Fang Yuan did not lack resources, Immortal Gu, killer moves, or Immortal Gu recipes, he only lacked attainment level and actual experience.


 His desolate soul entered the dream realm.


 The world that he was seeing changed immediately.


 This was a battlefield.


 It was filled with smoke and dust, shouting and killing were all around him.


 “Clan leader, be careful!” Fang Yuan had just taken a look when someone shouted at him.


 Fang Yuan sensed something amiss, he quickly dodged.


 However, his body could not move as fast as his thoughts, an intense pain assaulted him.


 Fang Yuan fell onto the ground, looking at the hole on his chest, only half his heart was left.


 “This...” Fang Yuan was speechless, he shouted loudly: “Where is the healing Gu Master?”


 But no answer came.


 The world started to spin, it turned dark rapidly.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s desolate soul suffered heavy injuries as he was pushed out of the dream realm.


 Using guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s desolate soul recovered quickly, after resting, he entered the dream realm again.


 “Dodge!” Fang Yuan entered and immediately dodged.


 “Clan leader, be careful!” The Gu Master beside him shouted.


 Fang Yuan’s movements suddenly froze as he suffered a fatal hit again.


 The moment he fell to the ground, he realized: “The Gu Master who called out to me earlier is a spy. He used an information path method that pretends to alert me but is actually a mortal killer move that restrains my actions!”


 “There are no healing Gu Masters around me, with this spy around, I can only try to pass this using my own strength.”


 In the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s strength was greatly restricted, he could only use the abilities of the character within the dream.


 Originally, Fang Yuan did not want to do this, because he had too little time to react, he could not check the Gu worms that he had.


 Before he inspected them, he would definitely get killed.


 Fang Yuan could only accept his loss and try a third time.


 Plop!


 He died again.


 Back to reality, Fang Yuan was troubled: “How can this be? I can’t check my own aperture? How can I do anything without even knowing what Gu worms I have?”


 The dream realm restricted him, he could not inspect what Gu worms he had.


 Guess? That was unrealistic.


 Fang Yuan tried for a fourth time.


 Different from the previous two explorations, Fang Yuan used unravel dream this time.


 “Clan leader, be careful!” The Gu Master beside him shouted.


 Plop!


 Fang Yuan suffered a fatal blow, he fell on the ground.


 “Clan leader!”


 “Impossible, lord clan leader has justice Gu on him, how could he be defeated so easily?!”


 The traitor shouted beside him.


 After the exploration failed, Fang Yuan’s desolate soul was thrown out of the dream realm again.


 “Immortal killer move unravel dream only gave me one hint.”


 “The traitor spoke an extra sentence, pointing out that I have justice Gu.”


 “Then let’s use it.”


 During Fang Yuan’s fifth exploration, at the crucial moment, he used justice Gu.


 “Clan leader, be careful!” The traitor screamed.


 Fang Yuan’s dodging movement froze again.


 Justice Gu!


 Piercing white light burst out of Fang Yuan’s body, his speed went back to normal as he dodged the fatal blow.


 “Huff! I succeeded.” Fang Yuan rolled on the battlefield as he quickly looked around, assessing the area.


 This was a village.


 Everywhere, there was rubble and corpses lying on the ground.


 “The conflict between two clans? This is already at the step of exterminating a clan.”


 But Fang Yuan found that he was not the victim, he was the invader, his side had the absolute advantage.


 “This is a mortal level fight and I am the clan leader, by just leading these Gu Masters, we can win.” Fang Yuan had a calm and composed mood.


 “But is the condition for clearing this dream realm winning the battle? Let’s try.”


 After that, Fang Yuan was joyful to find out that his aperture could be inspected again.


 The dream realm character had rank five cultivation level and many mortal Gu, there were five to six rank four Gu, and one rank five Gu which was justice Gu.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood as he smiled: “With these Gu worms, I can settle this myself.”


 Be it leading the troops or fighting personally to obtain victory, it was extremely easy for Fang Yuan.


 “Lord clan leader!” At this time, the traitor appeared, showing a concerned expression.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “I will kill this traitor first!”


 He attacked immediately, killing the traitor with one killer move.


 “Clan leader, what are you doing?”


 “The vice clan leader is dead, the clan leader killed him!”


 “I was right after all, Chen clan is trying to take down our Shan clan.”


 “Rebel! Rebel! Let’s take revenge for Lord Shan!”


 Fang Yuan was shocked, he killed the traitor but half of the Gu Masters started to rebel and attack.


 The scene fell into chaos, a three-way battle started.


 Fang Yuan noticed that this was bad: “I have rank five justice Gu, it can give me great strength. With my strength, I can still win and kill all opposition. But... this traitor should not have been dealt with this casually.”


 As expected, even though Fang Yuan won, there were only a few Gu Masters left standing on the battlefield.


 Corpses and broken body parts were everywhere, blood flowed like a river.


 The world dissipated as Fang Yuan’s desolate soul was thrown out again.


 But this time, he did not suffer much injuries.


 This result made Fang Yuan gain a deeper guess: “This means that victory is indeed the condition to pass the first scene. However, the type of victory is crucial. If the losses are too high, I will not be able to pass it.”


 Fang Yuan entered the dream realm again with newfound knowledge.


 This time, he tolerated the existence of the traitor, he went as the vanguard and used justice Gu along with many killer moves to slaughter the enemies, obtaining a perfect victory!


 “Lord clan leader is so courageous!”


 “We have won, we are victorious!”


 “Nie clan has finally been exterminated. Hahaha.”


 Amidst a wave of fun and laughter, the dream realm entered the second scene.


 Within the hall, bright lights were shining. There were delicious food and wine on the table, dozens of Gu Masters were gathered here as they enjoyed a luxurious feast.


 Fang Yuan found that he was sitting beside the main seat, towards his left was Chen clan leader, who was sitting at the main seat.


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan was shocked: “In the previous scene, I was in the role of Chen clan leader, but this time, I actually became the traitor vice clan leader?”


 Fang Yuan was seeing this for the first time, he did not know whether to laugh or cry.


 However, he soon thought: “No wonder I could not kill the traitor in the first scene. Because he is the next character that I should portray, now then, how do I pass this?”


 Fang Yuan looked at the situation with cold eyes.


 Chen clan leader drank a huge mouthful of wine as he placed down the empty wine cup, sighing: “We finally won! Brother, to speak the truth, I have finally relaxed only now. When I heard that Nie clan was planning to destroy the mountain, I could not sleep at all. They were unable to compete with the alliance of our two clans, so they created such a vicious plan, it was truly evil. Thankfully, heaven is not blind, they got what they deserved, these people died because of just deserts.”


 Fang Yuan did not know what to say.


 This Chen clan leader was ignorant, he had not realized the ill intentions of this vice clan leader.


 But it was not surprising.


 During the first scene, even though the vice clan leader used an information path method, he disguised it as a warning of concern, there were no traces left behind, it was truly hard to notice.


 Fang Yuan had a sharp sense because he was a Gu Immortal, he realized the vice clan leader’s vicious scheme.


 When he tried to kill the traitor in the first scene, a rebellion occurred.


 “Wait, even if the vice clan leader’s members see him getting killed, they would not act so united, right?”


 “There has to be some people who are hesitant during the chaos.”


 “But these people rebelled in unity, after the vice clan leader was killed, they acted together and took revenge on the Chen clan members without holding back.”


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a flash of inspiration, he understood: “So that means that the vice clan leader’s intentions to harm Chen clan leader is not his own plan, it is the collective plan of the entire Shan clan.”


 Fang Yuan thought of this as Chen clan leader’s expression suddenly changed, he held his stomach as he stood up, taking several steps back: “This wine... is poisoned!”



***
Chapter 1820 - No Justice in Heaven and Earth


***





 



 “The wine is poisoned!” Chen clan leader’s body shook as he looked at Fang Yuan angrily: “Vice clan leader Shan, this is your wine, what are you trying to do?!”


 This was a sudden change of events, Fang Yuan was slightly dazed.


 But before he said anything, the Gu Master beside him stood up and chuckled: “What are we doing? We are killing you, we are eliminating the Chen clan members. Throughout history, this mountain has belonged to Shan clan, be it Chen clan or Nie clan, you two were initially servants of my clan!”


 “You are bullshitting! This was my Chen clan’s mountain to begin with, our ancestors were kind and took in both of your clans after you were forced to vacate your destroyed mountain.” Chen clan’s Gu Master rebuked in a loud voice.


 The Shan clan Gu Master who spoke continued in a cold voice: “Shameless servant, there is no point in talking. It is too late now, your clan leader has already drunk this poisoned wine, we created this using woman’s heart Gu, it counters your clan leader’s justice Gu. Without your clan leader, how can you Chen clan members resist our Shan clan?”


 Chen clan’s Gu Masters turned pale as they realized the problem now.


 Fang Yuan was dazed again, he turned around and asked the Shan clan Gu Master beside him: “Who told you that woman’s heart Gu can create a poisonous wine that counters justice Gu?”


 The Shan clan Gu Master was the vice clan leader’s aide, he was stunned as he asked in a stupefied tone: “What? Lord, didn’t you tell me that yourself?”


 “What?!” Fang Yuan was speechless.


 Boom!


 Chen clan leader burst out with a blinding white light, the paleness and anger vanished on his face as his expression turned solemn.


 He stared with furious eyes towards Fang Yuan, he shouted in a heroic tone: “Shan Xing! You unscrupulous scoundrel! You dared to use this vile scheme on me, I was wrong about you, I had misjudged your personality, I had actually thought that you were willing to sacrifice yourself for the big picture and hand the role of clan leader to me. So you were always afraid of justice Gu and my strength, which was why you chose to conceal your ambitions.”


 Fang Yuan felt a sharp headache as he thought rapidly: “Chen clan’s leader has rank five cultivation level, I am only rank four now, my Gu worms are also weaker than him, if we fought, I will not be Chen clan leader’s match.”


 The aide beside him screamed in fear: “What, what is going on? He drank the poisoned wine but justice Gu is still working! Lord Shan Xing, didn’t you say...”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly instantly, he thought of the solution to this.


 Indeed, as long as justice Gu stopped working, Chen clan’s leader would be poisoned, his strength would fall, he would not be an impossible opponent.


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan died from the attacks of Chen clan’s leader but he carried a faint smile.


 The second attempt at the dream realm.


 Within the hall, bright lights were shining. There were delicious food and wine on the table, dozens of Gu Masters were gathered here as they enjoyed a luxurious feast.


 Chen clan leader drank a huge mouthful of wine as he placed down the empty wine cup, sighing: “We finally won! Brother, to speak the truth, I have finally relaxed only now. When I heard that Nie clan was planning to destroy the mountain, I could not sleep at all. They were unable to compete with the alliance of our two clans, so they created such a vicious plan, it was truly evil. Thankfully, heaven is not blind, they got what they deserved, these people died because of just deserts.”


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, saying lightly: “There is a reason behind this. Nie clan did not come up with such a vicious plan, I was the one who arranged it and deceived you. The people you killed were all innocent.”


 “What?!” Chen clan leader was completely shocked, he looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief: “Brother Shan, did you drink too much? What nonsense are you spouting!”


 Fang Yuan looked at Chen clan leader with an eerie gaze: “You are too naive, you were kept in the dark all along. You are a cold blooded murderer, how many innocent people have you killed? Your hands are filled with blood, your justice is just a facade. You are a brute and a fool, also, you drank too much.”


 “What?! You poisoned the wine?” Chen clan’s leader held his stomach in shock as he fell to the ground.


 Chen clan’s Gu Masters were shocked and fearful, while Shan clan’s Gu Masters were ready and attacked immediately.


 Chen clan’s leader wanted to put up resistance but he could only watch helplessly.


 Fang Yuan’s aide shouted excitedly: “The wine was effective after all, Chen clan leader’s justice Gu has been neutralized.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to roll his eyes.


 To activate justice Gu, other than primeval essence, the Gu Master also needed to believe that they were on the side of justice.


 Fang Yuan’s words made Chen clan’s leader enter a chaotic state, he suspected himself and felt incredibly ashamed, he could not activate justice Gu anymore.


 The battle erupted and ended quickly.


 Shan clan came prepared, all of the Chen clan members, from clan leader to clan members, were all dealt with.


 When the hall returned to quietness, Chen clan’s Gu Masters were either dead or injured, those who were alive were captured.


 The second scene was passed.


 During the third scene.


 Fang Yuan was inside a cell, the only cell mate he had was that Chen clan leader.


 He was covered in injuries, his vitality was weak, his face was pale, his eyes were dyed in a purple-dark color, he was deeply poisoned.


 Fang Yuan looked at his injuries, he had obviously been interrogated and was on the verge of death.


 Even so, the four limbs and neck of Chen clan’s leader were chained up, he was lying on the ground, barely breathing.


 “What is this situation?” Fang Yuan looked at himself, speechless. He was also chained up, his body was old and weak, he was thin like a twig, he was in about the same state as Chen clan’s leader.


 Even though he had a rank four aperture, it was already destroyed, he had no Gu worms either.


 “What am I supposed to do? I am not the traitor vice clan leader but another person now. Hmm... right now, other than me, only this guy is in the cell. I guess I need to talk to him to find out.” Fang Yuan laughed to himself and wanted to speak but Chen clan’s leader spoke in advance: “No need to mock me, father.”


 “Father?!” Fang Yuan was surprised, he was acting as the father of Chen clan’s leader? Then why was he locked up here? Looking at the situation, he had been kept here for a long time, he was not a new entrant like this Chen clan leader.


 Chen clan’s leader continued: “Father, I was the one who defeated you and locked you in here. But I have never regretted it! You were corrupt, the evidence was clear, you were neither impartial nor fair, you were not fit to be Chen clan’s leader. According to the rules, you deserved this punishment.”


 “So you are the snitch.” Fang Yuan quipped.


 Chen clan leader added: “Similarly, I do not regret my current situation, I deserved this! I killed so many innocent people, my hands are stained with the blood of Nie clan’s members. I deserve death!”


 “Hehehe.” Chen clan’s leader laughed pitifully: “Shan clan wants to force me to hand over justice Gu, but what can they do? Their screaming, the sound of their whipping, the sound of hot iron scalding my flesh, all these sounds are like the cries of anguish and injustice of Nie clan’s members.”


 “I would rather they whip me more and let me suffer more pain! But this cannot atone for my sins! It cannot undo my mistakes! I want to die, just let me die! I deserve this.”


 “Ah!”


 Chen clan’s leader grunted as he shook, he had died.


 His death alerted the guard, soon, Shan Xing who had taken his position arrived.


 “Damn it! We can’t get justice Gu now.” Shan Xing was furious, he gritted his teeth.


 Suddenly, he turned around and looked at Fang Yuan with rage: “Old timer, didn’t we agree that you would urge your son to hand it over! What did you do? You are useless, go join your son!”


 Crack.


 Shan Xing said this as he acted, chopping off Fang Yuan’s head.


 The exploration failed, Fang Yuan’s desolate soul was chased out of the dream realm again.


 This time, Fang Yuan rested for a long time.


 The third scene was the final scene, Fang Yuan’s exploration failed, his desolate soul suffered huge injuries.


 While recovering, he thought about it: “In the third scene, I am Chen clan leader’s father but I am crippled, there is no hope in escaping with my strength.”


 “The key to this should be Chen clan’s leader.”


 “Then, what is the condition for passing the third dream realm?”


 Fang Yuan had a lot of experience in dream realms now, he was the number one person in the world. This question did not stump him for long, he soon understood.


 “The first two dream realm scenes have different identities but the conditions were the same. That was to satisfy the needs of the character.”


 “In the first scene, I was the Chen clan leader, I needed to obtain victory with my clansmen, and it needed to be a beautiful victory without much losses.”


 “In the second scene, I was the vice clan leader Shan Xing, I needed to succeed in my scheme and suppress his justice Gu.”


 “And now in the third scene, I am Chen clan leader’s father, my son locked me up in the prison cell for a long time, I want to regain freedom. Thus, I chose to work with Shan Xing to get my son to hand over justice Gu, so that I can be free.”


 Fang Yuan entered the dream again.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly.


 Chen clan leader spoke in advance: “No need to mock me, father.”


 “You are my son, isn’t mocking you like mocking myself for failing to raise you well? I simply regret it, I sacrificed myself for your sake, I wanted your justice to lead Chen clan towards glory and prosperity, but to think that you would become a prisoner that does not even believe himself. I was wrong about you, had I known this, I would not have created fake evidence of my corruption.” Fang Yuan said.


 Chen clan leader was dazed, he was curious: “Father, what do you mean?”


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly but did not speak.


 Chen clan leader shook his head: “No father, you were corrupt, the evidence was there, how could it be fake?”


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly again: “You think it is real, so it has to be real? Then what about Nie clan’s matter?”


 Chen clan leader was lost for words.


 Fang Yuan continued: “I pretended to not care for you but I was secretly nurturing you with great effort. To use justice Gu, the Gu Master needs to believe firmly in his own justice. Because you were too young, and your understanding of justice was too superficial, I had to do this and sacrifice myself so that you would understand your justice.”


 “Father, speak clearly, what was the truth back then?”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Is the truth really that important?”


 Chen clan’s leader did not hesitate, he answered immediately: “Of course! Without the truth, how can there be justice?”


 “That is why I said your understanding was too superficial. Is justice closely related to the truth?” Fang Yuan said slowly: “Let me ask you, when you slaughtered Nie clan, was it an act of justice? Even if they really had a plan to destroy our mountain, from their perspective: You are a murderer trying to slaughter their whole clan, by resisting you and defending their homes and family, wasn’t that justice too?”


 “This...” Chen clan’s leader pondered.


 “The enemy of an enemy is a friend. From their perspective, the so-called plan to destroy the mountain was just a form of deterrence, they were afraid that our Chen clan and Shan clan would ally. But in the end, even though you wiped them out, they did not destroy the mountain, right?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Chen clan’s leader was silent.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I see you realized their side of justice too. You triggered the battle, slaughtering the enemies and also causing deaths and injuries to our clansmen, you thought that it was an act of justice, was that wrong? You were afraid that they would destroy the mountain’s foundation, in that case, it would collapse as the spirit spring vanishes, lives would be lost and homes would be destroyed, you were thinking for your clan, you eliminated the problem in advance, that was not wrong. It was also a form of justice.”


 “Now look, both sides had their own perspective of justice, right?”


 Chen clan’s leader fell into deep thought.


 He had never considered this problem before.


 Fang Yuan observed his expression as he said: “Let me ask you, is it justice that a sheep eats grass?”


 “This... how can that be a form of justice?” Chen clan’s leader was dazed.


 “From the sheep’s perspective, without grass, there would be no food, it would starve to death, it had to eat grass. But from the perspective of the grass, it had worked so hard to stay alive, getting out of the soil and growing larger to get more rain and sunlight. It worked so hard but the sheep decided to eat it, even uprooting and devouring everything the grass had, without any hope for survival. Isn’t the grass an innocent victim? Isn’t it pitiful?


 Chen clan’s leader shook his head: “Isn’t sheep eating grass just a natural thing? I have never pitied the grass because this is how the world is meant to be.”


 “Precisely.” Fang Yuan nodded: “The truth of this world is the law of the jungle, big fish eats small fish, and small fish eats shrimp, this is what nature entails. What crime can there be? There is no such thing as justice here. Sheep eats grass, humans eat sheep, that has nothing to do with justice, it is just for survival.”


 “There is no such thing as justice in heaven and earth, there is only justice made by humanity.”


 “Since time immemorial, humans had to unite to gain strength for the sake of survival, in order to live in this cruel world!”


 “Then, how can humans become united?”


 “Through organizations, through law, and through morals.”


 “We organize clans or sects, distributing work according to an individual’s ability. We use laws to restrain people, to tell people what they cannot do. We use morals to provide direction, to encourage people to do certain things. Mothers are doting and children are filial, neighbors live in harmony, they all follow the rule of justice and morals. Be it intentionally or unintentionally, from the start of time, any organization would always promote this, because organizations follow their own survival instincts.”


 “Or rather, the organizations with comprehensive laws, realistic morals, and proper class systems find it easier to survive. After a long time passes, this becomes the norm of society for the future generations.”


 Chen clan leader was tongue-tied, he was completely stunned by Fang Yuan’s words.


 He had never considered this.


 He knew that justice was good, but he did not know why.


 He knew that morals were good, but he did not know why.


 And now, Fang Yuan told him the answer, justice and morals were man-made creations. This could be either a conscious or a subconscious creation, people follow these guidelines and allow themselves to survive better in a hostile environment, they can stay united as a group for a long time.


 Fang Yuan concluded: “When you understand the core meaning of justice, you will know — this so-called justice is like iron armor, it is a human tool. When you wear it, you need to use it like a tool. But look at you now, this iron armor has become your chain, it is binding you down.”


 Chen clan leader looked at Fang Yuan in a daze, he did not speak.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “The truth and justice, are they really related? What is the truth behind Nie clan, what is the truth behind my corruption? What does this have to do with justice? Son, you must understand, your justice is just a tool, you must make use of it, do not get restrained by it.”


 Chen clan’s leader was silent for a long time, after a while, he said in a hoarse voice: “Father, I understand now.”


 Saying so, a white light burst out of his body, it was dazzling and bright, filling the entire surroundings.


 This dream realm faded into nothingness amidst the sharp light.


 Fang Yuan’s desolate soul returned to reality.


 The dream realm exploration succeeded.


 “I guessed correctly.”


 “The father and son were both clan leaders of Chen clan, they hate Shan clan’s action. If I help Shan Xing and Chen clan’s leader hands over the Gu, even if I regain freedom, I would not pass the final scene. At most, I would be chased out without injuries.”


 “Only by teaching Chen clan’s leader and resolving his guilt can I make him use justice Gu once more to break out of this prison. That is the condition to clearing the final scene.”


 “This dream realm is quite interesting.”


 “Oh? I advanced to human path grandmaster.” Fang Yuan inspected himself and smiled plainly.



***
Chapter 1821 - Gaining Heaven Form Again


***





 



 “Heavenly Court...” Qin Ding Ling stood on Heaven Overseeing Tower as she looked at the scenery of Heavenly Court, showing a look of nostalgia.


 A long time later, she sighed softly: “Even though the changes are huge, I can still vaguely remember the scenery of three hundred thousand years ago in my memories.”


 Beside her stood Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a reverent expression.


 This senior female immortal here could not compare to Duke Long’s seniority, but she had a huge background as well.


 She was originally a certain generation’s first supreme elder of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, Heaven’s Envy Manor, the day before she was going to become a member of Heavenly Court, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made one declaration and she was forced to be his concubine.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable collected a harem and had many concubine palaces, they were present in Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert, Eastern Sea, and Central Continent.


 Qin Ding Ling was the immortal empress of Central Continent’s concubine palace in her time!


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died, Qin Ding Ling vanished mysteriously, but to think that she would appear a few days ago.


 “Senior Qin Ding Ling’s identity is not false, but according to history, she cultivated metal path, why did she transform into a luck path Gu Immortal?” Fairy Zi Wei had questions in her mind.


 At this time, Qin Ding Ling suddenly turned around, there was a sharp light in her gaze that could see through worldly affairs.


 She was not a beauty in the most traditional sense, even though her nose bridge was tall, the tip of her nose was a little sharp, her lips were thin and her eyes were thin and long. However, when blended together, she had a unique sense of beauty, her appearance would be deeply engraved into people’s hearts when they see her.


 She was taller than normal people, her shoulders were broad, she stood straight and had a heroic aura. She wore a huge cape on her back that extended from her shoulders to the ground.


 The cape was made of a special material, it seemed to be made from pieces of golden armor, when put together, from time to time, golden light would flow along the cape in thin waves.


 The broad cape emphasized the beauty of her majestic body. Especially her long legs, they were also covered in armor that were black and golden in color.


 She had outstanding presence, she was like a born royalty that ruled above the common man. When she looked at people, because of her height, she often had to look down. She had an authoritative aura that was fermented naturally within her, people would lower their heads and not dare to look at her directly, it was as if they could only look at her feet in order to not offend her.


 Qin Ding Ling spoke lightly: “Fairy Zi Wei, I know the questions you have. The truth is, I had intentionally gone missing. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was invincible in the world, he controlled the entire era, nobody could resist him. Thankfully, he was not a Demon Venerable, even though I was forced to be his immortal empress, I also had my own objectives, that was to learn the profundity of luck path from him.”


 “After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died, I gained a lot of insight, I decided to abandon metal path and cultivate luck path. But I already had rank eight cultivation level back then, the risks were too great if I were to cultivate luck path. I gained the help of Heavenly Court and obtained a chance to hibernate. I also abandoned all of my metal path dao marks and turned them into a metal coffin in which I was buried deep within the earth vein, entering closed cultivation to comprehend luck path.”


 “This slumber continued for three hundred thousand years, when I woke up, the world had already changed beyond my comprehension.”


 Qin Ding Ling’s tone was filled with deep emotions.


 Three hundred thousand years later, everything had changed.


 The huge shadow cast down upon her, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, had died long ago.


 After him, there were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 Right now, the world was facing the wave of the great era, all sorts of prophecies and signs showed that a supreme venerable was going to appear.


 “So that’s it.” Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air, joy was expressed on her face: “Senior, you came at the perfect timing. I must admit fault for this, Heavenly Court failed time and time again. One of the reasons for this was our weakness in luck path, we were restrained and often lost to that demon.”


 Qin Ding Ling nodded: “I’ve seen the information, to think that a demon like Fang Yuan emerged. This is very rare even in human history. However, don’t think too lowly of yourself, your decisions were not wrong, it was just that the enemy is too crafty and has multiple venerable inheritances. Especially the latter, it made Fang Yuan extremely hard to deal with.”


 “I am afraid that the reason I woke up this time is also most likely to deal with Fang Yuan.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was surprised: “What does senior mean by that?”


 Qin Ding Ling smiled with deep meaning: “Fairy Zi Wei, there is profundity in my awakening. Let me ask you, who woke me up?”


 “It was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.”


 “Exactly.” Qin Ding Ling said slowly: “The otherworldly demon does not exist within fate, it is an anomaly of the world. Heaven’s will tried to use this pawn against Spectral Soul’s heaven defying attempt, it naturally created a way to restrain the otherworldly demon too. Like how the antidote for a venomous snake often exists near it, Gu Yue Fang Zheng is the safety measure that the Heavenly Dao created against Fang Yuan.”


 As she said this, Qin Ding Ling looked at Fairy Zi Wei with an expression of praise: “You know little about luck path, but you managed to deduce this and nurtured Fang Zheng to become an immortal, it was not easy.”


 “I do not deserve this praise, this junior was only doing her best to defend Heavenly Court, and protect the righteousness of humanity.”


 “Hahaha, well said, this is the spirit of Heavenly Court, even after three hundred thousand years, it has not changed!”


 Qin Ding Ling chuckled as she continued saying with happiness: “The otherworldly demon Fang Yuan is an uncertain variable, Gu Yue Fang Zheng is the key to restraining him, he will change as Fang Yuan changes. Spectral Soul failed to defy heaven, while Fang Yuan escaped from the control of heaven’s will. He is becoming stronger, he has no weaknesses and is growing extremely quickly at a shocking pace, even Heavenly Court is without options against him. Thus, to mend this problem, Fang Zheng woke me up and caused me to interfere in this world again.”


 “Fate is constant while luck is a variable, the higher the cultivation level and strength of the Gu Immortal, the stronger and grander their luck will be. This is because every thought and action of theirs can cause great changes in the surroundings. Fang Yuan has incredibly strong luck, but you nurtured Fang Zheng and made him an immortal, this caused him to exert enough influence to wake me up and resist Fang Yuan’s current advantage. In the future, I am sure that similar situations will continue to occur, this demon Fang Yuan will not be free for long.”


 At this point, Qin Ding Ling instructed Fairy Zi Wei: “You need to continue putting in resources to nurture Fang Zheng and ensure his safety. As long as we have him, we can follow the arrangements of heaven’s will, we will achieve success with less effort.”


 “Junior understands.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined with bright light.


 All along, she had not made much progress in dealing with Fang Yuan, that was because he was too crafty and well defended, Fairy Zi Wei could not deduce his whereabouts.


 Fairy Zi Wei knew the purpose of Gu Yue Fang Zheng but she did not place emphasis on him, she believed in her and Heavenly Court’s strength, her arrangements regarding Fang Zheng were just a supplementary move.


 But after getting Qin Ding Ling’s alert, Fairy Zi Wei understood that Gu Yue Fang Zheng was the most useful pawn in dealing with Fang Yuan!


 Right after she nurtured Fang Zheng to become an immortal, a good result had already occurred — Qin Ding Ling awakened.


 As long as she continued investing in him, more people similar to Qin Ding Ling would show up.


 “The stronger Fang Zheng becomes, the grander his luck will be, and the more variables he will be able to create. These are all the arrangements of heaven’s will, specially used to counter Fang Yuan.”


 “In that case, we will focus on Fang Zheng, with Heavenly Court supporting him fully.”


 Fairy Zi Wei grasped the situation with great clarity, she immediately changed her tactic to the most suitable one.


 “Oh, one more thing. I have many incomplete Immortal Gu recipes here, I had secretly obtained them by probing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in the past. These recipes have to do with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path Immortal Gu, I need you to complete them and refine them.” Qin Ding Ling took out an information path Gu worm.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly received it with both hands: “I will do my best to deduce them, please rest assured, senior!”


 Immemorial white heaven, Five Xiangs grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan had been cultivating here recently.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Thought Sword Waterfall!


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, a grand waterfall appeared inside heaven form killer move, the silver waterfall was majestic and vast, it slammed into the wills that were stored up at the bottom of heaven form.


 Each drop of water in this waterfall was a thought, it had the appearance of a sword.


 The waterfall crashed down and instantly created a huge crevice, decimating a large amount of wills.


 After a few breaths of time, the waterfall vanished, a lake appeared within the land of wills, within the lake was a pool of sword thoughts.


 Immortal killer move — Swordsman!


 Fang Yuan willed as he activated another move.


 Once this move was activated, the lake water started to bubble like it was boiling, next, warriors jumped out of the lake one by one. They all had Fang Yuan’s appearance and held longswords in their hands, they hacked and slashed at the lingering wills, each attack caused cracks to form on the collective wills.


 These two moves had outstanding origins, Fang Yuan had created them as compound killer moves.


 Myriad thought sword waterfall used wisdom sword Immortal Gu as the core, it contained sword path, it was more effective on these wills compared to using wisdom sword Immortal Gu alone.


 Meanwhile, the killer move swordsman contained sword path and human path, Fang Yuan had successfully created it recently after becoming a human path grandmaster.


 Two hours later.


 Suddenly, the loud cry of a crane filled the entire Five Xiangs grotto-heaven.


 The white crane which was sleeping had been awakened from its dreams, it stretched its body and flapped its wings, it was very elegant.


 “I finally grasped control of heaven form again!”


 “Haha, I spent less than half the time compared to the previous life.”


 “It is time to move out and find Beast Calamity grotto-heaven and Profound Literature grotto-heaven.”


 Fang Yuan smiled as bright light shined in his eyes.


 Good events came in succession, he obtained a report from Lang Ya land spirit: Another rank six luck path Immortal Gu had been successfully refined.


 Fang Yuan had not obtained regret Gu yet, he did not want to do a mass refinement to raise the rank of his current Immortal Gu for now.


 But he extorted the Southern Border righteous path and obtained lots of luck path immortal materials, he had been trying to refine these luck path Immortal Gu for the current period of time!


 Immortal Gu were unique, once he refines them, others would not be able to.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had already developed to a certain extent, Fang Yuan was affluent enough to feed mere rank six Immortal Gu with no problems!



***
Chapter 1822 - Using Soul Replacement Twice


***





 Chapter 1822 Using Soul Replacement Twice


 “According to my memories, it should be around here.” Fang Yuan stopped at a certain location in immemorial white heaven.


 There was nothing here, but according to the memories of Fang Yuan’s previous life, he knew that Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was right here.


 The grotto-heaven’s entrance was closed and hidden in empty space, it could not be seen with the naked eye. Fang Yuan had used heaven form in the previous life to discover the existence of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven. It was not as troublesome this time, he could directly locate it.


 “Go, heaven form.” Fang Yuan willed.


 Heaven form was a one-legged crane that was covered in snow-white feathers which had no dust or dirt, it had a long beak that was red in color.


 After it flew out, it flew round and round the empty space nearby.


 As it moved, information from heaven form went to the depths of Fang Yuan’s mind.


 These were all information regarding Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan soon learned about the details of the inside world.


 “Even though I successfully annexed this grotto-heaven in the previous life, I came at a slightly different time in this life, some unexpected mishaps might occur. If Heavenly Court has some arrangements inside and I go right in, there would be huge problems.”


 Fang Yuan acted vigilantly, after investigating it for a long time, he confirmed that Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was still an isolated world that did not interact with the outside world.


 He relaxed at long last as he activated a killer move that he had prepared for a long time.


 After some effort, the killer move was completed, Fang Yuan spat out lightly from his mouth.


 A grey soul ball shot into the grotto-heaven at lightning speed. It was so fast that it vanished without a trace, as if all that happened was an illusion.


 After the grey soul ball entered Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it quickly descended.


 Any living being that entered Beast Calamity grotto-heaven would be affected by the myriad beings assimilation transformation killer move that was in the grotto-heaven, they would be turned into a beast calamity.


 The last time Fang Yuan attacked, he had met with this issue as he turned into Bull-headed Demon God, he slaughtered countless beings and caused a river of blood to flow, corpses lay on the ground everywhere. Even though he was invincible and rampaged unhindered, he only managed to snatch the Beast Calamity inheritance, he did not gain the acknowledgement of the qilin heavenly spirit, he managed to use myriad beings assimilation transformation with difficulty, but obtained no Immortal Gu, it was merely half an inheritance.


 After that, because of the battle in Eastern Sea over Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan stopped his plans here and went to Eastern Sea, but gained nothing.


 Eventually, he had to come here and change his tactics, he annexed the entire Beast Calamity grotto-heaven after subduing it.


 All these incidents made his efficiency very low, Fang Yuan wasted lots of time and effort, the Beast Calamity grotto-heaven that he obtained was also heavily damaged by himself, he killed almost all of the Gu Immortals inside the grotto-heaven.


 That would not do!


 Fang Yuan decided to change his tactics against Beast Calamity grotto-heaven this time. He wanted to preserve it at its full strength, he wanted to gather all of the Gu Immortals here and place them in his sovereign immortal aperture to increase the scale of his subordinates.


 The grey soul ball descended rapidly in the sky.


 Myriad beings assimilation transformation started to exert its influence on the soul ball, but it had all sorts of transformation path dao marks on its surface.


 The number of transformation path dao marks continued to be expended as it resisted the power of myriad beings assimilation transformation, maintaining the soul ball’s shape.


 Fang Yuan was outside, using heaven form to observe this.


 The grey soul ball had limited time, it could not be replenished after leaving Fang Yuan. Even though it had a lot of transformation path dao marks to resist myriad beings assimilation transformation, the expenditure was heavy, it would be destroyed after some time.


 If not for the transformation path dao marks protecting it, the grey soul ball would be transformed into a beast calamity due to the power of myriad beings assimilation transformation.


 It would likely become an ancient soul beast.


 By then, not only would he be exposed, he would also be attacked by the alerted Gu Immortals.


 In that case, Fang Yuan’s plans would end in failure.


 But thankfully. Fang Yuan had planned this meticulously.


 Soon, the soul ball reached the ground, it sneaked into a bustling city.


 It roamed in the alleys, hiding in the dark corners as it moved rapidly like a fish in water.


 “Beat, beat him up harshly!”


 Boom boom boom.


 In a small alley, a few rich youngsters were beating up a poor kid of their own age.


 The poor lad wore a thin shirt, he was covered in wounds everywhere.


 He was already beaten to a pulp, he could not resist, he had to bend down and hold his head, shrinking into a ball.


 Eventually, he fainted from the assault.


 Seeing this, the rich young masters quickly stopped.


 “Don’t tell me we killed him?”


 “No, no, that’s too scary!”


 “This lad is so weak.”


 “How dare this lad get close to Lin clan’s young miss, he did not even heed the warning of young master Lin, hmph he deserves it even if he dies!”


 The youngsters walked away with smug expressions, feeling agitated.


 “Good chance, my luck is quite good!” The grey soul ball arrived just in time as ripples appeared on the surface.


 This good luck was not a coincidence, it was influenced by Fang Yuan’s own luck.


 Seeing that there was nobody around, the grey soul ball did not hesitate, it entered the chest of the poor lad and enveloped his soul entirely.


 The young man had a weak soul, he was resisting instinctively.


 But Fang Yuan’s grey soul ball was a portion of his desolate soul, it was incredibly powerful, how could a mortal soul defend against it?


 In almost an instant, the young man’s soul was destroyed by the grey soul ball entirely.


 The grey soul ball expanded rapidly, turning into the young man’s appearance. It occupied the young man’s body and controlled his mind, taking over and becoming a native person.


 “From today onwards, I am the young lad, Zhan Bu Du[1].”


 That’s right, this grey soul ball was none other than the soul path killer move — Soul Replacement.


 In the past, Shadow Sect had used this move to successfully plant spies in Lang Ya blessed land. Until now, the traitor Sixth Hair was still alive.


 The grey soul ball originated from Fang Yuan’s desolate soul, it could not be detected by land spirits or heavenly spirits.


 This was the specialty of soul replacement.


 If not for this, Lang Ya land spirit would have discovered the secret of Shadow Sect’s spies long ago.


 And Fang Yuan had modified soul replacement on that foundation, adding in many transformation path Immortal Gu to supplement it.


 Thus, the grey soul ball had transformation path dao marks and could resist the influence of myriad beings assimilation transformation.


 “However, after soul replacement succeeded, all my actions will be observable by the heavenly spirit, I need to act with caution from now on.”


 “Thankfully, I have already destroyed the young lad’s soul and obtained his memories, I know everything about his life.”


 Even though the heavenly spirit was unlikely to place attention on this tiny area, who knows?


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s clone started his performance.


 The young man grunted as he opened his eyes, he had rage and helplessness on his face.


 “Damn it.” He climbed up with difficulty, because of his injuries, the intense pain made him gasp loudly.


 Eventually, he held onto the wall as support, walking out slowly.


 Fang Yuan’s main body observed for a while longer, seeing that this clone had adapted well without any accidents, he stopped heaven form and left.


 He rapidly arrived near Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 This information path grotto-heaven was quite troublesome to take down.


 Fang Yuan lacked information path attainment, while there was an information path rank eight Gu Immortal inside the grotto-heaven defending it.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan failed because of this rank eight Gu Immortal, he was stopped outside and could not get in.


 Like earlier, Fang Yuan investigated this place again.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven was also not a trap, it had not been affected by the ink effect, there were no negative changes for Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan instilled immortal essence and activated heaven form, creating a white light passage.


 “Such guts! Which vile fiend dares to invade my homeland?!” A vast and mighty voice resounded from within, speaking with righteousness.


 Next, an old man resembling a white robed scholar, possessing rank eight aura, showed up at the other end of the white light passage.


 “He came out after all.” Fang Yuan was not surprised, he opened a slit of the sovereign immortal aperture’s entrance, a large number of desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and immemorial desolate beasts were let out.


 Heaven form itself could not transport killer moves, once Fang Yuan uses any killer moves, the white light passage would break.


 But the white light passage could transport living beings, like how Fang Yuan had used it to invade Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 “Don’t even think about it!” The white robed old man shouted loudly, he used an information path offensive method to create a rain of written characters that slaughtered the beast groups.


 A few breaths of time later, the white light passage collapsed, an immemorial desolate beast was in a pitiful state as its head had just entered when the passage broke.


 Thus, its head was left in Profound Literature grotto-heaven while its body was outside.


 “No matter who you are, you will have to pay an unimaginable price to invade this place.” The white robed old man called out.


 Fang Yuan smiled nonchalantly.


 He went to another area and started to do the same thing.


 But similar to the previous life, the white robed old man arrived quickly, slaughtering the invading beast groups again.


 Fang Yuan changed several locations, but each attempt ended in failure.


 “No matter who you are, with me around, don’t think of succeeding!” The white robed old man had great morale.


 “Is that so?” Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he retreated.


 Within Profound Literature grotto-heaven, at a certain courtyard, a young male scholar looked at his reflection in the well water as he thought: “From today onwards, I am Li Xiao Bai[2].”


 [1] Trivia – This is the name of the MC in Mashin Hero Wataru, an old anime that was popular in China in the 1990s.


 [2] Trivia – Reference to the famous poet Li Bai. Xiao Bai also can be slang or shorthand for a couple of different things, like novice or a man who lives off a woman.



***
Chapter 1823 - Cooking Luck Po


***





 Chapter 1823 Cooking Luck Po


 Immemorial white heaven.


 Fang Yuan rode on spontaneous auspicious cloud as he flew in the sky.


 The heaven form white crane was following closely, circling around him.


 The killer move spontaneous auspicious cloud was obtained by Fang Yuan from Hei Fan grotto-heaven, after some modifications, he used it as a movement killer move.


 But the auspicious cloud did not follow Fang Yuan’s will, but moved according to the mystery of luck path.


 The route that the auspicious cloud moved was the one with the greatest luck.


 Spontaneous auspicious cloud and heaven form worked together very well, Fang Yuan had used this in his previous life to find Beast Calamity grotto-heaven and Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had already used soul replacement in both the grotto-heavens.


 After that, Fang Yuan waited for his clones to develop while he continued cultivating and gathering strength.


 His qi path killer moves were still in the process of familiarization, after intense practice, he could already use them to fight against rank eight Gu Immortals. But the trump card unlimited qi sea killer move was still quite foreign to Fang Yuan.


 Other than training killer moves, Fang Yuan’s main body also patrolled immemorial white heaven and used both spontaneous auspicious cloud and heaven form to attempt to find more grotto-heavens.


 But until now, Fang Yuan had found nothing.


 “Even though heaven form has a wide range, against this huge immemorial white heaven, it is just too tiny in comparison.”


 “But along this route, I had great gains, I obtained a lot of rank eight immortal materials.”


 “This is truly the best route for me, I was lucky all along the way, it was filled with surprises!”


 “Oh? My time path clone has obtained results from deduction?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light.


 His main body cultivated diligently but had no great gains, but after so much time spent on deductions, the time path clone obtained quite a good result.


 “Another Immortal Gu House’s deduction is completed! Very good!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he diverted some of his attention to his immortal aperture as he started assembling it.


 Immemorial white heaven was very dangerous with countless immemorial desolate beasts roaming around, there were even immemorial desolate beast groups occasionally. If ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals explored this place they would need to be vigilant. Some rank seven experts would also explore immemorial white heaven for cultivation resources occasionally, but they were all fearful and careful.


 However, Fang Yuan had spontaneous auspicious cloud, he only had good luck along the way. With the help of heaven form, he could detect any danger in advance, Fang Yuan was able to easily avoid them ahead of time.


 Iron wall Gu.


 This was a rank six metal path Gu worm, it was the size of an adult’s fist, heavy and resembling a rhinoceros beetle, but be it the head or back, it was squarish and straight, its body had almost no curves at all.


 Evidently, iron wall Gu was a defensive Gu worm, it had been taken from Lang Ya Sect’s inventory, used by Fang Yuan now to create his second Immortal Gu House.


 Once iron wall Gu was activated, a large number of mortal Gu followed.


 These mortal Gu were of various types, there were three thousand of them, among which fire path and metal path were the most numerous, they were all rank five Gu.


 Iron wall Gu was fixed at the center while the mortal Gu surrounded it as they moved like a wave.


 A wave of black light appeared among the mortal Gu like spreading ink, it enveloped all of the Gu worms as a black ball of light was created.


 The black ball floated in the sky, its surface was uneven as the Gu worms inside started to fly even faster now.


 After reaching a certain speed, the black ball became extremely smooth, there were no bumps anymore, it was completely round.


 At this point, Fang Yuan started to activate his fire path Immortal Gu.


 He activated three fire path Immortal Gu and a large number of mortal Gu, creating a flame.


 The flame had an intense scarlet color, coiling around the black ball as it burned continuously.


 An alluring fragrance started to spread, mortals who breathed it in would indulge in it and feel deep desires and imaginations that could not be stopped.


 After burning for many hours, the black ball turned into a golden ball of light on the surface, the black color earlier seemed to be soot that was removed by the flames.


 Fang Yuan maintained this golden ball of light as he stopped the flame, taking out water path and wisdom path Immortal Gu as he created a clear spring.


 The spring water doused the golden ball as sizzling sounds were heard, it was like red-hot iron submerged in water.


 But no steam was produced, all of the water had fused into the golden ball.


 The golden ball of light started to become slower in rotation, the Gu worms inside looked like tiny golden meteors that spun around endlessly.


 The pattern of their traces became more complicated and disorganized, it would make people feel dizzy when looking, but no collisions had taken place at all during this period.


 At this time, Fang Yuan took out his second supplementary Immortal Gu.


 Food path Immortal Gu — Cook.


 It looked like a giant water bug that was the size of a basin. It had a triangular head and short feelers, under its feelers were two compound eyes shining in golden light.


 Its body was flat and oval shaped, it was dark-red in color and had the sensation of touching sand, it was very warm.


 It had three pairs of legs, the front pair was the strongest, looking like two thick and powerful pincers.


 Immortal Gu Cook was obtained by Fang Yuan when he extorted the Southern Border righteous path.


 By now, Fang Yuan had already returned the bodies and souls of the Southern Border Gu Immortal captives, he started to exchange Immortal Gu with them.


 Fang Yuan spent an hour before he placed Immortal Gu Cook into the golden ball of light.


 The golden ball expanded by double its original size as a result.


 Fang Yuan was already covered in sweat, he had finally gotten past this hardest part of the first step.


 Assembling an Immortal Gu House was not easy, it was much more difficult than using normal killer moves. If it failed, the Gu Immortal would face a backlash, the Gu worms used would also be damaged or destroyed.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was extremely careful and vigilant.


 As he continued, Fang Yuan added Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Luck Inspection, Connect Luck, Time Luck, and his other luck path Immortal Gu into the ball.


 His luck path attainment level was master, while formation path was grandmaster, he already had intuition.


 Thus, during the process of assembling it, if any bad feelings emerged, Fang Yuan would pay close attention to them and make appropriate adjustments.


 The most important thing was that his method of assembling the Immortal Gu House was deduced by the time path clone using the light of wisdom, it was very exemplary.


 Half a month later in the sovereign immortal aperture’s time, Fang Yuan succeeded.


 The golden light ball exploded as a brand new Immortal Gu House was formed.


 Different from Myriad Year Flying Warship, this Immortal Gu House was smaller and had the size of a regular bowl.


 It was shining in golden light, it was covered in a pure white light, sacred and royal.


 It was a pot, the pot’s rim was about a thumb’s thickness, the internal space was large but there was nothing inside now.


 Outside the pot, there were eight dragons, six were vivid and lively, while two were blurry and crude.


 These eight dragons were all at the base of the pot, coiling around each other and extending their claws to become the legs of this pot.


 The eight dragon tails pointed in eight different directions, towards the north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest.


 Each dragon claw was attached to the surface of the pot, the dragon bodies moved upwards as the dragon heads hung on the edge, looking inside. The dragon eyes were shut as if they were sleeping.


 Rank six Immortal Gu House — Cooking Luck Pot!


 Even though rank seven Immortal Gu like food path Immortal Gu Cook were used, the core luck path Immortal Gu were still rank six, thus this Immortal Gu House had a slightly lower rank. 

 This Immortal Gu House was within the records of Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan’s time path clone had improved upon and modified it. Evidently, this was a luck path Immortal Gu House.


 It could not carry Gu Immortals into battle, it was tiny and had another use.


 In fact, it was quite similar to Star Constellation Chessboard.


 Fang Yuan instilled his immortal essence as Cooking Luck Pot started to vibrate, it turned into a golden light and flew above Fang Yuan’s head, vanishing from sight.


 Even Fang Yuan could not see this Immortal Gu House with his naked eye, he had to use methods to verify its existence.


 It was quite easy to ‘see’ it. Fang Yuan willed as he instilled immortal essence, activating one of Cooking Luck Pot’s killer moves.


 Luck inspection!


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed rapidly, he saw that his luck was flowing into Cooking Luck Pot continuously.


 After a while, Cooking Luck Pot became filled with luck.


 “Luck inspection Immortal Gu is only rank six while I have rank eight cultivation level, just this Immortal Gu alone cannot inspect my luck.”


 “Cooking Luck Pot is only rank six, I can only see the luck inside this pot, but not the full extent of my luck.”


 Even so, Fang Yuan could still see a bit of his luck on the outside of the pot.


 There was a river-like luck with clear and bright water, it seemed like a miniature River of Time, it was most connected to Fang Yuan. One end of the river extended into the pot while the other merged into empty space.


 This was the luck of Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 The time path clone had stable luck, but a trace of black qi was forming and growing continuously. This was Spring Autumn Cicada’s drawback, it generated bad luck. Once in a while, Fang Yuan would need to use luck path methods against it.


 There was another luck, it looked like a layer of pink fog, it was floating near the pot, circling around it.


 This was the luck of Fang Yuan’s dream path clone.


 The pink fog was weak and thin, it continued to change forms as it resembled a vague shadow.


 Only after the dream path clone becomes rank six would it have comparable luck with the time path clone.


 Other than that, there was the dragonman clone’s luck, it was a tiny purple dragon flying near the pot. Fang Yuan’s clone in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven had a grey and dirty sparrow luck while his Profound Literature grotto-heaven clone had a flower bud luck that was wilting.


 “These two clones have weak luck. It seems that the grey soul ball consumed a lot of luck. And because they and my main body are separated by a small world, there is some obstruction.”


 “In that case...” Fang Yuan willed as he activated Cooking Luck Pot.


 Cooking Luck Pot started to rise in temperature as the luck started to boil.


 Two dragons at the edge of the pot opened their eyes and mouths, sucking at the luck in the pot.


 Immediately, two portions of luck were absorbed into the dragons’ stomachs.


 The dragons started to move as their heads turned towards the grey sparrow and flower bud, spitting out at them.


 The two spurts of luck shot out and fused into the grey sparrow luck and flower bud luck.


 Instantly, the grey sparrow chirped and turned into a sharp beaked eagle, it spread its wings and flew. Meanwhile, the flower bud luck seemed invigorated as it bloomed profusely in vibrant colors!



***
Chapter 1824 - Egg Falling From the Sky


***





 



 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s self luck true inheritance had a comprehensive description of all the different forms of luck.


 Generally, the seven main colors of luck were black, grey, white, red, gold, azure, purple. But there were also uncommon colors that were created by the mixing of the above colors.


 Luck had all sorts of special forms and appearances, they varied according to the situations and conditions that the individuals were in.


 Fang Yuan, for example, had very different luck compared to his various clones.


 Fang Yuan owned the complete self luck true inheritance of Giant Sun and a portion of all living beings luck true inheritance, he only needed to take a look at these colors and shapes to learn about their conditions and deduce a lot of information.


 Cooking Luck Pot had Time Luck, Luck Inspection, Dog Shit Luck, Qi Luck, Connect Luck, and other Immortal Gu, the abilities of these luck path Immortal Gu were just the basic functions of Cooking Luck Pot.


 The main ability of this Immortal Gu House was — Cooking Luck.


 The shape, size, and color of one’s luck was a representation of their current situation and possible changes.


 For example, if Fang Yuan had a dense black coffin luck now, it meant that he was going to face fatal danger. Fang Yuan could use Cooking Luck Pot to cook and change this black coffin luck into a brand new luck within the pot.


 For example, fortune luck or peach blossom luck.


 Giant Sun’s self luck true inheritance revolved around researching on one’s own luck and how to modify it. This Cooking Luck Pot was the peak creation within this true inheritance, it had the ability to cook any form of luck and convert it into something the user wants.


 “However, I have rank eight cultivation level while Cooking Luck Pot is only rank six, it can barely affect my main body’s luck.”


 “However, my other clones are different, with the highest being rank seven and most of the rest being mortals.”


 “With the cooking luck I used earlier, the effect and change should be immediate.”


 Fang Yuan tested it for a while before continuing to cultivate and practise his qi path killer moves.


 He definitely had to raise Cooking Luck Pot’s rank, but currently, regret Gu was inside the paradise, dragon whale grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan could command the hairy man Gu Immortals to refine rank six luck path Immortal Gu en masse, but to advance them to rank seven, he lacked some crucial elements.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s clone, Zhan Bu Du, was walking slowly.


 The crowd was noisy, people moved rapidly like a current.


 “This is the largest Gu Master market in the city, it is bustling.” Zhan Bu Du observed and thought.


 He was only rank one now, he was too young.


 And because he was broke, he came here this time to collect information and increase his understanding of the surroundings.


 “Gu Masters need resources to cultivate, I am totally broke now. My most important task now is to earn money.”


 Zhan Bu Du had an innocent young face but he was full of confidence internally.


 He was a split soul of Fang Yuan, a Gu Immortal, how hard was it to find a method of earning a fortune as a Gu Master?


 But after some observation, Zhan Bu Du’s brows became covered in a thin layer of bitterness.


 “Gu Masters are known as Combat Beast Envoys in this place. Even though they both use Gu worms, these Gu worms are used to nurture combat beasts or to fuse with wild beasts and plants. There are no instances of Gu Masters fighting alone in this place.”


 Fang Yuan walked around the market, he found very few Gu worms here, most shops were selling beasts or plants.


 “It is no surprise.”


 “This Beast Calamity grotto-heaven has the power of the killer move myriad beings assimilation transformation, it is very easy for Gu Masters to fuse with beasts or plants.”


 “In the outside world, they would need to pay more than ten times the price to achieve it.”


 “Because the method of fusing with beasts and plants is too easy and advantageous, traditional Gu cultivation has been buried in history.”


 “Of course, this is also the intention of Beast Calamity Immortal.”


 Even Beast Calamity Immortal died after suffering heavy injuries from his first myriad tribulation, he had placed a lot of effort in developing this grotto-heaven in the past, he probably created this trend so that he could control the living beings inside well.


 After all, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven had a really large number of people.


 Zhan Bu Du wanted to take over this place, he could not use the traditional Gu cultivation method, he had to assimilate and become a Combat Beast Envoy.


 Becoming a Combat Beast Envoy could be said to be easy but also hard — it only required the Gu Master to successfully fuse with a wild beast or plant.


 This was the most basic step.


 After that, he could go to the Combat Beast Guild and spend money to register and become a guild member.


 Inside Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, the Combat Beast Guild was the largest and sole super force.


 If Zhan Bu Du joined it, he would have the lowest ranking Combat Beast Disciple status. Above disciple level would be the main forces of the Combat Beast Guild — Combat Beast Envoy.


 Above Combat Beast Envoy was Combat Beast Warrior, this needed Gu Immortal cultivation level and they were mostly city lords.


 And above Combat Beast Warrior was the one and only Combat Beast King.


 The structure of the organization was simple and crude.


 Zhan Bu Du not only lacked Gu worms now, he also lacked combat beasts and combat plants. Especially the latter two, they were expensive.


 After collecting enough information, Zhan Bu Du had a plan in his mind.


 “According to my plan, in a month’s time, I will have enough finances to buy a Gu worm.”


 “After another month, I will be able to purchase the lowest grade combat beast.”


 “I will buy the incisor rat first and use it for some time. This wild beast is greatly underestimated by everyone, it is very valuable for its price.”


 “With sufficient strength, I will join the Combat Beast Guild and use it to receive missions and increase my strength rapidly.”


 “Hmm?!”


 At this moment, Zhan Bu Du heard a shout: “Careful, above you!!”


 He quickly looked up and saw a black figure descending rapidly from the sky.


 Even higher in the sky, an old man was manipulating the huge bird below him, descending quickly as he tried to catch the black figure, but it seemed like he was too late.


 “What is it?”


 “Quickly run!”


 The surrounding people quickly dispersed.


 Zhan Bu Du also quickened his pace, hiding under the roof of a shop.


 Boom!


 Almost instantly, the black object crashed into this shop’s stairs as it shattered.


 Shrapnels flew everywhere as the surrounding people screamed out in pain and agony.


 Zhan Bu Du was the closest to it, but he was completely unharmed.


 “This is... an egg?” Zhan Bu Du looked at the egg that was as tall as a person, thinking: “This aura, it is clearly a desolate beast egg.”


 While he was thinking, the egg shell broke as a cute little eagle made its way to the world.


 The young eagle looked at Zhan Bu Du as it chirped, it jumped onto him and used its tiny beak to peck at Zhan Bu Du’s cheeks.


 “How could this happen?!” The old man riding a huge bird landed on the ground as he looked at this with dumbfounded expression.


 “Hello old sir, my name is Zhan Bu Du.” Zhan Bu Du was knowledgeable, he knew this old man was a Gu Immortal, he did not dare to wait and quickly paid his respects.


 Before the old man spoke, that tiny eagle that Zhan Bu Du shrugged off went towards him again as it patted his back using its tiny wings.


 The old man had a complex expression as he looked at this tiny eagle, he assessed Zhan Bu Du closely: “Sigh, my partner has been pregnant for thirty years, it finally laid the egg today. So coincidentally, it landed here and hatched as a young arrowtail eagle. You were the first person that it saw, so it treated you as its closest kin.”


 Zhan Bu Du was stunned, he quickly waved his hands: “Old sir, I am so sorry, I... I did not mean to do that.”


 The old Gu Immortal chuckled: “Your name is Zhan Bu Du? I will call you Little Du. Oh Little Du, don’t be nervous, I am not blaming you. In fact, I need to apologize to you, the egg almost killed you earlier.”


 “This truly feels like an arrangement of fate, if my grandson was still alive, he would be as old as you. Oh Little Du, are you willing to cultivate with me? You obtained the young arrowtail eagle’s recognition, you might be able to become a Combat Beast Warrior in the future.”


 “Combat Beast Warrior?” Zhan Bu Du’s eyes widened as it shined with light, he had the expression of an innocent and excited boy.


 He clenched his fists: “My greatest dream is to become a Combat Beast Warrior! Old sir, can I really do it? Can I cultivate by your side?”


 The old man laughed loudly: “Oh Little Du, it will depend on your hard work to determine if you can become a Combat Beast Warrior. But for now, let’s leave.”


 “Yes, old sir.” Zhan Bu Du followed the old man as they rode on the arrowtail eagle, flying away under plain sight.


 “Heavens!”


 “What did I just see?”


 “Isn’t this youngster’s luck way too good?”


 “That old man is the city lord of Mountain Cliff City.”


 “He is Mountain Cliff City Lord? Oh! I heard that the Mountain Cliff City Lord would come to our city one of these days to negotiate matters with our city lord.”


 The surrounding people exploded into a commotion, their discussions got increasingly louder.


 “Who is that young man? He seems to be called Zhan Bu Du? Why is his luck so good!”


 “Sigh, why wasn’t it me?”


 “Had I known this, I would have pushed him aside.”


 “Damn it! This Zhan Bu Du wore tattered clothes, he is clearly a poor lad but he was actually taken in by that esteemed Combat Beast Warrior. He has truly changed his fate, his future is incomparably bright now.”


 “He even gained the acknowledgement of the arrowtail eagle, this is an immortal beast, an immortal beast!”


 “Indeed, compared to an immortal beasts, all of the beasts and plants in the market are trash, they are less valuable than the eagle’s faeces!”


 Some were angrily stomping their feet, feeling extremely regretful, why did they not grab onto this rare opportunity earlier?


 Some stared with wide opened eyes that had turned red, some were shouting and screaming, their saliva spitting everywhere.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 A poetry competition was going on.


 A famous great scholar looked at the students in the hall as he laughed: “This city is filled with literary talents, I see that all your students are overflowing with scholarly aura. It seems that Brother Jiang’s teachings has paid off.”


 “I am flattered, Brother Shen, these students of mine are shallow in knowledge, they are still too young. This is their great opportunity and luck to be able to watch our literary battle.” The teacher of this place, Teacher Jiang, said humbly.


 Great Scholar Shen held out his hand: “Brother Jiang, we are quite evenly matched in this battle, let’s consider it a tie. Next, let’s play a game of passing the flower[1], the three students who win will recite their poems, let me see the literature skills of these juniors, how about that?”


 “Alright.” Teacher Jiang thought about it and nodded in agreement.


 Immediately, the eyes of many students below the stage lightened up.


 This was an incredibly rare opportunity, there were two great scholars on the stage, no matter how good their poems were, as long as they could showcase their works, their reputation would spread among the people.


 The drums rolled.


 “Choose me, choose me!”


 “Pass it to me, pass it to me.”


 “Sigh! The drums have stopped.”


 “Who has the red flower? Please do recite your poem.” Great Scholar Shen opened his eyes as he smiled.


 As everyone looked with gazes of anticipation, Li Xiao Bai walked up the stage while rubbing his nose.


 [1] It’s like musical chairs but whoever has the flower when the music stops wins



***
Chapter 1825 - Getting the Red Flower


***





 



 “Student Li Xiao Bai greets both teachers.” Li Xiao Bai walked up the stage and said politely.


 Great Scholar Shen smiled at him, nodding.


 Meanwhile, Teacher Jiang of this school asked: “Xiao Bai, do you have any poems?”


 Teacher Jiang had a bit of worry shown between his brows. This Xiao Bai was very ordinary in talent, hopefully he had some sort of preparation before this, otherwise with his current standards, this would be a disappointing show.


 It was okay if he was the only person disappointed, but right now with Great Scholar Shen here... Especially when the first half of this competition was very interesting and would become renowned in the world, if the later half was disappointing, everyone in the world would know that Teacher Jiang was a talented person but could not teach young talents himself.


 “Teacher, I have a poem prepared.” Li Xiao Bai immediately answered, he was quite confident.


 “Then let us hear it.” Teacher Jiang was slightly more assured now.


 This Profound Literature grotto-heaven was not like any other place, it had a flourishing literary culture.


 If anyone could make a good poem, even if nobody rewards them, heaven and earth would provide them benefits!


 Thus, the art of creating poems was an important task, it directly affected the person’s livelihood, status, reputation, and future.


 Normally speaking, most scholars would accumulate their foundation and save some good poem lines as secrets, even if they could not compose a poem with those lines, they would save it for the future.


 Thus, even though many scholars could create great poems, they would not publish them. They would conceal their strength and use them to deal with difficult poem competitions.


 Because of this, it was not strange or surprising that Li Xiao Bai had a poem prepared.


 Li Xiao Bai had his considerations.


 “I have read countless poems in my life, most are world shocking creations, they are famous on Earth even after thousands of years, and after such a long time, the literature on Earth flourished greatly.”


 “But if I try to use these poems, it will be a problem!”


 “This grotto-heaven world has an information path environment, it most excels at collecting information. Especially the method to observe literary qi and talent qi, almost everybody has such methods, they only vary in the depth of abilities.”


 “I lack literary qi and talent qi, before I used soul replacement, this was just an ordinary student. By creating a world shocking poem now, not only would people not believe me, they would also be suspicious and start investigating me.”


 “Even if I try to explain that it is not my work afterwards, it would be too late. I’d be seen as dishonest, in this world, everyone will despise and loathe me.”


 Fang Yuan had planned many things before infiltrating Profound Literature grotto-heaven to deal with all sorts of situations.


 The clone Li Xiao Bai lacked literary qi and talent qi to begin with, it was not that Fang Yuan’s own talents were lacking.


 However, Li Xiao Bai had a large number of famous poems in his memories, other than those from Earth, there were also Fang Yuan’s own creations.


 Thus, Li Xiao Bai chose one of them and started to recite.


 Teacher Jiang let out a breath of air, this poem was quite well constructed, it was barely living up to the standards of today’s competition.


 “What, it is nothing impressive.”


 “I sat beside Li Xiao Bai for three years in class, this is way beyond his usual standards, hahaha.”


 “Isn’t that great? With his poem as the anchor, the next two winners will be very lucky.”


 The students below the stage became increasingly lively.


 Even though Li Xiao Bai’s poem was quite compatible with his known abilities, he still had many more talented classmates around.


 Especially when some students had many precious poems that they prepared already in advance.


 These poems were composed meticulously by them, using a lot of time and effort to create, they were too good for other situations, but this was an appropriate setting to use them.


 When the drums started rolling and the red flower got passed around, these elite students became very excited, their eyes were shining.


 The drums stopped.


 Most of the students were disappointed, why were they not chosen?


 Next, their eyes turned red, it was him again!


 The red flower stopped at Li Xiao Bai’s table.


 “Oh?” Li Xiao Bai was also quite surprised.


 “The rules are the rules, you can come up again.” Great Scholar Shen laughed as he shook his head.


 Teacher Jiang got worried again, according to Li Xiao Bai’s nature and foundation, he had already performed above standard last time, this time...


 But Li Xiao Bai started to recite his poem again.


 This poem was on the same level as the previous one.


 Teacher Jiang finally relaxed as he looked at Li Xiao Bai with a gentler expression: “It seems that even though this student is not as talented, he is very hardworking, he stored up two poems as backup. These two should be his own creation, it was not easy that he managed to compose them.”


 Li Xiao Bai did not put up a shameful performance, Teacher Jiang was very glad about it.


 “The final person.”


 “Both chances went to Li Xiao Bai, sigh, that was truly bad luck!”


 “If I had gone on stage, the two great scholars would definitely be pleasantly surprised. But I was not given a chance.”


 “I wonder who will get the third chance? If it is not me, I hope it is not them either.”


 The students were unable to sit still, they had their own thoughts as they lost their cool.


 The drums rolled as the students looked at the red flower with bloodshot eyes.


 “Pass it to me! Pass it to me!”


 “Sigh, it has passed me... I hope the drumming continues and it makes its way to me again.”


 “Bang!”


 The drums stopped abruptly with a loud sound.


 Great Scholar Shen opened his eyes as he smiled: “Who is it this time, ugh.”


 He was dazed, a strange expression was shown on his face as he pointed at the final lucky star, he did not know whether to cry or laugh: “Why is it you again?”


 Li Xiao Bai held the flower as he walked up the stage with a grim expression.


 He first cupped his fists at the two scholars before turning to the students below the stage: “Fellow classmates, I really did not do this intentionally, getting up the stage thrice is less of a surprise and more of a shock to me. I know that most of you are more talented than me, but I have to recite three times, I sincerely apologize.”


 Originally, his classmates were shocked and furious, but after hearing Li Xiao Bai’s words and expression, the anger in their hearts dissipated.


 In fact, a portion of the people started to feel pity for Li Xiao Bai.


 After all, Li Xiao Bai’s talent and literary skills were inferior to them, wasn’t he suffering by going up the stage?


 “Your luck is too incredible. Forget it, start reciting.” Teacher Jiang laughed as he spoke.


 Li Xiao Bai started his recital again, the standard was ordinary but the final line was quite impressive.


 Even though it was just a minor point, it elevated the entire poem to a new level.


 Not only did Great Scholar Shen laugh and praise it, even Teacher Jiang was a little surprised: “The final line of your poem is quite interesting. How did you conceptualize it?”


 Li Xiao Bai smiled bitterly: “Teacher, I don’t dare to lie, this poem had only three lines originally, I thought of and added the final line earlier when I was anxious, to think that both sirs would enjoy it, I was also quite surprised!”


 Teacher Jiang was stunned before laughing loudly.


 Great Scholar Shen shook his head: “Li Xiao Bai, you are very honest.”


 It turned out that he had used a method secretly to inspect Li Xiao Bai’s literary qi and talent qi, he obtained information that this person had quite an ordinary talent.


 “But it is not something rare that he can have a flash of inspiration and perform better than normal.” Great Scholar Shen had no suspicions.


 Teacher Jiang reassessed Li Xiao Bai in a new light.


 He looked at Li Xiao Bai inconspicuously as he thought: “Even though Li Xiao Bai is very ordinary in talent, he is very hardworking normally, that is how he had three poems prepared. Being able to gain inspiration and make up the verse on the spot shows that he has potential. But the best thing about him is that he said those words earlier before the third round, he apologized to his classmates, that was his good interpersonal skills. Being able to articulate as well as his writing, and sophisticated in human interaction, he is not bad.”


 “Wait.” Teacher Jiang suddenly thought: “This competition is going to be famous in the world, my reputation has already spread throughout the world before this, that is not key. But Li Xiao Bai is going to become famous from this, if there were three students who performed, it would be less impactful, but he actually took all three chances, this way, he will be the center of attention.”


 “After ending in a draw against Brother Shen, nobody will find me for a duel in the short period. But there might be some devious people who would target my student in order to affect me!”


 And the problem was, Li Xiao Bai was a common and ordinary student.


 Teacher Jiang frowned as he made up his mind: “After this, I need to nurture Li Xiao Bai and secretly give him tuition! After this competition, everyone will know that Li Xiao Bai is my student. Even though I have many students, he is the only famous one.”


 “In the future, if anyone mentions Li Xiao Bai, my name will also come up. Our reputation is already tied together, I need to nurture him well, otherwise...”


 Teacher Jiang felt very pressured, he decided to make sure Li Xiao Bai was a proper scholar even if he had to spend a huge amount of effort and resources. Even if he was a cheap piece of wood, he needed to be carved into jade in appearance!


 Central Continent, Fei He mountain.


 Gu Liu Ru stopped his killer move as he wiped the sweat off his forehead, he let out a breath of air: “It is done, his immortal aperture time has been shifted to its limit, he will face calamities and tribulations very often.”


 “Thank you for the hard work.” Qin Ding Ling smiled as she looked at the sleeping Gu Yue Fang Zheng, suddenly, she gasped.


 “What is it?” Gu Liu Ru asked in confusion.


 Qin Ding Ling said: “I was using a killer move to inspect luck, I found that after your killer move was activated, Fang Zheng’s luck changed again. His original luck was like a hill, lush and squarish, but now it has turned into... hmm... it looks like a pot lid.”


 Gu Liu Ru was very perplexed: “What premonition is this?”


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head, she was troubled too: “In the short term, I cannot understand it.”


 Two months later.


 A certain news made Fang Yuan’s main body stop his cultivation.


 “I finally found out the location of Dragon Palace.”


 “Good, I have basically learned all the qi path methods there are, I should act in advance and steal this Immortal Gu House in secret before Heavenly Court does!”



***
Chapter 1826 - Dragon Palace’s Tes


***





 



 Above the blue ocean surface, waves were rumbling, with the ebb and flow of tides, seagulls were flying above in the sky.


 Plop.


 With a soft sound, a Gu Immortal dived into the water, swimming deeper.


 A thousand feet, ten thousand feet, a hundred thousand feet...


 The sea was extremely deep, there was a large number of fierce sea beasts living here.


 After reaching a million feet deep, immemorial level sea beasts started to appear.


 Of course, there were precious treasures here as well.


 “Eastern Sea is truly the number one in the five regions in terms of resources.” The Gu Immortal sighed as he continued to dive deeper.


 After reaching ten million feet, in the abyss-like darkness of the sea, there was a beautiful and colorful dream realm.


 As the Gu Immortal got closer, the dream realm expanded within his vision. By the time he arrived, this dream realm resembled a small mountain.


 “Dragon Palace should be here!” The Gu Immortal had a heated gaze.


 He was muscular and handsome, he had a tall nose bridge and sharp lips. He had golden dragon scales on his body, he had a pair of dragon eyes resembling topaz, there was also a pair of golden coral-like dragon horns on his head.


 This was Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone.


 Fang Yuan knew that Dragon Palace was hidden in Eastern Sea, but he did not find out where exactly it was in the previous life.


 Back then, Duke Long had brought Feng Jin Huang to try and subdue Dragon Palace, they were obstructed by the Four Dragon Generals. Thus, a battle ensued and Dragon Palace took the chance to fly into the sky, escaping from him.


 Even though Duke Long chased after it, the huge commotion caused Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals to approach him. When news of this spread throughout the five regions, Fang Yuan had just reached a certain stage in his plan against Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, he was also moved and decided to head to Eastern Sea.


 Eventually, he was discovered and did not gain anything. And in the River of Time, the second stone lotus island appeared.


 Fang Yuan made his decision to abandon Dragon Palace and went after the Red Lotus true inheritance in the second stone lotus island.


 However, even though he stopped Heavenly Court’s plans, Feng Jiu Ge summoned the winds of assimilation and destroyed the stone lotus island.


 This caused Heavenly Court to obtain Dragon Palace, suppressing it within Hidden Dragon Cave. Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals were unwilling to give up, they went to cause a huge battle with Central Continent — the battle in Hidden Dragon Cave.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan already included Dragon Palace in his plans.


 He had started planning long ago, he collected information and made deductions on this, drawing a circle around its possible area. After that, he sent subordinates to explore and investigate Eastern Sea secretly.


 Fang Yuan did not know where Dragon Palace was initially, but his hard work was not in vain, his efforts paid off, he found out the location of Dragon Palace recently!


 The dragonman clone searched around the area, he did not find any immemorial desolate beasts around, it was a safe zone.


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation.


 He acted quickly, using a killer move against this dream realm.


 His choice was the same as Duke Long’s, he wanted to isolate the dream realm and target Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace directly.


 And above the sky of this sea area, Fang Yuan’s main body was hidden among the clouds. He was inspecting the area around him and guarding the dragonman clone. On the other hand, he was also getting the dragonman clone to probe the area.


 If any accidents happen, Fang Yuan’s main body would be able to rapidly escape to safety.


 After all, Fang Yuan did not know the clear details regarding Dragon Palace, this was not like his plans in the River of Time and Tao Zhu’s true inheritance where he had sufficient information.


 What if Heavenly Court ambushed him?


 Even if they did not, Dragon Palace itself was very dangerous. Because it had an offensive dream path killer move, Fang Yuan was quite wary against it.


 As Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were created one by one, the dragonman clone’s progress remained quite successful.


 But this dream realm was too huge, at this rate, he would need several days and nights to completely transform it.


 “Ignoring anything else, just the dream realm itself is a huge fortune. In the previous life, Heavenly Court obtained it, they had no way of using it. But in my hands, it is different.”


 Fang Yuan’s main body had a clear view of the situation in the sea.


 Next, he looked above himself.


 After using luck path methods, he saw the Cooking Luck Pot that was above his head.


 This pot was floating above it, it moved up and down slightly, like it was floating on water.


 Fang Yuan could not check his own luck, but he could check the dragonman clone’s luck.


 He saw that beside Cooking Luck Pot, the purple dragon that was the dragonman clone’s luck coiled around in the air motionlessly.


 It opened its mouth and had an anxious expression, it was looking around alertly.


 Around it, black traces of qi were gathering into a lump, forming many black clouds.


 “This black cloud luck shows a premonition of death. It seems that the dragonman clone is in danger of dying!” Fang Yuan frowned.


 He immediately made his calculations: “After using rebirth, looking at the time, I have found Dragon Palace much earlier than Heavenly Court in the previous life, I acted in advance.”


 “I should be ahead of them looking at the situation, but time is moving quickly, a bad change is about to occur in a few days.”


 In just this time, the black clouds became thicker as they surrounded the purple dragon in all directions, trying to bury and suffocate it.


 Fang Yuan immediately used Cooking Luck Pot.


 The dragons on Cooking Luck Pot became active as they started to devour the black clouds and spit them out into the pot.


 The pot started to cook the luck, boiling all of the black cloud luck into a beneficial luck instead.


 The luck then got devoured by the pot dragons before being sent to the purple dragon.


 The purple dragon received such help, it became energetic and invigorated. Even though the black clouds were still thick and overwhelming, the purple dragon no longer looked so weak against them.


 Fang Yuan saw this as he gasped lightly, thinking: “My Cooking Luck Pot is only rank six but it is the epitome of Giant Sun’s self luck true inheritance, it can control the luck of rank six Gu Immortals and even influence rank seven Gu Immortals.”


 “Right now, my dragonman clone is already a rank seven after immense nurturing, thus, it can only affect the purple dragon. But this black cloud luck...”


 Fang Yuan frowned lightly, pondering: “This black cloud luck was influenced by me but the effect is mild, this is a rank eight level crisis! However, looking at the purple dragon’s reaction, it seems to have some form of attraction to this black cloud luck.”


 “Dragons[1] like wind and rain, while this black luck has a cloud shape, it seems that this is not only a dangerous situation for the dragonman clone, it is also an immense fortuitous encounter!”


 Of course, this was all built on the foundation that Fang Yuan was not going to take action.


 Once Fang Yuan’s main body acts, the luck would change intensely!


 Because Fang Yuan was not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, his every action would cause a huge change to the situation.


 “Sigh, it is too bad I cannot inspect my own luck. The self luck true inheritance has the killer move luck inspection, from rank one to nine. But my luck inspection Immortal Gu is only rank six, even if I make a killer move, the killer move would be able to inspect the luck of rank seven Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan already had Cooking Luck Pot, he also added luck inspection Immortal Gu into it as one of the cores.


 Thus, he did not need any killer move to inspect luck, just by activating Cooking Luck Pot, he could observe the dragonman clone’s luck.


 “Cooking Luck Pot is too low ranked.”


 “In the future, I need to advance all its core Immortal Gu, I also need to add in all living beings luck, so that it can affect other people and objects.”


 Fang Yuan planned.


 Even though he could use Cooking Luck Pot to help his clones, they were the same entities as him. Thus, he was just helping himself, this was within the boundary of self luck, it was not all living beings luck.


 Fang Yuan sensed the crisis that dragonman clone was going to face but he chose not to act. He controlled the situation while activating Cooking Luck Pot.


 Even though it was not very helpful to the purple dragon, his influence on the black cloud luck was small, but any bit of help counts, as it accumulates, the amount would be quite significant.


 After all, it was better than nothing.


 The dragonman clone also received the main body’s information as it continued to transform the dream realm.


 After a day and half a night, four Eastern Sea Gu Immortals arrived from different directions.


 The east one was a white robed young looking man with a handsome face, it was Yang Zi He.


 The west one was an old woman with a hunched back, she had deep wrinkles on her face that resembled the pattern of a purple venomous snake, extending from her face, to her arms and to her whole body, it was Granny Rong.


 The north one was a muscular Gu Immortal with triangular eyes shining in cold light, it was Shi Miao.


 The south Gu Immortal wore a black robe, his face could not be seen, he was silent like an eerie ghost, filled with dark energy, this was Zhang Yin.


 “Four rank eight Gu Immortals came? It is them...” Fang Yuan’s main body did not move, because he sensed something strange from the dragonman clone’s luck.


 Right now, the purple dragon luck was surrounded by a huge and thick layer of black clouds, it could not break out.


 But this black cloud luck was transforming slightly.


 There was water sounds from the east, resembling a river. From the west, there was the silhouette of a purple venomous snake, from the north, there was a mountain shape, and at the south, the cloud was dark like an abyss, forming a black hole.


 “These four rank eight Gu Immortals are not normal!”


 “Their lucks are all a part of the black cloud, are they in an alliance?”


 Fang Yuan did not know about the Four Dragon Generals of Dragon Palace, because there was no information about them in his previous life.


 But soon, he found out.


 These four rank eight Gu Immortals arrived before dragonman clone, their cold expressions relaxed a little.


 “He is a dragonman indeed!”


 “You have rank seven cultivation level, you are qualified to participate in the test.”


 “These dream realms are your test, if you pass it, you will gain the acknowledgement of the Dragon Spirit and become the owner of Dragon Palace.”


 “Quickly return the dream realms, undergo the test by exploring the dream realms, otherwise, we, the Four Dragon Generals, will make sure you regret ever coming here!”


 The four Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals spoke one after another, while they spoke, they also revealed their dragonman identities.


 At once, be it Fang Yuan or his clone, they were both shocked.


 [1] Chinese dragons have the power to summon wind and rain



***
Chapter 1827 - Controlling Ants in Dream


***





 



 The dragonman clone’s action of transforming the dream realms drew the attention of the Four Dragon Generals.


 If he was a human Gu Immortal, the Four Dragon Generals would attack him together, but Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone was a genuine dragonman, be it body or soul, he was the real deal without any flaws.


 Thus, the Four Dragon Generals exposed their identities, Fang Yuan gasped upon hearing this secret.


 In the previous life, he had only seen Bai Ning Bing control Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng to participate in the final battle at the crucial moment, he did not see the Four Dragon Generals.


 “So these four rank eight Gu Immortals are servants of Dragon Palace, they were subdued by Dragon Palace and made into dragon generals!”


 “This is quite a deep scheme.”


 “Should I take action personally?”


 Fang Yuan had countless thoughts as he quickly deduced.


 With his current strength, he had a high chance of dealing with all four rank eight Gu Immortals at the same time.


 Fang Yuan’s strongest methods were qi path now, just the number of qi path dao marks alone were far beyond any of these four Eastern Sea rank eights.


 “But they are still rank eight Gu Immortals, even though I can win and even kill them, there would be a huge commotion, I cannot gain victory quickly.”


 “Looking at the fight between Duke Long and these four, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace also can act on its own, it is able to fly and escape.”


 “If I try to fight them forcefully, it might not end up well, I will be in the same state as Duke Long in the previous life.”


 Fang Yuan immediately deduced the most likely outcome.


 He had come here to take Dragon Palace in secret, if he caused a huge commotion and exposed his rank eight cultivation level as well as his qi path battle strength, it would not sit well with his other plans.


 Fang Yuan thought of this as he looked at the Cooking Luck Pot above him.


 The purple dragon was completely submerged by the black clouds, but it was excitedly grinding its teeth, waiting to take action.


 Especially when there was a trace of azure-purple[1] qi vaguely inside this black cloud.


 “These traces of azure-purple luck are extremely noble and profound, it shows that the dragonman clone has a chance of becoming the owner of Dragon Palace.”


 “The dragonman clone only has rank seven cultivation level while the four generals are rank eight, they did not discover my presence so it is unlikely they are lying to me.”


 “If the dragonman clone follows the rules and explores the dream realms, after passing, I will obtain Dragon Palace as well as these four rank eight Gu Immortal subordinates!”


 “It seems that Dragon Palace is truly an enslavement path Immortal Gu House. It can enslave four rank eight battle strength experts at once, truly amazing!”


 “According to the information of my previous life, I still have a lot of time.”


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s main body decided to wait and let the clone explore the dream realms, participating in the test.


 This was the most beneficial method.


 The dragonman clone was secretly informed by the main body to return the dream realms.


 This action made the Four Dragon Generals show more amicable expressions.


 Granny Rong said: “To participate in the Dragon Palace test, your soul and body needs to enter the dream realms, you need to have the courage to risk everything in order to become the Dragon Palace Lord.”


 The dragonman clone’s expression changed mildly, but considering that the main body was watching and guarding him from the sky, he nodded his head and entered the dream realms.


 Once he entered the dream, he immediately landed in an area of deep darkness.


 “Wu Shuai, wake up, wake up.” A person beside the dragonman clone nudged him.


 The dragonman clone opened his eyes, seeing a young dragon girl, she was innocent and cute, showing a look of helplessness: “Why are you still sleeping? Everyone is waiting for you. Don’t forget that today is the day we arranged the battle with stakes against Chen Fu and Zhang Shuang.”


 “So my name is Wu Shuai. Hmm... I have rank three Gu Master cultivation level.” The dragonman clone quickly inspected his own body condition.


 “Quickly, quickly, let’s go.” The dragon girl could not wait, seeing that Fang Yuan opened his eyes, she quickly dragged him along.


 They sprinted until they finally arrived at the school field.


 Two groups of people were already gathered in the school field, they were separated into the east and west group, facing each other with a clear line in between.


 The west group consisted of young humans, both male and female, their leaders carried the arrogance of human youngsters.


 The east group were young dragonmen, they were fewer in numbers and had no leader now, they were currently being pressured by the humans.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was here, the dragonman youngsters became very excited, some were cheering while others chided him for being late.


 “Wu Shuai, you finally showed up, I thought you were too scared and did not dare to come.” Over at the human side, one of the two youngster leaders shouted.


 The dragon girl that brought Fang Yuan over immediately retorted: “Don’t be arrogant Chen Fu, now that Wu Shuai is here, he will beat you all to a pulp!”


 “Cut the crap, Wu Shuai, let’s fight! This time, I will make sure I repay you for the humiliation of losing last time!” The other youngster Gu Master, Zhang Shuang, stood up, he was clearly impatient, he wanted to fight straight away.


 “Wait.” Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, stalling for time: “Since this is a battle with stakes, where is the bet?”


 He said as he assessed the school.


 This school field was not simple at all, it was covered by an immortal formation!


 This meant that Fang Yuan was not in an ordinary place, since there was an immortal formation here, this was likely a super force. Furthermore, Fang Yuan was currently at an important place in this super force’s territory, creating an immortal formation at a school field meant that it was of great importance.


 Looking at the clothing of both parties which was very alike, this was clearly a sect.


 “This wager is clearly the impulse of youths.”


 “These youngsters have at least rank two cultivation level, looking at them, they must have only started recently, their talent is really high.”


 “I have the highest cultivation level, along with the two human leaders, Zhang Shuang and Chen Fu, they also have rank three cultivation level, we are all young geniuses. Below that is this dragon girl beside me, she has rank two peak cultivation level.”


 “Wu Shuai, don’t look down on me, I have already brought the betting item, look!” Chen Fu said as he carefully took out a Gu worm from his pocket.


 Fang Yuan took a glance, it was a rank five Gu, called commanding leader Gu.


 Commanding leader Gu looked like a longhorn beetle.


 The longhorn beetle had a long and cylindrical body, its back was slightly flat and there were two long feelers on its head. This commanding leader Gu was similar, its body had a jade-like texture, its feelers were very long, more than ten times its body length, they were like two long red ropes.


 The dragonman clone was slightly surprised.


 Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu, he did not care much about mortal Gu. But this commanding leader Gu was different, it was a mortal Gu but it was a human path Gu worm with enslavement path effect, it had once gained huge fame in history but quickly went extinct.


 According to rumors, commanding leader Gu had a great effect, it was also compatible with many types of Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone shared the same attainment level as his main body.


 Fang Yuan had human path grandmaster and enslavement path master attainment levels, the dragonman clone was the same.


 At master attainment level, one could generate intuition regarding the path.


 Right now, the dragonman clone had a clear intuition: “As long as I pass this scene, I will get the recipe of commanding leader Gu.”


 “No wonder my purple dragon luck wanted to try it! This enslavement path dream realm is a huge fortuitous encounter after all!”


 Thinking of this, the dragonman clone became even more excited.


 While he was on the way, he had already checked what Gu worms Wu Shuai had, he had already prepared some methods that he could use.


 As for how the battle worked, he did not know.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan smiled as he said: “In that case, let’s do it. In fact, I will give you the first move.”


 Zhang Shuang heard this as rage appeared on his youthful face: “Good, Wu Shuai, you are so arrogant, how dare you look down on me, I will show you!”


 He took out ten or so primeval stones and scattered them around the school field.


 The school field itself was an immortal formation, after the primeval stones landed on it, they got devoured by the ground like rocks falling into water.


 Next, ants started to dig their way out of the ground.


 Zhang Shuang stared widely as he used his method to manipulate these ants.


 The dragonman clone was shocked: “These are not ordinary ants, they have some natural markings on their body that resemble human language characters. Is this the legendary army ant?”


 Dragonman was not a natural variant human race, it was man-made.


 The army ants and the dragonman were quite similar, they were not produced by nature but created by Gu Immortal great experts.


 This type of army ant was used by enslavement path Gu Masters, they were able to resolve the feeding problem to a large degree.


 A small number of army ants could be used for daily training, while a large group of army ants could form an ant tide with colossal power.


 Zhang Shuang had good strength, he quickly enslaved ten or so yellow ants.


 At this time, new ants came out of the ground, they were slightly larger than the ants before, being black in color.


 Zhang Shuang was overjoyed and quickly focused his attention on refining these black ants.


 The yellow ants had this word naturally carved on them — worker.


 The black ants had this word naturally carved on them — soldier.


 Seeing this, the dragonman youths became anxious while the dragon girl beside Fang Yuan shook his shoulders: “Brother Wu Shuai, start quickly. If we lose this duel, you will lose your vital Gu. The other party is shameless, he already has more than ten worker ants and three soldier ants.”


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan smiled, he sat on the ground and focused his attention on these ants.


 He activated a killer move, it used sight to enslave ants, the effect was incredible.


 After a few breaths, dozens of ants on the ground gathered by Fang Yuan’s side.


 Among them were worker ants and soldier ants.


 This result quickly overtook Zhang Shuang.


 The human youths shouted in shock while the dragonman youths were stunned before cheering loudly and excitedly.


 Zhang Shuang looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief, seeing that Fang Yuan’s ants were multiplying in number rapidly, many times his own, his face turned pale as paper.


 “I lost!” Zhang Shuang was straightforward: “But what killer move is this?”


 The killer move was very powerful and profound, and even more importantly, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was very deep, far greater than mortal Gu Masters, not to mention this youngster.


 Fang Yuan did not know the name of the move he had just created casually, he avoided it: “Since you lost, where is the bet?”


 Zhang Shuang snorted coldly, placing commanding leader Gu in Fang Yuan’s hands as he turned around and left.


 Chen Fu had an ashen expression as he left his parting words before going: “Wu Shuai, to think that you are so devious, secretly learning a powerful enslavement path killer move, don’t be too smug, we will definitely challenge you in this again!”


 “Yay! We won, Wu Shuai, you are amazing!”


 “As expected of Wu Shuai.”


 “Haha, they were so funny, Zhang Shuang and Chen Fu had ugly expressions earlier.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, he was about to respond to the youths here when he suddenly saw their expressions freezing, they all looked behind Fang Yuan with stiff expressions.


 “Father...” They called out quietly.


 Fang Yuan turned around and saw a dragonman Gu Immortal staring at him with a deep and dark gaze.


 Fang Yuan was shocked:” Duke Long?”


 [1] Ancient high ranking officials have ribbons/sashes/belts of this color, thus it signifies royalty and high status.



***
Chapter 1828 - Talk Between Father and Son


***





 



 Observing closely, the dragonman clone realized.


 Even though it was a dragonman Gu Immortal who appeared in front of him, it was not Duke Long, they only looked similar.


 “Even so, this person likely has a close relationship with Duke Long, I wonder if this person is the father of my character in the dream realm?”


 Fang Yuan was thinking when the dragonman Gu Immortal arrived: “Wu Shuai! You are too daring, I told you so many times to not create trouble, don’t provoke them! But you actually won against them again. Do you know that Zhang Shuang and Chen Fu are bloodline descendants of supreme elders of our sect!”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal that resembled Duke Long had a stern expression, his eyes were almost spewing fire.


 The young dragonmen who were still cheering earlier became silent, they did not dare to say anything, they looked down at their feet. This showed how high this person’s status was in their hearts, he was normally strict on them.


 Fang Yuan was not sure of his relationship with this dragonman Gu Immortal, he had to mimic these youngsters and keep silent.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal got more furious as he knocked on the back of Fang Yuan’s head with his palm, the force almost pushed him to the ground.


 Fang Yuan stumbled forward for a step but regained his balance quickly.


 “Wu Shuai, follow me, come to the study room for your punishment!” The dragonman Gu Immortal snorted coldly, turning around and leaving.


 Fang Yuan took a glance at these dragonman youngsters, they all looked at Fang Yuan with sympathy, guilt, and schadenfreude.


 “It seems that I can only follow this dragonman Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan thought as he quickly followed after the Gu Immortal.


 After a few steps, the surrounding world changed rapidly.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan found himself in a study room.


 The study room was huge, there were beautiful flower vases here, the study table was about ten feet long, there was ink and paper on it, at the center, there was calligraphy of three words — Long Xing Tian.


 “Is this dragonman Gu Immortal’s name Long Xing Tian? No, there is still some space at the end for one final word.” Fang Yuan had a thought.


 Right at this moment, he heard a stern shout beside him: “Unfilial son, kneel down right now!”


 Fang Yuan raised his head and saw that the dragonman Gu Immortal was standing behind the desk, staring at him with a cold and strict expression.


 Fang Yuan rolled his eyes internally as he thought: “You should have said that earlier, I would be able to confirm your identity.”


 Immediately, he knelt down without hesitation with a loud sound.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal was stunned for a moment before smiling coldly: “Your attitude has really improved this time in apologizing, huh.”


 “Father, your words are reasonable. I was too young and ignorant, I did not know your intentions, please forgive me!” Fang Yuan immediately gave a perfunctory speech but had a vivid expression that made people feel a sense of sincerity.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal was stunned again before his smile became even colder: “Hmph! Acting obedient while having other intentions, you dare to lie to me! You deserve a beating!”


 Saying so, he took the paperweight on the table and used it to whack Fang Yuan.


 The paperweight was made of metal, it was long and hard, thick and heavy. It was originally used to hold down the paper and straighten it.


 The paper on the desk was about the size of a door plaque, one could imagine how big the paperweight was.


 This paperweight hit Fang Yuan’s back, it caused intense pain, his soul foundation fell by a huge amount.


 But Fang Yuan could not resist, in this dream realm, he was not the dragonman Gu Immortal’s match.


 But Fang Yuan was very crafty, he fell to the ground as he got hit, his forehead landed on the ground and created a dull sound.


 He grunted as he knelt and straightened his back, he gritted his teeth and endured the pain, but showed a look of desperately holding back the pain.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal was the father of this person after all, seeing this, he had a thought: “Did I hit him with excessive force earlier?”


 “Sigh!” He sighed deeply, sitting down on his chair, looking at his kneeling son across the table.


 He said with deep emotions: “Wu Shuai, you are my most outstanding son, your enslavement path talent is rarely seen in a hundred years. I spent so much effort to nurture and teach you, I want you to succeed in life. But you went ahead and forgot all of my teachings, how many times have I told you to not argue with those people.”


 “You are a genius, you have superior insight than the people of your age. I’ve already described the current situation to you, the higher-ups of the sect are increasingly unhappy with our dragonman race which is getting stronger. Even though I am a supreme elder that has seemingly great status, I am pushed aside by them.”


 “Even though you defeated Chen Fu and Zhang Shuang, you also infuriated the Gu Immortals behind them. These human Gu Immortals will not show me any good attitude, they will become even stricter against the dragonman race.”


 “Even though you won this time, you harmed the entire dragonman race’s benefits and intensified the sect’s conflicts. You are too rash, you do not consider the consequences when you do something! I am truly disappointed in you!”


 “I am beating you for your own good, for the sake of the dragonman race and the peace of the sect, do you understand my intentions?”


 Fang Yuan wanted to reply ‘understood’, but he took a look at the dragonman Gu Immortal’s expression and his heart shook.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal might have a gentle gaze, but a cold icy feeling was in the depths of his heart.


 Only someone like Fang Yuan who was aged and experienced could sense it clearly.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan became incredibly alert, he thought rapidly as all sorts of clues appeared in his mind.


 In this dream realm exploration, even though the main body was outside, his soul and body had entered the dream, he could not afford to fail once.


 If he failed, he would lose the qualification to become the Dragon Palace Lord, he might even die.


 Of course, the main body would not do nothing, but in that case, when the main body fights, he would face the same situation as Duke Long, the commotion would be huge.


 To obtain the greatest benefit, Fang Yuan was willing to take this risk, so he had to be very careful with every step.


 “This question seems simple but it might be the key to this scene, if I answer wrongly, I will fail!”


 “My analysis should not be wrong... I will go ahead with this!”


 Thinking of this, a sharp dagger-like light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He raised his head and looked at the dragonman Gu Immortal, his expression changed as he smiled: “I am grateful for your concern, father. But father, you are willing to hold back and endure it for the big picture, I do not agree with that at all.”


 “Unfilial son! You are unrepentant!” The dragonman Gu Immortal was enraged, he stood up and grabbed the paperweight again.


 Fang Yuan quickly added: “I know you want to beat me, even if you beat me to death, I will not hate you at all. But father, your action of giving in and showing subservience is not helping the big picture, you are harming the entire dragonman race!”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal’s eyes were spewing fire, he held the paperweight and pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting loudly: “Such guts! You dare to accuse your father of being wrong! Good, I’ll give you a chance, tell me, how am I wrong?”


 Fang Yuan felt even more certainty now, he said slowly: “Father! Must our dragonman race always put ourselves at a lower status than humans? We have talent and aptitude, we are born with enslavement path dao marks, what do the humans have?”


 “We do not necessarily need Gu worms, our bodies alone give us great stamina, strength, and recovery.”


 “Our bodies are tough and sturdy, our claws and teeth are sharp, while humans are weak and fragile.”


 “And in terms of lifespan, our lifespan is tens or hundreds of times of humans! As we continue to live, the humans of our age will die one by one. Even without us doing anything, they will all die of old age!”


 “We dragonman are born with such superiority, and even rarer is our unity, we recognize each other and trust each other, we are not like the humans who turn on each other and enjoy internal conflict!”


 “Father, everybody can see your contribution to the sect. I won this duel but should I really have lost on purpose?”


 “On what basis do these humans look down on us, how dare they treat us so badly! We dragonman deserve a greater status!”


 “In fact, these normal people should rank below us dragonmen!!”


 “Insolent, you are too insolent!” The dragonman Gu Immortal flew into a rage, he quickly walked past the table as he waved the paperweight in his hand, almost about to hit Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan suddenly stood up abruptly, he had tears in his eyes as he shouted at the dragonman Gu Immortal: “Father! I am unresigned, I refuse to accept this! Even if you beat me to death, I will never agree to this, I will not submit!”


 “Wu Shuai!!!” The dragonman Gu Immortal walked to Fang Yuan, looked down at this youngster, his bloodshot eyes were staring straight at him but his paperweight did not hit.


 Fang Yuan had no fear, he looked at the dragonman Gu Immortal directly as his eyes also spewed fire, it was the deep anger and hatred in his heart!


 Both father and son looked at each other for a while, after the dragonman Gu Immortal confirmed something, he threw the paperweight in his hand away.


 He grabbed Fang Yuan’s shoulders with both hands as he shook his son, laughing loudly: “Wu Shuai, you are truly my precious son! I was not wrong about you!”


 “Father? You...” Fang Yuan was stunned, his expression contained suspicion and shock that seemed extremely natural.


 “I will tell you the truth, I think the same as you. I was trying to probe you earlier, I was unable to speak the truth, there is a reason behind all this.” The dragonman Gu Immortal sighed deeply.


 “What do you mean? Father, do you mean that...?” Fang Yuan seemed to have reacted as his eyes shined with delight and surprise, it was as if he had just understood what happened but did not dare to believe it, his expression was precise and flawless.


 But internally, he sighed in relief: “This was it after all, my analysis was right.”


 “Within the sect, the conflict between the dragonmen and humans is intensifying, we can see this from just the youngsters’ conflict.”


 “That school field earlier was an important area with an immortal formation, the sect higher-ups must have sensed something. If the dragonman Gu Immortal wanted to endure it, why would he not know of it? Why would he arrive after it ended?”


 “Looking at this study room, the furniture is huge and placed in a grand fashion, this displays the dragonman Gu Immortal’s huge ambition in full view.”


 “He called me Wu Shuai in front of the youngster dragonmen but called me unfilial son when we got to the study room, he was saving my reputation.”


 “He wants to nurture me into his assistant, his successor.”


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan finally understood the workings of this dream realm and the intentions of Dragon Palace in holding this test!



***
Chapter 1829 - Green Ant Recruiting Disciple


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan’s main body which was hidden within the clouds had a change of expression: “Oh? My clone’s luck transformed again!”


 Fang Yuan took a look at the huge and dense black cloud luck beside Cooking Luck Pot.


 Within the black cloud luck, four different phenomena that represented the four rank eight Gu Immortals defended this black cloud luck.


 The purple dragon luck of Fang Yuan’s clone was surrounded by the black cloud luck, it was growling inside.


 The purple dragon was more energetic now, traces of azure-purple luck continued to be converted from the black cloud luck as it entered the dragon’s body.


 With this boost, the purple dragon expanded in size, its claws and teeth also became sharper.


 The most evident change was that this dragon was originally lying down in a circular manner but now, it stretched its body and took the initiative to attack, it started to probe the black cloud luck.


 “From motionless to active with greater morale, it seems that my clone has made a breakthrough in the dream realm, he knows how to act now so he has the initiative. This is a good thing!”


 “It is a pity that I cannot use luck path methods to help my clone anymore.”


 If the dragonman clone went in with his soul only and his body was outside, Fang Yuan could still barely send him good luck.


 But now, the dragonman clone went inside with both body and soul, completely isolated by the dream realms, all luck path methods were kept out of range.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was helpless too, unless he could take away some of the dream realms and expose the dragonman clone’s body.


 Or in the future, when his dream path research results gets to a higher level and Fang Yuan learns how to mix luck path with dream path, he would be able to target the dream realm’s concealment.


 The dream realm continued.


 Dragonman clone analyzed the surroundings clearly and considered his options, because of his ‘heartfelt’ declaration, his father recognized him and he passed the second scene of the dream realm.


 However, he needed to probe for more information.


 Within the study room, Fang Yuan asked: “Father, since we are on the same side, can you tell me how we can make the dragonman race prosper? I am sure father has a plan, please teach me.”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal smiled: “We have a plan since long ago, I will tell you the truth, not only me but many of our dragonman comrades are working together. But you cannot learn of their identities yet, this is to protect them and also yourself.”


 “The first step to any great plan is secrecy. It is easier to work in secret than acting openly. I understand that.” Fang Yuan nodded but he asked again: “But any great plan would have a resolution, right?”


 “Our resolution is this.” The dragonman Gu Immortal smiled as he lifted his pen, writing the final word of the paper on this table — ‘Xia’!


 When put together with the first three words, it made up the phrase[1] ‘Dragons Roam The World’.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal suddenly let out a breath, it cut the paper like a sharp blade.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal took a small portion of the paper and passed it to Fang Yuan, there was only one word on it — ‘Xia’.


 The remaining ‘Long Xing Tian’ was burned to ashes by the dragonman Gu Immortal, he waved his sleeves and incinerated the paper.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal looked at the ashes on the table as he sighed: “One day, our dragonman race will soar the heavens, the world will be beneath our feet. But now, humanity is incredibly strong, they are the overlords of the world. Looking at the situation, our dragonman race is too weak and small, we do not have any alliances with variant humans in the outside world, while we are still a subordinate force of the humans ourselves.”


 “To soar the heavens, we need to ascend first. Right now, we need to endure our position below the humans, to accumulate and gather foundation. Our dragonman race has just been created, our foundation is too thin, but thankfully, because we were born from humans, our relationship to them is also the deepest. Especially in Central Continent, we have members in all ten great ancient sects. We need to learn and accumulate our foundation to catch up to the humans.”


 Fang Yuan continued asking: “Then what should I do?”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal smiled: “You are already contributing now. When you were a child, I saw your potential and purposely nurtured you to be an enslavement path Gu Master. Now that your enslavement path attainment is already decent, I have made plans for you to attend Green Ant Ascetic’s disciple recruitment ceremony.


 “Green Ant Ascetic?” Fang Yuan purposely acted unaware but his heart shook as he thought of a name — Ascetic Wine Couple.


 These two were husband and wife, a famous lone immortal great expert couple in Central Continent’s history. The man was called Green Ant Ascetic while the woman was called Wine Fairy. The two of them were childhood friends, they were extremely close.


 They were originally mortals but had their own immortal opportunities. Because of a disaster, they were forced to separate when they were still youths, but they missed each other and thought the other was dead.


 After becoming Gu Immortals, neither the male nor the female thought of marrying anyone. Thanks to a coincidence, they met one day and fell into disbelief and joy, it was like a dream come true.


 After talking to each other about their situation, the woman told the man: “I remember that you enjoyed playing with mud and ants when you were a kid.”


 The man also laughed: “When we were young, your family operated a tavern, your life was much better than mine. You went to the streets and alleys to sell the wine that you carried on a pole, I accompanied you by your side during that time, I wish we could continue that forever.”


 Thus, the man called himself Green Ant Ascetic while the woman also changed her title to Wine Fairy.


 The two possessed great talent and morals, after becoming a couple, they lived in harmony and bliss.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal continued: “Green Ant Ascetic had once lost a bet with Hong Zhen of the ten great ancient sects, he agreed to recruit a disciple and let them inherit his legacy. The time for the agreement is now, but the ten great ancient sects have no proper candidate, because the Gu Immortal Hong Zhen who had caused this event died from tribulation long ago.”


 “Green Ant Ascetic is a human great expert who is a lone cultivator. If you can become his only disciple, not only would you get to learn enslavement path methods, you would also build a relationship with the Ascetic Wine Couple. When the dragonman race faces difficulty in the future, these two rank eight great experts would be a huge help!”


 So that’s it, I understand now.” Fang Yuan paused before continuing: “I will work hard and become the disciple of Green Ant Ascetic.”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal nodded: “Good, the ceremony is at the start of next month, you will enter closed cultivation now as I teach and train you personally.”


 The second scene faded away, the third scene started.


 High in the mountains, fog and clouds shrouded the air.


 In a bamboo forest, in front of a thatched hut on the empty land, the younger generation members of the ten great ancient sects were standing.


 These were all young geniuses with great talent, they were here to fight for the position of Green Ant Ascetic’s disciple.


 Fang Yuan was slightly dazed, he observed the surroundings and found himself among the youths.


 However, most of the human youngsters avoided him subconsciously, there were only two dragonman youngsters around him.


 At the center of the empty area, two young Gu Masters were fighting.


 Fang Yuan recognized one of them, he thought: “Isn’t that Zhang Shuang?”


 Right now, Zhang Shuang was at a disadvantage, he was fighting against a girl with yellow eyebrows, she had beautiful features and shining eyes that had double pupils.


 Fang Yuan had just arrived in the third scene, he did not know the situation, he quickly probed: “What do you guys think?”


 The two dragonman youngsters beside him heard this, the left one with azure scales said: “Wu Shuai, you are looking down on us. Even though we were eliminated and only you are left in this competition, the situation is very obvious, Zhang Shuang is going to lose in a few more exchanges of moves.”


 The azure scaled dragonman youngster was a little proud and spoke in a cold tone.


 But the yellow scaled youngster had a more gentle tone as he consoled: “Qing Suan, don’t act like this, victory is victory, loss is loss. Since you were defeated, why take issue? Brother Wu Shuai is not asking this to humiliate you.”


 The azure scaled youngster Qing Suan was indignant, he gritted his teeth: “Those humans are too devious, knowing that I am strong, they sent three humans to fight me in succession, causing my strength to fall greatly before that Tai Qin defeated me easily. Huang Wei, don’t tell me you couldn’t tell?”


 The yellow scaled youngster sighed: “Why would I not know? We were both obstructed, but the truth is that we lacked strength. If we were like Brother Wu Shuai, so what if they tried to obstruct us? He still made it into the finals!”


 Fang Yuan listened as he thought: “The azure scaled youngster is called Qing Suan while the yellow scaled one is called Huang Wei, meanwhile, I am already in the finals.”


 At this time, Huang Wei said: “Brother Wu Shuai, I truly admire your enslavement path attainment. But your next opponent is not simple, Tai Qin has extraordinary strength, she is on par with you. But you have already gone through many rounds of tough competition to get to this point. Meanwhile, she was basically given free passes every round to reach this stage until she met with the strong opponent Zhang Shuang.”


 Fang Yuan understood now, the yellow brows double pupils girl, Tai Qin, was his next opponent.


 He had a heavy mood.


 Because after some observation, he had some evaluation: “This Tai Qin is an enslavement path master, she mobilizes her troops without thinking in many situations, only relying on instinct but it still produces outstanding effects... she is a tough foe.”


 Fang Yuan’s enslavement path attainment level was only at master.


 He felt a little regret now, had he known this, his main body would have raised his enslavement path attainment level in preparation for this.


 But nobody could predict that such a situation would happen.


 “I lost.” After a while, Zhang Shuang had a pale expression as he cupped his fists shakily.


 “It was an honor.” The young girl Qin Qin responded with a cold expression, before her eyes turned to look at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 And at the final round.


 Fang Yuan slowly walked up.


 He walked past Zhang Shuang who had a complex expression. He wanted to encourage Fang Yuan as they were from the same sect, but thinking about his dragonman identity, he only opened his mouth but did not speak.


 After resting for a while, both sides started to fight.


 The youngsters surrounded them as they watched the battle closely.


 Ants started to emerge from the ground one by one.


 [1] Considering the language differences, I’ll leave the words in pinyin but this is what they mean.



***
Chapter 1830 - Battle Using Ants


***





 



 Fang Yuan immediately used his full strength to enslave these ants.


 Tai Qin did the same.


 These ants were created by Green Ant Ascetic, the content of his disciple recruitment competition was obviously to test the ant manipulation abilities of the participants.


 After Fang Yuan controlled thirty-eight worker ant and six soldier ants, he willed as they attacked Tai Qin with full force.


 Tai Qin had more than thirty worker ants and five soldier ants, she chose a different tactic to Fang Yuan, she made the worker ants build an ant nest while the soldier ants protected them.


 Fang Yuan’s troops had a little advantage, he also acted very aggressively, the youngsters watching all gasped in shock.


 Tai Qin frowned, flustered: “Why is this dragonman youngster Wu Shuai acting like a different person? He is so aggressive!”


 She quickly mobilized her troops, diverting the worker ants from the ant nest to move out while the soldier ants defended the place, trying to prevent their hard work from getting destroyed.


 Soon, both sides clashed in an intense battle.


 “To think that this would happen so early on.”


 “Wu Shuai’s tactic is different from before, he is taking too huge of a risk.”


 “That’s right, as long as Tai Qin defends herself from this attack, her advantage would be huge. Wu Shuai did not build any ant nest but Tai Qin has one, their power levels will be different.”


 “It will depend on their ant manipulation skill now. Because now is still early, just the difference of one or two ants will decide who gains victory here.”


 “Even though Wu Shuai is strong, Tai Qin also has deep foundation, they are equally matched. In my opinion, Tai Qin has a higher chance of winning, how could Wu Shuai act so rashly?”


 However, a moment later, the temporary victor was decided.


 Tai Qin lost a bit more of her troops, she retreated slightly as Fang Yuan’s side pressured towards her.


 “How could this be? Wu Shuai actually won against Tai Qin? Tai Qin made a mistake?”


 “She did not! Tai Qin is performing normally but Wu Shuai has exceeded his usual standards. Did he use any enslavement path methods or is he at this level normally?”


 “No wonder he had the confidence to attack directly.”


 Tai Qin had a grim expression, while retreating, Fang Yuan killed more of her ants in the process.


 By the time she retreated into the incomplete ant nest, she only had twelve ants left, it was a sad situation.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was merely in a slightly better situation.


 The ant nest had several routes, Tai Qin was clear about her own nest’s situation, she stationed troops at the crucial positions while diverting some attention to enslave more ants outside.


 Fang Yuan had a change of thought, he did not attack abruptly, now that the enemy was completely trapped, they had nowhere to go.


 Fang Yuan was not sure about the design of this ant nest, if he attacked now, his troops would not be useful.


 Thus, he sent them to guard the entrances and encircled the ant nest before he used enslavement path killer moves to enslave the ants outside.


 Ants continued to emerge from the ground, first were worker ants, followed by soldier ants, and finally, arrow ants.


 Arrow ants could shoot out sharp spikes from their mouth, after shooting three spikes, they would be weak, they would not be able to fight even a worker ant.


 But even so, arrow ants were strong, a small number of them could defeat a larger army. If one had a large number of them, when they shoot together in a battle, the power would be overwhelming.


 “Both sides will definitely compete to get these arrow ants.”


 “Indeed, if Tai Qin gets these arrow ants, she would be able to use them to kill the enemy ants guarding the entrance. That way, the troops inside can come out and counterattack.”


 “Even though Wu Shuai has the upper hand, the situation is not certain now, he can easily lose.”


 “It is a pity, if armor ants appeared instead of arrow ants, Wu Shuai would be able to use them to charge and advance into the ant nest, destroying it.”


 The youngsters went into an endless discussion.


 The two sides were competing in the most popular game of the generation, ant manipulation. At the start, worker ants and soldier ants would show up, but after that, the types of ants would be random. With the emergence of these new ants, not only would the enslavement attainment of both sides be tested, the Gu Masters’ understanding of ants would also be evaluated, as well as their management of the overall situation.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Qin went all out, but he had the advantage still.


 The youngsters saw this and were unable to believe it.


 “This battle area has a Gu formation, the ants closer to the competitor are easier to enslave. Tai Qin is enslaving ants near her while Wu Shuai is doing it to ants far away from himself, how could he possibly still have the advantage?”


 “Is this Wu Shuai’s real strength? How strong is he?”


 “We worked together to weaken him earlier, to think that he still had such strength left. Isn’t he tired at all?”


 If this was really Wu Shuai, he might feel tired, but Fang Yuan was not.


 Fang Yuan had just entered the dream realm, he was in a good condition, especially his soul, it was created as the main body’s split soul.


 Afterwards, even though it was turned into a dragonman soul and had not undergone soul cultivation, the foundation was still much deeper beyond ordinary people.


 Soul foundation directly affected enslavement path.


 For example, Fang Yuan’s main body was unable to capture many immemorial year beasts before the battle of Southern Border’s ambush, but now he could capture more than twenty.


 In the battle of arrow ants, Tai Qin lost.


 The arrow ants that she had diverted attention to enslave were all wiped out.


 Fang Yuan not only had arrow ants, he also had worker ants and soldier ants, they cooperated with his arrow ants perfectly. Tai Qin’s troops were diverted into two, making her end up in a passive situation.


 But thankfully, the arrow ants were not outstanding on offensive when they were in terrain like the ant nest with many tunnels and paths.


 “Even though I gained some advantage, it is not outstanding, especially when Tai Qin has been using her worker ants to build the ant nest rapidly in this period of time.”


 Even though Fang Yuan was acting aggressively, he was actually using the most stable method to achieve victory.


 Battle tactics were usually built on the foundation that one understands their enemies well.


 “Next, as long as armor ants appear, I will be able to attack and destroy the ant nest. Even if other types of ants appear, as long as they are not the cannon ants, I will be able to obtain victory with my advantage in numbers.” Fang Yuan was assured of his victory.


 He had a high chance of winning, the humans youngsters watching were not willing to see it happen, but they had no choice but to admit it was happening.


 “Dragonman Wu Shuai is going to succeed.”


 “To think that this competition would end up like this.”


 “To think that Wu Shuai concealed so much strength, he is truly formidable.”


 “Sigh! It is a pity that the great Green Ant Ascetic’s enslavement path inheritance is going to a dragonman.”


 Tai Qin had a stern expression, staring at the battle area without blinking. She also recognized that she was about to fail, but she did not want to give up.


 She gritted her teeth as she had an intense thought: “If I lose to a dragonman like Wu Shuai, I might as well have lost to Zhang Shuang earlier! I cannot lose, I don’t want to lose!”


 At this time, clouds started to form on the battle area, they quickly condensed into lumps of green clouds.


 A few breaths of time later, acid rain started to fall from these green clouds.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold while the youngsters gasped.


 “This change did not occur on the ants but the battle area instead.”


 “If an earthquake occurs, Tai Qin would lose without Wu Shuai doing anything. If any other change occurred, the situation would be unchanged. But this acid rain...”


 “Indeed, Tai Qin’s ants are all inside the nest while Wu Shuai’s troops are exposed to the acid rain’s corrosion.”


 “Wu Shuai has started to build his nest.”


 “It is too late, this acid rain gave Tai Qin a chance for a comeback, Wu Shuai’s advantage that was created by taking a risk is all gone.”


 Tai Qin was aided by the acid rain and got past her state of complete disadvantage.


 Fang Yuan had to pull back his troops and build a nest to hide from the acid rain.


 After the acid rain, even though the armor ants appeared, no matter how many Fang Yuan enslaved, he still lost the best opportunity.


 But after a while, Fang Yuan used his deep soul foundation to suppress Tai Qin, he won a few small battles and accumulated enough advantage to force Tai Qin into a corner, edging towards defeat.


 A huge battle was about to start, Tai Qin gathered her remaining forces to resist stubbornly when suddenly, an ant queen appeared.


 To subdue a wild ant queen, the Gu Master needs to use enslavement path methods and also beat the ant queen with the troops until it submits.


 But this ant queen appeared in the middle of Tai Qin’s forces.


 Fang Yuan immediately attacked, but no matter how large his army was, he could not break through Tai Qin’s last few defensive lines.


 Tai Qin gave it her all and used methods that carried backlash to herself but finally subdued the ant queen.


 Even though the ant queen was injured, it had a special power to allow ally ants to move faster, have higher defense, and attack more fiercely, her overall strength increased greatly as a result.


 Fang Yuan’s ants were not powered up, even though he had a larger army, they were all cannon fodder.


 After failing to take her down for a long time, Fang Yuan chose to retreat wisely, he left behind some troops to stall Tai Qin.


 After the first ant queen appears, more would follow.


 Soon, new ant queens appeared and got captured by both sides.


 As such, the battle between them went into a deadlock again.


 As the number of ants that both sides controlled increased, more ant nests were built, the battle area became dominated by both sides as their troops fought intensely.


 Tai Qin had a pale expression, so did Fang Yuan.


 However, with his rich experience, he gradually gained the upper hand.


 Rumble!


 Right when Fang Yuan was about to deal the decisive blow, an earthquake happened as Fang Yuan faced a devastating loss, most of his ant nests were destroyed.


 Even though Tai Qin faced the same situation, she had fewer nests to begin with, her losses were smaller.


 Both sides were evenly matched again.


 The youngsters went into a commotion again.


 “It happened again!”


 “Whenever she gets into a disadvantage, changes occur to help Tai Qin.”


 “Isn’t Tai Qin’s luck too good?”


 “It has happened three times already.”


 “Is someone cheating?”


 “How can that be? This area was set up by Green Ant Ascetic personally, if Tai Qin could cheat, she would have won already!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned colder.


 “This is trouble.” He thought.


 According to his luck, even if he lost the connection to the main body, he would not be this unlucky.


 “The most likely possibility is that this dream realm requires me to lose, I cannot defeat Tai Qin.”


 “Thus, whenever I am about to win, a change would occur and cause me to lose my chance of victory.”


 “Then should I hold back and just lose?”


 In usual times, he would do this to probe the situation. But now, the dragonman clone only had one chance.


 If he guessed wrong, he would be giving up this test, in that case, the dragonman clone would be trapped in the dream realm, his main body would need to take action.


 The main body would fight the Four Dragon Generals, he would lose control of the situation, Dragon Palace would fly away.


 Fang Yuan’s plan would end up fruitless.


 What should he do?



***
Chapter 1831 - Heavenly Court Notices


***





 



 



 Heavenly Court.


 Qin Ding Ling floated in the air, she had an extremely solemn expression.


 She had been preparing this killer move for three days and nights.


 “Go!” At the next moment, she burst out with a grand golden light, the light shot out like a five tailed peacock, chirping and spreading its wings as it flew.


 When this golden light reached a certain area in the sky, it exploded and scattered into countless light specks.


 Within the light specks, a huge tunnel was vaguely seen.


 Fairy Zi Wei, who was beside Qin Ding Ling, became shocked as she shouted: “There was really a tunnel here!”


 Qin Ding Ling was bleeding from her seven orifices, her body shook as her face turned pale, she went to rest.


 “Thank you for the hard work.” Duke Long was around too, evidently moved.


 Qin Ding Ling breathed deeply for a while as she sighed: “Too close! If I had not soul searched Zhao Lian Yun a while ago and learned some information regarding Giant Sun’s all living beings luck true inheritance, with just my own attainment, I would not have found Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements here.”


 Duke Long snorted coldly: “This Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had ill intentions, back when he toured Heavenly Court, he already set up this hidden path. This luck path true inheritance is truly profound, even our great Heavenly Court could not detect it. But heaven’s will favors our Heavenly Court, at the crucial moment, Fairy Qin woke up and exposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s devious scheme.”


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply too: “With this arrangement, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created a way to enter Heavenly Court. If it activates, Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals might likely attack us directly.”


 “Indeed, that is the behavior of these Northern Plains brutes.” Duke Long said.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined with bright light: “However, since we found this in advance, we can deal with this arrangement. We can even make use of it to ambush Northern Plains instead. This will be very helpful for the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention in a few years.”


 Qin Ding Ling made a huge contribution but she still had a grim expression, she sighed: “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has three true inheritances of self luck, all living beings luck, and heaven and earth luck. In order to deal with him, I cultivated all living beings luck alone, after so many years, I thought that I had reached his level. But today, I learned that our difference is still so immense.”


 Fairy Zi Wei consoled her: “None of the venerables can be assessed using common sense. Senior’s luck path attainment is already Heavenly Court’s blessing, it allowed us to overcome our greatest weakness. From now on, Heavenly Court also has a proper luck path true inheritance.”


 Qin Ding Ling said: “To guard against accidents, I have already placed my luck path true inheritance in the treasury. But the best case is to obtain Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritances. It is a pity that even though Zhao Lian Yun saw the all living beings luck true inheritance in Imperial Court blessed land, she was too weak then and only obtained a tiny portion. That Ma Hong Yun was the user of Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he must have known more information, but Fang Yuan captured him instead.”


 Mentioning Fang Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei frowned: “Speaking of which, Fang Yuan has not shown up for a long time, even though we placed a lot of defense in the River of Time, Fang Yuan is nowhere to be seen. He has Myriad Year Flying Warship but does not show much interest in Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Is it because we cannot detect his traces or...”


 Mentioning Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Duke Long frowned too, he said: “Let’s make the worst case assumption, we will treat it as if Fang Yuan has already obtained Red Lotus’ true inheritance.”


 “To subdue Fang Yuan, in my opinion, the focus is still on Gu Yue Fang Zheng.” Qin Ding Ling smiled.


 Different from the previous life, Gu Yue Fang Zheng received a great amount of attention, he was already a significant figure to Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei.


 Through Heavenly Court’s arrangements and a great deal of resources, Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s strength was also improving rapidly.


 Immortal killer move — Blood Turns Cold!


 Three desolate beasts became slower as they eventually froze and fell on the ground, grunting.


 The victor, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, floated in the air, looking at the three desolate beasts lying below him as his robe remained clean and untouched.


 “Blood path killer moves are truly powerful.” Zhao Lian Yun was standing beside him as they fought together.


 Fang Zheng cupped his fists: “It was all thanks to your help, fairy, otherwise, why would I get so many opportunities to fight in real combat?”


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled: “We both have a common goal, we should work together, right?”


 Similar to the previous life, Zhao Lian Yun also took the initiative to befriend Fang Zheng.


 Zhao Lian Yun loved Ma Hong Yun but he was killed by Fang Yuan. Even though he died, the soul remained, there was a chance of reviving him.


 “Heavenly Court follows the will of heaven, they do not want to revive Hong Yun. After all, if he revives, wouldn’t that defy fate?”


 “Even though I am Spirit Affinity House’s current generation fairy, Heavenly Court only treats me as a pawn, they only want to make use of me.”


 “Earlier, that female immortal Qin Ding Ling soul searched me, that is the best evidence. In this aspect, Fang Zheng and I are similar. We are both pawns, but Heavenly Court places greater importance on Fang Zheng.”


 “Thus, if I want to revive Hong Yun, I can only rely on myself, I need to find an opportunity!”


 Zhao Lian Yun made her own plans.


 Zhao Lian Yun knew her own situation, Fang Zheng was also no longer ignorant, after his experiences, he knew his own situation and why Zhao Lian Yun was acting like this to befriend him.


 Fang Zheng did not dislike Zhao Lian Yun, they were in similar situations, he felt a sense of empathy towards her.


 As the two spoke, Gu Yue Fang Zheng kept the three desolate beasts in his immortal aperture.


 The three desolate beasts did not die, after he familiarized himself with blood turns cold, he was now able to use it effectively to capture enemies.


 Fang Zheng had put a lot of effort into this killer move indeed.


 Originally, Fairy Zi Wei planned to nurture Fang Zheng through closed cultivation. But after Qin Ding Ling awakened, she told her to change this plan.


 Therefore, Gu Yue Fang Zheng took the sect mission and came to suppress the three desolate beasts causing chaos.


 The mission was completed now, Fang Zheng was planning to collect all his loot and return to Fei He Mountain.


 But to think that within the desolate beasts’ cave, there was a secret tunnel.


 To prevent the desolate beast cubs from remaining in the tunnel, Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Zheng decided to fly into the tunnel after a discussion.


 The result was surprising to both of them, this tunnel was incredibly long, as they continued to fly downwards, the tunnel became wider, it could basically fit a mountain.


 “This should be an Earth Trench, the three desolate beasts we caught should have nothing to do with the Earth Trench.” Zhao Lian Yun analyzed.


 Fang Zheng nodded but he had his suspicions: “I guess that too, but this Earth Trench is too strange. normally speaking, it should be filled with vitality, beasts and plants should be everywhere, but after we flew for so long, we saw no lifeforms. This Earth Trench is not simple, we should explore it deeper.”


 Zhao Lian Yun wanted to return but hearing Fang Zheng’s words, she followed him as they went down.


 “Oh, there is a blessed land here?!” Not long after, Fang Zheng found something strange.


 Next, Zhao Lian Yun also found out, she gasped: “This blessed land is undergoing tribulation, the blessed land got damaged and a loophole formed, causing it to be exposed to the outside world. It is so coincidental that we came at this exact moment, otherwise, if the blessed land’s entrance is shut, even if it were right in front of us, we would not be able to notice it.”


 “Let’s go in and see.” Fang Zheng was slightly excited as he spoke.


 Since this was a blessed land, there might be a Gu Immortal inheritance here, after all, blessed lands were created from immortal apertures of Gu Immortals.


 The two easily got into the blessed land, it was facing a grand tribulation now as chaos ensued.


 “Strange, the people here are really strange, are they the extinct beastmen?”


 “Looking at the situation, there should be no Gu Immortals here.”


 Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Zheng discussed for a while, they decided to help.


 Even though their cultivation level was low, they were not ordinary Gu Immortals, they had powerful methods and they soon calmed the situation.


 The people who survived in the blessed land knelt to the two immortals as they expressed their gratitude.


 Fang Zheng asked and found out that these people in the blessed land were not humans, they were dragonmen.


 “Dragonman, what variant human race is this? I have never heard of it.” Fang Zheng was confused.


 Zhao Lian Yun had become the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House for quite some time, she quickly frowned as she said: “Dragonman is a variant human race, but we are in trouble now.”


 She knew that she and Fang Zheng were pawns of Heavenly Court, they seemed to be moving freely but Heavenly Court definitely had methods to watch them.


 As expected, Gu Immortals descended soon after.


 Two female immortals.


 Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun knew them, they were Fairy Zi Wei and Qin Ding Ling.


 Fang Zheng did not understand: “This blessed land is so ordinary, it is not outstanding, why did these two great experts come here?”


 Qin Ding Ling and Fairy Zi Wei were in a good mood, it was evident from their facial expressions.


 “Fang Zheng, you made a huge contribution again, good work. Your job here is done, you can leave now.” Qin Ding Ling smiled as she sent Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun away.


 Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun had to obey her as they flew back to their respective sects.


 A moment later, Fairy Zi Wei obtained the information she needed: “This blessed land belongs to Duke Long’s grandson, Wu Shuai, no wonder it was hidden for so long, even Lord Duke Long was deceived.”


 “The dragonmen in this blessed land are all Wu Shuai’s bloodline descendants, there are pure dragonmen and also dragonman-human mixed bloods.”


 “These dragonmen are not important, but this blessed land hides the clues to Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace! Senior Qin, you were right, Fang Zheng is truly our lucky star!”


 Fairy Zi Wei had a joyful tone.


 Because one of the creators of Dragon Palace was Wu Shuai.


 Heavenly Court had been looking for Dragon Palace but progress was slow. Now that they obtained this important clue, as long as they solved it, with Heavenly Court’s efforts, they would be able to deduce Dragon Palace’s location.


 “There is no time!” Qin Ding Ling had a solemn expression: “Fang Zheng is the arrangement of heaven’s will to deal with Fang Yuan. Since he found this blessed land and exposed Dragon Palace, it means that Fang Yuan must be trying to obtain Dragon Palace himself.”


 Fairy Zi Wei heard this and did not dare to waste time, she quickly went back to Heavenly Court to make her deductions.



***
Chapter 1832 - Changing Duke Long’s Luck


***





 



 Deep in Eastern Sea, the following scene of Dragon Palace’s dream realm was undergoing.


 The dragonman clone manipulated the ant army as it charged forward.


 There were thousands of black ants moving in a tight formation. Among them, armor ants paved the way at the front while arrow ants stayed at the rear, the ant queen was well protected in the middle. At the very end of the army were cannon ants, they were bulky and moved slowly.


 In front of dragonman clone, Tai Qin was similarly controlling her ant army.


 “Senior brother, here I come!” The yellow eyebrows girl shouted as her army pressed forward, attacking Fang Yuan’s troops.


 Fang Yuan quickly willed as he stabilized his formation, defending with the armor ants while attacking with the cannon ants.


 Tai Qin controlled mainly spear ants and sprint ants, they were very offensive in nature.


 Fang Yuan smiled secretly to himself: “Ever since the disciple ceremony of Green Ant Ascetic, Tai Qin was motivated due to the defeat against me, she changed her cautious attitude in battle and became very aggressive, often choosing to attack first.”


 At this time, two groups of sprint ants encircled him from the left and right.


 Tai Qin’s tactic was very clear, she wanted to use the sprint ants’ speed to rapidly attack Fang Yuan’s cannon ants.


 Cannon ants had powerful long range attacks that could kill many spear ants in a frontal battle. But it moved slowly and had weak defense, if the two groups of sprint ants got close and attacked, it would definitely get killed.


 “This is an appropriate tactic, however, since I moved in this formation, why would I not anticipate this weakness in the formation? Oh junior sister...” Fang Yuan smiled at the girl in front of him.


 “Then let’s fight, senior brother!” The yellow eyebrows girl shouted, her eyes shined with bright light as she exerted her full force.


 As the sprint ants move closer, Fang Yuan’s entire ant army retreated, encircling the cannon ants at the back. The entire process was fluid and smooth.


 Tai Qin saw this and her eyes widened as she sighed with a cute expression: “So amazing! Senior brother, you are able to control all of the ants at the same time! You have already mastered our master’s ant thought killer move?”


 Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded.


 Tai Qin gritted her teeth: “Even so, I will not give up easily! Senior brother, I will take down your frontal troops.”


 It turned out that in order to retreat, Fang Yuan left his armor ants at the front lines, blocking Tai Qin’s spear ants.


 Fang Yuan’s ant army retreated successfully, but they were separated from the armor ants in the process.


 The armor ants did not last long, they were quickly wiped out by the spear ants which had greater numbers.


 Spear ants moved like the tides, pressing forward.


 Fang Yuan had already prepared his arrow ants at the most outer layer, they continued to shoot out their arrows. At the same time, cannon ants flew into the sky and blasted the spear ant army, killing many of them in the process.


 Due to Fang Yuan’s barrage of attacks, Tai Qin finally lost as her ant army got obliterated.


 “Sigh! I lost again, senior brother, you are really amazing!!” The girl let out a breath of turbid air as she looked at Fang Yuan with a glimmering gaze, there was a faint blush on her face.


 Fang Yuan saw this and understood why.


 Three scenes had passed since Green Ant Ascetic’s disciple recruitment ceremony.


 Thinking back, Fang Yuan still felt some lingering fear.


 In the scene of the disciple recruitment ceremony, no matter what advantages he had, accidents would occur to erase them rapidly.


 Fang Yuan did not surrender, he considered his options and chose to keep a stalemate, preventing the yellow eyebrows girl from winning.


 Eventually, they ended in a draw after reaching the limits of a Gu Master, Green Ant Ascetic appeared to stop them and took both of them as disciples.


 The reason was that Green Ant Ascetic chose his disciple using ant manipulation on the surface but he had his own intentions to test the nature of the Gu Master and how long they could persevere.


 If Fang Yuan admitted defeat, he would not meet this criteria, the dream realm exploration would fail.


 Thus, to pass the ceremony, he could not win or lose, it had to be a draw.


 After that hurdle, in the following few scenes, Green Ant Ascetic imparted his knowledge to them. Fang Yuan gained many Gu worms and his main opponent was this junior sister Tai Qin.


 Tai Qin had never won a single time when she sparred against Fang Yuan.


 Initially, she was not convinced, but gradually, she admitted her inferiority and even had some sort of affection brewing that she was unclear of.


 “Great, it seems that the clone is making good progress in the dream realm.” Fang Yuan observed his dragonman clone’s luck as he spoke.


 This purple dragon luck had expanded in size by several times, its surrounding black cloud luck had shrunken by thirty percent.


 At the same time, the azure-purple qi produced from the black clouds became denser and thicker.


 But at this time, blood red light flew over from the west.


 This blood red light was huge, it floated above the purple dragon’s head but did not merge with the black cloud luck.


 Within the blood red light, there were the vague figures of a golden phoenix and a divine dragon, they had an incredible and threatening aura.


 “What is going on? What changes are occurring?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 He quickly deduced.


 “This blood light luck is more than ten times the size of the original one! It is coming from the west, west from Eastern Sea is either Western Desert or Central Continent.”


 “The blood light luck has not attacked yet, showing that now is not the time for its move. It is so big, it should be from Central Continent’s Heavenly Court!”


 “How did Heavenly Court find their way here?”


 “In the previous life, they did not come here at this time. Is it the ink effect from my rebirth?”


 Fang Yuan lacked information, but he deduced many possibilities.


 He was not shocked, in fact, he had plans against this.


 Because Heavenly Court was his biggest enemy all along!


 Heavenly Court.


 In Central Great Hall.


 Fairy Zi Wei stopped her actions as joy flashed on her face: “I deduced it after all.”


 She grasped the location of Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace!


 This was because Heavenly Court had been sending people to secretly investigate the five regions to search for Dragon Palace all along.


 Even though progress was slow, after years of accumulation, they were close to success.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court found its own way to Dragon Palace. This time, with a critical clue, their accumulation led to great results, they quickly found success.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly told Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling about this news.


 “Dragon Palace needs to be retrieved. This is my karma, let me go and take it back.” Duke Long took the responsibility for this matter.


 Fairy Zi Wei immediately felt at ease: “With Lord Duke Long taking action, we will definitely succeed.”


 At this time, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression changed, she received some information: “Oh no, Myriad Year Flying Warship has appeared in the River of Time, Fang Yuan is taking action again!”


 “Coincidentally at this time?” Qin Ding Ling frowned: “This is too coincidental, let me take a look at both of your luck.”


 Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long did not reject her.


 Qin Ding Ling first looked at Duke Long, his luck was in a dragon shape, it looked like a flaming cloud.


 The old dragon lowered its head as it coiled its body, about to fall asleep — this was a sign that Duke Long’s lifespan was ending.


 Qin Ding Ling grunted as she observed closely, seeing that the scales on the old dragon’s body were turning blood red, its dragon head became more wrinkled as it showed an upside-down ‘mountain’ character — this symbolized failure!


 Qin Ding Ling was shocked: “There exists a person in this world that can make Duke Long fail?”


 At this moment, her vision turned blood red, her luck inspection killer move was forced to stop, the backlash caused Qin Ding Ling to cough out a mouthful of blood.


 “Senior Qin!” Fairy Zi Wei quickly went to support Qin Ding Ling.


 After standing firmly with her eyes still bleeding uncontrollably, Qin Ding Ling smiled bitterly while having temporary blindness: “Senior Duke Long, you are truly powerful, your dao marks are too numerous, my luck inspection killer move could only take a glimpse.”


 Even though Qin Ding Ling had a rank eight level luck inspection method, the actual use of it depended on the target.


 In Duke Long’s case, his dao marks far exceed the peak of rank eight, he also had defensive killer moves in the form of dragon markings, they activated earlier.


 “It was tough on you.” Duke Long asked: “How is the result?”


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head with a worrisome expression: “Not good, Senior Duke Long will face an intense battle if he goes, there is a chance of failure.”


 “How can this be?” Fairy Zi Wei was shocked.


 “This is not unimaginable.” Duke Long shook his head: “The world is vast and unpredictable, the River of Time moves endlessly throughout time, humans are merely a tiny segment of this. This is quite interesting, I am curious to know what can make me fail.”


 Qin Ding Ling added: “Luck is a variable, this only hints that Senior Duke Long has a chance of failure in this trip. But it is not a problem, I cultivate all living beings luck, I can use luck path methods to amplify or change your luck, Senior Duke Long! However... I need a few days.”


 “Okay, I will wait for a few days then.” Duke Long thought about it and made his decision.



***
Chapter 1833 - Qi Sea Ancestor


***





 



 In the dream realm.


 “Senior brother, was the dinner I made yesterday delicious?” After Green Ant Ascetic’s lesson, junior sister Tai Qin came to Fang Yuan and asked him in anticipation.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “It was really not bad, to think that junior sister had such talent, you will definitely make a good wife in the future, I wonder who would be so fortunate as to become your husband?”


 “Senior brother, you are making fun of me again.” Tai Qin’s face turned red as an apple as she spoke in a soft tone: “If senior brother likes it, I will make more for you.”


 “Sure, then I will be happy to eat it.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 At this time, a dragonman Gu Immortal appeared: “My son.”


 “Father, why are you here?” Fang Yuan was a little surprised.


 “Oh, hello Uncle Wu.” Tai Qin quickly greeted nervously.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal nodded at the young girl, smiling: “You are Tai Qin right, my son has mentioned you many times in his letters, this is a small gift from me, do accept it.”


 “Ah, no I cannot...” Tai Qin wanted to reject it but Fang Yuan received it for her, putting it in her palm and forcing her to keep it.


 “Take it, my father has come for important businesses, our lesson today has to end here.” Fang Yuan apologized.


 “Ah, it is not a problem, no problem at all.” Tai Qin quickly waved her hand and thanked the Gu Immortal before respectfully taking her leave.


 “Such a pure and innocent girl, my son, are you interested?” Seeing that Tai Qin had left, the dragonman Gu Immortal joked.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he thought: the dream realm has changed again, he spoke cautiously: “Father, don’t you understand me well enough?”


 “Hahaha.” The dragonman Gu Immortal laughed loudly as he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders: “I came here for important businesses indeed. The daughter of Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, Shu Jiu Ling, has reached the age of sixteen and is holding a contest to find her husband, any remarkable young man can participate, I want you to join it.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 He knew about the matter of Shu Jiu Ling.


 In the earlier scene, Tai Qin had mentioned it while they were chatting.


 Shu Jiu Ling originally loved Gu Immortal Fan Ji, she was impregnated with his child but he refused to marry her, constantly giving excuses.


 In the end, Shu Jiu Ling finally understood Fan Ji’s true nature, she felt extremely hurt, she stayed locked up within the residence of her mother, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, never going out.


 Calligraphy Pavilion Lady had rank eight cultivation level, she owned the Immortal Gu House Calligraphy Pavilion, she was a leader of Central Continent’s lone cultivators. As a mother, seeing that her daughter was in such a state, she became furious, she wanted to find that heartless man and settle the score with him.


 But Fan Ji was the last disciple of Black Heaven Temple’s first supreme elder Kong Yi Hen, he was also a rank eight Gu Immortal with no children but many disciples, his most beloved disciple was the final and youngest one, Fan Ji, he treated him like a son.


 Calligraphy Pavilion Lady could not act rashly against him, she had to approach Kong Yi Hen and seek an answer.


 Thus, Kong Yi Hen brought his beloved disciple Fan Ji to Calligraphy Pavilion as they negotiated.


 But something happened during this, not only did they not have an agreement, they even fought. After Kong Yi Hen and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady fought for a few rounds, they stopped. Fan Ji and Shu Jiu Ling became complete enemies as Shu Jiu Ling said in a rage, threatening Fan Ji: “Don’t regret this, you don’t want me, but there are countless in this world who do.”


 Fan Ji smiled coldly: “I came here to negotiate with you but you are going too far. I want to see who has the guts to interfere in this. I want to see who has the passion to be with you even though this child is in your womb.”


 Shu Jiu Ling fainted from anger on the spot.


 As her mother, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady definitely had to back up her daughter.


 After Shu Jiu Ling woke up, she wanted to arrange an open competition to find a husband, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady could not convince her daughter, she also felt that maybe someone else could give her daughter happiness. Even if her daughter does not like him, this event can distract her and lift her from depression and constant thoughts of suicide.


 Tai Qin had said it with excitement and joy, she was delighted and treated this as a joke.


 Fang Yuan laughed then but now, he could not laugh anymore.


 He thought: “The dragonman race wants to be independent and strong, they have a strong ambition. This is a good chance indeed, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady is a rank eight lone immortal who is going against Black Heaven Temple, if I can become the son-in-law of Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, with this relationship, I can lead her over to the side of my dragonman race.”


 As for Shu Jiu Ling’s appearance, personality, and the baby in her womb, they were not a concern.


 Fang Yuan did not care.


 Compared to ambitions, so what if he had to make sacrifices?


 Normally, only people who were able to endure things that were absurd could create unimaginable achievements that normal people could not do!


 “But junior sister Tai Qin’s affection towards me is growing, if I do that, I will be letting her down. This girl will be very upset.” Fang Yuan felt a sense of guilt in his heart.


 But immediately, he jolted in his heart as he realized: “No wait, what happened to me? This is the dream realm, I am Fang Yuan, not Wu Shuai, why am I feeling guilt?”


 “What a powerful dream realm, it actually affected my emotions!”


 “The last few scenes of the dream realm were very stable and safe, but it was subtly trying to influence me, I was actually affected.”


 “That was close!”


 If he had cold sweat, it would have formed on Fang Yuan’s forehead already.


 But he was in the dream realm.


 Normally speaking, when Fang Yuan explores dream realms, his body would be outside while his soul enters, he would often travel between inside and outside, there was a clear differentiation.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone went in with both body and soul, he explored it continuously for days, he was immersed in it. Even though Fang Yuan regained his clarity now and knew reality and dream, his emotions were actually affected earlier.


 This was a forewarning of danger.


 When exploring dream realms, the worst case was getting immersed in it and dissociating from reality. Emotions were the most powerful tool, once they were affected, all sorts of feelings would emerge, Fang Yuan would be trapped in quicksand, falling deeper and deeper until he got devoured by the dream realm.


 The dragonman Gu Immortal observed Fang Yuan’s expression for a while before nodding in satisfaction: “My son, you are truly unaffected by the restraints of love and affection, I will go and meet Green Ant Ascetic now, to tell him about this matter and get approval for a leave of absence for you.”


 “I will follow father’s arrangements.” Fang Yuan quickly said.


 River of Time.


 Boom boom boom!


 Intense explosions occurred as waves of river water shot out.


 Swoosh!


 A flying boat was riding on this huge wave, flying with lightning speed resembling a silver ray of light.


 It was Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 And behind Myriad Year Flying Warship, five Immortal Gu Houses chased relentlessly.


 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Bai Ning Bing and the rest went to their stations and fought with tense emotions.


 “This Heavenly Court is truly rich, they managed to rebuild Present and Past Pavilion as well as Eternal Yacht.”


 “Not just that, they also have Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, Shark Flow Lever, and that mysterious Immortal Gu House!”


 “Heavenly Court is truly the number one force in the world, their foundation is shocking.”


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest did not recognize Heavenly Court’s Moment Stage, in order to construct this time path Immortal Gu House, Fairy Zi Wei had taken out the core Immortal Gu of Million Heavenly King Gallery in Heavenly Court.


 Forget about the other four Immortal Gu Houses, but this Moment Stage was a rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 And there was rank eight time path Gu Immortal Gu Liu Ru inside Moment Stage.


 As Myriad Year Flying Warship fought against Moment Stage, the other four rank seven Immortal Gu Houses were not idling, because the situation now was quite different, Bai Ning Bing’s side could only fight while moving away.


 “No worries, we have advantage in luck, we can use the River of Time’s complex environment to cause damage to Heavenly Court.”


 “That’s right, after we weaken them sufficiently, we will counterattack.”


 A few days later.


 Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long was ready to move out, Qin Ding Ling who had a pale face and Fairy Zi Wei sent him off.


 After changing Duke Long’s luck, Qin Ding Ling’s condition was bad, she could not accompany him or join the fight in the River of Time, she could only recuperate in Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei had to stay in Heavenly Court to oversee the situation and prevent Longevity Heaven from launching a sneak attack.


 “The Immortal Gu House battle in the River of Time has gone on for a few days but Fang Yuan has not shown up. With Feng Jiu Ge’s Dao Guardian luck, we can make up for the weakness in luck, thus, we have the upper hand now.”


 “This Fang Yuan should not be underestimated, Zi Wei, pay more attention to him.”


 Duke Long said with deep care and concern.


 “Yes.” Fairy Zi Wei had a solemn expression: “Fang Zheng is ready now, he is inside Immortal Crane Sect’s Pine Crane Pavilion, he is already on the route of Lord Duke Long’s journey.”


 “Good.” Duke Long nodded as he turned into a purple dragon-shaped qi, vanishing on the spot.


 Fang Yuan inspected his clone’s luck again.


 The dragonman clone’s purple dragon luck expanded by several times again, it was energetic and lively, moving casually within the black clouds.


 Half of the black cloud was already an azure-purple color, this showed that the chances of Fang Yuan becoming the Dragon Palace Lord was much higher now.


 However!


 At the top of this black cloud luck, a huge blood light luck was already pressing down, it was very close.


 Within the blood light luck, the golden phoenix phantom was gone, only the purple dragon figure was left, it was huge and menacing.


 Compared to the blood light luck, the black cloud luck and the purple dragon were small and weak.


 “It seems that only my main body can stop this variable.” Fang Yuan had his realization.


 “Oh? He’s here.” At the next moment, his eyes shined with bright light.


 He saw that in immemorial white heaven, an Immortal Gu House flew closer. It was Immortal Crane Sect’s Pine Crane Pavilion!


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply as he activated his battlefield killer move.


 This qi path battlefield had been prepared for a long time, it had been waiting for this moment.


 “What?!” Within Pine Crane Pavilion, Fang Zheng was deeply shocked as his vision warped greatly, he became trapped instantly.


 “An enemy has ambushed me! But I have Pine Crane Pavilion, thankfully, thankfully... ugh!” Fang Zheng’s expression was filled with shock and fear.


 Boundless qi currents shot out like arrows, gathering towards Pine Crane Pavilion in an immeasurable number.


 The terrifying might made Fang Zheng’s heart skip a beat.


 “Rank eight killer move!” Fang Zheng turned pale instantly, Pine Crane Pavilion was just a rank six Immortal Gu House, how could it block such an attack?


 At the crucial moment, a figure appeared.


 Who else could it be but Duke Long?


 It turned out that Duke Long did not meet with Fang Zheng, he only followed secretly and instructed Fang Zheng to head towards Eastern Sea using Pine Crane Pavilion.


 This was also Qin Ding Ling’s suggestion, giving Fang Zheng some freedom would cause disturbance towards Fang Yuan naturally.


 But Fang Zheng moved with peace and serenity, until this moment when he met his foe.


 Without Duke Long, he would die without doubt.


 Duke Long pushed with his palms as the surrounding qi currents broke apart and crumbled.


 “Who is it? Come out!” Duke Long shouted.


 “I am Qi Sea Ancestor.” Fang Yuan revealed himself but he had a different appearance now.



***
Chapter 1834 - Fang Yuan Fights Duke Long


***





 



 “It’s Lord Duke Long!” Fang Zheng saw Duke Long and became surprised and joyful.


 He knew Duke Long’s identity, in fact, they had met before.


 “If not for Lord Duke Long’s appearance, I would have died already. With him around, I should be safe.” Fang Zheng no longer felt fear, he was assured.


 He knew what kind of person Duke Long was, this was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s master!


 Fang Zheng took another look at the person who almost took his life — Qi Sea Ancestor.


 This old man wore a white robe, his sleeves fluttered in the air, his long white beard drooped to his feet, he had a solemn expression and grand aura, the clouds floated quietly around him, giving him an immortal-like disposition.


 Fang Zheng could not recognize this as Fang Yuan’s disguise, he was curious about the old man’s identity: “This old man has rank eight cultivation level, but he is not any of the known rank eight great experts of Eastern Sea. Who is he?”


 Not just him, even Duke Long was curious. But Eastern Sea was vast and had the most resources among the five regions, it was normal to have a hidden rank eight cultivator.


 Immediately, Duke Long smiled “Qi Sea Ancestor... as a rank eight, it is fine to call yourself an ancestor. But calling yourself Qi Sea in front of me, you are simply too arrogant.”


 Fang Zheng heard this and had a thought: “That’s right, Lord Duke Long primarily cultivates qi path, followed by transformation path, he is a rare dual cultivator! This rank eight Eastern Sea old man also cultivates qi path, but he is going against Lord Duke Long. Hehe.”


 Fang Zheng felt a little sympathy for Qi Sea Ancestor.


 At this time, he heard Duke Long’s voice: “You have clear ill intentions, tell me, what is your motive for staying here and ambushing us? What is your relationship with Fang Yuan?”


 Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, he thought: “How did he link my identity to Fang Yuan in this situation?”


 On the surface, Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “I am a secluded cultivator of Eastern Sea, I do not bother people who do not offend me, but your Heavenly Court is too ambitious, you seek to take over all five regions and unify the world. In the future, you will look for trouble with me and attempt to kill me.”


 Duke Long frowned slightly, he retorted: “Qi Sea Ancestor, you must have been deceived by that demon Fang Yuan. We have no grudges with each other, this is our first encounter, why would we attack you?”


 “That demon Fang Yuan is crafty and likes to sow discord, you must not trust him blindly.”


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “I did not believe him at first, but this Fang Yuan pointed out many of my secrets, he gave concrete evidence. He is someone from the future, should I believe him or you?”


 Duke Long’s frown became even deeper.


 Fang Yuan’s accusation was quite shameless.


 If he targeted Heavenly Court’s past or current actions, Duke Long could retort with evidence. But talking about Heavenly Court’s future actions, Duke Long had nothing to say, even he was uncertain himself!


 In fact, even Duke Long had his own interpretation: “How can a rank eight Gu Immortal be so easily deceived? Since Fang Yuan convinced this Qi Sea Ancestor to obstruct Heavenly Court, in the future, it is likely that we really went ahead to attack him. In that case, there is no point in talking.”


 Duke Long sighed as he thought about his mission to retrieve Dragon Palace, yet faced obstruction here. Qi Sea Ancestor was clearly here to stop him, with this deduction, Fang Yuan was likely going after Dragon Palace now.


 “I need to settle this battle quickly!” Duke Long’s eyes flashed with resolution!


 Fang Yuan managed to deceive him after all.


 This was not just because of Fang Yuan’s modified familiar face killer move that was now compatible with his qi path methods. Most importantly, Qi Sea Ancestor was emitting a genuine rank eight aura now.


 Duke Long thought that Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Not just Duke Long, the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei and the entire Heavenly Court, in fact, the entire world, had the same thought.


 Different from the previous life, right now, the sovereign immortal aperture’s secret was not exposed yet.


 Fang Yuan had defended this secret very well.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


 Duke Long made up his mind, he wasted no time as he attacked with no hesitation.


 This was a transformation path killer move, immediately, a claw mark appeared in the air.


 Fang Zheng who was inside Pine Crane Pavilion gasped, to think that Duke Long was the first to attack, and he even launched a sneak attack!


 Even though Qi Sea Ancestor got hit by the attack, he turned into cloud fog as he faded away.


 Fang Yuan was guarded against Duke Long from the start, because this was his immortal battlefield, it was easy for him to dodge it.


 Duke Long’s expression did not change, the attack earlier was just a test.


 Now that he probed it, this was truly a qi path battlefield, transformation path methods were greatly restricted here.


 In that case, he would use different methods.


 Duke Long did not turn around, he directly pointed behind him.


 Air currents moved as a layer of bubbles quickly surrounded Pine Crane Pavilion, protecting it.


 “Thank you, Lord Duke Long!” Fang Zheng did not dare to wait, he quickly thanked him.


 Duke Long did not pay attention to him as he used another killer move, after a while, he pushed with his palms as multiple qi dragons emerged.


 The half transparent qi dragon moved rapidly, once it finds Fang Yuan’s location, it would attack on its own.


 “Lord Duke Long is truly not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal!” Fang Zheng saw these qi dragons which were all over a hundred feet long, they were majestic and grand, he could not help but praise.


 But at this moment, Duke Long raised his head, his eyes shining with a sharp light.


 “What sound is that?” Fang Zheng also heard the loud sound as he raised his head to look.


 At the next moment, his mouth opened wide as his pupils shrunk.


 He saw that a grand blade qi that was a thousand feet long, thick and wide, resembling a deity’s war blade, slammed down with a force that sought to cut this world into two!


 The blade qi was vast and grand, it created gusts of wind and rumbling thunder, Fang Zheng was shell-shocked, he was like a tiny ant, those majestic qi dragons from earlier looked like earthworms or snakes now.


 At the crucial moment, Duke Long shouted and used his killer move.


 Qi wall!


 Qi wall was the most common defensive killer move of qi path, but the method that Duke Long used now was not simple.


 He used a consecutive move, using qi wall three times.


 The qi wall first had one layer, before it expanded twice, it became thicker and tougher, it was the fusion of three qi walls.


 Boom!


 The blade qi landed on the qi wall, causing a thunderous sound that exploded intensely.


 Even though he was inside Pine Crane Pavilion, Fang Zheng’s vision still turned dark as he felt dizzy, his ears were bleeding as blood flowed out.


 The qi wall collapsed while the blade qi dispersed to a large extent, the remaining portion was not able to do any threatening damage.


 Pine Crane Pavilion was like a small raft, it shook intensely from the aftershock, constantly shaking.


 Fang Zheng took a lot of effort to stabilize the Immortal Gu House as his face turned pale, he was breathing roughly in a pathetic state.


 “How can this Eastern Sea Gu Immortal be so strong?!” Fang Zheng was still completely dumbfounded, his sense of safety from earlier had been completely erased.


 Duke Long was unscathed but his expression was solemn, he no longer had a relaxed mood.


 He raised his head to look at Fang Yuan who was high up in the sky, they were quite far apart.


 The blade qi earlier had an obvious aura, Fang Yuan’s location was naturally exposed now.


 Duke Long rose in altitude as he said to Fang Yuan: “That is a powerful blade qi, even though it is not elaborate, it has a lot of raw power. But how many times can you use this move?”


 Fang Yuan smiled, he was calm and composed.


 The killer move earlier had too much power, Duke Long thought that Fang Yuan had activated it after a long period of preparation.


 This was quite an obvious thought, but he had no idea that Fang Yuan was a special exception.


 “Oh, you mean this? It was just a casual attack.” Saying so, Fang Yuan pointed his index finger at Pine Crane Pavilion as he tapped.


 Boom!


 A grand blade qi gathered and shot out again with imposing might.


 Fang Yuan tapped his finger again.


 Boom!!


 Another blade qi with vast power followed after the attack from earlier with might that could split heaven and earth.


 Fang Yuan tapped his finger again.


 Boom!!!


 The third blade qi shot out with the same power, in fact, it was even larger than the ones before.


 Fang Zheng’s body froze on the spot, he was dumbfounded!


 “This...” Duke Long was also deeply shocked, the enemy’s blade qi killer move was very easily used, it was as simple as drinking water.


 But how could this be possible?!


 Of course it was possible.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of qi path dao marks, it was more than a million! Adding in the qi path battlefield’s amplification, it was reasonable that it reached this stage.


 Duke Long also had qi path dao marks, but the numbers were only thirty percent of Fang Yuan’s dao marks.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s blade qi killer move needed three qi walls to block.


 “He has such immense battle strength, to think that Eastern Sea contained such a character! Hehe, interesting.” Duke Long’s eyes shined with brilliance, his battle intent was completely drawn out.


 He looked over, those three blade qi were approaching rapidly with an unstoppable might.


 “It has been so long since I’ve last had a challenging battle.” Duke Long breathed in deeply, before his overwhelming aura burst out in all directions.


 Dragon roars were heard as he charged directly towards the blade qi!


 While Fang Yuan and Duke Long engaged in fierce combat, the dream realm in the sea was quiet and tranquil.


 “Junior sister, be careful, I’ve prepared this move for a long time.” The dragonman clone smiled as he spoke.


 The yellow eyebrows girl Tai Qin smiled delicately: “Brother Shuai, go ahead, I am ready.”


 “Good.” Dragonman clone waved his hand as the ant army flew, creating a golden river that crashed towards Tai Qin.


 Tai Qin also waved her hand, flying ants appeared from the ground and moved like a river as well, retaliating.


 The two ant groups met in the sky but they did not fight, instead, they fused together with no casualties.


 The ant groups merged completely in the sky, they were an entity now.


 Under the golden light, Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone looked at Tai Qin with a sincere gaze.


 Tai Qin also looked at him bravely, her face was flushing but her eyes could not hide the affection that she had.


 “Junior sister.”


 “Senior brother.”


 The two walked closer and felt deep love for each other, the ant army flew around them and danced in joy.


 A moment later, it was time to separate.


 “Junior sister, I need to go. Sigh, I want to be with you forever, but... I cannot defy my father, I have a family now. It has been hard on you these years.” The dragonman clone kissed Tai Qin goodbye.


 Tai Qin shook her head: “No, it has not been tough. Senior brother, you are forced to do this, while I had chosen this of my own accord. I will always be here, you can come anytime, I will be around.”


 When dragonman clone returned to Calligraphy Pavilion, it was already midnight.


 The moon was bright in the sky.


 He looked at the pavilion at the peak of the mountain as he felt a sense of sorrow in his heart.


 At this time, from the shadows, a dragonman Gu Immortal secretly flew up and met with dragonman clone.


 “Brother, when you were not around, sister-in-law went to meet with that Fan Ji again in secret.” The dragonman Gu Immortal reported with displeasure on his face.


 “Hmph, this slut.” The dragonman clone had a grim expression, at this moment, an intense rage emerged in his heart.



***
Chapter 1835 - Snapped In Two


***





 



 “Wait! This is just the dream realm, I am not the real Wu Shuai, why is there a need to feel hatred?” The dragonman clone was stunned as he quickly regained clarity.


 He blinked and subconsciously touched his forehead.


 He did not feel any cold sweat, instead, he could feel a pair of warm coral-like dragon horns.


 He felt a deep chill in his heart!


 “Brother, what do we do now?” The dragonman Gu Immortal informant asked again.


 Fang Yuan looked at him.


 This dragonman Gu Immortal still had a trace of his appearance in his youthful days, it was Huang Wei. He had once competed with Wu Shuai to become the disciple of Green Ant Ascetic, but had failed.


 But this person had enough talent and aptitude, due to the dragonman race’s diligence, they were highly united compared to the humans, they rarely had internal strife, this allowed all of the dragonman young geniuses to grow properly, especially geniuses like Huang Wei, they were nurtured intensely.


 Fang Yuan’s character, Wu Shuai, knew of his talent and wanted to befriend him, due to a coincidence, Wu Shuai saved Huang Wei’s life and they ended up becoming sworn brothers.


 A few scenes of the dream realm made rapid progress in terms of time, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal now.


 Fang Yuan thought about it as he snorted coldly: “A little impatience will spoil great plans, we will continue to pretend we don’t know this as always.”


 This Shu Jiu Ling had once been pregnant with Fan Ji’s child, she got abandoned and in a fit of anger, chose to have a competition to find a husband.


 Wu Shuai obeyed his father’s orders and became the husband of Shu Jiu Ling as they wanted to create a relationship with Central Continent’s rank eight lone immortal Calligraphy Pavilion Lady.


 Honestly speaking, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady played a significant role in Wu Shuai’s ascension to become a Gu Immortal, she provided lots of resources.


 But Shu Jiu Ling still could not stop thinking of Fan Ji even after giving birth to her son.


 After some time, Fan Ji was also reminiscing about Shu Jiu Ling, he decided to approach her again.


 Shu Jiu Ling could not control herself, she kept in contact with Fan Ji, they met with each other countless times, it almost became an open secret.


 Originally, Wu Shuai becoming her husband already made him the laughingstock of Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world, now, it was only worse.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals who had a weak nature would not care, but Wu Shuai was a heroic genius with great aptitude, it was not easy for someone like him to endure this.


 “The higher my cultivation level, the more easily I will succumb to this dream realm.”


 “After staying in this dream realm for so long, I’ve almost thought that I was Wu Shuai myself.”


 “Or maybe... this is the true test of Dragon Palace?”


 Fang Yuan’s clone had a burst of inspiration, he realized the truth.


 This dream realm was the test for Dragon Palace’s inheritor, it did not just test their personality, because choices in the dream realm might not necessarily reflect one’s true intentions.


 The dream realm was not just testing him, it was also creating an inheritor.


 Even if a person was unsuitable, as long as they passed the dream realm, after such a long period of brainwashing, the Gu Immortal would emerge as someone who hated Heavenly Court and loved dragonmen, they might even become like Wu Shuai, taking on the responsibility of the uprise of the dragonman race!


 “It is possible that those four Eastern Sea rank eights tried to explore this dream realm but failed. In this process, their minds were warped and turned into dragon generals!”


 “What do I do?”


 “I have already started to succumb to it, it is not easy to stay awake.”


 “The more I explore this, the worse the situation becomes! If I fail, I will become a dragon general. If I win, I will be modified into the Dragon Palace Lord, my main body might not even be my priority anymore, I will solely want to revitalize the dragonman race!”


 Fang Yuan’s clone felt his heart turning cold as he realized this.


 Regardless of success or failure, neither result was favorable to him!


 And the scariest thing was, even if he wanted to leave now, it was impossible. The main body had no idea this was the situation, no information could be transmitted out of this dream realm.


 “I had actually fallen into the trap of this Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace!” Noticing this, Fang Yuan’s clone did not know whether to laugh or cry.


 He suddenly thought of the previous life: “Wait, why was Bai Ning Bing able to control Dragon Palace and become the owner of Dragon Palace in my previous life?”


 Fang Yuan had never been able to deduce the truth behind this.


 “In the previous life, Duke Long had taken away Dragon Palace but he did not pass the dream realm test. Afterwards, it became Bai Ning Bing’s possession for some reason. This means that Duke Long did not truly obtain Dragon Palace, he only suppressed it forcefully.”


 “But even if he only suppressed it, how could he not know it himself? If he knew, why would he place Dragon Palace in Hidden Dragon Cave instead of Heavenly Court which was a safer location?”


 “Dragon Palace is an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, according to the battle in my previous life, Di Zang Sheng had also participated, it was likely enslaved by Dragon Palace. Thus, this means that Duke Long was trying to use Dragon Palace to subdue Di Zang Sheng?”


 “In the end, Dragon Palace subdued Di Zang Sheng but turned against Heavenly Court...”


 “Bai Ning Bing should have no time to explore the dream realms, even if she does, she has no ability to explore these dream realms.”


 “However, because the dream realms were taken away by Heavenly Court, Bai Ning Bing became a lucky winner?”


 The dragonman clone shook his head, after considering all this, his brain started to hurt.


 There was too little information, he could not figure out the truth of the matter.


 “Currently, I need to stall for time until my main body notices this problem and saves me.” The dragonman clone did not know the situation outside, Fang Yuan’s main body was currently fighting intensely against Duke Long.


 In this current situation, if he aggressively explores the dream realm, he would definitely be brainwashed, he would succumb to this dream and be unable to wake up.


 If he fails, he will become a dragon general. If he succeeds, he will become the Dragon Palace Lord but would betray the main body, his personality, values, and life goals would all change.


 Neither one was what he wanted.


 Immemorial white heaven.


 Qi path battlefield.


 Boom!


 An intense explosion whipped up a strong shockwave.


 Air currents surged, blowing towards the entire world, Pine Crane Pavilion was like a paper boat that swayed helplessly in this tsunami, it would break apart at any moment.


 Fang Zheng was completely dizzy inside, his face was pale without any trace of liveliness.


 “I am a Gu Immortal but I am not even qualified to watch this battle! If not for Lord Duke Long’s protection, I would have died without a proper corpse already.”


 Looking at Duke Long’s figure, Fang Zheng felt admiration and gratitude.


 After such a long battle, Duke Long was still energetic as he stood straight, his dragon scales shined brightly in the light, but his dragon eyes were blazing with anger: “Qi Sea Ancestor, you are such a powerful expert but you choose to attack the weak, you truly do not possess the disposition of a great expert.”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Attacking the enemy’s weakness is a righteous path tactic, that just happens to be my style of fighting. Furthermore, I am very curious, who is inside this Immortal Gu House, why are you, Duke Long, protecting them time and time again?”


 Fang Zheng did not know that Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was also unaware that his brother Gu Yue Fang Zheng was inside Pine Crane Pavilion.


 Even though these brothers were meeting, they did not know each other’s identity.


 And similar to the battle in the previous life, Fang Yuan also sensed acutely that the person inside this Pine Crane Pavilion was harmful to him.


 Fang Yuan attacked many times, Pine Crane Pavilion was within the range of his attacks.


 And because this was Fang Yuan’s domain, fog spread out and concealed his true self, allowing him to use killer moves with ease.


 Duke Long was kept in a passive spot, he defended more than he attacked, Fang Yuan suppressed him for now.


 But at this moment, waves of dragon roars resounded within the dense fog.


 “What’s going on?” Fang Yuan was bewildered.


 Following the waves of dragon roars, clouds started to gather and turned into giant dragon qi currents.


 Spiral currents continued to form and expand, they were like the undercurrents of the sea, splitting up the battlefield into multiple areas, a large amount of fog were drawn in by these currents and got devoured, as these currents expanded continuously.


 “This is a split move, what an ingenious killer move.” Without the fog to conceal him, Fang Yuan’s true body was exposed, he sighed in admiration.


 There were four main killer move manipulation techniques that existed, split move was one of them.


 Back then in the battle of Snowy Mountain blessed land, when many parties went after Ma Hong Yun, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had displayed a split move technique, he displayed incredible battle strength.


 Right now, Duke Long was also using this technique without causing a commotion prior.


 When Fang Yuan was fighting with him, he thought that these were just minor moves, but to think that they were all part of the same qi path killer move. When Duke Long activated them fully, a terrifying power was unleashed.


 “What is the name of this move?” Fang Yuan looked at these currents as he sighed, he knew that in the short term, he could not do anything to these currents.


 Duke Long laughed heartily, the anger on his face was completely gone, he was just acting earlier to stall for time.


 In a battle between experts, words and expressions were weapons.


 Duke Long’s battle experiences were richer than Fang Yuan, he could use these techniques casually in battle, even Fang Yuan was caught off guard.


 “This move is called reverse worm dragon, I only succeeded after ten years of practicing it. It was correct that you did not attack them immediately, because any qi path methods you use will only help them to grow, from worm to dragon, their power will rise by a hundred times, you will not be able to guard against it.” Duke Long explained plainly.


 He was not explaining for fun, he wanted Fang Yuan to be less inclined to attack, at the same time, he was preparing a powerful killer move, his grand aura could barely be contained.


 Fang Yuan’s brain worked rapidly.


 He did not see Duke Long use this reverse worm dragon move in the previous life.


 In fact, when Duke Long rampaged in the previous life, he had not used his expression or words to deceive his enemies.


 This meant that Duke Long was treating Qi Sea Ancestor as a powerful enemy, he was serious now!


 Reverse worm dragon’s profundity was not inferior to the killer move unlimited qi sea. Fang Yuan had also not forgotten about Duke Long’s trump card qi path killer move — Triple Qi Retraction.


 “This reverse worm dragon seems to have been created to counter battlefield killer moves, these worms are so troublesome to deal with, if they evolve into dragons, they would become even stronger.”


 “But so what?


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan smiled arrogantly, he attacked.


 Blade qi gathered and slashed down again.


 Duke Long was stunned: “He had clearly seen this move’s profundity, he should avoid it. By attacking now, is he trying to stop me from using my killer move, to disrupt my tempo and continue suppressing me?”


 Activating killer moves needed time. But Fang Yuan did not give Duke Long a chance. He did not feel disheartened, he stopped the killer move activation as he brought along Pine Crane Pavilion to dodge the attacks.


 “You want to suppress me but you are actually helping to raise reverse worm dragon’s strength, they will grow from worm to dragon, I will get a chance!” Duke Long was burning with battle intent, he wanted to fight with his full power.


 As expected, the blade qi landed on the spiral currents and got absorbed by them to a large extent.


 The currents grew rapidly, exploding on the spot as more than ten of them fused into one divine dragon, its body was long and majestic, it also filled this entire qi path battlefield.


 Compared to it, Pine Crane Pavilion was like a tiny mosquito beside an elephant!


 “Such a powerful killer move, Lord Duke Long is finally retaliating.” Fang Zheng saw this and became overjoyed.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan spoke slowly in a calm tone: “So this is turning worm into dragon, it is powerful. But... it is not enough.”


 Saying so, he activated his killer move.


 Qi path killer move — Yin-yang Great Killer Hands!


 Rumble!


 With a loud explosion, two huge hands, one black and one white, appeared out of nowhere.


 The two hands were so large they could loom over heaven and earth, they had an intrinsic pattern, at this moment, they grabbed at the qi dragon’s neck and tail.


 The huge dragon growled and struggled intensely, but the giant hands were unmoving like they were made of metal.


 Fang Yuan pulled with both hands from afar.


 Boom—!


 The huge dragon was directly snapped in two by him without putting up a resistance.


 Fang Zheng opened his mouth wide, he was unable to close it.


 Fang Yuan stretched his fingers as he looked at Duke Long, saying plainly: “Alright, I’m done warming up.”


 Duke Long had a serious expression, his dragon pupils shined with a domineering light, he stared fixedly at Fang Yuan.


 He opened his mouth, revealing his sharp white teeth as he said: “Great, it seems... you are truly a worthy opponent.”



***
Chapter 1836 - Steal Life Hits Duke Long


***





 



 Dream realm.


 “This is Censure Peak?” The dragonman clone looked at the floating mountain in the sky as he showed some amazement: “This is not a real mountain, it is like a phantom image.”


 “Indeed brother, I was shocked when I first saw it too.” Dragonman Gu Immortal Huang Wei was by his side.


 Two scenes had passed in this dream realm.


 They were currently inside Gu Immortal Wen Xiu’s grotto-heaven, because the tribulation was too strong, loopholes formed and a connection to the outside world was created, it got discovered.


 Wen Xiu was a legendary woman, an information path great expert that had died long ago. She was a lone cultivator and lacked resources, the reason she became a rank eight great expert was because she owned a special area — Censure Peak.


 A Central Continent Gu Immortal observed for some time before gasping: “Wen Xiu was truly formidable, this Censure Peak is man-made and is full of information path dao marks, it is akin to half a secluded domain of heaven and earth!”


 Along with Fang Yuan’s clone were many Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 All of the immortals were looking at Censure Peak, undeniably, it was the essence of this grotto-heaven as well as the most valuable resource here.


 Everyone wanted it!


 Huang Wei transmitted: “Brother, when we contest for it later, give it your best effort, I will help to defend you and stall for time.”


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan’s clone was answering when the surrounding Gu Immortals turned to attack him.


 “Strike first!”


 “Wu Shuai is the strongest person here, if we fight him alone, none of us are his match.”


 “How can we let the great Censure Peak end up in the hands of a dragonman.”


 It turned out that while Huang Wei and Fang Yuan’s clone were conversing, the other human Gu Immortals had already made their agreement.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan’s clone and Huang Wei fell into an encirclement.


 From all directions, killer moves approached.


 “Such guts!” Fang Yuan’s clone shouted angrily as his dragonman body charged to the sky with imposing might.


 A vast amount of ants flew with him, forming a golden river current that protected Huang Wei and himself.


 Boom boom boom!


 The human Gu Immortals attacked fiercely, soon, Fang Yuan’s carefully nurtured ant army suffered immense losses.


 Fang Yuan retaliated immediately, his methods were profound and powerful, quickly salvaging the situation. After a few rounds, he broke out of the encirclement and went into a deadlock with the immortals.


 After a dozen rounds, the Gu Immortals who encircled him became suppressed in the battle.


 Enslavement path Gu Immortals were usually able to fight a group of enemies alone, this dragonman Gu Immortal Wu Shuai that Fang Yuan was portraying had immense talent, he eventually forced these Central Continent Gu Immortals to retreat.


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s clone paid a terrible price while Huang Wei also sustained heavy injuries.


 “It was a difficult victory, but at least we obtained Censure Peak.” Huang Wei smiled bitterly.


 But when Fang Yuan’s clone was about to obtain it, he met with an obstruction.


 “What is going on?” They quickly found the reason, someone had secretly gone to take this Censure Peak as his own while they were fighting, stealing the fruits of the battle.


 This was none other than Fan Ji, the person who was having an affair with Wu Shuai’s wife, Shu Jiu Ling!


 Fan Ji had fainted on the spot, his soul foundation was too weak to refine the entire Censure Peak.


 “This fellow!” The dragonman clone gritted his teeth in anger, he was filled with rage, he almost attacked and killed him.


 “You can’t kill him!” The dragonman Gu Immortal Huang Wei who was beside him quickly shouted.


 “Why not?” Fang Yuan’s clone turned around with bloodshot eyes, he was filled with killing intent.


 Huang Wei explained: “Oh brother, I know your pain, but we both know this person’s identity. If you kill him, his grandfather will take action. He is now a member of Heavenly Court, but he does not move around normally. If his beloved grandson gets killed, he will investigate the truth and take revenge on you.”


 Fang Yuan’s clone was stunned before his gaze turned dark, his face was distorted from anger.


 After a long time, he sighed deeply: “Brother, you are right. I cannot kill him, otherwise, the best case scenario is that I get involved. But worse is that others might use this as a chance to deal with our dragonman race. How can I, Wu Shuai, implicate the entire dragonman race because of my personal emotions?”


 At the same time, in immemorial white heaven.


 “It should be here.” Shen Cong Sheng frowned a little, after inspecting the empty sky for a long time, he stopped frowning as he spoke with certainty.


 Standing beside him was Song Qi Yuan, he smiled: “Brother Shen’s investigative methods are very effective, in that case, let’s work together.”


 Shen Cong Sheng answered: “Of course, I want to know why Immortal Crane Sect’s Pine Crane Pavilion came to Eastern Sea sneakily and vanished here.”


 These two were not ordinary Gu Immortals, one was Shen clan’s first supreme elder and the other was Song clan’s first supreme elder, they had rank eight cultivation level.


 The two were originally on an important mission, but they found Pine Crane Pavilion by chance.


 At that time, Fang Zheng was inside this Immortal Gu House, having entered Eastern Sea.


 The two Gu Immortals were authority figures with deep knowledge, they recognized Pine Crane Pavilion as they wondered: “What is an Immortal Gu House of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects doing in Eastern Sea?”


 Shen Cong Sheng also found that a Gu Immortal expert was hidden near Pine Crane Pavilion.


 The two Gu Immortals thus followed from afar. Using Shen Cong Sheng’s investigative method, they did not lose track of this Immortal Gu House.


 And because they were afraid of alerting the enemy, they were too far away, when Fang Yuan ambushed Duke Long and Pine Crane Pavilion, they did not see anything.


 By the time they arrived, Fang Yuan had already succeeded in trapping Duke Long and Pine Crane Pavilion in the qi path battlefield.


 But Shen Cong Sheng’s method was incredible, after some investigation, he found a lot of clues, he deduced that an immortal battlefield was hidden here.


 The two Gu Immortals immediately attacked!


 “What is going on? Shen Cong Sheng and Song Qi Yuan actually came here? Did they have any agreements with Heavenly Court?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 The attack of the two Eastern Sea immortals made him immediately get into a situation of facing internal and external threat.


 Against Duke Long, he had to give his full attention without distraction. But now, he had to deal with Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng. It was really troublesome now, Fang Yuan could not deal with so many aspects at once.


 Rumble!


 The qi path battlefield shook as Duke Long noticed it, he became joyful: “What is going on? Someone is attacking this qi path battlefield? This is a good chance!”


 Duke Long roared as he attacked with even greater force.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he used the qi path battlefield to dodge attacks while aiming his moves at Pine Crane Pavilion.


 Attacking the enemy’s weakness was the best strategy, because Duke Long’s weakness was grasped, he had to go on the defensive and continually take hits.


 But good times did not last long, the qi path battlefield soon gave way as more loopholes formed.


 Duke Long had been searching for a chance, he laughed loudly: “Qi Sea Ancestor, your luck is pretty bad, even though you set an ambush, external forces came to attack. You have been targeting my weakness all along, but now your qi path battlefield is your weakness, break!”


 Saying so, Duke Long unleashed his killer move as the qi dragon soared to the sky, it could roam freely in heaven and earth, it could move unhindered over the universe.


 Fang Yuan quickly tried to stop it but the qi dragon was very agile, it directly targeted the qi path battlefield’s weakness.


 Fang Yuan could not stop it, he sighed as a huge loophole formed in the qi path battlefield, it rapidly expanded until the battlefield broke apart.


 Fang Yuan grunted as the backlash assaulted him.


 Duke Long did not attack him immediately, instead, he pushed Pine Crane Pavilion: “Go.”


 A wave of dragon-shaped qi carried Pine Crane Pavilion and Fang Zheng as it rapidly retreated, attempting to escape the battlefield.


 After the battlefield was broken, Duke Long returned to Eastern Sea, but he found that the ones who destroyed the battlefield were Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng.


 These two were Eastern Sea rank eights, they were not allies, instead, Qi Sea Ancestor had genuine Eastern Sea aura.


 Thus, Duke Long first made a move on Fang Zheng to send him away, so that he would have no reservations in the fight.


 “What is going on?!” Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng saw this, they became stunned.


 “Duke Long?!” They immediately recognized Duke Long’s identity, their hearts shook.


 Duke Long was extremely famous, he was the master of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he had great seniority. Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng had not thought that they would see Duke Long in this situation.


 And more unexpectedly, Duke Long seemed to be ambushed by a person who seemed to be an Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Heavens!


 Since when did Eastern Sea have such an expert, he dared to ambush Duke Long!


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng looked at each other in disbelief, they had a similar thought: “Crap, we seemed to have disrupted this Eastern Sea friend’s plans, instead, we helped Central Continent’s Heavenly Court.”


 “Friend, we...” Song Qi Yuan wanted to explain but Fang Yuan grunted as he flew like lightning towards Pine Crane Pavilion.


 Duke Long saw this and became enraged: This person seemed like a gentleman and an old expert but he was still targeting Pine Crane Pavilion even now!


 Thus, he gave chase.


 Duke Long was very fast, he soon caught up to Fang Yuan.


 The two began exchanging moves again.


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng took a few glances, they burst out in cold sweat.


 “These are both monsters!”


 “Since when did Eastern Sea have such an expert, he is able to fight Duke Long evenly?”


 “Forget this, he is obviously targeting Pine Crane Pavilion, what does this Pine Crane Pavilion contain?”


 “Even if there is nothing, we foiled his plans, we can take down this Immortal Gu House to explain our stance.”


 Song and Shen quickly moved, getting away from the battlefield and grabbing Pine Crane Pavilion from the horizon.


 “You cannot kill me, I am a prospective member of Heavenly Court, I am protected by Duke Long. I am Gu Yue Fang Zheng, I am also Fang Yuan’s brother!” At the moment of life and death, Fang Zheng, who was well experienced now, felt no sense of shame as he shouted, he did everything to preserve his life.


 Song and Shen stopped their actions indeed, they looked at this mere rank six Gu Immortal in surprise.


 Fang Zheng barely calmed himself down as he gulped: “Heavenly Court wants to use me as a weapon against Fang Yuan, they place great importance on me. You can use me as the hostage to extort resources and even Immortal Gu from Heavenly Court, I believe that Heavenly Court will give you a satisfactory amount.”


 Shen Cong Sheng waved his hand as Fang Zheng immediately fainted, he looked towards Song Qi Yuan: “Brother Song, what do we do?”


 Song Qi Yuan was frowning deeply: “It seems like we really cannot kill him. This situation is out of my expectations, let’s go back and watch the battle.”


 “Alright.”


 The two went back to the battlefield, they saw from afar that Duke Long had the upper hand, he was attacking fiercely. That Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal finally made a mistake when defending, he revealed a weakness.


 Duke Long had gotten rid of the burden Fang Zheng, he immediately grasped this weakness, attacking fiercely.


 Fang Yuan defended himself desperately.


 “Oh no, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal is in danger.”


 “What do we do? Do we reinforce him?”


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng hesitated.


 They had interfered in this matter coincidentally, they were still very suspicious now. Unlike the previous life, they had no idea what was going on!


 But at this moment, the two gasped.


 It turned out that Fang Yuan had changed his tactic, he moved rapidly and approached Duke Long.


 “Duke Long, you fell for it, have a taste of this.”


 Immortal killer move — Steal Life!


 Duke Long had a stunned expression as the killer move steal life landed on him directly.


 It turned out that Fang Yuan had pretended to be heavily injured and exposed a weakness so that he could obtain this chance.


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng looked at each other, feeling the immense shock in each other’s emotions.


 Because after Duke Long got hit by this move, his condition became quite weird, he floated in the air without moving at all.


 “Steal Life... why is it in your hands?” Duke Long looked at Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1837 - Duke Long Recruiting Fang Yuan


***





 



 Duke Long was hit by the killer move steal life!


 But Fang Yuan’s expression sank a little, because nothing really happened to Duke Long.


 Back then when Fang Yuan attacked Thunder Ghost True Monarch in Lang Ya blessed land, the effect of Steal Life was immediate. In the previous life, when Lang Ya land spirit used steal life Immortal Gu, he also heavily injured Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi, and Feng Jiu Ge, while Thunder Ghost True Monarch died.


 But this time, against Duke Long, this steal life killer move had no effect. This was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 But soon, he recovered as he said casually: “Fang Yuan gave it to me, but it seems to have no effect on you, why is that?”


 Duke Long said plainly: “I had once used the killer move heavenly dragon’s last stand, my lifespan will continue to dwindle as my strength rises proportionately. This is like Gu Immortals who overuse lifespan extension methods, lifespan Gu no longer work on them, my heavenly dragon’s last stand also causes other lifespan extension methods to stop working on me.”


 “And Steal Life merely exerts influence on the dao marks corresponding to lifespan. This might be why it failed.”


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan nodded as he smiled: “Such tricks do not work on you, but it will still be quite effective against other Heavenly Court immortals, I will save it for the future.”


 Duke Long’s expression turned dark, he was worried about this.


 Even though the killer move steal life was ineffective on him, it was still very useful against most of the other Heavenly Court members.


 In this current situation, Fang Yuan failed to defeat Duke Long because of Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng’s interference. Duke Long was aware that this was likely the result of Qin Ding Ling’s change luck, and also because of Fang Zheng’s presence.


 However, it would be extremely difficult if Duke Long tried to destroy steal life Immortal Gu.


 Because he had fought Fang Yuan for a long time, he knew that this Qi Sea Ancestor was very strong, he was not like any other ordinary peak rank eight Gu Immortal. It was possible to defeat him, but trying to kill him would be very difficult.


 Because he could not set up an immortal battlefield now, he could not trap Qi Sea Ancestor. At the same time, two Eastern Sea rank eights were watching near the periphery.


 Thus, after getting hit by steal life, Duke Long did not make a move.


 He spoke to Fang Yuan warmly: “Qi Sea Ancestor, as the saying goes, friends are often made after a fight. You cannot defeat me, but I cannot do anything to you either. The truth is, why do we even need to fight so intensely?”


 Fang Yuan had a thought as he said: “Oh, Duke Long, you want a truce?”


 He had deep wisdom path attainment, he could easily understand Duke Long’s intentions, he felt a bit of admiration internally.


 “Duke Long was ambushed by me and took a beating in the fight earlier. He has such a great status and seniority, his strength is also at the peak, but he has no arrogance at all, he remained calm and observed the situation with clarity. Once he understood that a truce was more advantageous, he immediately stopped the fight. This person truly has terrifying self-control.”


 Even though he was thinking about this, Fang Yuan spoke something different: “This is because Heavenly Court came to disturb and provoke me, I do not want to contest with anyone, I cultivate in seclusion, but your Heavenly Court is too greedy, you want to devour all five regions and unify the world. My existence itself was your biggest obstacle, therefore, you used a devious scheme to plot against me, and also gathered a large number of rank eights to encircle and attack me.”


 Duke Long heard this as he felt helpless.


 He felt maligned, Heavenly Court had done no such thing as of this moment. In fact, this was the first time he had heard of Qi Sea Ancestor!


 But he had no words to rebuke him.


 Because it was likely that Heavenly Court would do this in the future.


 “Let’s not discuss the fact that this could be Fang Yuan’s lie.” Duke Long nodded: “Even if this is true, that happened in the previous life. Looking at the River of Time, it is a matter at the downstream, it has not happened yet. In that case, since we know about it, why don’t we change it?”


 Fang Yuan laughed mockingly: “Haha, did I hear wrongly? Isn’t your Heavenly Court proclaiming to be the leader of the righteous path, you defend heaven’s will and try all means to repair fate? You actually want to change the future, isn’t that trying to change fate itself?”


 Fang Yuan pretended to be unaware, this was a crafty accusation.


 Duke Long smiled: “Heavenly Court does defend the Heavenly Dao, we want to repair fate Gu. But this Heavenly Dao is the Heavenly Dao that wants humanity to rule, this fate is the fate Gu that defends the human race. Qi Sea Ancestor, we do not have a huge grudge between us, we can coexist in peace. I will represent Heavenly Court here, we can make an alliance of mutual non-interference!”


 Duke Long spoke solemnly and with great sincerity.


 At the edge of the battlefield, the two Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals heard this and their expressions changed.


 Shen Cong Sheng gasped in dismay while Song Qi Yuan also had an ugly expression.


 Originally, after seeing that Eastern Sea had someone like Qi Sea Ancestor who could fight Duke Long alone without being suppressed, they were very happy.


 In the five regions, Eastern Sea had the most abundant resources but the Gu Immortals were not united, their battle strength varied greatly among each other.


 With the currently moving earth veins, new Earth Trenches were forming all the time, the five regional walls were weakening and the five regions were merging into one, this was no secret to anyone now.


 Once the five regions merge into one, the other four regions would face the intense threat of Central Continent.


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng were both first supreme elders that were rank eight Gu Immortals, they had great authority and could clearly see the threats of the future.


 In this situation, if Qi Sea Ancestor went against Heavenly Court, it would greatly benefit Eastern Sea’s super forces.


 Firstly, Qi Sea Ancestor had outstanding battle strength, he was on par with Duke Long, when Heavenly Court invades Eastern Sea, he would be a huge threat to them.


 Secondly, Qi Sea Ancestor was a secluded cultivator, he had not shown up after so many years, it showed that he had no ambition, because he was alone, he could definitely coexist with all the super forces in Eastern Sea.


 Finally, Qi Sea Ancestor clearly cultivated qi path, this path had been on the decline for many years, why would any super force in Eastern Sea cultivate qi path primarily? Thus, in terms of resources, there was no conflict.


 “Alliance with Heavenly Court?” Fang Yuan pretended to be stunned, he stopped his actions as he suppressed his aura and did not make a move.


 Duke Long said energetically: “Qi Sea, our conflict can definitely be resolved peacefully. Regarding your potential future losses, we, Heavenly Court can also compensate you.”


 Duke Long was an experienced person, he spoke frankly and had great magnanimity, his concern was regarding the big picture.


 “You can’t!” Shen Cong Sheng could not control himself as he shouted, flying over quickly.


 Song Qi Yuan followed behind him, saying: “Heavenly Court has a deep foundation, their so-called compensation is nothing to them. Right now, they have grand ambitions, they just want to stabilize this situation now, senior, you must not trust them.”


 “That’s right senior! We were rash earlier and ruined your plans, we regret it deeply now.” Shen Cong Sheng said again.


 “Furthermore, alliance agreements are bullshit, any agreement can be broken given enough time or if they pay a huge price. Senior cultivates qi path instead of information path, but Heavenly Court is different, they cannot be trusted.” Song Qi Yuan added.


 The two of them spoke like juniors because they saw Fang Yuan’s incredible strength.


 But why would Fang Yuan agree in the first place! He was merely stalling for time now, but it seemed that these two Eastern Sea immortals were more anxious than him.


 Fang Yuan smiled internally, he knew what these two were thinking with just a thought.


 Duke Long nodded: “Indeed, at our level, agreements cannot restrict us. However, friend Qi Sea has steal life, right? You must know its value, with this move, you have Heavenly Court’s weakness in your grasp. This is the foundation of our alliance. With this restricting us, why would we break our agreement?”


 Once he said that, Fang Yuan assessed Duke Long deeply. In the previous life, Fang Yuan saw Duke Long’s immense battle strength, but to think that he was so eloquent as well, he was not inferior to a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 According to Duke Long’s understanding, steal life Immortal Gu and the killer move were both given to Qi Sea Ancestor by Fang Yuan to deal with him. But these things were now used by Duke Long to push for an alliance with Qi Sea Ancestor instead.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 He knew about Duke Long’s plans, he must be thinking that Qi Sea Ancestor was not an otherworldly demon, as long as fate Gu was repaired, he would pose no threat to them. He could even be recruited to become Heavenly Court’s battle strength. This was the power of a sect system, how could clan based forces even attempt this? Normally, super forces could not recruit Qi Sea Ancestor, at his level that was equal to Duke Long, only the number one force, Heavenly Court, had the foundation to recruit him.


 The two Eastern Sea immortals were extremely anxious.


 They immediately spoke and pointed out that if fate Gu was repaired, due to the influence of heaven’s will, Heavenly Court would be unbeatable. Heavenly Court had a huge ambition, they wanted to take over the world, senior should not be blinded by them.


 These two Eastern Sea rank eights were also not stupid.


 Fang Yuan smiled to himself, with the two of them here, he did not have to waste his own effort, he looked at Duke Long without speaking.


 Duke Long looked at these two Eastern Sea immortals coldly, exerting pressure.


 But Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng looked at him fearlessly.


 Even though they knew that they were not Duke Long’s match, in the previous life, they dared to fight against him over Dragon Palace, in this life, they also dared to face him.


 This was not about courage, it was about benefits.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s stance was too important, they needed to speak up now, the two Eastern Sea immortals were not wimps.


 Shen Cong Sheng smiled coldly: “Lord Duke Long, why are you not letting us speak? Did we hit a nerve?”


 Song Qi Yuan added: “Look senior, this is Heavenly Court’s attitude, they are truly overbearing.”


 Duke Long snorted and laughed: “If not for Heavenly Court, why would there be the human race of today? Even if heaven’s will exerts influence, how much influence can there be? Can it kill you directly? If heaven’s will had such power, we would have unified the five regions long ago, why would we wait until now?”


 “At this point, I might as well increase the offer. Friend Qi Sea, why don’t you just join our Heavenly Court! After cultivating alone for so many years, you gained such strength, this shows your immense talent. But you must know about the pains of a lone cultivator, let’s just talk about tribulations. How many people in this world can actually help you with them? In Eastern Sea, is there anyone who can match you? You want to rely on these people for help? In fact, these two even ruined your qi path battlefield earlier.”


 “If you join Heavenly Court, I can help you with tribulations. Even without me, Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard has countless sleeping rank eight Gu Immortals. We also have the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei, who possesses Star Constellation Chessboard, she can help you with deductions. Qi path has already become a declining path, but Heavenly Court has Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s inheritance. If you make any outstanding contributions, you can even obtain Primordial Origin’s true inheritance in the future!”



***
Chapter 1838 - Fighting For Fang Yuan’s Suppor


***





 



 Duke Long made a huge offer!


 But nobody felt anything strange about it.


 Fang Yuan’s strength was apparent to everyone, his attitude could affect Eastern Sea and even Central Continent to a large extent.


 This was his value! In the Gu cultivation world, strength was supreme!


 Song Qi Yuan became increasingly anxious as he laughed coldly: “Lord Duke Long, you are truly shameless, earlier you were fighting to the death with Senior Qi Sea, but now you want to recruit him, who can believe your words?”


 Duke Long smiled calmly: “To trust or not to trust, that is up to the individual. You two do not trust me because you are afraid that Heavenly Court will go after your benefits, you both have your own clans and territories, you own many sea areas and you want to protect your forces. But Qi Sea is alone, he is not like you.”


 “Laughable! Senior Qi Sea is an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, if he joins your Heavenly Court, he will definitely be isolated and pushed aside by you all!” Shen Cong Sheng shouted.


 “Isolated and pushed aside?” Duke Long looked at Shen Cong Sheng in disdain: “With this kind of small-minded thinking, no wonder Shen clan has not done anything significant after you led it for so many years. The sect system is extremely accepting of outsiders, we only look at talent. And what is that talk about Eastern Sea and Central Continent? The five regions are merging into one, every Gu Immortal in this world will belong to the same region in the future.”


 Duke Long was eloquent, Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng were quickly rebuked until they were silent.


 However, even if Duke Long made sense, would Fang Yuan possibly join Heavenly Court?


 If Duke Long knew that he was talking to Fang Yuan himself, who knew what expression he would show.


 Shen Cong Sheng wanted to speak again, he did not want to give up.


 Duke Long snorted coldly, showing ruthlessness in his eyes: “Your tiny Shen clan wants a piece of this world? Ambition has to fit one’s strength. Otherwise, you will only attract trouble in the future. In fact, I can act as that trouble now and give your Shen clan what it deserves.”


 Shen Cong Sheng was threatened by Duke Long, he was furious and shocked but kept his mouth shut. He was here to convince Qi Sea Ancestor, he did not want to implicate Shen clan in this, or become the eyesore of Heavenly Court. Otherwise, when the five regions chaotic war starts, Shen clan would become the cannon fodder, that was not what he wanted to see.


 Song Qi Yuan knew that he could not show weakness at this moment, he clapped: “Such dominance, Duke Long, as a Central Continent Gu Immortal, you are threatening three rank eight Gu Immortals of Eastern Sea now, are you trying to take advantage of our good temperament?”


 Fang Yuan also snorted coldly, he had an ugly expression: “I am familiar with this tone as well, in the future when your Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals attack me, you will use this tone as well, thinking that you are the supreme overlords of this world and that everyone should submit to you unconditionally.”


 Once he said that, Shen Cong Sheng and Song Qi Yuan felt revitalized as they straightened their backs.


 They did not know that Fang Yuan was helping them out a little and supporting them because he saw that they were currently intimidated by Duke Long’s overbearing aura.


 This situation was quite peculiar now, earlier, Duke Long and Fang Yuan were fighting, but now, Eastern Sea’s two immortals and Duke Long were fighting for Fang Yuan’s support.


 Fang Yuan was happy to see this situation, he stood in the middle and watched the two sides, he would step in to help whichever side was weaker when the chance occurred.


 “This is a really rare opportunity. If I handle this well, maybe Shen clan and Song clan will become the eyesores of Heavenly Court after this.”


 Fang Yuan decided to sow discord, he was going to use this chance to intensify the conflict between the two sides, so as to influence the entire Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world!


 Duke Long saw that Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression turned dark, he felt a little annoyed.


 He was not annoyed at Qi Sea Ancestor but Fang Yuan instead.


 “This demon has ill intentions, he is most skilled at devious schemes, when he got Qi Sea Ancestor to help him, he must have aggravated the story!”


 “Friend Qi Sea.” Duke Long thought about it and spoke: ” There is mutual benefit in us working together and mutual harm if we become enemies. Many of these devious people are trying to sow discord and use you as their cannon fodder.”


 He spoke with both a soft and hard stance, he was not promising rewards solely, he was also displaying Heavenly Court’s deep strength.


 On the other hand, seeing that Qi Sea Ancestor spoke up for them, the two Eastern Sea rank eights thanked him while speaking ill of Heavenly Court, they were even more daring than earlier.


 Fang Yuan stayed at the center, sowing discord as he watched the two sides accuse and blame each other.


 After a while, they became more heated, their words were also more offensive.


 Fang Yuan observed his expression and saw that Duke Long was getting impatient, he knew that he could not overdo it, he smiled with deep meaning: “Why would I not know what that Fang Yuan is planning? But that junior is quite interesting, he promised me many things, he was even willing to offer venerable true inheritances. Even though I cultivate qi path, I also have descendants inside my immortal aperture. It is always good to make preparations for them in advance.”


 Fang Yuan was completely shameless, these true inheritances were his to begin with, he could say anything he wanted.


 Duke Long heard this and realized, did Fang Yuan also try to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor?


 But it was not surprising! This person was so powerful that in the absence of an Immortal Venerable, almost nobody could threaten him. Even Duke Long himself was only on par with him. Even though his killer moves were not very exquisite and he did not seem to have many qi path rank eight Immortal Gu, his dao marks were at an absurd number, it was truly a mystery how he managed to cultivate to this extent!


 Duke Long did not know that Fang Yuan had deceived him again, he laughed: “Fang Yuan is merely someone who got lucky, he is a pawn of the venerables, they needed him in their arrangements so they gave him some benefits and made him slog for it. In terms of foundation, how can he compare to Heavenly Court?”


 “Qi Sea, if you join Heavenly Court, you would not need to contribute your immortal aperture, you can keep it. Forget it, let’s not talk about joining Heavenly Court now, I just want to express my sincerity. In the future, if you want to join us, I will definitely invite you with open arms.”


 “Let’s talk about the compensation. Since you cultivate qi path, my Heavenly Court is willing to provide a batch of rank eight qi path resources that are extinct in the outside world, as well as qi path inheritances that are all exceptional for you to peruse.”


 Duke Long decided to take it slowly.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light when he heard about the qi path resources mentioned.


 They were indeed extinct, only Heavenly Court could keep them until now from the Remote Antiquity Era.


 Other forces could not compare with Heavenly Court in age, they would not have such treasures stored up.


 Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng saw that Fang Yuan was moved, they quickly called out: “Senior Qi Sea, do you know that Duke Long came to Eastern Sea secretly because he wants to obtain Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace. We just captured Gu Yue Fang Zheng earlier, we soul searched him and obtained a lot of information.”


 “That’s right, Duke Long only wants to stabilize senior now and retrieve the crucial Immortal Gu House first. Once he completes his task, who knows what attitude he will have later.” Song Qi Yuan added fuel to the fire.


 Fang Yuan was very happy internally: This Immortal Gu House, Dragon Palace, was rank eight, both Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng were very moved by it. They were even more anxious than him in wanting to stop Duke Long.


 But on the surface, Fang Yuan had a stern expression, he said solemnly: “I know some information about this Dragon Palace matter. I have also obtained a venerable true inheritance from Fang Yuan, we made an agreement. Duke Long, stop here. If you want to express your sincerity, this is the best action to take. I will not pursue what happened in the future of the previous life, in fact, we can indeed have a truce in the future. Otherwise, even if I cannot defeat you, I will go visit Central Continent first.”


 Duke Long snorted coldly, thinking in his heart: This Qi Sea Ancestor looks like he has a cool disposition and a sage-like demeanor, but he is actually so shameless in personality.


 Fang Yuan said he wanted to visit Central Continent, but he was clearly not going to just ‘visit’ it. Duke Long did not question the possibility of this, because earlier, Fang Yuan focused all his attacks on Pine Crane Pavilion, it caused Duke Long to end up in a passive spot, he had to withstand the attacks.


 Like how the two Eastern Sea immortals had their territories and were afraid of Heavenly Court’s threat, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court also had a great amount of territory, much more than Shen clan and Song clan, they were afraid of people like Qi Sea Ancestor who would be unrestrained and wreak havoc.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was a lone cultivator, he was all alone without any territory holding him back, he could come and go as he pleased. And most importantly, he was very strong, Heavenly Court did not have any effective methods of dealing with him!


 Other demonic path, lone immortals or even Fang Yuan (Heavenly Court thinks he has rank seven cultivation level) were not too threatening to Duke Long. Because they were not strong enough, even if they joined forces, they were not Duke Long’s match.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor was different, after their encounter this time, Duke Long became very wary of him.


 He had his trump card triple qi retraction, but would Qi Sea Ancestor lack a trump card?


 He definitely had one!


 Honestly speaking, reaching Qi Sea Ancestor’s level as a lone immortal was extremely rare. Such a person would have a huge influence on the forces around him, even if he cultivated in seclusion, he was still a huge obstacle to Heavenly Court’s domination.


 According to Duke Long’s mentality, such a person needed to be eliminated! Because they were too threatening to the repair of fate Gu!


 Thus, when Fang Yuan lied that they would attack him in the future, Duke Long believed it in his heart.


 But now, due to Fang Yuan’s interference, Qi Sea Ancestor was alerted.


 And Duke Long did not want to give up on the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace either.


 What should he do?


 Duke Long felt a headache.


 He thought that if he fought against Qi Sea Ancestor, Fang Yuan would want to see that happen, or rather, that was Fang Yuan’s scheme all along. But if he stops fighting against Qi Sea Ancestor now, should he really give up Dragon Palace?


 Impossible!


 “Qi Sea, those things earlier are just Heavenly Court’s compensation.” Duke Long said: “Next, we can talk about our transaction involving Dragon Palace. That demon Fang Yuan is too devious and scheming, he paid a huge price to get you to block us, it was a good move! But he is just a rank seven Gu Immortal, it is too laughable that he thinks he can toy with us rank eight Gu Immortals.”


 As he said this, Duke Long’s tone turned solemn: “Whatever resources he gave you, our Heavenly Court can give you more! Furthermore, I do not need you to take action, I just want you to watch by the sidelines.”


 “Oh? Are you for real?” Fang Yuan showed a slightly stunned expression.


 “Absolutely!” Duke Long said with certainty.


 “Senior Qi Sea...” The two Eastern Sea immortals wanted to interject but Fang Yuan waved his hand, stopping them from speaking.


 Fang Yuan looked at Duke Long as he smiled with a slightly mocking expression: “Duke Long, Fang Yuan gave me a venerable true inheritance.”



***
Chapter 1839 - Using Venerable True Inheritance as Bargaining Chip


***





 



 “Venerable true inheritance?” Eastern Sea’s two immortals stared with wide eyes.


 Duke Long gritted his teeth: “May I ask which one?”


 “Spectral Soul’s true inheritance.” Fang Yuan said immediately: “If you don’t believe me, I can show you a portion of the content.”


 Duke Long pondered for a moment before nodding: “I believe you.”


 At the same time, he thought: This demon Fang Yuan is truly crafty! Spectral Soul was already captured by Heavenly Court, in the future, we will obtain his Spectral Soul true inheritance as well, it is not an issue. This true inheritance has very little value to Fang Yuan now, so he used it for a transaction. But Qi Sea Ancestor does not have Spectral Soul in his possession, it is normal that he took the offer.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Duke Long, if you want me to step aside, are you going to offer a venerable true inheritance too?”


 Duke Long gritted his teeth again: “Of course.”


 “Really?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly: “Honestly speaking, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable is the person I admire the most.”


 Duke Long could feel his lips twitching, he thought to himself: This old man is also really devious, if he really admires Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable so much, why would he fight so ruthlessly earlier, he even used Steal Life, he totally wanted to kill me! But he cultivates qi path, it is logical that he wants Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, that can be my bargaining chip.


 “Friend, you may not know, the bulk of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance lies in creating Heavenly Court grotto-heaven, the rest of the content is quite little, due to many changing eras, they are no longer usable in the present world.” Duke Long purposely said.


 Fang Yuan frowned as he showed some disappointment: “That means you cannot give me Primordial Origin’s true inheritance? Then what can Heavenly Court offer? Star Constellation’s or Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance?”


 Regardless of which, they were useful to Fang Yuan.


 Duke Long chuckled, he gave Fang Yuan some hope, replying ambiguously: “We can discuss this.”


 The two Eastern Sea immortals looked at each other, they felt troubled, Duke Long was very ambitious, in order to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor, he actually decided to offer a venerable true inheritance!


 And the worst thing was that neither Shen clan nor Song clan could make such an offer.


 Duke Long was the leader of Heavenly Court, he had abundant wealth, he could directly use resources or venerable true inheritances to ‘flood’ Qi Sea Ancestor, he wanted to ‘overwhelm’ him.


 This was the foundation that Heavenly Court had accumulated over countless eras, Song clan and Shen clan were truly unable to match even a small fraction of it.


 Fang Yuan suddenly felt that Duke Long was actually quite likable. His style of doing things made Fang Yuan want to give a thumbs up.


 He was truly straightforward!


 Immediately, Fang Yuan and Duke Long went into a deep discussion.


 He wanted to stall time for the dragonman clone anyway.


 The two Eastern Sea immortals could only watch, they felt anxiety but also helplessness.


 Fang Yuan did not forget them of course, during the conversation, he continued to talk to them and allowed them to maintain hope.


 After he did that for many times, Duke Long noticed the problem, his gaze turned deep and dark.


 He knew that this Qi Sea Ancestor was using these two Eastern Sea rank eights to vie for more benefits! But it was not a problem, as long as Qi Sea Ancestor was willing to negotiate, it was a good sign.


 “But Gu Yue Fang Zheng is in Shen Cong Sheng’s hands, this is a small problem, I need to take him back.” Duke Long conversed with Fang Yuan while thinking about this as well.


 Fang Yuan was also thinking about Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 Earlier, Eastern Sea’s two immortals had mentioned Gu Yue Fang Zheng, but Fang Yuan’s acting was too good, he acted like did not mind it at all, he was a complete outsider that showed no flaws.


 But Fang Yuan had his own thoughts: “This dear little brother of mine was not just saved by Heavenly Court, he was even nurtured into becoming a Gu Immortal? Very interesting!”


 “There must be a reason why Heavenly Court is placing such importance on him. I do not know the exact reason but it is not a problem, I will take him away later and directly kill him.”


 Long ago, Fang Yuan had wanted to refine Fang Zheng into Blood Deity, but because of Heavenly Court’s pressure and due to many reasons, Fang Zheng was left to live in Lang Ya blessed land for a long time.


 In the end, an unexpected mishap occurred and Fang Zheng got saved by Feng Jiu Ge!


 This was not really a mistake but since Fang Yuan found him now, he decided to settle it for good.


 Fang Zheng was not very important to Fang Yuan, but since Heavenly Court thought highly of him, Fang Yuan would kill him. This was Fang Yuan’s usual vigilance.


 As for blood path, he had not many options back then, he needed to raise his battle strength. But times were different now, Fang Yuan’s interest in developing blood path was very low.


 As long as the Demon Judgment Board existed, if he cultivated blood path, he would be giving Heavenly Court information on where he was.


 Sometimes, Fang Yuan guessed that in the previous life, he cultivated blood path likely because of the influence of heaven’s will, it was a method to trap him.


 Thankfully, he had always been cautious, he did not attempt to continue using his previous life’s signature path for a shortcut.


 The more Duke Long talked, the more energetic he got.


 He could tell that Fang Yuan was very sincere, he really had a lot of interest in the venerable true inheritance.


 “Indeed, this Qi Sea Ancestor has incredible strength, in this world, maybe only venerable true inheritances are of interest to him. Eastern Sea actually had such a person, I need to properly investigate his background after I return.”


 Qi Sea Ancestor was actually Fang Yuan, and not only did Fang Yuan want Heavenly Court’s venerable true inheritances, he also wanted to kill Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 If Duke Long were to know of this, he might just cough out blood on the spot.


 Dragon Palace dream realm.


 The study room had a heavy atmosphere.


 Fang Yuan’s clone who was acting as Wu Shuai looked at his father with an ugly expression, he asked: “Are we really going to give ownership of Censure Peak to that Fan Ji? I clearly won the contest, he was the one who tried to steal it. If I did not hold back, he would have died already.”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal shook his head: “Censure Peak involves huge benefits and complex relationships, Black Heaven Temple is refusing to give in. And worse is that even though we contacted Calligraphy Pavilion Lady and Green Ant Ascetic, these two are not helping us to exert pressure on them.”


 “Damn it!” Wu Shuai clenched his fists: “I am the last disciple of Green Ant Ascetic, but now that I am facing this problem, this master is showing no care or concern.”


 “And that Calligraphy Pavilion Lady is even worse! I am her son-in-law while Fan Ji is the guy who harmed her daughter, yet she is not even saying a word.”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal sighed: “How can we influence rank eight Gu Immortals? This was all my fault, I had been too naive in the past. The truth is, did Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady really not know about our intentions? They were just playing dumb.”


 “That’s why, father!” Wu Shuai stared at the dragonman Gu Immortal, his eyes shining with brilliance: “Only our race’s own rank eight Gu Immortal is dependable. Our dragonman race has been relying on the humans and developing until today, wasn’t it because of Ancestor Duke Long’s influence?”


 Wu Shuai’s father nodded: “My son, you are right. But rank eight Gu Immortals are just too rare, even though our dragonman race is stronger than the humans, we lack their special spirit. Right now, we have many rank seven Gu Immortals, but we do not even have a single rank eight Gu Immortal other than our ancestor.”


 Wu Shuai had a bright gaze: “That is why we cannot wait any longer. External rank eight Gu Immortals are not dependable while we are also unable to produce any, we need to use an Immortal Gu House as a substitute.”


 The dragonman Gu Immortal sighed again, he shook his head: “Immortal Gu House? We have thought of that in the past, but to create a rank seven Immortal Gu House would require too many resources, we cannot afford it. And our dragonman race’s current strength is already causing a lot of commotion, more and more human Gu Immortals are onto us. Conspiracy theories against dragonmen are also increasingly common, in this situation, if we still build an Immortal Gu House, wouldn’t they lose their minds?”


 “Father!” Wu Shuai stared with wide eyes as he said loudly: “Are we not going to build our Immortal Gu House just because of some resources and rumors behind our backs?”


 “Isn’t it enough? My son, our dragonman race relies on the humans, this relationship is our foundation, we cannot be rash. If we really build an Immortal Gu House and ruin the relationship, not to mention a rank seven Immortal Gu House, we would not even have hope of building a rank six Immortal Gu House. Sigh, all these years, I have been in this position and dealing with them. You will not understand the feeling of ostracism.” The dragonman Gu Immortal sighed continuously.


 Wu Shuai felt some disappointment, he argued: “Regardless of the difficulties, we need to do this. Ordinary rank seven Immortal Gu Houses are not enough, we need to create a rank eight Immortal Gu House. That is the only way to establish the foundation of our race!”


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu House? Hahaha, my son, I am very happy to see that you have such drive. But some things cannot be rushed, progress takes time. Sigh, let’s forget about Censure Peak.” The dragonman Gu Immortal waved his hand.


 Wu Shuai thought about it before nodding: “I guess we have no choice.”


 Scenes after scenes occurred, Fang Yuan’s clone wanted to stall for time so that his main body could save him, but his main body was stalling for time so his clone could obtain Dragon Palace.


 Dragon Palace was like quicksand, Fang Yuan’s clone was helpless, he gradually sank and became unable to save himself.


 It was almost as if he had become Wu Shuai, he was experiencing all of these scenes personally.


 After the matter of Censure Peak, Wu Shuai finally realized the reality. His master Green Ant Ascetic was unreliable, his mother-in-law Calligraphy Pavilion Lady was also unreliable, even his own father, the dragonman Gu Immortal, was weak-willed, he was also unreliable.


 He could only rely on himself!


 Wu Shuai had this realization, he started to strive for strength and excellence.


 He had great talent and incredible aptitude, with ample hard work and network resources, not only did his cultivation level soar, a portion of the dragonmen also became stronger, they became the most prominent branch of the dragonman race.


 On the day Wu Shuai became rank seven, he also became a higher-up of the dragonman race, the youngest supreme elder with real authority!



***
Chapter 1840 - Dragon Cour


***





 



 Wu Shuai was smart and resolute, he had great foresight and a strong personality, he was not weak-willed like most of the dragonman Gu Immortals. Due to his leadership, the dragonman race became stronger and stronger.


 Secretly, he gathered resources and did not forget about the plan to create a rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 But good times did not last long, the strengthening of the dragonman race made the humans more antagonistic towards them, they started to use more underhanded methods. Many people were very jealous, in fact, even Wu Shuai himself admitted that much of the reason why the dragonman race was able to get stronger was because they occupied the human Gu Immortals’ benefits.


 But due to Duke Long, the human Gu Immortals would not find them for trouble over many things.


 On Duke Long’s birthday, there was a huge celebration.


 The red ‘longevity’ character written in the hall was very conspicuous.


 Duke Long sat at the main seat, surrounded by dragonmen.


 One by one, dragonman Gu Immortals walked up and gifted the presents that they had prepared meticulously.


 “Father, I wish you great blessings and longevity.” A dragonman Gu Immortal gave a bundle of white python grass.


 This grass was an immemorial desolate plant, it contained dragon essence and had the shape of a white python with exquisite scales and dragon horns.


 “Father, I wish you eternal prosperity and a long life ahead.” Another dragonman Gu Immortal offered a soft jade flower.


 “Father, I wish you...” Wu Shuai’s father also appeared.


 Duke Long had a solemn expression as he nodded, his attendants beside him collected all of these gifts for him.


 After his sons had finished, his grandchildren came up.


 At this time, Duke Long’s expression also became gentler, he smiled warmly.


 “Grandfather, I am here to offer birthday wishes! I wish you blessings as deep as Eastern Sea, and longevity as tall as Southern Border mountains. This is a desolate beast that I hunted personally for you, I hope grandfather likes it.” A dragonman youngster half-knelt on the ground as he held a plate in front of him, there was a tiny seahorse on the plate.


 “This is the desolate beast happiness seahorse, it is very fast and hard to kill.”


 “Seventh young master only has rank six cultivation level, it is very hard for him to kill it, but to think he actually captured it alive!”


 “I heard that in order to capture this happiness seahorse, seventh young master spent a month at the bottom of the sea without moving, his filial piety is truly touching.”


 The surrounding people discussed, many human Gu Immortals also participated in this joyous celebration.


 Little Seventh was Duke Long’s favorite grandson, he smiled kindly as he held the plate carrying the seahorse, he said: “Good, good, good, Little Seventh, I will happily accept this gift.”


 But when it was Wu Shuai’s turn, Duke Long retracted his smile as he looked at Wu Shuai: “In the current situation, you are the most accomplished grandson I have, but remember that going too far could end up being detrimental.”


 “Yes, grandfather.” Wu Shuai respectfully walked away.


 That night of the celebration, Duke Long asked someone to secretly call Wu Shuai to his study room.


 “Return that South Flower Island to them.” Duke Long said openly.


 Wu Shuai was slightly shocked, he forced a smile: “Grandfather, you may not know, I had won this South Flower Island fair and square, I plan to make this island a home for our dragonmen.”


 Duke Long had a solemn expression, a sharp light flashed in his eyes, it made Wu Shuai feel a little pain on his face: “Wu Shuai, don’t think that nobody can see through your little tricks! South Flower Island belonged to Wind Cloud Manor but you snatched it through a scheme. What are you trying to do? Lead your dragonmen properly, isn’t it good to stay in the sect? Why must you relocate and move all the way to South Flower Island? Tell me, what is it that you want?”


 Wu Shuai held his breath, after a moment, he replied: “Grandfather, I do not have much ambition, I just want my people to have a better life.”


 “A better life? You mean a greater ambition!” Duke Long’s voice resounded.


 Wu Shuai shuddered as he confessed: “Grandfather, even if this is ambition, so what? Shouldn’t we have ambition? Do we not have the right to strive for a better life?”


 “Why must we stay here? Grandfather, do you not know of how those human Gu Immortals ostracize and take advantage of us?”


 “What ostracism? How are they taking advantage of you? All these years, I have only heard about your actions. Do you know why I like Little Seventh the most? Because he sees the world’s beauty, he is kind from the depths of his heart, he has never considered the difference between human and dragonman. But you? You use my name to act rashly in the outside world, you devour people’s territory and take your sect’s benefits for yourself, quickly stop all these actions!” Duke Long shouted coldly.


 “Grandfather, if these human Gu Immortals did not treat us like this, why would we act like this?”


 “What human, what dragonman, dragonman is human to begin with, what difference is there?!” Duke Long chided.


 “If there is no racial difference, what are these dragon horns on my head? What is this dragon tail on my back?” Wu Shuai said angrily, he shouted: “Grandfather, you were a human who turned into a dragonman, most of your life was spent as a human, you have only been a dragonman for a short period of time.”


 “But us?”


 “Grandfather, have you thought about it! We were born as dragonman, we were born with horns on our heads and a tail on our backs.”


 “I have been educated by my parents from a young age, they told us that we originated from humans, but when I was little, the kids around me mocked me for my appearance, they ostracized me, they pulled my tail and scales. All these tell me that I am not part of this human race!”


 “After growing up, I realized that not just the kids, even those human adults treat us differently, they are just more subtle with it.”


 “If I fail, they will say that it is normal for dragonmen to lose to humans. If I succeed, they will say: A dragonman was able to reach this stage? Did he use any tricks or schemes?”


 “Those humans always think they are the greatest beings, they look down on dragonman as an inferior race. How dare they?”


 “Man is the spirit of all living beings, but us dragonmen are not inferior. We are born with enslavement path dao marks, our body physique far surpasses these humans, if human Gu Masters do not use Gu worms, their punches and kicks cannot even hurt the dragon scales on our bodies. And even more special is our long lifespan, all of these humans die so quickly compared to us.”


 “So many Gu Immortals become dragonmen because they want to extend their lifespan. They have clearly abandoned their human identity but they still look down on dragonmen, this is merely the fault of these decadent ideas of the past.”


 “Enough!” Duke Long slammed the table, interrupting Wu Shuai, his face was extremely dark.


 “Not enough.” Wu Shuai’s tone became calm, he looked at Duke Long bravely, enduring those dragon eyes that were emitting great pressure: “Grandfather, you are the one who created the dragonman lifespan extension method, without you, the dragonmen will not exist, you are the ancestor of the dragonmen, why must you constantly side with those humans? We are your family! I will not return South Flower Island even if I die. Grandfather, if you insist on it, then you will have to end my life first.”


 After saying that, Wu Shuai did not look at Duke Long, he turned around and left, walking out of the room.


 Duke Long did not stand up to stop him, he remained seated on his chair, having complex emotions.


 “Sigh... my descendants are all growing up, they have their own ambitions now.”


 “But they have never placed the big picture of humanity in their hearts.”


 “Was I negligent in my education? Or have the dragonmen already formed into a flood, I was just the person who pushed open the floodgates?”


 Wu Shuai schemed against Wind Cloud Manor, after realizing it, they went to Duke Long to settle this, wanting to take back South Flower Island, but Wu Shuai did not listen, he insisted on his actions.


 Wind Cloud Manor did not give up, they used all sorts of methods to find trouble with Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai dealt with whatever they threw at him, he maintained stability with much difficulty. Duke Long did not do anything to help his grandson, but the rest of the dragonman Gu Immortals did something to help be it secretly or openly.


 Due to their help and Wind Cloud Manor being wary of Duke Long, they did not act too aggressively, Wu Shuai succeeded in relocating all of his people to South Flower Island to live.


 But the matter regarding South Flower Island did not end here.


 Even after a hundred years, Wind Cloud Manor did not give up on it, they continued to act and try to reclaim South Flower Island.


 Wu Shuai dealt with all of these problems with impeccable methods, Wind Cloud Manor was unable to succeed.


 “After a hundred years, my plan finally comes to fruition!” On this day, Wu Shuai looked at the Immortal Gu House in front of him as he shed tears of excitement and joy.


 Back then, he snatched South Flower Island because he needed a secretive location to build the Immortal Gu House.


 Wu Shuai’s father stood beside him, having an incredulous expression: “You actually succeeded! My son, you are more capable than me.”


 “Even though the sects have been suppressing and isolating my South Flower Island these years, I have been gaining fortuitous encounters constantly, I had a stream of resources. At the same time, with the help and contribution of the dragonman Gu Immortals, after a hundred years, this rank seven Immortal Gu House has finally been created.” Wu Shuai smiled: “Give me a few hundred more years, I might be able to make this a rank eight Immortal Gu House.”


 “This has not been named?” Wu Shuai’s father asked.


 “The Gu Immortals all have their own suggestions, but as the creator, I overruled all suggestions and gave this the name — Dragon Court!” Saying so, Wu Shuai’s voice became louder as his eyes shined with bright light.


 “Dragon Court?” Wu Shuai’s father heard this and his expression changed: “Isn’t this too... inappropriate?”


 “Hahaha, why is it inappropriate? It complements Heavenly Court!” Wu Shuai laughed loudly.


 “Son, you should reconsider it. In the eyes of these human Gu Immortals, Dragon Court is not a name that complements Heavenly Court, it is clearly a rebellious sign.”


 “Hehe.” Wu Shuai laughed coldly: “They can think what they want.”


 “You can’t say that, humans are still the overlords of the five regions.”


 “Father.” Wu Shuai raised his hand: “Say no more, I have made up my mind, this will be called — Dragon Court!”



***
Chapter 1841 - Renowned in the World, Promising a Future


***





 



 Eastern Sea dream realm.


 An intense battle was reaching its climax.


 Song Tao Zi was covered in injuries but his aura was strong, firmly suppressing Wu Shuai.


 “Wu Shuai, you did not stop my killer move, that was your greatest mistake, now lose!” Song Tao Zi shouted as he raised his head, his body glowing in a dense green light.


 The green light covered Song Tao Zi and spread rapidly, traces of green light resembling the leaves of a pine tree. Layers and layers stacked as they swept towards Wu Shuai in an unceasing manner.


 Wu Shuai did not move, he continued to lie in the deep pit, seemingly accepting defeat.


 The observing Gu Immortals saw this as they all sighed.


 “Wu Shuai is going to lose.”


 “That is natural! Song Tao Zi is a peak rank seven of Wind Cloud Manor, his battle strength is definitely top three within Central Continent’s rank seven Gu Immortals. Wu Shuai wanted to challenge him, he was truly out of his league.”


 “He is just a dragonman Gu Immortal, it was amazing that he could fight to this extent.”


 “Hehe, so what? Wu Shuai had already set the agreement with Wind Cloud Manor before the battle, this would decide the ownership of South Flower Island. This defeat is really a shame. His hundred years of hard work is going to end up wasted.”


 “That’s right, I heard that Wu Shuai and his dragonman comrades have managed South Flower Island very well, it is full of resources. Now, Wind Cloud Manor is going to gain from it.”


 “You can’t say that, back then Wu Shuai used a devious scheme to take South Flower Island from Wind Cloud Manor. This is just retribution, he deserves it.”


 The humans Gu Immortals were happily watching by the side, enjoying his misery.


 Tai Qin watched at a corner alone, her eyes were filled with tears as she muttered worriedly: “Darling Wu...”


 Meanwhile, those dragonman Gu Immortals had defeated expressions.


 Only a few of the ones who knew the secret had excited and expectant expressions.


 “Brother, use it, shock the entire world!” The former dragonman youngster Huang Wei idolized and admired Wu Shuai with all his heart, he yelled internally.


 At the next moment, looking at the green light that spread towards him like an endless tsunami, Wu Shuai smiled lightly.


 “You finally used this move, Song Tao Zi, do you know that I have been waiting for this for a long time.” Wu Shuai laughed.


 “What do you mean?”


 “Hmph, he is putting up a front.”


 “Can a mere dragonman Gu Immortal like him accomplish a comeback?”


 “This move is Song Tao Zi’s famous killer move — Green Heaven Pine Wave! In Central Continent, no, in the entire five regions, how many rank seven Gu Immortals can actually successfully defend against this move?”


 However, at the next moment, a huge castle appeared from nowhere.


 Wu Shuai went inside it and charged up while manipulating this palace.


 The palace soared towards the sky, up into the clouds.


 “What is this?!”


 “An Immortal Gu House!”


 “I have never seen an Immortal Gu House like this, did Wu Shuai create it himself?”


 “Most likely. This battle has been announced to the world, both sides can use their own possessions. Since Wu Shuai is using it, this must be his according to the rules!”


 “Oh heaven, the dragonmen have an Immortal Gu House now, and it is a rank seven Immortal Gu House.”


 “Look, this palace is completely unaffected, it is as if green heaven pine wave does not exist, it easily carved out a pathway. This is not an ordinary rank seven Immortal Gu House, it can definitely resist rank eight existences!”


 Everyone gasped.


 Song Tao Zi was furious and shocked.


 He looked at his proudest killer move being treated as harmless air, his heart sank to rock bottom.


 Wu Shuai was currently using Dragon Court!


 Dragon Court approached as Wu Shuai’s voice resounded: “Song Tao Zi, kneel down and beg for mercy, I will spare your life.”


 Song Tao Zi had a pale expression, he said in a rage: “Don’t even think about it! You, a mere dragonman, dare to humiliate me?!”


 Even though he was in a desperate situation, Song Tao Zi refused to back down in this fight.


 “Have mercy!” The surrounding Wind Cloud Manor Gu Immortals saw this and quickly shouted.


 Within Dragon Court, Wu Shuai heard his words and laughed coldly. His dragon pupils burst out with killing intent as he used Dragon Court to directly charge over.


 “Ah—!” Song Tao Zi could not dodge in time, he screamed pitifully as he was crushed to death by Dragon Court!


 “What? Song Tao Zi died!”


 “He actually killed Song Tao Zi! Is he trying to cause a war?”


 “A dragonman Gu Immortal killed a member of our human race, what is he trying to do?”


 All sorts of furious emotions erupted, the dragonman Gu Immortals present turned pale while Huang Wei had a look of nervousness.


 At this moment, Dragon Court floated in the sky, Wu Shuai shouted from within: “Shut up! My battle with Song Tao Zi was a life-and-death battle, this was announced to the world long before the fight. If anyone has any objections, come out now and face me — receive your death!”


 Instantly, the surroundings went silent.


 In the next scene of the dream realm, it was the celebratory banquet.


 There were a hundred tables here filled with delicious food and wine, everyone was happily celebrating.


 The spotlight was naturally on Wu Shuai who was sitting at the main table!


 “Congratulations to brother, after this battle, nobody will contest South Flower Island anymore, Wind Cloud Manor also lost a powerful general.” Huang Wei offered a toast, he was filled with excitement and admiration.


 Wu Shuai patted his shoulders: “Brother, this was not all due to me, you have credit too.”


 “Brother...” Huang Wei was choked with tears.


 “Brother Shuai, this battle made you renowned in the world, I will congratulate you now.” Tai Qin raised her wine cup, she spoke normally but her tone was filled with affection.


 “Junior sister, thank you for the concern.” Wu Shuai knew what Tai Qin was worried about in her heart.


 Thus, he shouted loudly: “My battle with Song Tao Zi was a battle of life-and-death, the world can attest to that, whoever dies has to accept their fate! Song Tao Zi was a good opponent, he deserves the glory of dying in a heroic combat. I would like to assume that Wind Cloud Manor has no objections?”


 Wind Cloud Manor had naturally sent an envoy to this banquet, it was an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal.


 Song Tao Zi was killed by Wu Shuai’s insistence, Wind Cloud Manor also lost South Flower Island, but for their righteous reputation, and to show their magnanimity, they still sent an envoy to attend the banquet.


 Wu Shuai’s words made this envoy’s face turn red, he hesitated before standing up and calling out: “Is my Wind Cloud Manor a small sect? Since this was agreed upon, we would definitely not go against it!”


 “Please take a seat, envoy.” Wu Shuai waved his hand, laughing loudly.


 The envoy gritted his teeth in anger, he wanted to blow up but there were many people looking at him, because the sect’s reputation was at stake, he had to sit down.


 “Friend Wu Shuai, I am an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, Gu Liang, I watched your battle with Song Tao Zi and how you overwhelmed him with power, I offer you a toast.” A male Gu Immortal wearing a robe and crown walked out.


 He called himself Gu Liang, he was a middle aged man but had a smile that gave off the air of a person of authority.


 Wu Shuai felt overjoyed internally: This battle really made him renowned in the world, even Eastern Sea Gu Immortals came to attend his banquet.


 “Calligraphy Pavilion Lady has arrived—!” At this moment, the doorman shouted loudly.


 The hall went into a commotion, a rank eight Gu Immortal had just shown up in this event after all.


 Calligraphy Pavilion Lady did not come alone, she brought her daughter along, it was Wu Shuai’s wife-in-name, Shu Jiu Ling.


 “My son-in-law, congratulations on your victory.” Calligraphy Pavilion Lady smiled lightly, even though she said just one simple sentence, everyone’s expressions changed.


 “Mother-in-law, my virtuous wife, I have been saving seats for you, please come and sit.” Wu Shuai smiled as he invited them, feeling surprised internally.


 From Wu Shuai’s perspective, he would definitely invite Calligraphy Pavilion Lady for such an important event, at least on the surface, he would always do his part as a good son-in-law.


 But the truth was, he did not expect Calligraphy Pavilion Lady to come.


 But now, she came personally and even brought her daughter along, this was out of Wu Shuai’s expectations.


 “Lord Green Ant Ascetic has arrived—!” After Calligraphy Pavilion Lady got seated, another rank eight Gu Immortal arrived.


 This was Wu Shuai’s master, but for the last few decades, Wu Shuai had not been in contact with him.


 Wu Shuai also sent him an invitation, of course.


 “Disciple greets master!” Wu Shuai quickly went to greet him.


 “My disciple, I have come to visit you.” Green Ant Ascetic looked at Wu Shuai as he nodded in praise: “Mm, you are quite energetic.”


 “Master, please take a seat.” Wu Shuai had an excited expression, he was not pretending, it was his true emotion.


 The influence and gains from this battle were far beyond his expectations!


 After the banquet, Wu Shuai sent off the two rank eights but Calligraphy Pavilion Lady left her daughter Shu Jiu Ling behind.


 “You two have been separated for so long, how can that continue? You should stay together.” Calligraphy Pavilion Lady said in a plain tone, but she had deep meaning behind it.


 Shu Jiu Ling did not speak, she was not impatient as always, she was very quiet now.


 But at night, Wu Shuai left her in an empty room: “My virtuous wife, take a rest first, I need to settle some work first.”


 He was still so polite, it was the same as their first encounter.


 Shu Jiu Ling was silent for a moment before nodded obediently: “Go and do your work, husband.”


 Wu Shuai was not busy at all, he was meeting with Tai Qin.


 “Junior sister, I have come.”


 “Brother Shuai, I thought you were not coming today.”


 “How could that be? You need to know how important you are in my heart, that woman cannot even compare to a strand of your hair.”


 Tai Qin was very happy when she heard this, after they enjoyed each other’s company for some time, Tai Qin asked worriedly: “Brother Shuai, I am still quite worried, you killed Wind Cloud Manor’s signature rank seven expert, would they let this go?”


 “Of course they will not let this go, but so what?” Wu Shuai sneered, looking at the cold and bright moon in the sky, he sighed: “Today, after this banquet, I, Wu Shuai, have finally realized the truth.”


 “Realized what?”


 Wu Shuai’s eyes flickered with cold light: “In this world, strength is all that matters. Why do you think Master Green Ant and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady came here to attend my banquet? That is because I own Immortal Gu House Dragon Court. Even though I have rank seven cultivation level, I can use this house to fight rank eight, this is my foundation, I am now qualified to talk to them.”


 “Wind Cloud Manor will definitely remember this grudge, but they have too many concerns if they want to deal with me. That is because of my Dragon Court!”


 “As long as I possess this strength, there is nothing to fear.”


 “No, I will definitely become a rank eight Gu Immortal, I will elevate Dragon Court to rank eight as well. By then, I want to see who can look down on me in this world.”


 “Brother Shuai...” Tai Qin placed her head on Wu Shuai’s chest as she looked at him endearingly.


 Wu Shuai lowered his head and met with her gaze, he caressed her hair gently as he promised: “Oh junior sister, I will give you happiness, I will give you a good life. Right now, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady is still a threat to me, but when I become rank eight, I will definitely give you a proper status.”


 “I don’t need any status, Brother Shuai, I am satisfied with just being by your side.”


 “But I am not satisfied, I want to have many children with you in the future, I want us to enjoy the happiness of watching our descendants grow up.”


 “Will that day come?” Tai Qin’s face flushed red with embarrassment.


 “It will.” Wu Shuai held her tightly: “Believe me, it will!”



***
Chapter 1842 - Uprising Plan, Stealing Fate


***





 



 Wu Shuai accumulated for a hundred years, he constructed an extraordinary rank seven Immortal Gu House, Dragon Court.


 Next, he made a bet with Wind Cloud Manor, using Dragon Court to kill Song Tao Zi in front of everyone, becoming renowned in the world.


 During the celebratory banquet, Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady showed up, this confirmed that Wu Shuai’s influence had grown — he was now qualified to speak on equal terms with rank eight existences!


 During the night of the celebratory banquet, Wu Shuai had a nice dream.


 In this dream, he fulfilled all of his aspirations, he reached all of the goals that he was willing to fight for.


 He became the dragonman leader, he had peak rank eight battle strength, Duke Long stepped down from his position for him.


 He controlled Dragon Court and led his dragonman people to live freely, becoming equals with the humans.


 He imprisoned Fan Ji and tortured him to death in front of Shu Jiu Ling, before he went to deal with Shu Jiu Ling herself. Calligraphy Pavilion Lady came in time and fought against him, after she lost, she begged him to spare her daughter and offered herself as his subordinate, Wu Shuai agreed to it, he only made Shu Jiu Ling a servant while Calligraphy Pavilion Lady became his subordinate for good.


 He made Green Ant Ascetic and Wine Fairy his dragonman external supreme elders, even though they did not want to, the dragonman race was too powerful, Wu Shuai’s strength forced them to submit.


 And the happiest thing was that he finally made Tai Qin his sole dragon empress, they had many children together. All of his kids had great talent and aptitude, they were like shining stars in the sky. Even though they were still young, they would definitely become great figures in the future.


 On the second day, Wu Shuai woke up with a smile.


 He looked at his beloved Tai Qin as she slept, he covered her with a blanket affectionately.


 Next, he walked out of the room quietly, starting to do his work.


 His battle with Song Tao Zi did not just lead to his own rise, even the dragonman race was feeling a lot of motivation and excitement.


 Due to this influence, the dragonman race became more active and had a stronger attitude.


 For the next few decades, the conflict between the dragonmen and humans intensified as they clashed with greater intensity.


 Duke Long learned of this and summoned Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai flew all the way for thousands of li, but was scolded by Duke Long.


 These years, he had been the main culprit behind the conflict of the dragonmen and humans.


 Next, Duke Long ordered him to announce his crimes and step down as the owner of South Flower Island, at the same time, he had to change Dragon Court’s name to Dragon Palace.


 Wu Shuai was unwilling but against Duke Long and Heavenly Court, he was still too weak.


 He had a dark expression and deep anger as he returned to South Flower Island, following Duke Long’s instructions reluctantly.


 Gu Liang came to visit.


 The first time Wu Shuai saw him was during the banquet after killing Song Tao Zi.


 For the last few decades, Gu Liang had been very close with the South Flower Island dragonmen, they had worked together many times, their cooperation was harmonious.


 “Wu Shuai, I heard about the situation in South Flower Island, why are you admitting to such crimes? Is there anything I can help you with?”


 Wu Shuai sighed deeply: “Gu Liang, this is the order of my ancestor Duke Long, I have no choice but to obey him, I am helpless now.”


 Wu Shuai spoke firmly: “I will tell you the truth, when I killed Song Tao Zi, I thought it was a turning point that will lead to the rise of my dragonman race. But after these decades, I seem to be stuck in a sandpit, all my actions are showing little effect, I am facing pressure from all directions.”


 Gu Liang smiled as he consoled: “Don’t think too lowly of yourself. These years, I have seen all of your hard work. If not for your management of South Flower Island, this force created by the dragonmen would have been devoured by all the greedy people out there. After all, it is the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court that you are going against.”


 Wu Shuai was silent for a while, he was filled with deep rage and anger, but also helplessness, in the end, he sighed deeply as he raised his head: “The rise of the dragonman race, it is easier said than done, it is harder than ascending heaven.”


 Gu Liang still had his smile: “One step at a time, back then when Heavenly Court rose to power, wasn’t it the same situation?”


 Wu Shuai said in a defeated tone: “With my ancestor’s instructions, my decades and even centuries of hard work have gone to nothing. The humans have control of the world, this is the trend.”


 Gu Liang said: “I have a method, it can solve your problem.”


 “Oh? What is it? Quickly tell me, there is no need to hesitate with our friendship.” Wu Shuai immediately asked.


 “This is a simple plan, you are only worried about the morale of the dragonman race. Especially since you and South Flower Island are the war flags that hold up the entire race, yet Duke Long wants to exterminate that. But what if you advance to rank eight now?”


 “Advance to rank eight? Why would I not want that! But the final tribulation, even with Dragon Court, I am afraid...” Wu Shuai was hesitant.


 “Hahaha, you have taken charge of South Flower Island for so many years, you truly cannot take such a risk. You know how important you are to the entire island and dragonman race. But all these worries are holding you back, you no longer have the same bravery back then. I am here to lend you a hand, I will help you pass the final tribulation and become a true rank eight Gu Immortal!” Gu Liang said as his aura transformed, turning from rank seven to rank eight.


 It turned out that he was a rank eight Gu Immortal disguising as a rank seven.


 Wu Shuai was deeply shocked: “Gu Liang... no, senior... you...”


 Gu Liang raised his hand, stopping Wu Shuai: “Wu Shuai, let’s continue talking as friends. The truth is, I approached you for my own intentions. Central Continent is too powerful, the rest of the four regions are weak. As an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, I am willing to see internal conflict in Central Continent. But I am not helping you because of that, I really appreciate and admire you. To speak the truth, we are quite alike.”


 Wu Shuai was overjoyed: “These years, I have been finding a rank eight Gu Immortal to help me with my tribulation. But even Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady are constantly giving excuses, your help has truly come at the best timing. I, Wu Shuai, will never forget this favor!”


 The next scene of the dream realm was his tribulation.


 But because Wu Shuai and Gu Liang were very close in the earlier scenes, he was helped by Gu Liang.


 Gu Liang had extraordinary strength, with his help, Wu Shuai successfully passed the tribulation without danger.


 Wu Shuai finally became a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Even though he obeyed Duke Long’s instructions and did everything, causing a huge commotion and fear among the dragonmen, when news that he became a rank eight Gu Immortal spread in the world, the tides shifted towards the dragonman race again, their morale rose greatly, it was even higher than before.


 Wu Shuai became the second rank eight of the dragonman race, he surpassed his father’s generation, only Duke Long was the sole person above him.


 Wu Shuai had genuine rank eight cultivation level now, he could finally speak on equal terms with Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady.


 Duke Long’s attitude towards him also changed, he no longer summoned him and scolded him so casually.


 It was like he had broken out of a hopeless encirclement, Wu Shuai felt his pressure lifting, most of the undercurrents involving South Flower Island for the last few decades were swept away after he reached rank eight.


 “The scenery of rank eight is truly different!”


 “From today onwards, I am also a peak existence of the Gu Immortal world.”


 Wu Shuai was extremely grateful to Gu Liang, their cooperation deepened continuously.


 Gu Liang told Wu Shuai of many secrets: “The foundation of Heavenly Court is fate Gu. In history, two Demon Venerables attacked Heavenly Court, but why did they fail? The reason was because they could not destroy fate Gu, and because of Star Constellation’s assimilation, they are unable to destabilize Heavenly Court’s foundation.”


 “However, while Star Constellation’s assimilation defended the reign of Heavenly Court, it also infuriated the Heavenly Dao. The way of heaven is balance, but humanity is flourishing and strengthening without restraint at the moment. This goes against the true heaven’s will!”


 Wu Shuai learned many important things from Gu Liang. Even though he lived in Central Continent and was a supreme elder of one of the ten great ancient sects, he had never understood Heavenly Court’s true secrets, he did not have any sources of information.


 “Wu Shuai, if you really want to lead the dragonman race to rise up, rank eight cultivation level is not enough. In fact, even if you get more rank eight Gu Immortals, it will not affect Heavenly Court’s status. Heavenly Court has many more rank eights than you’ll ever have!”


 “In fact, if I put this bluntly, if your dragonman race really surpasses the bottom line of Heavenly Court one day, they will definitely take action against you. Don’t they always say this? Those who are not my race having different motives[1]!”


 Wu Shuai thought about it, there was deep meaning in this, he quickly asked Gu Liang for advice.


 Gu Liang told him: “The rise of dragonmen is extraordinary, you have to target the source of everything!”


 “The source? You are referring to fate Gu?” Wu Shuai smiled bitterly: “Fate Gu is kept strictly by Heavenly Court, it is too difficult.”


 “It is difficult indeed but there is still hope. Especially now, we have the greatest opportunity of all time.” Gu Liang’s eyes flickered with bright light.


 Wu Shuai was moved: “You are referring to that person... Red Lotus?”


 “That’s right, Heavenly Court originally wanted to nurture Red Lotus into an Immortal Venerable, but he has other intentions, he chose to defy them. Your ancestor Duke Long has been very busy over this matter, it is giving him such a headache that he has relaxed his control over your dragonman race. From this point, you need to thank Red Lotus for lowering the pressure that you are facing.” Gu Liang said.


 “We need to borrow Red Lotus’ power? That is a good idea, but how do we contact him?” Wu Shuai asked again: “Red Lotus is too mysterious, there is almost no way of tracing his movement.”


 “We cannot find Red Lotus directly, even if we want to meet him, he will reject us, he might even attack or destroy us.” Gu Liang’s expression changed, he showed some wariness.


 He said with deep meaning: “Regardless of whether Red Lotus is an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, he is still a human Gu Immortal.”


 “If he does not want to cooperate, how will we borrow his strength?” Wu Shuai asked.


 Gu Liang laughed: “Red Lotus wants to revive his family and his lover, he has to go against the Heavenly Dao and defy fate. This conflict cannot be resolved, and precisely so, he turned on his teacher and Duke Long remains unable to get Red Lotus to turn back. Red Lotus will definitely attack Heavenly Court and attempt to destroy fate Gu. When he attacks Heavenly Court, it will be our opportunity to take action.”


 “When will Red Lotus Demon Venerable attack Heavenly Court?”


 “That I am not sure. It can take many years, or it can be at the next moment.”


 Wu Shuai realized: “I get it, from now on, we need to get close to Heavenly Court, we need to constantly enter Heavenly Court to find more information and peek into deeper secrets. When Red Lotus attacks, we will use the prime opportunity to try and steal fate Gu!”


 [1] A common phrase in Chinese



***
Chapter 1843 - Making Sacrifices


***





 



 Wu Shuai became rank eight, he broke the encirclement and swept the pressure away. Not only that, he even found the only chance to defeat Heavenly Court, that was to borrow Red Lotus’ power.


 Red Lotus had yet to become a venerable, but he was already predestined to become a future venerable. Even though this was just a guess, the entire Gu Immortal world was inclined to believe it. If not for this, why would Duke Long and Heavenly Court try all ways to convince him? Back then, Duke Long descended and took him in as a disciple, it was an obvious sign.


 After talking to Gu Liang, Wu Shuai changed his strategy, he started to keep a low profile, he no longer acted like before.


 Originally, after becoming rank eight, the dragonman race was very excited, there was finally a rank eight great expert that could back them up.


 However, Wu Shuai started to get close to Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, many dragonmen could not understand him.


 Wu Shuai put in a lot of effort to show a repentant attitude, he gradually won the trust and favor of the ten great ancient sects. He purposely got close to Heavenly Court and tried all ways to get information about them.


 In fact, he even put in funds to make an Immortal Gu House for Heavenly Court.


 As for the conflict between dragonmen and humans, he also changed his stance, he suppressed dragonmen to protect the benefits of the humans.


 After a hundred years, even though Wu Shuai gained some success, he could not gain Heavenly Court’s trust.


 “What should I do?” Wu Shuai was anxious, he discussed with Gu Liang.


 Gu Liang said: “You are a dragonman, Heavenly Court has always been extremely wary of variant humans, they look down on variant humans from the depths of their hearts. Our only hope is Duke Long, we need to target him.”


 “How do I gain Duke Long’s trust? His impression of me is...” Wu Shuai smiled bitterly as he shook his head.


 Gu Liang looked at Wu Shuai solemnly: “It will depend on whether you can make sacrifices.”


 Wu Shuai did not hesitate, he immediately answered: “I’ve been planning for the dragonman race all along, so what if I have to make sacrifices?”


 “Good.” Gu Liang clapped: “Only a person like you can accomplish great things.”


 Gu Liang gave his plan but Wu Shuai hesitated. Because Gu Liang was asking Wu Shuai to sacrifice Huang Wei on purpose!


 Huang Wei was a rank seven dragonman Gu Immortal now, he had followed Wu Shuai since his youth, he had always been working hard in developing South Flower Island with Wu Shuai, he was loyal and had made many accomplishments, there was no chance he would ever betray Wu Shuai.


 Gu Liang urged him: “Everyone in the world knows about your relationship with Huang Wei. We can create a situation where you need to make a choice. If you defend the interests of the humans and sacrifice Huang Wei, Duke Long will definitely change his opinion towards you!”


 “But... you want me to kill my greatest general, and he is the person who trusts and idolizes me the most...” Wu Shuai gritted his teeth, he was hesitant and unwilling to do so.


 “I believe that if Huang Wei knows the purpose of his sacrifice, he will definitely do it. Am I right?” Gu Liang’s words lifted a lot of Wu Shuai’s hesitation.


 Wu Shuai sighed deeply as his eyes turned red: “I know Huang Wei like I know myself, if he knows that is my plan, he will definitely sacrifice himself.”


 “No!” Gu Liang quickly interjected: “This plan is too important, the fewer people who know, the safer it is, only the two of us should know of it. Friend, you need to know that even the dead can be investigated upon to look for evidence, we cannot let Huang Wei know of our plan.”


 “This...” Wu Shuai shut his eyes as he shook his head: “Let me think about it, let me think about it...”


 He hesitated for half a year before he finally made up his mind.


 Compared to the individual Huang Wei, the entire dragonman race was more important.


 Wu Shuai and Gu Liang plotted secretly, creating conflict and killing human Gu Immortals before gathering evidence to accuse Huang Wei.


 After this matter happened, it attracted a lot of attention in Central Continent.


 Huang Wei screamed out in innocence: “This was not done by me, brother, you know me, I will definitely not do that!”


 Wu Shuai defended Huang Wei at first, but as more evidence got exposed, he had no choice but to ‘uphold justice’ and kill Huang Wei.


 This matter caused a great commotion, the dragonmen became very upset with Wu Shuai, many dragonmen started to move out of South Flower Island.


 The ten great ancient sects praised Wu Shuai greatly, even Duke Long heard about this matter and nodded in praise of Wu Shuai: “He has grown up a lot over these years, I am very pleased.”


 Wu Shuai successfully gained Duke Long’s trust after this.


 But he felt emptiness in his heart.


 Before his execution, Huang Wei’s last words were deeply etched into his heart, he could never forget it in this lifetime —


 “Brother, I have never regretted following you! If you want to execute me, regardless of the reason, I will accept it! But brother, I have not done anything like this. You need to be careful, be very careful, those human Gu Immortals are trying to deceive you. These years, they have not done anything against you, they have actually changed their tactics, they are accusing me now to get rid of me, they want to gradually clip your wings.”


 “Brother, you told me about the future of the dragonman race, I have never reached it. So be it if I die, I hope you will carry on this dream. The future of the dragonman race cannot be achieved without you!”


 Huang Wei knelt on the ground, crying as he said that, Wu Shuai felt his heart bleeding with every sentence.


 Wu Shuai almost lost control and wanted to tell Huang Wei the truth behind everything. The one who framed him was this beloved brother right here!


 In fact, there was a moment where Wu Shuai had the intense urge to kneel down and beg for Huang Wei’s forgiveness, but in the end, he controlled himself.


 He snorted coldly: “Huang Wei, you have committed a great crime and killed people, you still refuse to admit your sins even now. Sigh, I have trusted you in vain, you are too disappointing, I am deeply hurt.”


 Halfway through, Wu Shuai started to cry, his voice became shaky.


 He did not dare to look at Huang Wei, he quickly turned around and left.


 “Brother!” Huang Wei knelt on the cold floor of the prison cell, looking at Wu Shuai who was leaving, he shouted: “Brother, let me call you that for the final time before I die!! Don’t forget the grand aspiration of the dragonman race.”


 Wu Shuai walked even more quickly now, he seemed to be escaping.


 Many Gu Immortals came to watch Huang Wei’s execution, but Wu Shuai did not go.


 That night, he had a dream.


 In the dream, he saw Huang Wei who was pointing at him and scolding loudly.


 Wu Shuai told him the truth.


 After hearing it, Huang Wei started to cry as he knelt down on the ground, saying: “Brother, you have worked too hard, I was too ignorant, I blamed you wrongly. For the sake of the dragonman race, you took on all these accusations and made such sacrifices, I am willing to sacrifice myself too.”


 Wu Shuai quickly held Huang Wei as he stood up, he patted his shoulder: “Brother, I’m glad you understand me!”


 After waking up, Wu Shuai still carried a smile.


 He did not get out of bed, he opened his eyes and looked at the ceiling.


 The smile did not fade from his face, but tears flowed down from his eyes.


 Huang Wei’s death caused a lot of commotion. South Flower Island was in turmoil, morale fell to rock bottom, the dragonmen were all very disappointed in Wu Shuai.


 But Wu Shuai started to go in and out of Heavenly Court regularly.


 This was a major breakthrough.


 Once, Heavenly Court decided to build Central Heaven Gate.


 Wu Shuai grabbed onto this great opportunity and reported to Duke Long that he was willing to contribute his Dragon Palace.


 All these years, Dragon Palace had remained as a rank seven Immortal Gu House.


 Wu Shuai had done this after much consideration, losing Dragon Palace was not a big deal, he could rebuild it in the future. The most important thing was fate Gu!


 Duke Long’s reaction was not out of Wu Shuai’s expectations. Duke Long said: “Wu Shuai, I am very happy that you are willing to do this. But Central Heaven Gate is an information path Immortal Gu House, while your Dragon Palace is enslavement path, it is not appropriate. Furthermore, with Heavenly Court’s foundation, we do not need you to spend your own wealth.”


 Wu Shuai sighed: “Grandfather, I was too arrogant when I was young, I did many atrocious things. Now that I regret it, I’ve been thinking about ways to make up for my mistakes. Please give me a chance grandfather, I will not disappoint you!”


 Duke Long laughed loudly: “Alright, you and your father will be in charge of building Central Heaven Gate.”


 Wu Shuai was overjoyed: “Thank you, grandfather.”


 To build Central Heaven Gate, many resources were needed, Gu Liang came to offer some help.


 He said to Wu Shuai: “Heavenly Court has devious ambitions indeed, they actually want to create Central Heaven Gate, it can connect to grotto-heavens. But this is truly a great opportunity! We can target this Central Heaven Gate and leave a backdoor while probing for more secrets and information of Heavenly Court.”


 Wu Shuai started to work harder, he went around in preparation of creating Central Heaven Gate.


 The dragonman race were very unhappy with him, many dragonmen started to scold Wu Shuai, they called him the traitor of the dragonman race.


 These dragonmen held deep expectations for Wu Shuai in the past, it was all converted into intense disappointment and hatred now.


 Even Wu Shuai’s own father was very cold to him.


 Wu Shuai endured these misunderstandings as he put in all his effort to complete Central Heaven Gate.


 Creating a backdoor in Central Heaven Gate was not easy, especially under the supervision of Heavenly Court.


 While he was working hard and was about to gain some results, an accident occurred.


 His father returned from Heavenly Court, he was gravely injured, before dying, he called Wu Shuai over.


 “I got into contact with fate Gu, my son! I received the revelation of fate Gu, we dragonmen will reign supreme, dragonmen will reign supreme!!” Wu Shuai’s father was very excited, he grabbed onto Wu Shuai’s hand tightly.


 “What?!” Wu Shuai was deeply shocked, he was tongue-tied: “What is going on? Father!”


 His father explained the situation: “I had found out by coincidence, but even though I got discovered, I was smart enough to purposely fail in constructing Central Heaven Gate, I suffered intense backlash and used this excuse to escape from Heavenly Court, to return to you.”


 “Dragonmen reign supreme! My son, our dragonman race is meant to hold the heavenly fate, we are meant to replace humanity! This is the revelation given by fate Gu, it is definitely true!!” Wu Shuai’s father had shining eyes: “Do you know what this means? Quickly heal me, spread news of this to the world. The dragonman Gu Immortals will be extremely excited!”


 “Father, you should recuperate in peace now, I will handle this.” Wu Shuai was also very excited, after settling down his father, he left the room.


 Not long after, he met with Gu Liang.


 Gu Liang learned that Wu Shuai’s father had returned with heavy injuries, he came to console him but seeing that Wu Shuai had a struggling expression, he asked for the reason.


 Wu Shuai and Gu Liang had worked closely together, he had learned of Gu Liang’s true identity, he was not a human but a variant human Gu Immortal!


 After a moment of silence, Wu Shuai told him the truth.


 Gu Liang was also shocked but after reacting to it, he understood why Wu Shuai hesitated.


 “Wu Shuai, you did not rally the dragonmen and announce this news, it was the right thing to do. If Heavenly Court learns of this secret, they will definitely wipe out the dragonmen in this world!”


 “But we need to continue deceiving Heavenly Court and make them think that this secret is still safe, we are currently not safe enough.”


 “Your father’s actions were too abnormal, there is a chance that they will find out he contacted fate Gu. Next, Heavenly Court’s investigators will definitely come to seek information.”


 “Gu Liang, you know me well, that is my current dilemma!” Wu Shuai sighed: “What do we do?”


 Gu Liang hesitated but he still spoke: “You have already thought of the method, haven’t you? In this situation, only by sacrificing your father and pretending that he had died from his injuries after coming back can we escape this terrible crisis of extinction!”


 Wu Shuai had a pale face, he stumbled backwards as he shook his head continuously: “You want me to kill my father?! No, I will definitely not do that!”


 “You will not do that? If Heavenly Court learns of this, your dragonman race will be wiped from existence.” Gu Liang sighed: “I finally understand why your ancestor Duke Long treats the dragonman race like this. Heavenly Court must have known of fate Gu’s revelation that dragonmen will reign supreme all along.”



***
Chapter 1844 - Killing Father, Dream Revelations


***





 



 Wu Shuai frowned deeply, he had a bitter expression: “I am suspecting that this might be a plot against my father and me, they are trying to harm my dragonman race, what should I do? Dragonmen reign supreme might just be a lie, the culprit might have done this to find an excuse to wipe out dragonmen.”


 Gu Liang pondered for a moment and denied the possibility: “This possibility is very small. According to your father, there were many coincidences that led to him contacting fate Gu. These are not man-made coincidences, many of these elements were chosen by your father himself.”


 “Precisely because there are many coincidences, I am very suspicious of it.”


 “Back then, how did the humans obtain the revelation of heavenly fate from fate Gu? Isn’t your father in a similar situation now?” Gu Liang’s words made Wu Shuai speechless.


 At this moment, a loud voice was heard in the sky, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had come to pay a visit due to the injuries of Wu Shuai’s father.


 “They came so quickly!” Gu Liang’s expression changed: “Wu Shuai, you must decide now, if you wait, all of your efforts will be in vain, your entire dragonman race will face extermination!”


 Wu Shuai’s expression immediately turned ashen, his face turned pale and his body shook, he also fell to the ground.


 The situation was forcing him to make a rapid decision.


 He knew that this choice would bring him pain for eternity, but he had to do it!


 Even though he was uncertain if the heavenly revelation of dragonmen reign supreme was real, or if others were harming them, he could not gamble.


 If he lost the gamble, he would not just lose his father, he would lose the entire dragonman race.


 That day, Wu Shuai’s father died from the backlash of failing to build Central Heaven Gate, his soul was completely erased.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals gained no evidence, even though they were suspicious, they could not do anything to the rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Shuai, they left.


 For the next ten nights, Wu Shuai could not sleep.


 Tai Qin consoled him as Wu Shuai cried in the arms of his beloved woman.


 Tai Qin said gently: “People cannot revive after dying, senior brother, you need to move on. Uncle died from building Central Heaven Gate, Heavenly Court will definitely compensate you.”


 Wu Shuai did not dare to tell Tai Qin about the truth, he had to endure this pain himself.


 He could only say: “Junior sister, do you know? Back then, after I killed Song Tao Zi, I often had the same dream at night.”


 “In this dream, I became the king of the dragonman race, I led my people to prosperity, we lived a life of freedom and peace.”


 “I stayed within Dragon Court and ruled meticulously. The dragonmen lived in peace and prosperity, there were no conflicts or inequality.”


 “Huang Wei remained as my greatest right hand man, he handled many affairs for me.”


 “My father said I was his pride and joy, he often said: ‘My son, you finally did it, I am so proud of you.’”


 “And the two of us lived in bliss, we had many children, they could freely play around without worries.”


 Saying so, Wu Shuai lowered his head and cried: “But now, I only have you left! My beloved junior sister.”


 Tai Qin was also extremely sad, all these years, she did not manage to bear a single child for Wu Shuai.


 When dragonmen copulate, they are able to have many children, more than humans. But mixed blood between variant humans and humans are very unlikely to have children. Not just dragonman, even the other variant humans were the same.


 This was terrible news to Wu Shuai, for the next half a year, he was immersed in anguish.


 Gu Liang came to urge him: “Wu Shuai, I can understand the pain that you are feeling, but please be mindful of Heavenly Court, don’t put too much of the blame on yourself and cause Heavenly Court to sense something. If our efforts end up in vain, wouldn’t your father have died for nothing?”


 Wu Shuai jolted like he was hit by lightning, he realized at once as he wiped the cold sweat off his forehead, he cupped his fists to thank Gu Liang: “Thank you for the reminder, otherwise, I would have committed a grave mistake.”


 Gu Liang nodded as he smiled: “You have been overwhelmed by sadness these last days, you have not been working on Central Heaven Gate. It is time to continue.”


 “But the revelation of fate Gu, can we trust the notion that dragonmen will reign supreme?” Wu Shuai was still thinking about it, he could not let it go.


 Gu Liang smiled: “To prove this, the best way is to get into contact with fate Gu. But the risk is great, the truth is, there is no need to be anxious, as long as you wait, you will be able to find evidence.”


 “You mean?” Wu Shuai had some sort of realization.


 Gu Liang nodded: “Indeed, if dragonmen are meant to reign supreme, heaven’s will will definitely give your dragonman race more care and concern. Your father is like Yu Ji from history, when he was still a Gu Master, he was just a slave in charge of cleaning the Rockman Sacred Hall, in the end, when he got close to fate Gu, he learned the heavenly revelation that humans would reign supreme. He followed the guidance of fate Gu and stole it, contributing it to the most crucial human — Primordial Origin who had yet to become an Immortal Venerable.”


 “I know about Yu Ji, he was the Dao Guardian of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. He obtained the heavenly revelation but did not die, instead he managed to steal fate Gu. So why did my father...” Wu Shuai had a pained expression.


 Gu Liang explained: “I have some guesses about this. Remember I told you that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had once assimilated with heaven’s will? From then on, her will started to interfere with heaven’s will. This is likely the reason why your father met with disaster, but he was able to successfully tell us the secret that dragonmen will reign supreme, he has died for a good cause.”


 Gu Liang continued to encourage him: “Your father told you this secret, Wu Shuai, you might be the crucial person chosen by the heavenly fate, someone like Primordial Origin. You cannot give up, you cannot be dejected, you need to work harder!”


 Wu Shuai shook his head: “How can I be compared to a venerable? And we variant humans cannot become venerable.”


 Gu Liang was silent for a moment before he showed a peculiar expression: “Variant humans cannot become venerable, that is a phenomenon indeed, but nobody knows the exact reasons behind it, there are all sorts of theories.”


 “The truth is, we have been researching about the reason why variant humans cannot become venerable.”


 Wu Shuai questioned: “Isn’t it because man is the spirit of all living beings?”


 Gu Liang chuckled: “Hehe, that is likely just a cover. There is a huge secret behind becoming a venerable, it depends on the spirit to some degree but that is definitely not the only reason. In human history, there were some exceptions. Some Gu Immortals with exceptional strength passed all of their rank eight tribulations but could not become venerable. Their cultivation level could not rise to rank nine.”


 “Your ancestor Duke Long should be very clear of this. He was one such example, even with his extremely high strength, he could not become rank nine, he only became a dragonman afterwards.”


 “If you can find out the truth behind this, my tribe is willing to pay any price to learn of this secret!” Gu Liang promised solemnly.


 “Do not worry, if I can learn of this secret, I will definitely share it with you at no cost!” Wu Shuai swore.


 Before leaving, Gu Liang advised him again: “Friend Wu Shuai, do take care. Even though fate Gu is not in your hands, if you are truly the fated individual, you will get some revelations. You are definitely a crucial person, these revelations might come to you or the people around you, do pay close attention to them.”


 “I know.” Wu Shuai nodded: “Let time prove everything.”


 But to Wu Shuai’s disappointment, he did not receive any revelation.


 He continued to build Central Heaven Gate to ease Heavenly Court.


 The dragonman race, especially many dragonman Gu Immortals became upset with him, they called Wu Shuai a dog. His father had died from building Central Heaven Gate but this son was actually going to continue that job, he was truly enslaved and incorrigible. He truly deserved to be left with a dead father.


 Thus, more and more dragonmen moved away from South Flower Island, it gradually became a trend.


 On this day, Wu Shuai dreamed of his father again.


 His father told him: “Continue to work hard, I understand you deeply. This sacrifice will definitely lead to great accomplishments! The dragonman race needs your leadership, my child.”


 He also dreamed that he had children with Tai Qin at long last. It turned out that deep within an Earth Trench in Eastern Sea, there was a nameless weed.


 This weed was an ancient desolate plant, it spread over a large area and was guarded by immemorial desolate beasts.


 If he and Tai Qin ate this seaweed, they would be able to have children, getting past the obstacle of cross breeding.


 When he woke up, Wu Shuai had a realization, he jolted: Was this the heavenly revelation?


 He recalled carefully.


 Before Huang Wei died, he dreamed that Huang Wei was saying goodbye to him.


 Before his father died, he also dreamed that his father was talking about his deceased mother, he spoke with great affection and said he was going to join her.


 It was quite easy to confirm this point as well.


 Wu Shuai immediately made plans, using Gu Liang’s strength to head to Eastern Sea and retrieve the unnamed seaweed in the Earth Trench.


 According to the method in the dream, Wu Shuai and Tai Qin used the seaweed together. Months later, Wu Shuai received great news — Tai Qin was pregnant with his child!


 This was truly immensely great news.


 Not only because he had obtained his offspring, but also because he confirmed his guess. He finally understood that the heavenly revelations had appeared long ago, he just failed to recognize them.


 The dreams started to change, more revelations came to Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai followed these revelations and achieved great success with minimal effort.


 Not only did he build Central Heaven Gate, he even successfully made his backdoor without Heavenly Court noticing it at all, even when they checked.


 In order to gain Heavenly Court’s trust, he stopped developing the dragonman race, he focused on his own cultivation level.


 Using the dream revelations, his cultivation level continued to rise, along with Gu Liang’s help, he passed tribulations after tribulations.


 The dreams started to change again, the revelation to build rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace appeared!


 “The core Immortal Gu of rank eight Dragon Palace is rank eight — Dream Token? This is a dream path Gu, it corresponds to the great era!” Wu Shuai was extremely excited, he immediately traveled in the five regions and two heavens, searching for dream path immortal materials.


 These dream path immortal materials are very rare, they were often buried in some corner, completely inconspicuous.


 But Wu Shuai followed the revelations, he slowly found and gathered them, refining them successfully.



***
Chapter 1845 - A Life of Tragedy!


***





 



 During this period, Wu Shuai purposely went back to South Flower Island.


 Tai Qin finally gave birth!


 “We finally have the next generation of our bloodline! Tai Qin, it has been hard on you.” Wu Shuai hugged the baby that was just born, spinning around several times in joy.


 Next, he carefully placed the baby on the bed beside Tai Qin.


 He looked at Tai Qin who was still weak after giving birth with deep affection, his gaze was extremely gentle.


 “What are we going to name our child?” Tai Qin smiled, she was filled with motherly love.


 “This child has large, lively and spiritual eyes, let’s call him Long Ling.” Wu Shuai said.[TL Note: This is Dragon Spirit in Chinese]


 Tai Qin nodded: “Long Ling, Long Ling it is a good name.”


 Their son, Long Ling, was just born, Wu Shuai was very happy now, but he also sensed that the burden on him had become heavier.


 “Huang Wei and my father have both passed away.”


 “I only have junior sister Tai Qin and my new son left now.”


 “I need to give Tai Qin a proper status, I need to give my child a bright future, he cannot live in an environment full of ostracism. I want him to live properly and proudly as a dragonman, he will grow up with pride!”


 The responsibilities were pushing and motivating him, after resting for a few days in South Flower Island, Wu Shuai went on a journey around the five regions and two heavens again, collecting dream path immortal materials.


 The process of refining dream token Immortal Gu was very mystical.


 It all happened within his dream.


 As immortal materials were refined one by one, dream token Immortal Gu was finally at its final step to completion.


 “This?!” Wu Shuai was immensely shocked.


 The final revelation in his dream was that he had to sacrifice Tai Qin, as long as she willingly sacrificed her own life, it would complete the last step of refining Dream Token.


 “No, I absolutely cannot do that!!!” Wu Shuai was deeply shook, his face turned pale, he could not accept this revelation.


 For a few days, he was completely daydreaming, he moved around in immemorial white heaven like a ghost that had no soul.


 Only until he met an immemorial desolate beast that almost killed him, he finally came to his senses abruptly.


 He killed the immemorial desolate beast but was very vexed, he could not find a solution to this.


 “Should I really sacrifice junior sister? No, absolutely not.”


 “There must be some way, there must be!”


 Wu Shuai decided to halt the plan of refining Dream Token, he wanted to get more revelations from the dreams.


 On the second night, he got a new revelation from his dream.


 This revelation was beyond shocking — “Ancestor Duke Long has an immortal killer move that can exterminate my entire dragonman race?! And Duke Long has already been wanting to use this move many times already?”


 Even though he trusted his dream revelations deeply, this news was just too unbelievable, he could barely accept it.


 He pondered for some time, he decided to return to Central Continent and investigate the truth.


 Wu Shuai had spent a lot of time and effort trying to refine dream token Immortal Gu. During this period, Central Continent was filled with undercurrents, conflict between Duke Long and Red Lotus was intensifying by the day.


 Because of the death of Wu Shuai’s father, even though Heavenly Court suspected him, Duke Long trusted him deeply.


 Wu Shuai deployed all of the manpower that he could use to investigate this matter.


 At the same time, the dream realm continued giving him more revelations.


 With the help of dream revelation, Wu Shuai gained more and more clues. These clues all proved that his dream revelations were true, in fact, Wu Shuai even learned about the name of this move — Dragonman Extermination!


 “Back then, Duke Long created the dragonman lifespan extension method, creating the dragonman race. As the number of dragonmen increased, they slowly developed into the current dragonman race.”


 “Duke Long is the ancestor of dragonmen, the source of the race, when he created the dragonman race initially, he left behind a hidden card, that was the killer move dragonman extermination.”


 “By using this move, all the dragonmen in this world would self-detonate and die, none would survive!”


 “Furthermore, Duke Long has been wanting to use this killer move for a long time, he has only been waiting as a result of Star Constellation’s will. Ancestor, you are too cruel! You are really so cold-hearted!”


 Wu Shuai felt a chill, he was helpless, anxious, and furious!


 All of his hard work, the future of the dragonman race, they were all a joke compared to this killer move, they were living in a real and yet illusory bubble!


 “What do I do?”


 Wu Shuai raised his head and screamed, he had no ideas left.


 “Right, I still have my dreams!” Suddenly, he realized as hope sparkled in his eyes, he still had a final trump card.


 That night, the dream’s content went back to a few years ago.


 Regarding the refinement of dream token Immortal Gu.


 The final step of dream token Immortal Gu was for Tai Qin to make a self sacrifice.


 The dream told Wu Shuai that in order to deal with dragonman extermination, he had to refine dream token Immortal Gu first.


 Wu Shuai woke up in shock from the dream, in the darkness of the night, he cried soundlessly.


 He looked at his lover in a daze, the woman that he loved the most in his life — Tai Qin.


 Tai Qin was originally sleeping soundly, but she seemed to have sensed something as she opened her eyes, she saw Wu Shuai’s expression which was full of anguish and sadness.


 “What is it?” Tai Qin quickly embraced Wu Shuai gently.


 Wu Shuai hugged her, he hugged her tightly. He used so much force, but never had he ever felt so weak and useless in his life!


 Wu Shuai had to tell Tai Qin the truth.


 Tai Qin was able to accept it quickly, she used her warm hands to touch Wu Shuai’s face, she smiled gently: “So that’s the reason, my Brother Shuai. I love you, I am willing to sacrifice everything for you, including my life. This is nothing much, but in this life, I not only have you, I also have another concern, that is our child.”


 “After I die, you must take good care of him, nurture our child well. Promise me that, okay?”


 “I promise you, I promise you on my life and dignity, I promise you with everything I have!” Wu Shuai cried profusely, he was filled with anguish and sadness.


 Dream Token was refined.


 Next, rank eight Dragon Palace was also constructed.


 After it was created, Wu Shuai stayed inside most of the time, he often walked around the palace as he touched the walls and pillars. He pretended that he could feel Tai Qin’s warmth, but the reality was that he could only touch the cold icy walls of the Immortal Gu House.


 The child he had with Tai Qin gradually grew up, sometimes, he would ask: “Father, where is mother? Why is she not back yet?”


 Each time he asks this, Wu Shuai would feel like a sharp spear was stabbing into his heart, causing him to bleed.


 Each time, he would squat down and hug his young son Long Ling, he would hold him tightly and warmly as he lied to him.


 The young and innocent Long Ling was like his antidote, the only thing in this world that could heal his broken heart.


 He possessed rank eight Dragon Palace but Wu Shuai did not have any intention to fight for fame or glory.


 He secretly targeted Green Ant Ascetic, Wine Fairy, and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, enslaving them all. He achieved his former dream, he could imprison Shu Jiu Ling, capture Fan Ji, and even torture him to death in front of her.


 But Wu Shuai did not do that, he let Shu Jiu Ling go be with the person she truly loved.


 He no longer cared about the past glory or humiliation, even though he had once felt pain from them and had fought intensely to achieve them.


 Wu Shuai had experienced many things in life, he let go of many things.


 Now, Wu Shuai felt very tired, he was very tired but he could not stop, he had to continue because the matter regarding dragonman extermination had not been resolved yet.


 Dream revelations came time and time again, in order to settle the matter of dragonman extermination, he had to use rank eight Dragon Palace while doing experiments on the dragonman body.


 Dragonmen were the product of the dragonman lifespan extension method, while dragonman extermination was created through this source. The three were tightly connected together.


 Wu Shuai already grasped the dragonman lifespan extension method.


 Using the power of Dragon Palace, he could totally reverse-deduce the killer move dragonman extermination killer move through it.


 But to do that, Wu Shuai alone was not enough, he gathered all of the dragonman Gu Immortals and told them the truth, he begged them for help.


 In the huge Dragon Palace, there was an unprecedented meeting, almost all of the dragonman Gu Immortals had gathered together.


 These dragonman Gu Immortals did not believe him initially, but when Wu Shuai provided facts and evidence that could not be denied, they had to believe him. At the same time, Gu Liang was present to testify that Wu Shuai’s father had found out the secret of the heavenly revelation, it was all announced to them!


 “To do experiments, we need a vast number of dragonmen, these people will almost all die, even if they survive, they will wish they were dead. However, I cannot stop this plan, if anyone objects, speak up now.”


 “I object!” Immediately, someone jumped out.


 Everyone turned to look, it was Wu Shuai’s cousin, the beloved seventh young master that Duke Long doted on the most.


 Seventh young master pointed at Wu Shuai who was on his throne as he scolded: “You scoundrel, you are insane!!!”


 “In order to gain Heavenly Court’s trust, you killed your most loyal sworn brother!”


 “To conceal the secret of dragonmen reign supreme, you caused the death of your own father!”


 “To refine dream token Immortal Gu, you actually used your most beloved wife as the Gu material!”


 “Now, to deal with dragonman extermination killer move, you even want to sacrifice all of your innocent dragonmen and do experiments on them?”


 “Why is your heart so wicked, why are you so cold-hearted?!”


 “You think that this so-called evidence will make us believe you? Hehe, you are too laughable, do you think we are all fools?!”


 “Hehehe, no, you are not laughable, you are pitiful and sad!”


 “You want to give your wife happiness, and in the end? You sacrifice her to refine a Gu. Hehehe.”


 “You wanted to make your father proud, and in the end? You killed him! You killed him with your own two hands!!”


 “You promised Huang Wei a bright future, you gave him hope. But in the end you killed him yourself. And now, what future is there?”


 “Hehehe, hahaha!” Seventh young master laughed maniacally, his tears were almost falling out: “You tried so hard to lead the dragonman race to rise up, and in the end? In the end, the dragonman race is about to be wiped out, we are going to be extinct!”


 “It was you, it was you! If you were not ambitious and took over South Flower Island, relocating our people, developing rapidly and causing conflict with the humans, why would all this happen? If the dragonman race lived quietly and peacefully, ancestor would not have the intention of wiping us out!”


 “Wu Shuai, oh Wu Shuai, you are the strongest person in the dragonman race besides our ancestor, but what you gave us was not glory or hope, it was neither equality nor dignity. It was... destruction!”


 “You are a real tragedy! Your whole life is a tragedy!!”


 The entire hall was silent.


 Wu Shuai sat on his dragon throne, expressionless...


 At this point, the dream realm finally faded away.


 In the depths of the sea, only a beautiful palace was left, along with the Four Dragon Generals.


 The dragon generals looked at Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone with complex and subservient expressions, they walked out of Dragon Palace’s door.


 The door of Dragon Palace opened on its own.


 The dragonman clone took huge steps out of this Dragon Palace.


 He was expressionless, but the vicissitudes of life were seen deep in his eyes.


 Looking at Dragon Palace, he could almost still hear the accusations of Little Seventh, as well as the gathering of the surrounding dragonman Gu Immortals.


 But taking another glance, the hall was empty, everything was gone.


 “It has... already been a million years.”


 “I am back.” The dragonman clone’s voice resounded in the hall, it was like the cry of a lingering spirit.


 “But I... am no longer myself.” The dragonman clone smiled bitterly.


 This was not his voice, this was not his face, this was not his body, it was not even his soul.


 Only his will was left —


 The will that had endured through a million years, waiting until today!


 “Dragon Spirit greets master!” Dragon Spirit appeared with a reverent expression, there was a trace of happiness in its eyes: “Finally, Dragon Court finally has a new master!”


 The dragonman clone looked at Dragon Spirit intently, his eyes turned red rapidly.


 He really wished that at this moment, Dragon Spirit could call him — Father!


 But it was impossible now.


 “Tai Qin, I have let you down after all, I could not even complete your final and only request.” Wu Shuai raised his head, he sighed deeply, his tone was filled with endless guilt and sadness.


 But he did not cry.


 A million years ago, his tears had already run dry.



***
Chapter 1846 - Obtaining Primordial Origin’s True Inheritance


***





 



 After spending a lot of effort, Duke Long finally reached an agreement with Fang Yuan.


 The two rank eights of Eastern Sea, Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng, watched the process but could not stop them.


 Duke Long not only compensated Fang Yuan a large amount of qi path cultivation resources, most importantly, he even gave one Primordial Origin true inheritance to Qi Sea Ancestor!


 This made the two Eastern Sea immortals helpless, but they also could not help but admire Duke Long’s resolution!


 Of course, they only made a fraction of the transaction on the spot.


 Qi Sea Ancestor, which was Fang Yuan’s disguise, agreed on a truce with Heavenly Court, they would coexist now, Heavenly Court would also hand over the resources gradually. As for Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, it would also be handed over in portions.


 After all, neither side was following any alliance agreement.


 They finally finished their negotiation, but not only did Fang Yuan not leave, he led the way for them.


 “Fang Yuan is trying to get Dragon Palace now, Duke Long, maybe your Heavenly Court will be able to resolve your enmity with him today.” Fang Yuan smiled as he said.


 From his expression, he looked like someone who was going to watch the show by the side.


 But Fang Yuan decided to stop stalling for time, if he continued wasting time, Duke Long and the two Eastern Sea immortals might sense something.


 In that case, he should grasp this situation firmly instead.


 They did not set any alliance agreements anyway, when it is time to fight, Fang Yuan will attack directly.


 As for those negotiations they made, who cares!


 Duke Long flew straight, he looked calm and composed, he replied plainly: “If that really happens, we will have one less problem ahead.”


 The two Eastern Sea immortals looked at each other, this matter concerned Dragon Palace, they were not going to leave yet.


 When the entire group reached the location where Dragon Palace was hidden after diving into the depths of the sea, Dragon Palace had vanished already.


 “Was Dragon Palace really here?” The Eastern Sea immortals did not believe it, they were suspicious that Fang Yuan had brought them to a wrong location but they did not dare to say it.


 Duke Long did not suspect that, even though Fang Yuan brought them here, this was the route that Fairy Zi Wei had deduced as well, there were no deviations.


 “It seems that Dragon Palace really flew away.” Duke Long sighed.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “It is truly a pity, if Dragon Palace was taken by Fang Yuan, your Heavenly Court would have lost to him once again.”


 Fang Yuan had the expression of a curious and excited bystander, he tried to provoke Duke Long with words.


 Duke Long replied plainly, he was completely unaffected.


 Because he knew a lot about Dragon Palace, back then when his descendant created it, it was designed such that only a dragonman could become the Dragon Palace Lord.


 In that case, Duke Long, who had the killer move dragonman extermination, was basically holding a trump card against it. If Fang Yuan really subdued Dragon Palace, he would have either turned himself into a dragonman, or had a dragonman subordinate.


 “Fang Yuan is a vigilant person who was reborn from the future, there is little chance that he turned himself into a dragonman. But even so, my dragonman extermination can kill one of his capable subordinates.”


 “But killing is just an added bonus, the key is to retrieve Dragon Palace.”


 “Even though I failed this time, it was not completely without gains, at least I managed to improve Qi Sea Ancestor and Heavenly Court’s relationship, there might even be a chance of recruiting Qi Sea Ancestor in the future.”


 “As for Dragon Palace... now that it has appeared, it will definitely leave clues behind, I will find it once more.”


 “Sigh, Fang Yuan’s advantage from using rebirth is too great, he could set up arrangements in advance to strike early. I was late in this contest over Dragon Palace.”


 Duke Long thought about it for a while, he was not in a hurry to use dragonman extermination yet.


 This trump card was best saved for a crucial moment in the future, to catch Fang Yuan off guard.


 Of course, Duke Long also thought that Fang Yuan might know about dragonman extermination. But if he knew, he would be guarded against it, Duke Long would not gain much from activating it.


 Regardless, not using it now was still a wise decision for Duke Long.


 “I cannot let Dragon Palace fall into Fang Yuan’s hands. The matter of retrieving Dragon Palace and dealing with Fang Yuan should be considered one problem, Fang Zheng, who is useful against Fang Yuan, should be saved first.”


 Thinking so, Duke Long approached Shen Cong Sheng.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was currently in Shen Cong Sheng’s hands.


 Shen Cong Sheng was already prepared for it, he was not surprised by Duke Long’s request.


 After all, his Shen clan and Duke Long’s Heavenly Court were both in the righteous path, they handled matters similarly.


 Shen Cong Sheng was willing to undergo transaction with Duke Long of course, exchanging Gu Yue Fang Zheng for a lot of benefits.


 He had no interest in Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he was useless anyway. Shen Cong Sheng was secretly excited, he decided to extort Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was extremely affluent, he had seen the conversation earlier.


 Fang Yuan watched by the side and was slightly moved too. But if he competed against Duke Long now, it would not be a good idea.


 Firstly, he had just arrived at an agreement with Duke Long, if he acts against him now, this would go against Qi Sea Ancestor’s character.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan was not confident in competing with Heavenly Court.


 If he tried to kill Shen Cong Sheng to snatch Fang Zheng away, the chances were very slim.


 However, Fang Yuan did not give up, he secretly transmitted to Shen Cong Sheng and inquired.


 Shen Cong Sheng heard that Qi Sea Ancestor was also interested in Fang Zheng, he quickly replied: “To speak the truth, I had just soul searched Fang Zheng, I know about his recent encounters. It seems that he indeed counters Fang Yuan, someway or another, he manages to exert negative influence on Fang Yuan.”


 Bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he immediately asked Shen Cong Sheng secretly: “Even though this Fang Yuan is only rank seven and I have only met him once, he left a deep impression on me. Since Fang Zheng counters Fang Yuan, you should keep him and negotiate with Fang Yuan. After all, he has many venerable true inheritances in his hands. If you really transact with Heavenly Court, will they want to give you venerable true inheritances?”


 Fang Yuan attempted to convince Shen Cong Sheng to keep Fang Zheng so that he could find a chance to strike.


 After all, the difficulty of planning to take Fang Zheng, who was in Shen Cong Sheng’s hands, was completely different from him being in Heavenly Court’s hands.


 Shen Cong Sheng answered very quickly, he did not dare to keep Fang Yuan waiting, he smiled: “Ancestor is right, this is a good suggestion!”


 He said that as he turned to Duke Long: “If Heavenly Court wants Fang Zheng back, give me a venerable true inheritance.”


 “Hahaha.” Duke Long laughed loudly in amusement: “Oh Shen Cong Sheng, you are too greedy. Do you think you are on the same level as Qi Sea? Friend Qi Sea was able to get a venerable true inheritance through fighting and gaining my acknowledgement. If you can get a venerable true inheritance from just trading a captive, wouldn’t you be treating Qi Sea as a joke?”


 “Shen Cong Sheng, watch your attitude.”


 “If you still have unrealistic goals, then let’s have a fight first.”


 Duke Long’s change of attitude was very clear, he spoke domineeringly, completely different from when he spoke to Fang Yuan.


 Shen Cong Sheng felt a little troubled, Duke Long was very eloquent, he purposely mentioned Qi Sea Ancestor, praising him and using this as a bargaining chip.


 But Shen Cong Sheng had done soul search on Fang Zheng, he understood the value that this person had, he smiled coldly as he said without fear: “Duke Long, I know that I am not your match, but so what? You can defeat me but you cannot kill me now. Furthermore, Fang Zheng is in my hands, I can kill him with a single thought.”


 “If you do not want to give a venerable true inheritance, what do you want to offer? Let me see Heavenly Court’s sincerity.”


 Shen Cong Sheng was not stupid, he spoke in a tone mixed with hard and soft words, he had taken a step back and stopped requesting for a venerable true inheritance forcefully.


 After all, Duke Long was much stronger than him!


 Both sides negotiated for a long time but did not come to an agreement.


 Shen Cong Sheng wanted a lot because Fang Zheng was really important to Duke Long and Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan watched by the side as he gained a clearer understanding of the situation. The more Heavenly Court placed importance on Fang Zheng, the more likely he was trouble to Fang Yuan, and the greater Fang Yuan’s killing intent became.


 He secretly spoke to Shen Cong Sheng: “In my opinion, you should contact Fang Yuan first and talk to him. He might give a higher price than Heavenly Court.”


 But Shen Cong Sheng had already made up his mind, he replied: “Senior Qi Sea Ancestor, I am more willing to hand Fang Zheng over to Heavenly Court. Firstly, Heavenly Court is a righteous path force, it has a reputation to upkeep, it also needs a living Fang Zheng. But Fang Yuan only wants a dead Fang Zheng, he might not negotiate with me peacefully. Secondly, in terms of wealth and foundation, who in this world can match Heavenly Court?”


 Shen Cong Sheng was a righteous path member after all, he had an innate barrier with the demonic path Fang Yuan, he was more willing to interact with Heavenly Court even though he was full of wariness against them.


 Fang Yuan saw that he could not convince him, he could not overdo this in case they found anything suspicious, he could only think of new plans.


 Duke Long became increasingly impatient.


 He had already spent all his effort negotiating with Fang Yuan earlier, it was not his usual way of handling things. Now that he also had to talk to Shen Cong Sheng, Duke Long felt an impulse to attack.


 But Fang Yuan was right beside him, considering that Shen Cong Sheng and Qi Sea Ancestor were both Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, Duke Long held down his urge.


 At this time, Fairy Zi Wei gave Duke Long a piece of information.


 Duke Long heard it and his eyes shined, this was an important bargaining chip, he quickly transmitted to Shen Cong Sheng.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he cried out: “Really?”


 “Of course.” Duke Long nodded: “How about that? The resources I mentioned earlier and this intel.”


 Shen Cong Sheng agreed without hesitation.


 This made Fang Yuan and Song Qi Yuan feel surprised, they wondered what transaction those two had just done.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was handed over to Duke Long by Shen Cong Sheng on the spot.


 Fang Zheng had already fainted, Duke Long held onto him as he bid farewell to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could not make him stay, he had to say goodbye as well.


 The remaining two Eastern Sea immortals said the same thing, they invited Fang Yuan to be their guest in the clan, they promised to gift some resources to Fang Yuan as the compensation for destroying the immortal battlefield unintentionally.


 Fang Yuan nodded, he needed these two people to influence Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 After agreeing on a time, Fang Yuan turned around and left.


 After flying for a while, he stopped at a certain cloud.


 From within the cloud, an Immortal Gu House appeared, the dragonman clone walked out.


 Fang Yuan and his clone smiled at each other.


 On this expedition to retrieve Dragon Palace in Eastern Sea, even though there were many hurdles, nothing bad had happened in the end, his gains were even more than expected!



***
Chapter 1847 - Dream Token


***





 



 “This is dream token Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan inspected Dragon Palace.


 Dream Token was shaped like a dragonfly, it had a round head and long body, with a pair of pink ruby eyes and four pairs of transparent wings. Looking closely at its thin wings, one would also see a faint layer of rainbow halo.


 Fang Yuan felt a sense of joy in his heart.


 All along, he had been holding deep expectations towards dream path Immortal Gu. He had many dream path killer moves, but he still had zero dream path Immortal Gu until now.


 For example, unravel dream used the wisdom path Immortal Gu Unravel Mystery, Fang Yuan used a large number of dream path mortal Gu to replace the effect of the supposed dream path Immortal Gu. This caused unravel dream to expend a large number of dream path mortal Gu each time.


 In the initial period of getting unravel dream, Fang Yuan had laboriously refined those dream path mortal Gu one by one.


 If he had a dream path Immortal Gu to replace them, he would not have had such trouble.


 Fang Yuan had always lacked a dream path Immortal Gu, but now, he finally had his first one, and it was actually the rank eight Dream Token!


 “Thinking back to the dream realm exploration, it was truly dangerous, I almost lost myself in it.” The dragonman clone who was to the side sighed heavily, he still felt deep lingering fear: “If I had not sensed something amiss in advance and secret set up unravel dream beforehand, and made it activate when I came out, I would have betrayed the main body already.”


 Fang Yuan had always used unravel dream on the dream realm, but this time, he targeted himself.


 Dragon Palace was able to enslave rank eights and create a new owner because of the power of the dream realm. Thus, when Fang Yuan’s clone used unravel dream on himself, it was also targeting this problem, effectively solving it.


 Killer moves were fixed, but people could think.


 The exact use of Gu worms depended on the user’s intentions.


 Of course, unravel dream itself could not deal with rank eight level Dream Token. In this aspect, he had to thank the four Eastern Sea Gu Immortals including Granny Rong and Zhang Yin.


 Fang Yuan’s main body nodded: “This was truly the most difficult dream realm I have ever explored. But earlier when I used luck inspection, those azure-purple qi were not a lie, they signified that you had a chance of becoming Dragon Palace Lord without losing yourself.”


 Because Fang Yuan saw a chance of success, he let his clone enter the dream to try the test.


 If not for those azure-purple qi, he would only fail regardless, Fang Yuan’s main body would have taken action already.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan and his clone had already finished communicating, they learned of each other’s encounters during this period.


 Fang Yuan’s main body critiqued: “Dragon Palace’s dream realm was very complex and deep, because both body and soul went inside, it was normal that emotions were pulled and manipulated. The dreams within the dream also made one sink deeper and unable to awaken themselves.”


 “Externally, there was Heavenly Court’s action, had I not been careful, a huge battle would occur, the situation would go out of control rapidly.”


 Even though these two Eastern Sea immortals looked harmless, they were not benign people. In the previous life, they had fought against Duke Long in order to obtain Dragon Palace. After Duke Long won, during the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, they even joined with the other rank eight Gu Immortals to invade Hidden Dragon Cave, they had never given up on Dragon Palace.


 The truth was, Duke Long chose to negotiate because Qi Sea Ancestor had incredible power, but he had also made considerations for this.


 Looking at the entire situation, Fang Yuan’s trip was full of danger this time, it was like he was walking on a tightrope, any carelessness and he would lose complete control.


 But in the end, no actual danger happened, he kept control over the situation, this showed Fang Yuan’s expertise in strategic planning.


 Firstly, he had a lot of experience in exploring dream realms, he was the number one person in the world. Even though it was his clone who took action this time, Fang Yuan had given him methods like pure dream reality seeker transformation and unravel dream.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan constructed Cooking Luck Pot, he could inspect luck. Fang Yuan had seen the azure-purple qi personally and knew there was hope of success, that was why he gave it a go.


 Thirdly, Fang Yuan sent Bai Ning Bing and others to the River of Time and used Myriad Year Flying Warship to fight against five time path Immortal Gu Houses, he drew Heavenly Court’s attention away. Next, by using schemes, he deceived Duke Long and meticulously balanced the forces of Eastern Sea and Heavenly Court, using both sides to his advantage.


 And finally, even if he failed, Fang Yuan would only lose a clone, his main body was safe and his foundation would be intact. Even if the dragonman clone betrayed him, Fang Yuan could use the connection between him and his clone to pursue and kill him. Forget about the rest, just the luck path tracking methods could not be concealed by Dragon Palace.


 Because Dragon Palace was created during Red Lotus’ era, while luck path was created in the future by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Because of all these reasons, Fang Yuan was able to face Heavenly Court, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals, and the Four Dragon Generals while showing great strength and control, he created a situation where he could advance or retreat at all, he had a great advantage throughout.


 Of course, the risks were high.


 If he lost the dragonman clone, Fang Yuan would lose all of his dream path methods.


 After all, unravel dream and pure dream reality seeker transformation were with his clone.


 But he had to take the risk.


 How could any grand plan have no risk? And this was involving a rank eight Immortal Gu House like Dragon Palace!


 As for Wu Shuai’s will, it did not exist.


 No will could live in the dream realms for over a million years.


 The dragonman clone had thought he was Wu Shuai for some time, it was the effect of Dream Token’s modification, twisting his own will, causing the dragonman clone to think that he was Wu Shuai, having been revived.


 But how could Fang Yuan’s will be so easily distorted?


 Even if he were deceived, he would sense it in the future and gradually wake up. Unless the dragonman clone stayed inside Dragon Palace all the time and imprisoned himself, subjecting himself to the effects of Dream Token.


 Wu Shuai’s arrangements and considerations back then were truly meticulous, his effort was praiseworthy.


 After Fang Yuan’s main body learned of the clone’s encounter, he was moved and praised loudly: “He was truly a formidable person!”


 It was a pity that Wu Shuai failed.


 It was not that he lacked capability. Otherwise, how could he resist the pressure of the ten great sects of Central Continent and develop South Flower Island properly?


 His talent and aptitude was very high. That was why his father nurtured him since he was a child, afterwards he even got picked by Green Ant Ascetic, finally becoming rank eight, even though he received external help, his own strength was the foundation to everything.


 Regrettably, his enemy was too strong. Forget about Heavenly Court, just Duke Long alone could wipe out the dragonman race. And behind Duke Long, there was still Star Constellation.


 The heavenly revelation that dragonmen would reign supreme was the decree of the Heavenly Dao. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was too fearsome, after assimilating her own will into heaven’s will, she actually managed to twist the Heavenly Dao.


 Precisely because of that, the three Demon Venerables who appeared after Star Constellation did not manage to destroy Heavenly Court, it was only Red Lotus Demon Venerable who managed to damage fate Gu. Just this small accomplishment was already beyond the expectations of everyone, after all, Red Lotus Demon Venerable was not an otherworldly demon!


 Thus, Wu Shuai’s defeat was predestined from the start.


 Even Demon Venerables failed, more so Wu Shuai?


 Wu Shuai could make sacrifices, but Heavenly Court had countless members who were willing to sacrifice too. Duke Long exterminated the entire dragonman race, wasn’t it a sacrifice? Star Constellation Immortal Venerable became one with the Dao, she sacrificed herself.


 From Wu Shuai’s life, Fang Yuan’s main body learned about the strength of Heavenly Court!


 This organization’s foundation was just too deep.


 The immortal graveyard had countless slumbering rank eights...


 After a million years, Duke Long was still alive...


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, Chen Yi, and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, all of these people were very influential and powerful...


 Today, the great power of Heavenly Court was already established, it suppressed everything in history. Even Demon Venerables could not defy it.


 Just this alone could make one feel suffocated! No wonder Shen Cong Sheng and Song Qi Yuan felt so wary, looking at the Earth Trenches emerging and the five regions fusing, they got more anxious by the day.


 Fang Yuan wanted to overturn this current trend!


 “Only by destroying fate Gu can I have any hope of eternal life.”


 “If I fail, will anyone feel moved when they hear of my story in the future?”


 “Hehe, they would merely be moved.”


 After inspecting Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan kept his clone and Dragon Palace in his immortal aperture, he summoned Xue Er, Shi Shi Cheng, and Mo Tan Sang.


 Fang Yuan used Omni-directional Travel with them, rapidly leaving Eastern Sea.


 Ever since Fang Yuan annexed Qi Sea grotto-heaven, the killer move jade flow pearl stopped being effective. He had to use Omni-directional Travel instead to move around.


 The ancient battle formation had its unique advantage too, Fang Yuan could naturally use Myriad Year Flying Warship to travel, this rank eight Immortal Gu House was not slow at all. But it was currently fighting inside the River of Time.


 Even if Fang Yuan had it with him, he would not use it to travel, it was too eye-catching.



***
Chapter 1848 - Collating His Gains


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 A grand purple-gold palace floated in the air.


 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 The dragonman clone manipulated this Immortal Gu House, producing a large amount of dense smoke.


 Wherever the dense smoke went, it devoured everything. Fang Yuan used it as a test, he brought over an immemorial year beast, it could not resist as it growled while being overwhelmed by the dense smoke, vanishing without a trace.


 “Gather.” The dragonman clone willed, the dream path smoke shrunk back into Dragon Palace like a python returning to its cave.


 Everything that it had engulfed also naturally went into Dragon Palace.


 This was the dream path killer move that Fang Yuan had personally witnessed in his previous life. Back then, Dragon Palace produced dense smoke that corroded Heaven Overseeing Tower, even though it had turned phantom, it was still hit.


 One skill to dominate the world, in this current period of time, the Gu Immortal world and even Heavenly Court lacked ways to deal with dream path methods.


 The effectiveness of dream path was immediate.


 But now that Fang Yuan personally used it, he realized that this dreamy light smoke was not a dream path offensive killer move as he had thought, it was used for capturing enemies instead.


 Like earlier, Dragon Palace only used this one move to capture an immemorial year beast that had rank eight battle strength, suppressing it inside the palace easily.


 Dragon Palace was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, even though it had the rank eight dream path Immortal Gu Dream Token, its roots did not change.


 The killer move dreamy light smoke was meant to assist with Dragon Palace’s enslavement, by first capturing the target and trapping them, before enslaving them afterwards.


 Other than dreamy light smoke, Dragon Palace also had two other dream path killer moves.


 One was called dream revelation, it had wisdom path effect, allowing a Gu Immortal to dream in their sleep and attain revelations.


 The other was called dream within dream, it was a dream realm that allowed one to construct dream realms within dream realms. Like the time the dragonman clone explored the dream realm and became Wu Shuai, while Wu Shuai went into another dream to gain dream revelations, this was the power of dream within dream.


 As for the dream realm that shrouded Dragon Palace earlier, it was the power of Dream Token itself.


 Fang Yuan considered it for a while, at his current stage, dreamy light smoke had the most practical use.


 Even though dream revelation was profound, it not only consumed immortal essence but also heaven’s will! That was to say, this killer move needed the participation of heaven’s will.


 In Wu Shuai’s case, he held the heavenly fate, dragonmen were meant to reign supreme. Thus, heaven’s will helped the dragonmen, it was okay for him to use this move, he would receive the guidance and assistance of the Heavenly Dao.


 But Fang Yuan could not.


 Fang Yuan was an otherworldly demon, he was suppressed and targeted by heaven’s will. All along, he had been enemies with heaven’s will, he had a killer move called heaven’s will dissipation, it was specially used to eliminate heaven’s will.


 How could he expect heaven’s will to help him?


 As for dream within dream, this killer move targeted dream realms instead of living beings.


 After activating it, it could form a deeper layer of dream realm within a dream realm.


 What use was that?


 It allowed one to modify dream realms.


 Wu Shuai used this to modify Dragon Palace’s dream realm back then, creating a dream within a dream. When Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone explored it, he faced this type of dream constantly. Undeniably, this made the dream realm much more complex, it became easier for the explorer to lose themselves and succumb to the dream realm.


 What use did Fang Yuan have for it?


 In the short period of time, Fang Yuan’s thoughts were on dream realm explorations — he could modify these dream realms to create a dream within a dream.


 These dreams within dreams were created by Fang Yuan, they belonged to him. In that case, he could construct a safe zone in the dream realm so that he could recuperate or recover in it.


 But the most important thing was dream token Immortal Gu!


 This Immortal Gu was similar to the Soul Beast Token that Fang Yuan had, the former was a dream path Gu worm that had enslavement path ability, while the latter was a soul path Gu worm with similar enslavement path ability.


 Fang Yuan had already learned of the exact use of this rank eight dream token Immortal Gu from the Dragon Spirit.


 Back then, Duke Long wanted to unleash dragonman extermination, Wu Shuai was not safe from it. But after a lot of hard work and experimentation, he had some gains, he could delay his death.


 Using his final bit of time, he activated dream token Immortal Gu.


 He expended not just all of his rank eight immortal essence, but also his emotions, memories, and wills.


 After he made his arrangements, he became extremely thin, only a bit of his soul was left, in the end he sat on his dragon throne, because of the huge expenditure earlier, he died after a while.


 In the end, he sacrificed even himself.


 He contributed everything he had.


 Thus, currently speaking, the price of activating dream token Immortal Gu was huge! Wu Shuai was not killed by dragonman extermination, he died from using Dream Token.


 Fang Yuan evaluated secretly: “He was an enslavement path Gu Immortal at the peak of rank eight, he sacrificed himself to activate Dream Token and created this Dream Token dream realm.”


 “In the current era, the blessed land that Dragon Palace was hiding in got destroyed, it left and went into the bottom of the sea, subduing Granny Rong, Zhang Yin, and the other Dragon Generals.”


 “Even though it gained four rank eight battle strength experts, the foundation of the dream realm fell greatly, so when the dragonman clone explored it, Dragon Palace’s dream realm showed traces of weakness in some areas.”


 The most obvious being Wind Cloud Manor and Black Heaven Temple.


 These two sects were part of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, they were not sects that had existed a million years ago during Red Lotus’ era.


 The dream realm could not display them properly, it had to rely on the dragonman clone’s memories.


 This was a flaw, it indicated that the dream realm was already at its limit during that time.


 “This means to say, by sacrificing a peak rank eight Gu Immortal like Wu Shuai, I can enslave four rank eights and one rank seven.”


 If this was the Dragon Palace dream realm in its complete form, the dragonman clone would likely still get modified even if he used unravel dream. Thus, he had to thank the four Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals for using up a lot of the dream realm’s power.


 If Dream Token was used alone, the user would die from using it because this Immortal Gu uses all of the Gu Immortal’s foundation to create a dream realm.


 The size and power of the dream realm would depend on the situation and which Gu Immortal was used to create the dream realm.


 Of course, rank six and seven Gu Immortals did not have rank eight immortal essence, they could not use dream token Immortal Gu in the first place.


 And rank eight Gu Immortals could not be forced to do it, they had to do it out of their own will.


 “That means, each activation of dream token Immortal Gu would expend one rank eight Gu Immortal?” This price was huge, Fang Yuan was not willing to try it.


 “But in the future, when my dream path attainment level rises, I can use dream token Immortal Gu as the core to create corresponding killer moves to limit Dream Token, to prevent it from draining the Gu Immortal entirely so as to create restricted dream realms.”


 “But it’s not very useful.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, dream token Immortal Gu alone was not very useful to him.


 Even if he had killer moves to create dream realms in the future that would not kill the Gu Immortal using it, Fang Yuan would still need to expend his own foundation, immortal essence, and soul foundation, but most importantly, his true meaning would also be converted and expended. This meant that Fang Yuan’s attainment levels would fall.


 Without true meaning, the dream realm would just be a weak illusion. Precisely because dream realms contained true meaning, emotions could be used to trap a person in the dream realm. If the Gu Master succeeds in exploration and ignores the interferences of emotions, they would gain true meaning and raise their attainment levels.


 “But in the future, when dream realms become common everywhere, I can spend some attainment level to create a trap and plot against crucial people. I can turn them into my subordinates, my enemies will be caught unguarded.”


 Dream Token, dreamy light smoke, dream within dream, dream revelation, these were his dream path gains.


 For Fang Yuan, not all of them were practical, but they did cause his dream path abilities to skyrocket several times. In particular, these killer moves were part of the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace, making it very convenient for Fang Yuan to use them at will without much practice at all.


 Other than dream path, he had great gains in other areas too.


 The most obvious were the Four Dragon Generals that included Zhang Yin and Granny Rong, Fang Yuan was happy to gain new rank eight battle strength experts, four in fact!


 The accumulation of Wu Shuai and his dragonman race was all kept in Dragon Palace for the future, they were all now Fang Yuan’s possession.


 These legacies were mostly contents related to enslavement path. But the most valuable ones were relating to the Qian Kun Crystal Wall, Censure Peak, and army ant.


 Wu Shuai suppressed and enslaved Calligraphy Pavilion Lady back then, he gained her Immortal Gu House Calligraphy Pavilion. Wu Shuai found that the reason Calligraphy Pavilion was so strong was because there were many Qian Kun Crystal Wall fragments stored inside.


 The Qian Kun Crystal Wall was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was recorded within u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e, but it had always been in a state of fragmentation. Calligraphy Pavilion’s Qian Kun Crystal Wall fragments were just a portion of the original.


 The value of Censure Peak, to make a comparison, was similar to the incomplete Refinement Sea. The white haired Lang Ya land spirit wanted to create the secluded domain of heaven and earth Refinement Sea, he paid a huge cost but did not succeed. Censure Peak was already completed, yet it could only be considered on the level of an incomplete secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was inferior to Refinement Sea in essence.


 Army ant was the true inheritance of Green Ant Ascetic, after Wu Shuai inherited it, he made good use of it, it was his main offensive method back then, as long as they grew to a certain number, they would have terrifying might, one would be able to fight a group of rank eight Gu Immortals alone.


 And finally there was Dragon Palace itself, the Dragon Spirit, and enslavement path attainment level.


 After the dragonman clone passed the dream realm, his enslavement path attainment level rose directly to quasi-supreme grandmaster.


 Back then, Wu Shuai’s enslavement path attainment level was merely one level away from supreme grandmaster, even though he had the bonus of a dragonman’s latent enslavement path talent, his aptitude was truly terrifying.


 Throughout history, there were countless heroes and geniuses that ascended the stage of fame. In the long river of history, there were countless shining stars that had their own dazzling light, even though there were ten venerables standing above them with unparalleled power, they did not lose their own unique colors.


 The gains were immense, Fang Yuan had basically inherited the legacy of the entire dragonman race!


 To process these gains, he would need countless years.


 Fang Yuan was a little helpless, he had limited time, he could only choose to utilize those that were helpful to him.


 Army ant was not going to be practiced now, this method was just icing on the cake, Fang Yuan already had the battle strength to fight an entire group of rank eights alone. Furthermore, building an ant army from scratch would require an immense amount of resources.


 Qian Kun Crystal Wall and Censure Peak were foundations of information path, Fang Yuan lacked methods in this aspect. Earlier, he made Li Xiao Bai enter Profound Literature grotto-heaven for this purpose as well.


 What made Fang Yuan feel slight regret was that Dragon Palace lacked dream path defensive methods. If it had any, in the current world where dream path was too advanced for the era, it would be even more powerful and useful than winter coat and reverse flow protection seal!


 But thinking about the previous life, Fang Yuan could accept this fact. If Dragon Palace had such dream path defensive methods, it would not have been invaded by Duke Long.



***
Chapter 1849 - Ancestor of the New Dragonman


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The Long Hair refinement path formation made a loud noise as a large amount of white litchi immortal essence was instilled, a huge flame that soared to the sky appeared.


 Within the raging flames, the dragonman clone sat cross-legged with his eyes closed, he was expressionless as if he had fallen asleep.


 Meanwhile, his body was beginning to melt away, resembling iron which had just begun to melt into liquid.


 This was naturally a painful thing, but the dragonman clone’s soul had left the body in advance, it was standing beside Lang Ya land spirit now.


 Fang Yuan’s main body personally controlled the refinement path formation while Lang Ya land spirit, Sixth Hair, and the rest assisted him.


 Fang Yuan mobilized almost all of his refinement path manpower here, he was giving it his all!


 As the flames burned, the flesh and skin of the dragonman clone gradually swelled and blistered, and soon he was completely disfigured. It looked like colloids or bubbles that were about to pop completely.


 “Be careful and hold steady. I’ll leave this to you, Lang Ya land spirit.” Fang Yuan himself presided over the situation while giving out instructions.


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded.


 Fang Yuan did not need to completely scorch and melt the dragonman clone, if he did so, it would be tantamount to killing him.


 What Fang Yuan needed was this current condition, where the dragonman clone had reached the limit of what he could bear, but was only on the verge of destruction.


 To maintain this state, the Gu Immortal had to manipulate the intense flames while paying close attention to the dragonman clone’s condition.


 Fang Yuan passed this job to Lang Ya land spirit, he had already turned into the white haired land spirit who was stable and calm, he had deep refinement path experience that Fang Yuan could not compare to. This was the step that could not accept any careless mistakes, Fang Yuan was assured with Lang Ya land spirit handling it.


 Next, Fang Yuan started to activate the refinement path formation as traces of lightning gathered.


 These lightning sparks were pitch black and thick like chopsticks, they crackled continuously.


 The lightning sparks entered the raging flames like they were entering empty space, they were completely unaffected by the flames.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, the lightning sparks stabbed into the dragonman clone’s body, piercing through the lumps of blood and flesh, attaching themselves to the soft skeleton.


 The pitch-black lightning sparks fixed the skeleton in place as they slowly moved out, taking one of the dragonman clone’s arm bones out along with them.


 The arm bone was not heat resistant, it started to show signs of melting, but at this time, Sixth Hair who was already prepared activated the refinement path formation and sent out waves of bubbles.


 Fang Yuan quickly tossed the arm bone into the bubbles.


 The bubbles surrounded the arm bone and quickly flew up, getting out of the top of the raging flame.


 Hairy man Gu Immortals were already waiting there, they prepared a pool of lightning plasma. The arm bone was put into the lightning plasma and got refined continuously, this was the first step.


 The second step, another hairy man Gu Immortal took over, placing the arm bone in a green current to wash it.


 The third step, others took charge. The arm bone was baked, washed, and cleaned, it shrunk greatly, and got buried in a pile of soil made from pale white bone.


 Next, the refinement path formation used the power of time path to accelerate the time of the bone soil.


 The bone soil continued to be absorbed by the arm bone as it got smaller in size. The arm bone only absorbed half of the soil before it stopped, it was taken out, three steps were still waiting.


 This was an arm bone, while the dragonman clone had a total of more than three thousand bones in his body, they were all going to be processed similarly.


 And this was just the bones, the dragonman clone’s flesh, blood, brain, organs, fingernails, and hair, they all needed to be refined.


 This was an extremely tedious job, Fang Yuan alone had too low efficiency, that was why he mobilized all of his refinement path experts.


 Thankfully, even though the refinement of the dragonman clone was tedious, it was not hard. The biggest difficulty was that attention was needed at all times to maintain the dragonman clone’s condition. Lang Ya land spirit was in charge of this so Fang Yuan felt assured.


 Following this process, after three days and nights in the sovereign immortal aperture, the Long Hair refinement path formation finally stopped.


 His bones were put back, his hair, blood, flesh, fingernails, organs, and brain were all refined properly, he was now immune to the dragonman extermination killer move.


 Back when Duke Long created the dragonman lifespan extension method, he used the profundity of transformation path, qi path, and human path, but Fang Yuan did not lack expertise in these three aspects now.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan’s refinement path foundation was something Duke Long could never match up to.


 And with his wisdom path ability, if given enough time, Fang Yuan would definitely be able to break the killer move dragonman extermination.


 There were no killer moves that could not be broken.


 It was just that a gradual process was necessary, a long time was needed to continuously attempt trial and error.


 After gaining Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan obtained the research results of the dragonman experiments, it helped him greatly.


 In fact, Wu Shuai was very close to success back then, even though he did not truly break dragonman extermination killer move, he had conceptualized many ideas, he just lacked time to experiment on them. During the final period before dragonman extermination, the dragonman Gu Immortals cooperated with Wu Shuai, they placed their immortal apertures in Central Continent as test locations, they tried all these methods respectively, they were spreading the seeds of hope.


 The dragonman blessed land that Fang Zheng encountered was one of them. Of course, it was not from the first batch of blessed lands, the dragonman Gu Immortals that appeared in the blessed lands had placed their own immortal apertures, taking the place of the previous generation each time.


 Fang Yuan did not know how many generations had gone by, he did not care either. But he used this precious information to deduce which was the most likely plan to succeed from all of the methods that Wu Shuai had conceptualized.


 Information regarding the matters involving Fang Zheng was obtained by Fang Yuan after Shen Cong Sheng gave him the results of his soul search. Shen Cong Sheng did not know how precious this information was, he was basically handing Fang Yuan the solution!


 Fang Yuan had the ability and clues to finally modify the dragonman race. From this day onwards, the dragonman clone would be completely immune to the killer move dragonman extermination.


 Of course, that was only Duke Long’s dragonman extermination. If Fang Yuan created one himself, the dragonman clone would still be affected by it.


 After all, Fang Yuan had personally created the new dragonman clone, he knew everything about it.


 At this point, his work was not done.


 Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone’s soul had adapted to the original dragonman body, thus it was also under the influence of Duke Long’s dragonman extermination killer move.


 Therefore, he had to modify the dragonman clone’s soul next.


 There was no need to use the refinement path formation for this, Fang Yuan had a vast number of soul path methods.


 Dealing with the soul was much easier than the body.


 Coincidentally, the dragonman clone’s soul foundation needed to be improved anyway, so Fang Yuan temporarily put the dragonman clone in the soul expending myriad guts formation to cultivate.


 Soul foundation was the foundation of enslavement path.


 Currently, Dragon Palace had enslaved the Four Dragon Generals, it was the limit. To enslave more living beings, the Dragon Palace Lord would need to sustain it with their soul.


 Noting this, Fang Yuan started to understand why the Dragon Spirit acknowledged Bai Ning Bing in the previous life.


 “It must have been an emergency back then, Dragon Palace needed Bai Ning Bing’s soul to split the burden and enslave Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng.”


 “The Dragon Spirit can control Dragon Palace to begin with, it is similar to heavenly spirits and land spirits, it can acknowledge a master and exist indefinitely.”


 “Of course, one needs to have dragonman identity and the aspiration to develop the dragonman race in order to gain the Dragon Spirit’s acceptance.”


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan smiled.


 Developing the dragonman race was not impossible. Fang Yuan had already started to raise variant humans on a large scale, one was to comprehend human path, another was to manage the immortal aperture and finally, to try and obtain the variant human inheritances.


 Whether he would develop dragonmen or not, was there a difference to him?


 No!


 Of course, Fang Yuan was going to raise his new dragonman race, he would definitely not develop the old dragonman race.


 Therefore, in a way, Fang Yuan was now the ancestor of the new dragonman race!


 Heavenly Court cared about race, it was their basis. But Fang Yuan did not care.


 So what if dragonmen reign supreme? Fang Yuan did not care about that at all.


 His only goal was eternal life!


 If developing the dragonman race could help him achieve this goal, then he would do it. If they obstructed him in the future, he would eliminate them.


 It was so simple!


 If becoming a dragonman meant he could achieve eternal life, Fang Yuan would immediately abandon his human identity and change sides, even if countless people took pride in their human status.


 The dragonman clone lacked a name? He would be called Wu Shuai then.


 Fang Yuan was completely fine with that.


 The dragonman clone started to cultivate and modify his soul.


 The time path clone was still using the light of wisdom to make endless deductions.


 The dream path clone was still waiting. Fang Yuan originally wanted Dragon Palace to help the dream path clone with his tribulation, but after obtaining it, he realized Dragon Palace had no dream path defensive killer moves.


 This made Fang Yuan’s plan flop.


 If there were to be a dream path tribulation, how would Fang Yuan defend against it? Even reverse flow protection seal would be useless at that time.


 There was a way, which was to use dream token Immortal Gu as the core to deduce a usable dream path killer move.


 But this move had to be rank eight! Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment but his dream path attainment level had not even reached master!


 This was troublesome.


 He would need to spend a lot of time and effort, Fang Yuan thought about it and decided to defer this.


 He was not going to give heaven’s will a chance to plot against him!



***
Chapter 1850 - Making Arrangements in Eastern Sea


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 Shen clan headquarters, purple rosewood myriad sparrow island.


 Shen clan first supreme elder Shen Cong Sheng said with enthusiasm: “Senior Qi Sea, this is the six sound tea from my Shen clan, please enjoy.”


 Fang Yuan nodded as he looked at the cup in front of him.


 Six sound tea was the signature tea of Shen clan, it was incredibly famous in the five regions, it was superior compared to Spirit Affinity House’s qingpu tea, Myriad Dragon Dock’s dragon shadow tea, Southern Border Qiao clan’s bewitching tea, and Fang clan’s seven li fragrant tea.


 Six sound tea was not drunk in just one cup, it was a set of six tea cups.


 These six cups of tea had very specific details when it came to the brewing process, temperature, cup used, sequence of drinking, and exact way to drink.


 Fang Yuan first held the first cup, this tea was crystal clear, it was like the sky devoid of clouds, extremely pure and intact.


 “Autumn wood sound.” Fang Yuan thought to himself as he savored the tea.


 The moment he drank it, he felt refreshed as his mind became clear, it was pure and cleansed.


 It was as if he had turned into a carefree flying bird, or a cool breeze, moving casually in the autumn skies.


 After a moment, Fang Yuan drank the second cup of tea, cloud flow sound.


 This tea had a special texture, it was soft as cotton unlike normal tea. It melted when it entered the mouth, turning into a slightly cold stream of water that flowed down his throat, it was drunk in one mouthful without doubt.


 After the tea went into his stomach, faint fog started to appear on his tongue, throat, and intestines, this dense tea fog filled his body and even permeated to his internal organs.


 “Good tea.” After savoring it for a while, Fang Yuan went on to the third cup.


 This tea was called river mournful cry.


 The tea was held in a long cup, the tea inside was not calm, there were slight ripples in it, this looked like a miniature river.


 Fang Yuan poured the tea into his mouth as he felt an incredibly profound feeling, he forgot about himself, he felt like a river that had gone through countless twists and turns, after much turmoil, he entered Eastern Sea in the end.


 Autumn wood sound.


 Cloud flow sound.


 River mournful cry.


 Jade harp.


 Phoenix cry.


 Hibiscus laughter.


 These six cups were excellent tea if drank on their own, but the most amazing thing was that they were interlinked, after Fang Yuan drank all six of them, he felt dazed as an incredibly indescribable feeling engulfed his five senses, he was deeply entranced.


 By the time he came back to his senses, two hours had passed.


 “Good tea.” Fang Yuan praised extensively after the experience: “Even though I live in seclusion, I have heard of the six sound tea’s reputation. Today, I have truly experienced it for myself, it lives up to its name.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was satisfied, Shen clan’s first supreme elder, Shen Cong Sheng, became incredibly happy as he laughed: “Getting Senior Qi Sea’s praise was worth the three days and nights of preparation by my clan’s Gu Immortals.”


 Six sound tea was made of immortal materials, only Gu refinement experts among Gu Immortals could make it. To refine an entire set of the six sound tea, Shen Cong Sheng even had to be involved himself.


 This tea had different levels of ingredients that could be used, since Shen Cong Sheng was refining it, he used the top grade ingredients, expending a large amount of rank eight immortal materials.


 Rank eight immortal materials were expensive, using them to refine Gu was normal, but he was using them for tea now. After Fang Yuan drank it, there was nothing left, this was truly a luxury but it showed how enthusiastic Shen Cong Sheng was about hosting Fang Yuan!


 After drinking the tea, Shen Cong Sheng invited Fang Yuan to tour this purple rosewood myriad sparrow island.


 This island itself was a giant resource point, the island was not made of soil or rock, it was an immemorial desolate plant, sea suppressing purple rosewood.


 The purple rosewood was rooted at the bottom of the sea, its crown grew above the water, the branches intertwined into this island.


 Countless species lived on this island, they were mostly sparrows.


 When these sparrows cry, the branches of the purple rosewood would shake and emit wonderful sounds. These sounds would spread far and wide, calming the surrounding seas.


 The sea here was calm and tranquil like a mirror, there was no wind in the sky at all.


 This was the reason for the ‘sea suppressing’ purple rosewood’s name.


 Shen Cong Sheng warmly attended to Fang Yuan for two whole days, he personally accompanied him the entire time, while sometimes also inviting a few of the female Shen clan immortals to serve Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan talked to him very harmoniously, before leaving, Shen Cong Sheng presented gifts to him with both hands.


 These gifts were very valuable, not only were there a large amount of immortal materials, there were even two stalks of ancient desolate plant sea suppressing purple rosewood.


 Shen clan’s sea suppressing purple rosewood was an immemorial desolate plant, it could only produce a special branch every eight hundred years.


 Grafting these branches would allow one to grow an ancient level sea suppressing purple rosewood.


 Even though the sea suppressing purple rosewood had many branches, the rest of its branches could not be grafted for this purpose.


 These two stalks of sea suppressing purple rosewood were not just ancient desolate plants, they were two large sized resource points.


 In order to befriend Qi Sea Ancestor, Shen Cong Sheng invested a lot, much more than Song Qi Yuan.


 Before coming to Shen clan, Fang Yuan already went to Song clan and received Song Qi Yuan’s welcome and hospitality.


 “After these two trips, my reputation should have spread in Eastern Sea, no, it should have spread in all five regions.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea Ancestor identity was destined to be renowned in the world.


 This was decided the moment he fought toe-to-toe against Duke Long.


 “Next, I will wait for the reactions of Eastern Sea’s other super forces. They will all invite me to visit them.” Fang Yuan planned.


 It seems that for this period of time, his main body was going to attend banquets everywhere.


 This was what Fang Yuan wanted!


 Eastern Sea was rich with resources but it lacked a unified voice, it did not have a leader that had great aspirations or foresight.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Eastern Sea was suppressed by the other regions. In this life, even though Eastern Sea mobilized several rank eights to act together, they only went after Dragon Palace, they did not have thoughts of attacking Heavenly Court or Emperor City.


 Eastern Sea was not like Southern Border which had Wu clan, it had the formidable character Wu Yong.


 It was not like Northern Plains which had Longevity Heaven.


 And it was not like Central Continent which had Heavenly Court.


 Eastern Sea was quite like Western Desert, but Western Desert Gu Immortals were used to working together, their resources were also much poorer compared to Eastern Sea.


 In Fang Yuan’s memories, Eastern Sea had never done anything outstanding. Even though Eastern Sea’s super forces had deep foundations, while their lone immortals were also much richer than those in the other four regions.


 But they were too disunited.


 What if a strong leader appeared? What if they had a unified voice?


 A person like Qi Sea Ancestor who cultivated qi path, he had no conflict with Eastern Sea’s super forces or even most of the Gu Immortals in terms of resources. He even had battle strength on the level of Duke Long, this was his greatest foundation in intimidating the rest.


 Could Qi Sea Ancestor successfully become the leader of Eastern Sea?


 Of course, Fang Yuan did not expect Eastern Sea’s super forces to listen and obey his arrangements, that was not realistic.


 But to become the alliance leader in name, it was possible!


 Weren’t Shen Cong Sheng and Song Qi Yuan thinking about this? They wanted to make sure Qi Sea Ancestor stayed with Eastern Sea, in the future when war starts, they would be able to gain his protection.


 But they did not know that Fang Yuan wanted this too.


 Even if he was just an alliance leader in name, and could not interfere in the super forces’ internal affairs, as long as he could influence Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, Fang Yuan’s goal would be achieved.


 Don’t forget that four rank eight lone immortals of Eastern Sea, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong and the others, were already Dragon Palace’s dragon generals.


 With their support and Fang Yuan’s status as the alliance leader, he would exert great influence. Forget about the rest, just during the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, when Heavenly Court tries to repair fate Gu, Fang Yuan could lead Eastern Sea and use its power in an appropriate setting!


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights wanted to gain Fang Yuan’s favor, not only were they hospitable, they even gave him expensive gifts.


 Even during normal times, Qi Sea Ancestor’s battle strength and stance would already make them want to win him over. Now, with the Earth Trenches emerging and the five regions merging into one, it was even more necessary.


 Dragon Palace dived into the sea and descended until it reached the bottom of the sea.


 This sea area seemed very ordinary, but after Dragon Palace waited for a while, the dragonman clone’s voice resounded from within: “Dragon Palace has arrived, where is Gu tribe?”


 His voice spread out and reverberated in the depths of the sea.


 The dragonman clone waited patiently, after some time, the scenery in the sea changed as an entrance opened, showing a blessed land that was hidden inside.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal walked out and looked at Dragon Palace with an alert gaze that had traces of excitement in it, he cupped his fist: “I am the thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and sixty-seventh Gu tribe leader, who is the current owner of Dragon Palace?”


 Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone walked out: “I am Wu Shuai.”


 The expression of Gu tribe’s shook, he asked: “What relationship do you have with Fang Yuan?”


 The dragonman clone laughed heartily: “Mutual cooperation, without Fang Yuan’s help, how could I have revived?”


 Gu tribe’s leader nodded, he was not surprised.


 News of Duke Long, Fang Yuan, as well as the fight between Qi Sea Ancestor and Duke Long had already spread far and wide.


 The dragonman clone had a solemn expression: “The world is changing rapidly, the crucial moment is arriving. Gu tribe leader, will your tribe still uphold our agreement from a million years ago?”


 Gu tribe’s leader smiled, he did not reply immediately: “We need to discuss this matter deeply, Senior Wu Shuai, please come in.”


 Saying so, he gave way.



***
Chapter 1851 - Interfering in Three Regions


***





 



 The dragonman clone first entered Dragon Palace, before flying into the blessed land while inside this Immortal Gu House.


 The blessed land was Gu tribe’s headquarters, it was outsider territory and Gu tribe’s leader had rank eight cultivation level, it was much safer to be vigilant in this situation.


 Once he entered the blessed land, he saw a vast area. This blessed land was huge, it was larger than some grotto-heavens.


 Within the blessed land, he could see various types of immortal materials around, most were extinct in the current era already, Fang Yuan’s clone gained quite a bit of insight.


 “Even though this blessed land’s foundation cannot compare to Lang Ya blessed land, it is not far off.” Dragonman clone Wu Shuai thought.


 Among the blessed lands that Fang Yuan had seen, Lang Ya blessed land had the deepest foundation, followed by Imperial Court blessed land, this current one was the third.


 “Gu tribe blessed land, development of over a million years! The generations of Gu tribe leaders had at least rank seven cultivation level, most were rank eight, with such an expert defending it, this blessed land’s calamities and tribulations were not a threat.”


 “Furthermore... Gu tribe does not consist of humans, it receives the help of heaven’s will. Even if there are calamities and tribulations, they would not be very strong.”


 Wu Shuai thought to himself.


 The way of heaven was to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it emphasized on balance. Currently humans were the overlords of the world, and all the variant human forces were forced to live pitifully in some corners of the world.


 Thus, any variant human group would receive the help of heaven’s will.


 “Senior Wu Shuai, please come with me.” Gu tribe’s leader said politely while leading the way.


 Dragonman clone Wu Shuai followed closely, after flying for some time, the two landed in a dense forest.


 In this primordial forest, there was a huge tribe that had over ten thousand people, the ones living in this tribe were all beastmen.


 Indeed, this Gu tribe was a beastman tribe.


 According to human historical records, beastmen were extinct, but the truth was, heaven left them a chance of survival, a lineage of beastman bloodline had survived and lived until today, isolated from the world.


 Wu Shuai received a warm welcome from the entire tribe.


 Soon, the banquet was ready, Gu tribe’s leader invited Wu Shuai to take a seat.


 Wu Shuai walked out of Dragon Palace, he was accompanied by two dragon generals as his bodyguards.


 Gu tribe leader’s pupils shrank a little as he laughed loudly, his attitude was even more enthusiastic than before.


 Wu Shuai only exposed half of his dragon generals, but each of them had rank eight cultivation level like Gu tribe’s leader. Within this beastman blessed land, other than Gu tribe’s leader, there were no other rank eight existences.


 Because of his dream realm explorations, Fang Yuan’s clone had a great understanding of this beastman tribe.


 After talking for some time, Wu Shuai gained a clearer understanding of Gu tribe. Gu tribe’s leader also dispelled the suspicions in his heart after this conversation.


 This beastman tribe consisted mostly of fish head and human body members, their cheeks had gills, their ears were fins, and they had spiky fins on their backs. Other than that, some had frog legs, some had seabird wings, some carried turtle shells, and some had a ring of green seaweed on their heads.


 These beastmen originally lived in the sea, back then, the beastman race went from domineering to weak, they were wiped out on the mainland, only this small group living in the sea were spared.


 Because the beastman race became weak while humans dominated the world, this group of beastmen had to recuperate in the sea, they did not dare to take any actions.


 But their enmity with humans had never been forgotten. Almost every generation’s Gu tribe leader had such intentions, they wanted to create internal conflict in humans and allow themselves a chance to rise up.


 In history, the real Wu Shuai met his generation’s Gu tribe leader and it was because of their alignments that he helped Wu Shuai become an immortal, they went after fate Gu together, he was a formidable person!


 In order to deal with dragonman extermination, Wu Shuai talked with Gu tribe’s leader, they came up with an alliance agreement of both races.


 Earlier at the door of the blessed land, Fang Yuan’s clone and this generation’s Gu tribe leader conversed, they were talking about this agreement.


 This was the arrangement left by the real Wu Shuai, he had prepared it to lead the dragonman race to prosperity. Now that Fang Yuan inherited Dragon Palace, he naturally wanted to make use of this arrangement.


 Gu tribe had developed under the sea for so many years, while Gu tribe’s leader was a rank eight expert, with their deep foundation, Fang Yuan wanted to make good use of their strength.


 Gathering more strength to deal with Heavenly Court, this was something Fang Yuan wanted to do.


 While Fang Yuan’s Wu Shuai clone and Gu tribe’s leader were conversing happily, in Western Desert, Yang Zi He and Zhang Yin had succeeded.


 Rumble!


 With an intense sound, Yang Zi He finished his last attack.


 Taking a look, the prosperous oasis here had turned into rubble, nothing was left.


 This was a large resource point of Fang clan, it was destroyed without any possibility of recovery now.


 “We should go!”


 “This is the third place we destroyed, according to master’s orders, we can return already.”


 “Let’s inspect first, and see if we left any clues behind.”


 The two dragon generals inspected carefully, they left after making sure nothing was left behind.


 Fang clan went into a commotion!


 Losing three large resource points in one day, Fang clan’s losses were not small at all.


 Dong clan was also shocked!


 Because in the rubble, there were some words written and left behind — Dong Lu Chen was here.


 Dong Lu Chen was the first supreme elder of Dong clan, earlier, Fang clan had taken revenge on him, using a theft path Immortal Gu House to destroy one of Dong clan’s oasis resource points.


 After hearing the news, Dong Lu Chen’s face turned dark as he scolded: “These shameless people, the so-called righteous path! They dare to frame me and actually used such a terrible method! If I find the culprit, I will not let them off!”


 Dong Lu Chen did not suspect Fang Yuan of course, his suspicions were on the super forces besides Fang clan and Dong clan.


 This was an obvious plot to sow discord, if Fang clan fell for it and started to retaliate against Dong clan, those Western Desert super clans were the first ones to benefit.


 Dong Lu Chen could not sit and wait, he quickly sent a letter to Fang clan’s first supreme elder, Fang Gong.


 Fang clan had the wisdom path Gu Immortal Fang Di Chang, they would not fall for such a plot, after thinking about it, Fang Di Chang asked Fang Gong to send Dong Lu Chen a letter and work together to find the real culprit.


 This was a great move.


 After Dong Lu Chen received the letter, he realized it was a little troublesome.


 He knew that Fang clan was trying to rope in Dong clan and make them allies on the same side.


 But Dong Lu Chen was not stupid.


 Dong clan and Fang clan shared borders, when Fang clan gets stronger in the future, they would first eat into Dong clan’s territory and benefits.


 But if he did not try to find the culprit, would it imply that he had a guilty conscience?


 Dong Lu Chen thought about it for a while, he decided to head to the crime scene and try to find the culprit with Fang clan’s Gu Immortals.


 They would obviously not be able to find the truth, since Fang Yuan sent two dragon generals to deal with this matter, he definitely had ways to divert them away from the truth.


 Thus, Fang clan and Dong clan got their answer, it pointed to the other forces near them.


 But Fang clan and Dong clan were calm, they did not go to question the others, they only remembered this in their hearts.


 Both of them were very restrained.


 Dong Lu Chen memorized these few clans, he did not want to expose them, he needed them to deal with Fang clan after all.


 And Fang clan, in order to maintain stability, would not resist these super forces openly. After all, it was all alone, while Divine Bean Palace was still far from being refined.


 “Second supreme elder, the situation is getting more dangerous, can you really unravel Divine Bean Palace alone, isn’t it too tiring? That Suan Bu Jin is a wisdom path Gu Immortal, maybe he can help you and do some of the work for you.” Fang Gong suggested to Fang Di Chang.


 In his opinion, Suan Bu Jin had participated in the battle over Divine Bean Palace, he had entered it before, now that he was Fang clan’s external supreme elder, he was one of them and was trustworthy.


 Fang Di Chang thought about it but could not make up his mind, in the end he sighed: “Let me think about it.”


 Southern Border.


 In Xia clan’s headquarters, Xia Cha was also sighing.


 She had been released by Fang Yuan, even though she had her body and soul, her immortal aperture was taken by Fang Yuan and annexed by his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Xia Cha was no longer a rank eight Gu Immortal, she was a mortal.


 Even though she was still the first supreme elder of Xia clan in name, Xia Cha felt like this status was a joke.


 “I am a cripple now!”


 “Even if I was rank eight in the past, so what?”


 “Fang Yuan! You have amazing methods, if I can ever take revenge for this immense hatred, I will tear off your skin, pull out your tendons, and grind your bones till they turn to dust!”


 Thinking so, Xia Cha sighed again.


 She knew herself that this hope of revenge was too slim.


 “Good news, good news, Lady Xia Cha!” At this moment, Xia clan’s third supreme elder came running excitedly.


 “What good news?” Xia Cha frowned as she looked at him.


 Xia clan’s third supreme elder handed Xia Cha an information path mortal Gu: “This was the letter that demon Fang Yuan sent over using treasure yellow heaven.”


 Xia Cha laughed coldly: “This demon is devious and greedy, not only did he capture us, he separated our bodies and souls, extorting us time and again, he truly deserves death!”


 “Right now, Fang Yuan does not have much to extort us already. I do not need to read this letter, it is merely a new idea from Fang Yuan to extort our Southern Border righteous path.”


 Xia Cha shook her head continuously.


 Xia clan’s third supreme elder nodded: “Lady Xia Cha is right, Fang Yuan’s intentions are obvious. He has been buying luck path immortal materials recently, he seems to be refining many luck path Immortal Gu. But this time, his offer is truly...”


 “What? He is offering Immortal Gu? Or does he want to exchange Gu for Gu?” Xia Cha frowned before waving her hand: “You do not need my agreement for this matter, let second supreme elder handle it. If it is an Immortal Gu beneficial to our clan, let’s exchange for it.”


 “This time, Fang Yuan is offering a mortal Gu.”


 “Hmph, wanting to exchange a mortal Gu for Immortal Gu or immortal materials? Wishful thinking!”


 Xia clan’s third supreme elder smiled: “Lady Xia Cha, you should look at this first.”


 Xia Cha received the information path Gu worm as she looked and sneered at it: “Has Fang Yuan gone insane? He wants to get so many immortal materials with just one mortal Gu. I want to see what Gu this is!”


 “Hmm?!” Xia Cha saw the crucial information in the letter, her expression changed abruptly.


 She quickly stood up and said in an unquestionable tone: “I must have mortal Gu, we need to get it regardless of the price! Fang Yuan wants luck path immortal materials? Give him, give them all to him!”



***
Chapter 1852 - Contest Over Gu Refinemen


***





 



 Southern Border.


 Ba clan, Mansion Mountain.


 Ba Shi Ba carefully held a rank one mortal Gu as he stared without blinking, he was deeply concentrating: “This is second aperture Gu?”


 He observed carefully, this Gu worm looked like a beetle with two sharp ends and a fat midsection, it was the size of a young man’s fist. It was like blue jade, and felt soft and cool to the touch. There was a golden eye on its plump back. The golden eye flashed with lightning, seemingly having a mind of its own.


 To exchange for this Gu worm, Ba clan had used up almost all of the luck path immortal materials that it had in its inventory.


 Fang Yuan was extorting them but Ba Shi Ba had to accept it, even though this was a tiny rank one Gu, it gave him the courage and hope to continue living in this world!


 Second aperture Gu was very easy to use, it did not require primeval essence or immortal essence, by just dripping one’s blood onto the Gu, and feeding it until it was full, it would self-detonate and take effect.


 After second aperture Gu self-detonated, it created a tiny aperture in Ba Shi Ba’s body.


 This was a rank one aperture, the lowest rank of cultivation.


 But Ba Shi Ba’s eyes turned red after seeing this, he was so excited his body started shaking intensely.


 “Even if that demon Fang Yuan extorts us, I needed to buy this!”


 “With this aperture, I can cultivate again. From rank one to five, I can use relic Gu. After rank six, I can have the help of Gu Immortals in the clan to undergo tribulations.”


 “But to reach the foundation and achievements of my first immortal aperture, it would be too hard.”


 Thinking of this, Ba Shi Ba gritted his teeth, he was filled with hatred towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan captured and soul searched him, even taking his first aperture away. Even if he gave a second aperture Gu, this was another form of extortion!


 For Ba Shi Ba who originally had rank eight cultivation level, it was a great humiliation.


 “Fang Yuan, just you wait, one day, I will take revenge for this humiliation. I will return you a hundredfold the pain that you have caused on me, you will get to enjoy this feeling yourself!”


 Ba Shi Ba had a ruthless expression, he had not been having a good time these last days.


 He was still the first supreme elder of Ba clan, but after getting captured by Fang Yuan, not only did his reputation fall, he was also turned into a cripple now.


 Compared to Xia Cha, Ba Shi Ba was in a worse state.


 Because during the time he got captured, Ba clan gained a new rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Ba De!


 After Ba De became a rank eight Gu Immortal, he immediately became the second supreme elder and led the affairs of Ba clan.


 Ba Shi Ba’s authority was taken away.


 “Thankfully, I have this second aperture Gu now!”


 “I have ample cultivation experience, I have gone through tens of tribulations, it will be easy to become an immortal again, I am certain of it.”


 “I need to use my time well and quickly become a Gu Immortal again. After all, my influence will become smaller over time, I need to use the rest of my influence well and try to help my cultivation process to make it as smooth as possible.”


 Ba Shi Ba had his own plans, he already prepared enough relic Gu.


 Immediately, he used them all, quickly becoming a rank one peak stage Gu Master.


 But at this point, no matter how Ba Shi Ba attacked his aperture walls, it remained motionless.


 “What is happening?”


 “My cultivation level is stuck! This second aperture has issues!”


 Ba Shi Ba became furious and shocked after checking it, he felt like he was deceived, he had bought a fake product with a huge price.


 He quickly called the Gu Immortals who were close to him and asked them to contact Fang Yuan, to ask what was this situation about.


 Fang Yuan was researching on Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, his expression shifted slightly into a smile as cold light flashed in his eyes: “It seems that they have discovered the problem already.”


 However, he was prepared for this, he quickly responded.


 Ba Shi Ba heard his response and broke his favorite teacup in anger: “Demon, you are going too far!”


 It turned out that Fang Yuan had only mentioned his second aperture Gu could awaken a second aperture, it did not say that there was a restriction on cultivation advancement. To mislead the Southern Border immortals, Fang Yuan described his own feelings and experiences when he first used second aperture Gu.


 Ba Shi Ba foolishly thought that this second aperture Gu would allow him to rapidly become a Gu Immortal again.


 Over on Xia Cha’s end, a wisdom path Gu Immortal noticed this problem. Fang Yuan thus told Xia Cha that this second aperture Gu was originally an Immortal Gu, he had modified it into a series of Gu from rank one to six. Rank one second aperture Gu could allow one to have rank one cultivation level, the others from rank two to five followed the same logic.


 Xia Cha immediately wanted to buy the rank six second aperture Gu but Fang Yuan’s response made her speechless: “I am only selling rank one second aperture Gu!”


 “It seems that Ba Shi Ba is in a worse state compared to Xia Cha.” Fang Yuan smiled, he could see the anxiety in Ba Shi Ba’s heart from just this small incident.


 “This means that Ba De has become a rank eight already, even though Ba clan is keeping quiet about it.”


 “This is a good thing.”


 The Southern Border immortals had an immense grudge with Fang Yuan, but they shared the same common enemy — Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court wanted to repair fate Gu, in the previous life, Fang Yuan had already seen the attitude of Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Thus, Fang Yuan returned the bodies and souls of the Southern Border immortals, even though he annexed their immortal apertures, he gave them second aperture Gu as well.


 His motive was to ensure that the Southern Border immortals had some level of battle strength remaining, sufficient to find trouble with Heavenly Court.


 After experiencing so many things, through hurdles and difficulties, Fang Yuan finally managed to live through the great pressure of Heavenly Court. He now had deep foundation and many subordinates, he was able to interfere in the politics of the five regions, he could secretly use many methods to form a huge plan that would encircle Heavenly Court!


 Unconsciously, he had already grown from a pawn to a chess player.


 “Fang Yuan, I want to eat your flesh and drink your blood!” Ba Shi Ba looked at the letter as his body shook in deep anger.


 He finally understood Fang Yuan’s goal.


 Fang Yuan refined a set of second aperture Gu, if Ba Shi Ba wanted to regain his cultivation level from rank one to two to three... he would need to use an entire set until rank six second aperture Gu, to gain a proper immortal aperture and finally rise back to rank eight cultivation level.


 That was to say, if Ba Shi Ba wanted to regain his former glory, he would need to be extorted by Fang Yuan six times!


 Ba Shi Ba cursed and threw a few more items around before he slowly calmed down.


 Looking at the messy study room, he pondered for a moment before laughing loudly: “Ba Shi Ba, oh Ba Shi Ba, how can you behave like this? You had lost in the first place and got captured, it was already immense fortune that you survived. How can you still act so worried over losses and gains?”


 “So what if I cannot regain my cultivation, so what? As long as I work hard enough, I will have no regrets even in death.”


 He muttered, it seemed like he was rationalizing with himself.


 After saying that, his body relaxed, he felt his mind clearing up, he could also see at a greater height, a scene that he could not observe when he was still a rank eight in the past.


 This was the scenery of human life!


 He had completely calmed down, a smile showing at the corner of his lips.


 “Fang Yuan, you demon, you are truly formidable, I fell for it once again.” The hatred in his heart did not go away, but Ba Shi Ba started to smile and face reality, he no longer acted like before.


 At this moment, even though he did not have high cultivation level, he was much more carefree and composed than the time when he was a rank eight.


 “I don’t have much of a choice now, I need to accept his extortion. After all, becoming an immortal is the most important matter now!” Ba Shi Ba felt clarity in his heart.


 The clan could be relied on, but only for some time. His influence and favors that were accumulated from the past would slowly dwindle with the passing of time.


 Especially when a new rank eight Gu Immortal appeared in the clan.


 He needed to act quickly!


 “Rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth. Jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower. A bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains. Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above, add beast phantoms in the middle until lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures...”


 This was the Gu recipe of his second aperture Gu.


 Fang Yuan had obtained it from Three Kings blessed land.


 The former part was the same as the original, Fang Yuan did not modify anything, but the latter part was completely changed, it could not be recognized from before.


 Fang Yuan modified this Gu recipe, from the rank six Immortal Gu recipe to a series of Gu.


 Fang Yuan had refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster and human path grandmaster attainment level, he even had the light of wisdom helping him, it was not hard to make this deduction.


 “With this set of Gu worms, I can extort them all the way. If there is no chance for extortion, I will create my own opportunities.”


 “In fact, this method can be used in Eastern Sea, Western Desert, and Northern Plains as well. As for Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, I’d rather just kill them instead.”


 Fang Yuan was an unscrupulous merchant with no sympathy.


 Mortal level second aperture Gu had an extremely low cost of production, it did not need lifespan Gu or immortal materials.


 It needed more human apertures instead.


 Human apertures were simply Gu Master apertures.


 Fang Yuan simply captured some human Gu Masters to use as Gu materials, it was easy and cheap.


 But he sold them to the Southern Border immortals at an extremely high price, he earns hundreds or even thousands of times the profit.


 And these Southern Border immortals treated second aperture Gu as their life-saving rope, the only hope in their lives, no matter what price Fang Yuan asked, they would accept it without resistance.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had considered their bottom line and also the overall situation of resisting Central Continent in the future.


 “Success, Lord Fang Yuan, we refined another luck path Immortal Gu!” The hairy man Gu Immortals transmitted good news again.


 “Very good, keep up the good work.” Fang Yuan praised casually.


 This extortion of the Southern Border immortals was very successful because of second aperture Gu, many of the clans handed over their precious luck path immortal materials.


 With them, Fang Yuan ordered the hairy man Gu Immortals to start refining luck path Immortal Gu without restraint.


 The price of refining Immortal Gu was high, his luck path immortal materials dwindled in numbers, but his gains were immense.


 These last days, several luck path Immortal Gu were refined, becoming Fang Yuan’s possession.


 Heavenly Court.


 “Damn, I failed again.” Yuan Qiong Du had an ashen expression, looking at the pile of ashes in front of him, he had an ugly expression.


 During this period of time, he simply could not believe this was reality!


 First, he tried to refine fixed space Gu, he failed.


 Recently, he tried refining several luck path Gu worm, he failed, failed, and failed!


 “My methods are not wrong, the process was smooth too, but Immortal Gu are unique.”


 “Many of these Immortal Gu exist already, I cannot refine them!”


 “Sigh, if only I can find out which Immortal Gu are already in existence, that would be great.”


 Fang Yuan’s tactic of refining the luck path Immortal Gu first made Heavenly Court suffer great losses.


 This was a hidden showdown, whoever had the initiative would reap the greatest benefits.


 Even though Heavenly Court had a deep foundation and bottomless inventory, Fang Yuan made use of Southern Border’s righteous path and firmly suppressed Heavenly Court in this regard.


 Unless Fang Yuan stopped now, Yuan Qiong Du would continue to fail, he would not have many gains.



***
Chapter 1853 - Good Child


***





 



 Coo coo coo...


 Sounds of the strange birds resounded in this sky. The size of the bird group was huge, it looked like a gigantic dark cloud that approached Mountain Cliff City.


 Within Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, Mountain Cliff City was one of the ten most special cities.


 This city was built at the top of a cliff, at its highest point. The people and social behavior here were all quite special.


 “Fat butt birds are coming!”


 “Quick, quick, prepare for defense!”


 “Everyone, don’t panic, our Combat Beast Envoys have not arrived yet.”


 At this moment, Mountain Cliff City was filled with voices and extreme vigilance.


 The fat butt bird group made shriek noises as they flew towards the top of Mountain Cliff City.


 They had a crown on their heads, their bodies were covered in messy feathers, their bodies were fat, they had especially large butts.


 Within the bird group, there was a bird king that was twice the size of an ordinary fat butt bird. It flew on top of Mountain Cliff City as it looked down, its butt moved with force as it squeezed, a lump of bird shit fell down immediately.


 This bird shit was smelly and dark, it was huge, about the size of a hut, falling from the sky.


 Swoosh—!


 Boom!


 The bird shit fell with increasing speed, there was a sharp sound as it crashed down, destroying a segment of the city walls.


 Fortunately, there were not many people around, few got injured.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Boom boom boom!


 The bird king’s attack started the offensive streak of the bird group, lumps of bird shit started to fall from the sky, crashing on Mountain Cliff City.


 At once, it was as if the sky started to rain heavily.


 But this rain contained peculiar raindrops, they were oversized bird shit.


 A large number of houses collapsed as they got crushed, the walkway, gardens, fountains, and even the City Lord statue at the center of the city got mercilessly covered in bird shit.


 After the first wave of attacks, the bird king flapped its wings and rose into the air with its army. There were a huge number of them, they circled around before returning and approaching Mountain Cliff City again.


 “Combat Beast Envoys, attack!” At this moment, the leader of the troops defending Mountain Cliff City shouted loudly as he led the way, flying into the sky and facing these fat butt birds in battle.


 A large number of Combat Beast Envoys followed, at once, humans and birds engaged in a huge aerial battle.


 “Little eagle, let’s go fight too, do you dare or not?” Youngster Zhan Bu Du had already sneaked out of the City Lord’s manor, he spoke to the arrowtail eagle on his shoulder.


 The arrowtail eagle screeched as arrogance flashed on its cute and young face. It flapped its wings and pecked Zhan Bu Du’s face lightly, as if it was angry at its master’s belittling attitude.


 “Since you are not afraid, let me go with you!” Zhan Bu Du smiled, he seemed like an innocent youngster but was actually Fang Yuan’s clone, he had been taken in as a disciple of Mountain Cliff City Lord, he had spent a lot of time with the young eagle, he had a good grasp of its nature. With just a little provocation now, the young arrowtail eagle burst out with battle intent.


 “Come, little arrowtail eagle.” Zhan Bu Du shouted loudly.


 The young arrowtail eagle screeched as it flapped its wings, it shot towards the sky like an arrow before flying back towards Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du shouted again: “Combat Beast Envoy — Transform[1]!”


 He activated his Gu worm as his body shined with dazzling azure light. The young arrowtail eagle slammed onto his body and fused with the human shaped light figure.


 At the next moment, the human shaped light figure went through rapid collision and changed form.


 As the azure light faded, Zhan Bu Du grew to a three meter tall giant with an eagle head and human body, he had azure wings on his back, his arms and legs had turned into yellow bird claws.


 Zhan Bu Du flapped his wings intensely as wild winds blew, he soared into the sky and entered the battlefield.


 “Look, it’s Little Du. He sneaked out to join the battle after all. This child!” A middle aged beauty looked at Little Du’s flying figure with worry.


 She was the daughter-in-law of Mountain Cliff City Lord, she had one son but he had died when he was still a child.


 After Mountain Cliff City Lord took Zhan Bu Du in as his disciple, he quickly became a member of this family. The middle aged beauty made him her godson and placed all the love she had for her deceased child onto Zhan Bu Du.


 Beside her was a middle aged man, he only had his upper body left, his lower part was cleanly cut off. But his face was still lively, he was quite spirited.


 He looked at Zhan Bu Du as he praised after a while: “Hahaha, this kid’s fighting ability is getting higher. As expected of the person who received my teaching, father, you took in a good disciple.”


 “He is your godson too.” The old Mountain Cliff City Lord stroked his beard as he said happily.


 He had originally adopted Zhan Bu Du through a coincidence, because the young arrowtail eagle had treated Zhan Bu Du as its family, he could not separate them. But after teaching him well, Mountain Cliff City Lord found that Zhan Bu Du was actually a raw talent, the more he taught him, the more he shined.


 Zhan Bu Du displayed great comprehension ability, he also worked very hard, Mountain Cliff City Lord was very satisfied. And even more satisfying was that Zhan Bu Du had a helpful nature, he was brave and kindhearted, he was like the sunlight which could penetrate into people’s hearts.


 “Be careful!” In the sky, Zhan Bu Du shouted as he raised his speed.


 He slashed with his right claw, shooting out a wind blade.


 The azure wind blade was like a curved blade that directly slaughtered the fat butt bird that chased after him.


 “Thank you, Little Du.” The Combat Beast Envoy who was saved was a guard of Mountain Cliff City, at this moment, he had a complex feeling.


 Because normally, he looked down on Little Du, he laughed at his weak strength, he had only gained the arrowtail eagle’s recognition because he was lucky.


 But now it seemed like Zhan Bu Du’s combat ability far exceeded him, even saving him without minding their past conflict.


 “Don’t worry about it, we are all people of Mountain Cliff City.” Zhan Bu Du opened his beak as he spoke human words.


 After hearing his words, the Combat Beast Envoy felt even more complex than before.


 “Quickly regroup, fight the fat butt bird group and protect the city!” Zhan Bu Du urged.


 “Okay!” The Combat Beast Envoy nodded seriously as he joined the intense battle again.


 Mountain Cliff City Lord watched this scene as his evaluation of Zhan Bu Du rose again.


 “This child.” The middle aged beauty eased her frown: “I will deal with him when he comes back!”


 “Hahaha.” The wheelchair bound middle aged man laughed cheerfully.


 Mountain Cliff City Lord nodded lightly, he did not say anything.


 “After this battle, everyone’s impression of me will improve again.” Zhan Bu Du was very calm, he analyzed the situation.


 The Combat Beast Envoy he saved was very grateful to him, but the truth was, Zhan Bu Du was very grateful towards him as well.


 “Without someone like him, how could it display my superior character?”


 After gaining the arrowtail eagle’s recognition, his status rose immensely as he became the disciple of Mountain Cliff City Lord, this made a lot of people envious.


 Fang Yuan made use of everyone’s mentality as he chose a seemingly vicious enemy who was actually harmless to him.


 After he purposely met with the enemy by ‘coincidence’, they went into a verbal brawl.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan intensified this conflict and even got beaten by his enemy in a public area.


 Afterwards, he went home with bruises and spoke to Mountain Cliff City Lord, asking to intensify his training without explaining the reason. That way, Mountain Cliff City Lord would be able to interpret it himself.


 Originally, Fang Yuan wanted to use this enemy to raise his own reputation. But with this fat butt bird calamity, he had an even better chance.


 Once the chance appeared, Fang Yuan’s clone immediately used the chance to save his enemy under everyone’s supervision.


 “After entering this place, my luck has always been good, even though the descending bird egg had expended a lot of my luck. It seems that the main body’s luck path attainment is getting deeper and more profound, he can provide me with a lot of help.”


 After the intense battle, the fat butt birds lost.


 Zhan Bu Du’s performance was very eye-catching, he was almost about to kill the bird king when Mountain Cliff City Lord transmitted his voice and stopped him.


 After the battle, Zhan Bu Du purposely went to ask Mountain Cliff City Lord, showing his confusion: “Grandfather, why didn’t you let me kill that vicious bird king? Without it, our Mountain Cliff City Lord will not face such a calamity anymore.”


 “Little Du.” Mountain Cliff City Lord patted Fang Yuan’s clone’s tiny head, he said with joy: “Even if you kill the bird king, they would choose a new one.”


 “Then why didn’t grandfather deal with them personally? With your strength, you can wipe out the bird group.” Fang Yuan asked innocently.


 Mountain Cliff City Lord smiled again: “That is because the bird faeces are a good thing. It can make our soil fertile, it can help the wheat grow more healthily, in fact, many caravans want to trade goods for our bird faeces.”


 “Is that so? The smelly bird shit is a treasure?!” Fang Yuan’s clone was deeply surprised.


 Looking at him, Mountain Cliff City Lord laughed heartily: “Oh Little Du, grandfather taught you not to judge a book by its cover, you must not just look at the appearance of the things in this world.”


 “I understand now, I will remember grandfather’s words deeply.” Fang Yuan’s clone nodded solemnly.


 “Mm, good boy.” Mountain Cliff City Lord smiled again, he thought to himself: “Other than that, there are other reasons of course. But you are still young and innocent, my disciple, it is still too early for you to learn about those reasons.”


 After saying goodbye to Mountain Cliff City Lord, Fang Yuan left the City Lord’s manor.


 The city lord manor was huge and tall, it was a city within a city. Fang Yuan could see the entire city from this altitude.


 Within the city, the people were already starting to rebuild and recuperate. The mortals stopped hiding, they came out of their bunkers and caves.


 This fat butt bird calamity did not just give Fang Yuan’s clone a huge amount of reputation, he even gained a deeper understanding of this world.


 “The fat butt bird king is a mutated beast king, it has rank five Gu Master battle strength. I am just a rank one Gu Master, but with the arrowtail eagle’s power, after fusing with it, I could almost kill it. Battle strength is too easily obtained inside this grotto-heaven, thus the traditional Gu Master cultivation cannot prosper.”


 “But if this Gu Master cultivation way flourished, this city would not just be made of simple rocks and mud, it would have dozens of Gu Houses as defensive towers. The fat butt bird calamity would not have caused such losses.”


 “However, there are great merits in keeping the calamity around.”


 “Mountain Cliff City is located at the top of a cliff, it is surrounded by hard mountain rocks, bird faeces are needed to fertilize the land so that farming can take place efficiently. The bird faeces are also a huge resource that can attract merchant caravans to come from afar, engaging in trading.”


 “Mountain Cliff City can use this test to recruit more talents. Giving the city some external pressure will also promote unity, these city inhabitants will also place their faith in the ruler.”


 “The killer move myriad beings assimilation transformation affects the entire grotto-heaven. Gu Masters can use the killer move’s power to transform in here, the process would require them to expend their positive emotions. Thus, Combat Beast Envoys are usually people with rich positive emotions.”


 “But this does not mean that the people here are innocent, the higher-ups still possess crafty scheming abilities and methods.”


 Fang Yuan thought about this as he went to the outer city.


 “Ah, Lord Zhan Bu Du.”


 “Young master Zhan Bu Du.”


 “Hello, young master!”


 “Young master fought heroically, all of us watched it from here.”


 Along the way, Fang Yuan was well received with everyone’s greetings.


 He opened his mouth and scratched his head, he smiled in an embarrassed manner, revealing his white teeth: “Hi everyone, hi everyone, don’t call me young master or lord, just call me Little Du!”


 “Here, uncle, let me help you.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined as he walked forward to an old man, snatching his shovel away.


 “Uncle, take a break, let me help you dig the faeces up.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Oh, Little Du, you came to help me again. You are such a good child, you are a good child!” The old man was so moved his eyes turned red.


 Even though Combat Beast Envoys had rich positive emotions, strength often changed people, many people would mind their own statuses, who would act like Fang Yuan, even though he was the Mountain Cliff City Lord’s disciple, he came to the mortal area and had no fear of getting tired or dirty, he helped these mortals with his own strength.


 Fang Yuan worked as he thought: “Looking at the time, my main body is about to take action. My progress alone will not reach my goals in the short time, I need the main body to unleash a beast calamity while I cooperate with him.”


 “The main body’s beast calamity will not be a tiny problem like the fat butt birds.”


 While the city people praised Fang Yuan immensely, they had no idea that he was plotting a devious and vicious scheme that would harm the entire grotto-heaven right now.


 [1] Henshin!



***
Chapter 1854 - Twelve Zodiac Battle Formation


***





 



 The water of the River of Time flowed slowly, emitting beautiful lights of various colors.


 Compared to the River of Time, this river water was not wide or deep, it was just a tributary.


 This was Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s tributary of the River of Time, because of it, time could flow in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it was not a still and motionless world.


 A figure suddenly appeared.


 He had a pale face that resembled jade, he had a divine and unparalleled appearance, his nose bridge was tall and his eyes were dark like the abyss, his long hair extended to his waist, resembling a black waterfall.


 It was Fang Yuan’s main body!


 “Let’s do it here.” Fang Yuan looked at this tributary of the River of Time, he waved his hand.


 Suddenly, twelve balls of light shot out .


 The balls of light landed in the tributary of the River of Time, turning into twelve immemorial year beasts.


 These twelve immemorial year beasts had different forms, they were the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, money, chicken, dog and pig. Among them, the immemorial year rat, ox and dog were the most powerful and outstanding.


 Back then, when Fang Yuan fought against Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals in the River of Time, he had used Myriad Year Flying Warship to defeat them. But towards the end, these three immemorial year beasts came to fight Fang Yuan, the immemorial year ox crashed into Myriad Year Flying Warship and damaged it, the immemorial year dog’s bite crushed the sides of the vessel, while the immemorial year rat directly went inside and took away Years Flow Like Water!


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had prepared for this and created a fake Years Flow Like Water as bait, the immemorial year rat was deceived and took away the bait, it attracted a lot of attention and helped Fang Yuan’s Myriad Year Flying Warship to escape from danger.


 After the matter, Fang Yuan recovered and went back into the River of Time using Myriad Year Flying Warship, he went to find these immemorial year beasts. After some effort, he finally subdued them all.


 As a result, Fang Yuan finally collected all twelve immemorial year beasts.


 While cultivating, Fang Yuan used this foundation to assemble his Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 “Right now, I have not practiced Twelve Zodiac battle formation enough to fight against Heavenly Court, but against Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it is more than sufficient.” Fang Yuan had a plan in his mind.


 The Twelve Zodiac battle formation was an ancient battle formation, it was not the same as the current era’s Gu formations.


 And because Fang Yuan’s main body was not inside controlling it, there was a great difficulty in trying to manipulate this ancient battle formation.


 It was still effective against Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s inhabitants, but against Heavenly Court’s experts, it would expose too many flaws, they would not be threatened by it.


 Immemorial year beasts roared as the Twelve Zodiac battle formation activated, twelve lumps of piercing light formed into twelve golden pillars that stabbed into the bottom of the river, while extending up towards the sky.


 The pillars were tightly connected together, golden radiance burst out as the twelve golden pillars vanished, only a dense golden fog remained, it shrouded over the tributary of the River of Time, it was so thick one could not see anything inside.


 Swish swish swish!


 The golden fog influenced the tributary of the River of Time, causing the river water to move quicker and quicker.


 The Twelve Zodiac battle formation was an offensive battle formation, but Fang Yuan was a quasi-supreme in time path, when he activated it, he could break free from the limitations of the battle formation, creating a profound change to influence the time flow in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven itself.


 This influence was naturally very severe.


 “At this moment, the qilin heavenly spirit should have noticed it.” Fang Yuan smiled as he waved his sleeves, opening his immortal aperture’s entrance and letting out a large number of year beasts.


 Among these year beasts, there were desolate beasts and also ancient desolate beasts.


 The year beasts growled and roared, they charged out of the golden fog as they invaded Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Any time path Gu Immortal attacking a grotto-heaven or blessed land would have a different route that other paths could not use, that was the tributary of the River of Time.


 As a time path quasi-supreme, he naturally had such a method.


 Fang Yuan was a huge demon of the current era, once he acted, he caused an overwhelming influence on the entire Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s qilin heavenly spirit was shook awake: “Oh no! The tributary of the River of Time has been altered, there is a time path great expert forcefully modifying the time flow of this grotto-heaven, we need to stop them!”


 The cultivators in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven went on another cultivation way and did not know the outside world, they thought that Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was the entire world, they could not even connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 But the qilin heavenly spirit was born from the obsession of Beast Calamity Immortal, it was not restricted by this.


 The qilin heavenly spirit had a lot of knowledge, after Fang Yuan made his move, it immediately sensed that Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was in an incredibly dangerous state.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s rate of time was raised several times by Fang Yuan, this meant that calamities and tribulations would descend very rapidly. Even though Beast Calamity grotto-heaven had the protection of myriad beings assimilation transformation, it could not endure the non-stop occurrence of the calamities and tribulations.


 The qilin heavenly spirit did not show up, but it had control of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it had many ways to hint the Gu cultivators of this place. Furthermore, Fang Yuan purposely wanted them to notice him, he sent a large number of year beasts that left the tributary of the River of Time, showing up everywhere in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 A mighty tribulation instantly formed, it caught all of the Gu Immortals in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven unguarded.


 Because of the year beasts’ destruction, a lot of areas suffered great losses, lives were lost, the entire grotto-heaven was in a state of chaos and commotion.


 Mountain Cliff City was implicated as well, as a Gu Immortal, Mountain Cliff City Lord was also mobilized to fight.


 “To settle this tribulation, we need to deal with the source. After I leave, Mountain Cliff City will be in your hands.” Mountain Cliff City Lord instructed.


 His subordinates in the city quickly nodded as they showed solemn expressions.


 Without Mountain Cliff City Lord here, they lacked confidence.


 “Master, don’t worry, I am here!” Zhan Bu Du shouted loudly, his innocent face was filled with fighting spirit, this made everyone chuckle.


 “The future belongs to you, my disciple.” Mountain Cliff City Lord patted the shoulder of Fang Yuan’s clone as he turned to leave.


 Fang Yuan watched the old man leave as he thought: “The main body attacked and set a formation in the tributary of the River of Time. After Mountain Cliff City Lord arrives, he will be trapped within the formation, awaiting my rescue. The stage has been set, all it needs is a protagonist, me.”


 Time passed rapidly, months went by in an instant.


 Year beasts continued to spread out, but Fang Yuan’s main body controlled the source, he prevented this calamity from spreading to the core area of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 As the sole super force in the grotto-heaven, the Combat Beast Guild started to deploy young Gu Masters.


 Zhan Bu Du was among them.


 He was brought to a valley with a group of similarly aged Gu Masters.


 This was an entrance that the qilin heavenly spirit had secretly created, it could allow one to enter or leave the tributary of the River of Time.


 The guild master was the current generation Combat Beast King, he was a thin old man, speaking to these youngsters about the situation personally: “...We found out from our investigation that the golden fog in this river has many peculiar traits. The younger and stronger an individual is, the easier they can enter or leave. Right now, most of the Combat Beast Warriors are trapped inside the golden fog, you need to save them and bring them out.”


 This was naturally the arrangement of Fang Yuan, his purpose was to ensure that his clone would be chosen for this mission.


 Zhan Bu Du had already reached rank two, his cultivation level was outstanding. Furthermore, he had the future desolate beast, arrowtail eagle!


 Along with Zhan Bu Du’s own determination and desire to save his master, he wanted to go even if his life would be sacrificed.


 His incredible acting made everyone believe it was the truth, he gained huge prestige.


 “We will be relying on all of you, even though you are all young, the world is in great danger, we need your strength to deal with this crisis. You will be the saviors of the world!” The Combat Beast King proclaimed as he stirred the fighting spirits and enthusiasm of the youngsters.


 Zhan Bu Du rolled his eyes in his head but he had the most enthusiastic performance, he was overflowing with fighting spirit as he became the first to rush into the tributary of the River of Time.


 The tributary of the River of Time had spreading golden fog, Gu Masters could step inside like they were stepping on land.


 There were wild beasts in here, the strongest were mutated beasts, there were no desolate beasts. Of course, for these youngsters, they were a huge obstacle already.


 The Combat Beast Warriors who came in earlier were all suppressed, their bodies were shrouded in golden fog as they became golden statues that could not move with ease. Meanwhile, the first batch of warriors who entered the golden fog were all stiff like statues, they could not move at all.


 Zhan Bu Du went in and started killing mutated beasts, saving his comrades, he acted as a leader and was incredibly outstanding.


 As Gu Immortals got saved one by one, Zhan Bu Du became the benefactor of them all.


 “To think that I would be saved by a young Combat Beast Envoy one day.” Many Gu Immortals sighed with similar thoughts.


 “Thank you, young lad, if you face trouble in the future, come look for me in Sacred Eagle City!” This Eagle Warrior was killed by Fang Yuan in the previous life, to think that Fang Yuan’s clone would save him this time.


 “My master is Mountain Cliff City Lord, did anyone see him?” Zhan Bu Du asked whenever he saved someone, even though he knew where Mountain Cliff City Lord was kept by his main body.


 “Little Du is such a great child, he had never given up on saving his master.”


 “He is a good child that knows how to repay gratitude.”


 “I really envy Mountain Cliff City Lord, he has taken in such a good disciple!”


 “Little Du, you cannot go in anymore, this golden fog has an incredibly fast rate of time, your lifespan will be used up quickly.”


 “I am not afraid!” I need to save my master. All my achievements today are due to my master’s guidance and teaching. Even if I need to give up my life, I will save him!” Zhan Bu Du did not waste any chance to act, he spoke righteously.


 “And this is a good thing too, the faster the time, the faster I cultivate, look, after just a few days, I am already a rank three Gu Master. The stronger I become, the more people I can save, I will definitely save my master!” Zhan Bu Du shouted loudly, he made sure many people could hear him.


 “Child, I will not let you sacrifice yourself in vain, this is a lifespan Gu, it can raise your lifespan and supplement your losses.” The Combat Beast King arrived in time, he gave Zhan Bu Du a lifespan Gu.


 Zhan Bu Du pretended to be surprised and joyful, he quickly rejected: “Old grandpa, you are so old already, you should use it instead, it can make you live longer.”


 Combat Beast King was very happy, he had not chosen the wrong person after all, he told Zhan Bu Du with a joyful tone: “Good child, good child. I have more here, you need this lifespan Gu now to maintain a youthful state, otherwise you cannot get inside the golden fog.”


 “Ah, I almost forgot! No wonder I felt like it was getting harder to enter the golden fog.” Zhan Bu Du realized at once, he was quite troubled, after a ‘tough decision’, he nodded as he took the lifespan Gu and used it.


 Fang Yuan’s clone was the greatest contributor in this situation, most of the Combat Beast Warriors were saved by him, the Combat Beast King definitely wanted to ensure his safety.


 Naturally, he did not know that this was all Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 Fang Yuan’s clone had a great excuse to gain a huge boost in strength, soon, he rose to rank five cultivation level under everyone’s view!



***
Chapter 1855 - Comprehending Qi Wall


***





 



 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, tributary of the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan’s clone Zhan Bu Du went into the golden fog time and time again, saving the Gu Immortals who were trapped inside.


 Each time, he had to undergo tough battles, he had to face many fierce beasts, he was covered in injuries as a result of his hard work. The youngsters who came with him slowly accepted his leadership, because the battle results showed that Zhan Bu Du’s decision making was very wise.


 “There are three beast groups this time from the southeast, north, and southwest, they are encircling you.” Fang Yuan’s main body transmitted.


 “Oh okay. I will lead them to break out then. Also, get rid of the white robed youngster beside me.” Fang Yuan’s clone Zhan Bu Du responded.


 “Sure.” Fang Yuan’s main body stood at the densest part of the golden fog, he was lying down casually, with a relaxed expression.


 He willed as the year beast army charged out, towards the group that his clone was in.


 Most of his attention was placed on Primordial Origin’s true inheritance.


 During the battle in Eastern Sea over Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan not only obtained Dragon Palace, he also obtained a Primordial Origin true inheritance after deceiving Duke Long!


 This Primordial Origin true inheritance segment only contained the first half, but even so, Fang Yuan praised it with deep admiration.


 From just this half of the true inheritance, he understood the style of the Remote Antiquity Era, qi path had been grand and incredibly powerful. He also learned about the talent of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, he was truly extraordinary, as expected of a venerable, he could not be looked at using common sense.


 “The content of this true inheritance is still very applicable even in today’s context.”


 “Of course, after so many years, qi path has developed a lot of new styles. The unlimited qi sea killer move that I possess is the greatest proof.”


 This part of Primordial Origin’s qi path true inheritance mainly talked about the killer move qi wall.


 Initially, Duke Long did not want to hand it over, but Fang Yuan had a firm attitude, qi wall was the signature method of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it was renowned in history, almost everyone knew about it.


 Duke Long wanted a truce with Qi Sea Ancestor, seeing Fang Yuan’s firm attitude, he gritted his teeth and handed it over.


 “Using this qi wall killer move, I will gain a deeper understanding of Heavenly Court’s qi wall, I will try to be able to break it!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court’s qi wall was a huge problem to Longevity Heaven.


 If Fang Yuan could unravel this move, it would be a huge blow to Heavenly Court.


 But evidently, this would be a tough mission, after all, it was Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s arrangement. The only good thing was that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable created this qi wall killer move back then, it had lasted until today, it was outdated already.


 This was likely Fang Yuan’s chance of unraveling it.


 Of course, it would not be surprising if he failed.


 It was still the same logic, there were no invincible Immortal Gu, only invincible Gu Immortals. There was no perfect or invincible killer move, every killer move could be unraveled and broken, but the same killer move would have vastly different effects in the hands of different Gu Immortals.


 It was a huge uncertainty whether Fang Yuan could unravel the qi wall killer move that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had personally used.


 Or maybe Duke Long noticed this himself, that was why he gave details of the killer move, qi wall, to Fang Yuan without much concern.


 “At the same time, this half of the true inheritance is a huge bait to lure me into joining Heavenly Court.” Fang Yuan sneered.


 If there was really a Qi Sea Ancestor who lived in seclusion in Eastern Sea, upon seeing this temptation, he might not be able to control himself.


 As a rank eight secluded cultivator for so long, Qi Sea Ancestor naturally had no interest in political authority. At the same time, he cultivated qi path, it had been declining for so long, Heavenly Court solely held the most valuable qi path true inheritance in the world.


 But the truth was that Qi Sea Ancestor was only one of Fang Yuan’s disguises. If Duke Long knew that he was helping his enemy now, who knew how he would feel.


 “The timing is about right.” Fang Yuan researched this qi path true inheritance as he left some attention on the Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 After this bit of time, he had already worked with Zhan Bu Du to perform another show for everyone.


 Several of the youngsters around Zhan Bu Du were sacrificed and died in battle. These people were an obstacle to him, Fang Yuan had gotten rid of them in advance for his future plans.


 Zhan Bu Du saved a Gu Immortal and returned again.


 There were only two Combat Beast Warriors left in the golden fog, one of them was Mountain Cliff City Lord.


 After Zhan Bu Du saves Mountain Cliff City Lord, Fang Yuan would recall his Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 Things had to be done in sequence, Fang Yuan had already reached his current goal in nurturing the clone.


 Other than an increase in cultivation level, Zhan Bu Du also grew his network a lot, having relationships with many experts. After this battle, almost all of the Gu Immortals in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven were indebted to him.


 This was not just an ordinary favor they owed him, it was the favor of saving their lives!


 In the outside world, Gu Immortals might not want to repay such favors. but here, any Combat Beast Warrior would be filled with deep positive emotions, all of them were people who would follow the rule that a droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring.


 Zhan Bu Du would not lack resources henceforth, his future was bright. But he would not act like these people owed him, he would be even more polite and courteous, he would not mind small losses and would perfectly display his exemplary personality and graciousness.


 Fang Yuan could originally kill them all, but these Combat Beast Warriors were all spared.


 In the previous life, he attacked Beast Calamity grotto-heaven openly and killed many Combat Beast Warriors. This time around, he changed his plan, he wanted to annex it using another plan, he wanted to preserve Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s value to the highest level.


 “The Gu Immortals in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven should all be taken in as my subordinates, this will greatly increase the strength of my forces.”


 “During the period of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, if I send them to battle, there should be effective results.”


 “Of course, their fighting style is too simple, they can catch an enemy off guard but once their methods are seen through, these Gu Immortals would suffer huge losses.”


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s Gu Masters took a shortcut, because strength was obtained too easily, they did not have many methods, this was not the traditional Gu cultivation.


 Like how Fang Yuan assembled a simple Twelve Zodiac battle formation and toyed around with all of the Gu Immortals in this Beast Calamity grotto-heaven. Even the Combat Beast King could not tell the truth, he thought it was the golden fog causing problem, he did not even discover the hidden Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 With just this difference in cultivation method, Fang Yuan could easily suppress them completely.


 Like in the previous life when Fang Yuan killed Eagle Warrior, he turned into the Bull-headed Demon God and slaughtered countless people. These Combat Beast Warriors and Combat Beast King had thought Fang Yuan was a beast calamity, he had many powerful combat techniques. They did not think that he had Gu worms or killer moves, they simply lacked knowledge.


 Days later, Fang Yuan retracted the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, the golden fog that shrouded the tributary of the River of Time vanished.


 To prevent the enemy from feeling suspicious, Fang Yuan left a large batch of year beasts behind, making it look like the golden fog’s final struggle.


 After a tough battle, the Combat Beast Guild gained victory, everyone cheered and celebrated.


 The Gu Immortals were all saved, they began to move around, killing or capturing the powerful year beasts that were scattered all over Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 The golden fog vanished, but Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was still affected by Fang Yuan’s killer move, time was moving very quickly.


 Zhan Bu Du became the hero and recipient of every Gu Immortal’s gratitude.


 The Combat Beast King even rewarded him on the spoke, he shouted: “Oh Little Du, you are truly our little savior. You saved everyone, you saved the entire world indirectly!”


 Zhan Bu Du quickly waved his hand as he expressed his thanks, he was very polite.


 From this moment on, the title of little savior became the symbol of Zhan Bu Du.


 Next, he would wait for the next ‘fortuitous encounter’ to become a Gu Immortal. After that, he would accept the test openly and become the inheritor of Beast Calamity Immortal’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan’s main body left the tributary of the River of Time, he used heaven form to inspect Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 As Fang Yuan’s clone, Li Xiao Bai did not have as much progress as Zhan Bu Du, but his life was still quite good.


 Ever since the previous poet recital, Li Xiao Bai became the focus of Teacher Jiang’s teaching, he gave him many private tuition sessions that were held in secret.


 Li Xiao Bai gradually displayed great talent and aptitude to Teacher Jiang’s surprise, he started to teach him more wholeheartedly.


 “At this rate, I am still far from getting close to Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s higher-ups.”


 “It is a pity.”


 “Profound Literature grotto-heaven is different from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, the latter is shut and isolated, while the former has a rank eight Gu Immortal, this is also an information path grotto-heaven, it most excels in collecting information. There isn’t much that I can do.”


 “At least, I cannot use the tributary of the River of Time, if I use the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, it would be seen through easily.”


 Fang Yuan decided to wait for Li Xiao Bai to develop slowly.


 He could use the tributary of the River of Time to lead his beast army into Profound Literature grotto-heaven. But that way, he would need to fight against a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan had no fear of course, but it would be hard to win quickly. For Profound Literature grotto-heaven, the losses would also be great when battle ensued.


 Fang Yuan did not want to see this happen.


 If attacking forcefully worked, he would have done it long ago.


 He could not annex Profound Literature grotto-heaven itself, but the information path inheritance and all of the resources inside were things that Fang Yuan wanted.


 Fang Yuan had five clones now.


 The time path clone was the earliest clone, its purpose was to make use of the light of wisdom, it was still a rank six.


 The dragonman clone had the highest cultivation level at rank seven, it controlled Dragon Palace and was the strongest among them. He was currently engaging with Gu tribe, he had some surprising gains.


 After getting help from Fang Yuan, Zhan Bu Du developed rapidly. Li Xiao Bai needed to rely on his own hard work, it was not time to make any move yet.


 As for Fang Yuan’s fake identities, he had even more of them.


 On this day, Fang clan contacted Fang Yuan.


 Or more precisely, they were not looking for Gu Yue Fang Yuan, but his disguised identity — Suan Bu Jin.


 “Elder Suan Bu Jin, we need your help, assist second supreme elder to try to refine Divine Bean Palace as soon as possible!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he joined Fang clan not just to develop green ghost desert, his other goal was to try to get Divine Bean Palace.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it had great power, Fang Yuan had seen its power himself.


 “I also have karma divine tree with me, this is the crucial trump card in getting this palace.”



***
Chapter 1856 - Am I, Suan Bu Jin, Such a Person?


***





 



 Fang clan headquarters.


 An Immortal Gu House that was made of green bricks and golden tiles, it was lofty like a mountain, liveliness mixed in its solemnity, and emitted dense fragrance of plants and trees.


 The wide and enormous palace hall could be seen through the open door. There were dozens of large pillars in the hall, they were thick and sturdy, glittering with bronze radiance.


 Carved on the plaque of the palace door were three large words — Divine Bean Palace!


 And around Divine Bean Palace was a crescent shaped wisdom path Gu formation that surrounded half of Divine Bean Palace.


 This wisdom path Gu formation flickered with light blue radiance that shone upon Divine Bean Palace. The blue light was like water that tried its best to seep into Divine Bean Palace but did not attain much effect.


 After continuing for a while, the wisdom path Gu formation stopped and two Gu Immortals came out from inside.


 One wore a yellow robe, he was bearded and had an ordinary appearance, he was like a mortal. Right now, his face was pale with sweat covering his forehead, he was Fang clan’s second supreme elder, Fang Di Chang.


 The other person was wearing a black robe, he was a skinny middle-aged man with long grey hair and appeared to be proud and arrogant, he was Fang Yuan’s disguise, Suan Bu Jin.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “This Divine Bean Palace is truly amazing, it feels like a living creature even without anyone controlling it. It is like a gigantic tree while we are like two worms using all our efforts to infiltrate it, but we can barely make a dent in Divine Bean Palace.”


 “Indeed.” Fang Di Chang nodded: “Even worse is that we destroyed some of this giant tree’s branches but they will regrow not long later.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed: “This is indeed Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s style. According to historical records, he was the venerable with the most abundant immortal essence and the highest recovery ability, which is the essence of wood path. Second supreme elder, we are wisdom path Gu Immortals, it will be very difficult for us to refine this wood path Immortal Gu House! How about we invite one or two wood path great experts to cooperate with us, there will definitely be great results.”


 Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly: “Brother, do you think I did not try it? Unfortunately, wood path is rare in Western Desert, moreover, news of my clan obtaining Divine Bean Palace has already been exposed, the other super clans are jointly obstructing us in this aspect.”


 “Naturally, there is also a force who took the initiative to send wood path Gu Immortals, brother, can you guess which force it is?” Fang Di Chang asked.


 Fang Yuan’s thought moved and replied immediately: “It should be Heavenly Court, right?”


 “You are right, it is Heavenly Court! Duke Long said he would send wood path Gu Immortals to retrieve Divine Bean Palace, he guaranteed all our past conflicts will be written off and also promised countless resources.” Fang Di Chang smiled coldly.


 After the Eastern Sea battle, Fang Yuan had an even deeper understanding about Duke Long, so he was not surprised to hear Duke Long willing to compromise.


 He said: “Heavenly Court is indulging in wishful thinking, they want to use the current situation of Western Desert to make our Fang clan give in. No matter how many resources they give, how could it compare to the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace? As long as we can use this Gu House, we can simply loot resources.”


 “Hahaha.” With a loud laughter, a Gu Immortal walked towards Fang Yuan and Fang Di Chang.


 “Brother Suan Bu Jin, you are truly correct.” This Gu Immortal was an old man, he was tall and sturdy, with long white hair and beard spreading around his head like a lion’s mane, he was Fang clan’s first supreme elder, Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder and said passionately: “Brother, it was hard on you; the moment you arrived, you had to start making deductions in the formation before even getting to rest. I have already arranged a banquet to welcome you.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Thank you for the concern, first supreme elder. Deciphering Divine Bean Palace has stimulated my excitement and morale. Moreover, I am Fang clan’s external supreme elder as well, helping Fang clan is helping myself, isn’t that so?”


 His mind, however, was clear: “Fang clan is facing too much pressure so they finally asked for my help to refine Divine Bean Palace as quickly as possible, Fang clan’s enthusiastic attitude towards me is not strange at all. Looks like I can use this chance to extort them and get some benefits.”


 No doubt about it, Fang Yuan was wicked and calculating!


 Not only was he conspiring to seize Divine Bean Palace, he was even going to squeeze benefits out of Fang clan in the process.


 Fang clan was quite unlucky to have recruited him. In the previous life, without Fang Yuan’s interference, Fang clan’s situation had been good. They resolved their predicament with their own strength, though they did not seem to have refined Divine Bean Palace even by the time of the Refinement Path Convention.


 The banquet was dignified, Fang clan truly wanted to get Suan Bu Jin’s help. Fang clan’s higher ups had a warm attitude and the rank eight Fang Gong was even more amiable.


 Fang Yuan promised on the spot to use all his strength to help.


 Both the hosts and guest were happy.


 Were Fang clan to know that this Gu Immortal that they were passionately entertaining was the mastermind behind their problems, they might want to directly skin Fang Yuan alive and pull out his tendons!


 In the coming days, Fang Yuan followed Fang Di Chang and assisted him in refining Divine Bean Palace through the wisdom path formation.


 Divine Bean Palace had never-ending vitality, it could restore itself and also repel the infiltration. If the progress of infiltration was ten today, it would be reduced to three or four tomorrow.


 Every time Fang Yuan and Fang Di Chang deduced, they would only stop when their minds were heated and used to the limit.


 “Although I haven’t used all my strength, I am displaying the standard of a first rate rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal.”


 “Even with such help, Fang Di Chang’s progress is slow. There is no need to think about what kind of progress he had without my help.”


 Fang Yuan understood the situation, feeling a trace of pity towards Fang Di Chang but also a trace of joy.


 It was because Fang Di Chang used all his strength every time to refine Divine Bean Palace and had no spare energy left that Fang Yuan’s scheme against Fang clan could succeed.


 If they were to really contest, Fang Di Chang was a wisdom path great grandmaster, a level higher than Fang Yuan.


 Both exhausted their strength every time, Fang Yuan was concealing a portion of his strength but he also slowly began to feel tired.


 Fang Di Chang was even more so because he was using his full effort


 With such a desperate and stubborn spirit, although the refinement of Divine Bean Palace was still very difficult, the progress had accumulated quite a bit.


 “Fang clan has wisdom path and formation path attainment, they want to use this to forcibly take over Divine Bean Palace.”


 “This is a true forceful refinement!”


 “There is naturally hope of success. But the price they have to pay is enormous, just the immortal essence alone will amount to a huge sum.”


 “This might be a lot easier if they get help of wood path and refinement path. Naturally, if I use all my strength without hiding my attainment, that would be another outcome.”


 But Fang Yuan would not do this.


 Sensing the time was right, he stopped on a certain day and did not appear in time.


 Fang Di Chang quickly inquired: “Brother, are you injured? Is it serious? I have already made appropriate arrangements for the treatment.”


 Fang Yuan coughed: “Thank you brother for the concern, I am injured indeed but it is not serious, I can deal with it myself. It is just that... my immortal essence reserves suffered a huge loss. My mind is also tired, the amount of work is too much and too heavy. Who knows when we will be able to completely refine Divine Bean Palace. I feel like I won’t be able to persevere on.”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes opened slightly wide.


 Suan Bu Jin wanted to quit the task!


 What should they do now?


 They had made some progress with much difficulty, if they did not persist in it every day, this progress would be lost rapidly.


 Thinking of Fang clan’s situation as well, Fang Di Chang was anxious.


 “Brother!” Fang Di Chang smiled: “Our Fang clan won’t mistreat you, you can rest assured.”


 Fang Yuan said earnestly, “Brother, please don’t think I am intentionally trying to quit! I am not that kind of person! I believe in Fang clan and joining Fang clan is the best proof of it. At the same time, our collaboration had begun long ago, back then when we fought for Divine Bean Palace, we struck an agreement. I have never forgotten this agreement.”


 Fang Yuan spoke earnestly, and as a wisdom path great grandmaster, Fang Di Chang immediately understood the underlying meaning.


 He laughed: “Brother, I understand, hahaha. We also have not forgotten about the agreement back then. You helped our Fang clan to fight for Divine Bean Palace, and according to the agreement, our Fang clan needs to give an Immortal Gu, but it has been delayed until now, this is my Fang clan’s mistake! I apologize for this. Tell me which Immortal Gu you need, I will immediately arrange someone to send it over.”


 “Sigh! I don’t mean that, I don’t mean that. Second supreme elder, I really didn’t mean this, you misunderstood me.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Misunderstood? I misunderstood you?!” Fang Di Chang mentally snorted.


 He had already seen through Suan Bu Jin, this was an ambitious person who would not act without benefits!


 Back then, when they fought for Divine Bean Palace, he had used the chance to make an offer and took away great thief Immortal Gu.


 He was playing the same trick again!


 Fang Di Chang really wanted to slap this greedy Fang Yuan, but he forcibly restrained himself.


 There was nothing he could do about this, he needed Suan Bu Jin’s help! There was indeed good progress with Suan Bu Jin helping him.


 Thereupon, Fang Di Chang strongly insisted on giving Fang Yuan an Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan kept on rejecting him firmly.


 Fang Di Chang felt a bad premonition, Suan Bu Jin definitely had a bigger scheme. After a few rounds of back and forth, Fang Di Chang said directly: “Brother, just speak your thoughts.”


 Fang Yuan said righteously: “Brother, please don’t look down on me, I am also a member of Fang clan, how could I add to Fang clan’s troubles by extorting it in this current situation? Am I, Suan Bu Jin, such a person? I felt that the previous Immortal Gu reward was too big so I am willing to take a step back, I do not need the reward to be an Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Di Chang felt even more uneasy as he heard Fang Yuan continue: “If you truly want me to speak, then I will be open with you. Brother, we are on the same side, hehe, I also can’t hide anything from you. To tell the truth, I have some interest towards Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s theft path true inheritance. I don’t need any theft path Immortal Gu and only want to take a look at the contents of the true inheritance. Naturally, brother, if you think this is too much, then forget it.”


 Even Fang Di Chang, a wisdom path great grandmaster who had an excellent bearing normally, had a change in his expression as he glared at Fang Yuan and cursed in his head: “So your target was my clan’s Thieving Heaven true inheritance all along! Such huge guts!”



***
Chapter 1857 - Comprehending Thieving Heaven’s True Inheritance


***





 



 Boom!


 Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong slammed the table and stood up from his chair with flames of fury burning in his eyes: “This Suan Bu Jin is really greedy! He actually dared to demand my clan’s theft path true inheritance, who does he think he is? He is only a lone cultivator with rank seven cultivation, he dares to blackmail my Fang clan! He deserves to die! We should kill him!”


 Fang Gong was filled with endless fury when he listened to Fang Di Chang’s report.


 Fang Di Chang had already calmed down: “Suan Bu Jin has some skills indeed. Our decision to recruit Suan Bu Jin was to deal with the situation back then. Suan Bu Jin is a wisdom path Gu Immortal and is extremely shrewd, he chose this timing to ask for the theft path true inheritance when we cannot refuse him easily.”


 “What? Are you really thinking of giving the theft path true inheritance to him? That is Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance!” Fang Gong’s eyes were wide open.


 Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly: “If we don’t give it to him, he won’t work, what can we do to him? Yes, he is currently in our clan headquarters and we might be able to get rid of him if we attack together. But what about after killing him? Without his help, it is extremely difficult for me to refine Divine Bean Palace and it will take way too long. But in the current situation, Fang clan is facing pressure from everywhere, even rank eight Gu Immortals made a move not long ago!”


 This was the task that Fang Yuan sent two dragon generals to do, but their actions were clean and their traces were erased, Fang Di Chang’s energy and attention was mostly focused on Divine Bean Palace so he was not able to see through this.


 Everyone in Fang clan believed that this was either the work of Western Desert’s super clans or some Western Desert demonic immortals with evil intentions, it could even be Heavenly Court.


 Fang Gong was silent, he was the first supreme elder after all, he also began to calm down.


 With Fang clan’s current state, they truly needed Suan Bu Jin’s help. Once they got control of Divine Bean Palace, they could make a comeback and change this predicament. If Fallen Flower Hall, Inquiry Dock, and Chicken Dog Coop were restored in the future, Fang clan’s overall strength would probably surpass almost all the Western Desert righteous path super forces.


 Suan Bu Jin was the key for Fang clan to pass the predicament and rise up to the top!


 “He is indeed a wisdom path Gu Immortal, requesting to quit at such a juncture, hehehe, this Suan Bu Jin has guts and has skills as well.” Fang Gong smiled coldly.


 Fang Di Chang knew Fang Gong well and realized from his tone that he had agreed.


 Naturally, when Fang clan passes this dangerous moment, Fang Gong would definitely put Suan Bu Jin in his place and vent this grievance!


 Fang Di Chang smiled: “Actually, Suan Bu Jin has a sense of propriety. He did not ask for my wisdom path inheritance and also did not covet the secrets of our clan’s Immortal Gu Houses. If he had mentioned these requests, we would be in a real dilemma.”


 Fang clan’s foundation was not theft path.


 It never was.


 Theft path was only a chance gain that Fang clan schemed from an otherworldly demon.


 Over these years, Fang clan’s usage of this Thieving Heaven true inheritance had already reached the limit.


 The theft path Immortal Gu House they used to retaliate on Dong Lu Chen was actually an incomplete product. Just this already answered many questions.


 Fang Di Chang laughed: “This Suan Bu Jin has a deep attainment in wisdom path. Moreover, I made quite a lot of progress with his help over these days. Just look at his request, he had a perfect and experienced grasp of the timing, he did not cross the bottom line while achieving the highest benefit for himself. It is not easy to accomplish this.”


 Fang Gong also laughed: “Hehehe, you really think highly of this guy, you are actually still praising him.”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes shone: “Talent is talent, how can I belittle him because of my own bias? If this kind of talent can really work for our clan, it would be an excellent thing.”


 Fang Gong squinted his eyes: “It won’t be easy to make an audacious guy like Suan Bu Jin submit and be loyal to our clan.”


 After a round of discussion, Fang clan agreed to let Fang Yuan browse the Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan obtained the contents of the true inheritance.


 It was indeed a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, the essence of it was the killer move steal dao.


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was able to create theft path because of this killer move.


 This killer move obviously had huge significance, it was the origin of theft path!


 Fang Yuan was in awe as he looked at it.


 In this true inheritance, the majesty of steal dao was shown completely. Because what it stole was not just lives or objects, but the natural world itself. Any dao mark in the world could be stolen by it!


 Besides this, there was something that made Fang Yuan look at it time and again while feeling lingering desire.


 This was the theft path Immortal Gu House recorded in the Thieving Heaven true inheritance — Thieves Den.


 “My theft path attainment level is great grandmaster while none of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals have such attainment. So even though Fang clan’s superiority lies in constructing Immortal Gu Houses, they have always been without options to repair Thieves Den and left it incomplete.”


 Fang Yuan only took a few glances at the relevant contents of Thieves Den and saw the efforts Fang clan’s successive generations had made — they had all tried to repair this Immortal Gu House.


 “Although there were many creative thoughts, they did not match theft path and they were at most at a superficial level.”


 “But if I were to try to repair it, it would be a different case!”


 Fang Yuan was inwardly moved.


 But asking for the contents of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance was already the limit. Fang Yuan knew: Fang clan was almost about to fall out with him but had forcibly held in the thought. Even though Fang clan outright gave the true inheritance, they had firmly engraved this matter in their minds.


 If he went a step further and demanded Thieves Den, that would be excessive and way beyond Fang clan’s bottom line, they would never agree!


 “Moreover, a wisdom path Gu Immortal like me having so much interest in theft path would be questionable.”


 “Fang Di Chang does not have any doubts because I had worked up to it properly. Previously, I used great thief ghost hand, then I used wisdom grasp to kill Wan Liang Han, these left an impression on Fang clan, thus it felt natural to them.”


 “But are these all the contents of this Thieving Heaven true inheritance?” Fang Yuan was unable to tell, at least, he was not able to see any unsatisfactory details in this true inheritance. But it was hard to say since Fang clan had the wisdom path great expert Fang Di Chang.


 “What if I make a move now and loot them directly?” Fang Yuan thought.


 It was not hard for him to deal with Fang clan with his strength. Fang Gong was strong and was a rare strength path rank eight Gu Immortal in the present age, but he was still inferior to Duke Long. There was still a gap between his and Fang Yuan’s strength.


 However, Fang Yuan was not confident in defeating him conclusively, Fang Gong had once suppressed Chen Yi and his strength was first rate even among rank eights. Also, this was Fang clan’s headquarters with multiple arrangements which Fang Yuan was not aware of.


 The biggest probability was for a huge battle to begin and the whole world to learn of it. At that time, not only would Fang Yuan’s identity be exposed, Western Desert righteous path super forces would also find the perfect reason – help Fang clan to eliminate the demon – to flock over and deal with Fang clan. Moreover, Heavenly Court would not stay idle, they were sure to send Gu Immortals if there were to be such a good opportunity.


 Fang Yuan thought for a long while before deciding to help Fang Di Chang and maintain this situation.


 This was the best plan which matched with his benefits.


 Fang Yuan browsed the Thieving Heaven true inheritance and no longer groaned about tiredness or suffering. He used ‘all his effort’ to cooperate with Fang Di Chang in forcefully refining Divine Bean Palace. At least, from Fang clan’s perspective, he was using all his strength.


 The progress was still difficult, but it accumulated every time and finally quantitative change led to qualitative change — Divine Bean Palace’s door opened, Gu Immortals could enter it.


 This was enormous progress!


 Everyone in Fang clan was excited, Fang Di Chang also laughed in joy. They all saw the rise of Fang clan!


 However, the following fact was like a basin of cold water that poured down on the feelings of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals.


 No matter how Fang Di Chang tried, there was not even a trace of progress in refining Divine Bean Palace. This formed a stark contrast to the previous situation.


 “Looks like from here on, Divine Bean Palace’s structure is different from what I previously deduced and it has underwent a complete change.”


 “We can only progress by changing the whole wisdom path formation.” Fang Di Chang said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “But how do we change this wisdom path formation? Previously, we could still probe Divine Bean Palace and gather a lot of information. Sigh, if we had a wood path great expert to help us, it would be much easier. With just us two wisdom paths, we can only make blind guesses!”


 Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly: “What else can we do other than make guesses?”


 Divine Bean Palace’s matter fell into an impasse.


 Divine Bean Palace was worthy of being Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s creation, the more Fang Di Chang and Fang Yuan researched into it, the more they felt its majesty and ingenuity.


 Fang Di Chang racked his brains and thought long and hard, but was still unable to find a good solution.


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan had many ideas but he did not mention anything.


 In this period of time, he did not have any opportunity to use karma divine tree. If he used this move, there would definitely be huge progress.


 “Sitting here in a daze trying to think of a solution is not my way of cultivating. I am going to roam around and relax my mind, maybe I will gain some inspiration in the process.” Fang Yuan made an excuse to take his leave.


 Fang Di Chang and Fang Gong tried to make him stay but could not, and thinking that they would still need Suan Bu Jin’s help later, they let Fang Yuan leave.


 Fang Yuan left Fang clan and entered green ghost desert, but it was actually to explore dream realms secretly.


 He and Chi Qu You had continued their transactions over this period of time, and by using second aperture Gu, he continued to extort Southern Border’s righteous path, asking for wood path related dream realms.


 There was no wood path great expert to help them?


 Who cares!


 Wouldn’t it be okay if I became a wood path great expert myself?


 Fang Yuan’s solution was simple and crude.


 These wood path dream realms were of no difficulty, Fang Yuan was already the number one person in the world in terms of experience in exploring dream realms. People like Duke Long could not hold a candle to Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan’s wood path attainment level had always been ordinary, he did not have much contact with it in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 But not long later, he became a wood path master.


 A few more days passed in the outside world, he became a wood path grandmaster!


 He had once again finished exploring all the dream realms he had, Fang Yuan began to research karma divine tree and Divine Bean Palace with greater confidence.


 Countless ideas immediately surfaced in his mind and most of them were feasible!


 “It seems I need to modify karma divine tree.”


 “But to modify this killer move, I need to refine a suitable wood path Immortal Gu! These wood path Immortal Gu I have are not suitable.”


 Fang Yuan was hesitant.


 It was not a problem for him to refine wood path Immortal Gu. After all, he had Lang Ya Sect!


 But if he did this, the refinement of luck path Immortal Gu would need to be halted.


 The two Eastern Sea immortals soul searched Fang Zheng and told the information to Qi Sea Ancestor, thus Fang Yuan knew Heavenly Court’s plan and also knew about Qin Ding Ling.


 Based on the refinement progress of the hairy man Gu Immortals regarding luck path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could deduce Heavenly Court was also rushing to refine luck path Immortal Gu. Although they were unable to succeed in most of the refinements, they were able to refine a small portion successfully.


 If he changed his plan now and started refining wood path Immortal Gu on a large scale, it would mean giving up on the competition of refining luck path Immortal Gu.


 But if he persisted in refining luck path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could only rely on the current karma divine tree killer move to subdue Divine Bean Palace, and this would be much more difficult.


 Fang Yuan had a vague premonition that the current chance was invaluable, if he wasted this opportunity, there would be extremely low hopes of getting Divine Bean Palace later on in the future.



***
Chapter 1858 - 1858 Omniscience and Omnipotence


***





 1858 Omniscience and Omnipotence 

 Fang Yuan placed great importance on this premonition.


 In the previous life, he had accidentally witnessed the activation of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance in the Five Regional Mountain Range but was unable to obtain it. He had a similar feeling back then and knew that he had missed an important fortuitous encounter. That lost opportunity made the future him feel deep pity as a result.


 As expected!


 In the large Central Continent battle, the five regional limit formation played a crucial role. If Fang Yuan had grasped this method, he could not only have dealt with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s unceasing formation, he could have even responded to heroes among people by using five restriction profound light qi.


 And this time, this feeling came when he was facing Divine Bean Palace.


 “But it is different from the premonition in the previous life. This happened before I made a choice, while in the previous life, it occurred after the event had happened, I felt it after I had already missed Tao Zhu’s true inheritance.”


 “Is this some kind of progress as well?”


 “If so, what was the factor that led to this progress?”


 Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 Fang Yuan was extremely interested in the premonition itself. But what he was even more interested in was what led to this premonition.


 After deducing, Fang Yuan got an answer — attainment levels!


 “My wisdom path attainment level should be the main reason. Wisdom path masters can produce intuition while wisdom path grandmasters can imitate other paths. Wisdom path Gu Immortals cultivate thought, will, and emotion, the emergence of any feeling is an omen with huge significance, it is different from other paths.”


 “Secondly is luck path. Luck path is about variables and changes. My luck path is at master, it can also produce intuition.”


 “After that is time path. In the previous life, my time path attainment was involved when I had the premonition regarding the missed opportunity of Tao Zhu’s true inheritance. In this life, my time path attainment is already at quasi-supreme grandmaster, so I can sense certain future situations even better. Because of this, I have this premonition in advance and know the importance of this choice!”


 The increase of time path attainment had changed the order of the premonition from after to before, this was a qualitative change!


 “Lastly is wood path attainment level. Because it concerns Divine Bean Palace and my wood path attainment level was ordinary before, the premonition felt vague and hazy. But when I became a wood path grandmaster, the missing element in the premonition was filled and it condensed into a concrete form.”


 Wisdom path attainment, luck path attainment, time path attainment, and wood path attainment...


 These four attainment levels supplemented and complemented each other to form a miracle-like premonition.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals could never accomplish this. From ancient times until now, there was probably no other person who cultivated every path like Fang Yuan.


 To be more accurate, in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu which created the sovereign immortal body.


 Of course, the future was uncertain.


 In the future, dream realms would emerge everywhere, Gu Immortals could obtain a rapid increase in their attainment levels of all kinds of paths through these dream realms.


 When these attainment levels were combined, who could say if they could not produce premonitions.


 Fang Yuan continued to analyze: “The foundation for premonition is wisdom path attainment. The level of time path attainment decides whether the premonition will occur before the event or after the event. Luck path attainment can make me even more sensitive towards certain changes. And the attainment level in wood path or other relevant paths affect the scope of the premonition.”


 “My premonition gave a clear sign after my wood path attainment level increased. If I were to raise my other paths sufficiently in the future, I could reach premonitions in everything. What realm will this be?”


 At that instance, two words flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind — Omniscience! Omnipotence!


 “No, omnipotence is likely impossible, but omniscience can be achieved.” Fang Yuan’s expression was pensive.


 When the attainment level of all the paths reached a certain degree, they could create premonitions about all things. This level of premonition was very close to omniscience.


 “And if the cultivation of all paths was built on a foundation like the sovereign immortal body, it should be close to omnipotence as well, right?”


 “Omniscience, omnipotence...” Fang Yuan muttered, his heart shook and his gaze turned sharp: “If I reach this level, I should definitely be able to clearly observe the path to eternal life!”


 Fang Yuan was inwardly excited.


 Although he had plenty of experiences and had reborn multiple times, the past experiences were already of not much help to him.


 There were many things that needed him to probe and speculate.


 For instance, rank nine venerable cultivation, Fang Yuan’s quantity of dao marks had already broken the limit of rank eight, and after devouring Qi Sea grotto-heaven, all the calamities and tribulations were skipped, so he should have already surpassed rank eight.


 But he did not reach rank nine.


 He needed to probe the way to become rank nine.


 Currently, he explored and learned the profundity of the various paths from this premonition and also realized the added benefit of cultivating all paths.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals might stop here, but Fang Yuan felt the hope of eternal life from this foundation!


 All the venerables in history were unable to achieve eternal life, eternity was also only a goal for Fang Yuan. He had no clue on how to achieve this goal, nor had any practical ideas.


 Today, finally, from this small premonition, he finally found the road to eternal life!


 “Although I still don’t know how to achieve eternal life, omniscience and omnipotence are the foundation. First, fate Gu has to be destroyed to make eternal life a possibility. Then, I will continue to work towards achieving omniscience and omnipotence!”


 “To achieve omniscience, I will need to explore dream realms and increase my attainment levels in every path.”


 “To achieve omnipotence, I will cultivate every path with the sovereign immortal body and grasp all kinds of methods.”


 Be it omniscience or omnipotence, just one of them could already surpass all the predecessors in history!


 Even venerables only cultivated two or three paths, and were unable to achieve omniscience. Their strength might be beyond ordinary and even Fang Yuan could not imagine such strength, but without the sovereign immortal body, omnipotence could not be achieved.


 If Fang Yuan could become omniscient and omnipotent, he would definitely surpass all the venerables. At that time, the eternal life that venerables could never achieve would become a possibility for him!


 “Wait a second, the Prophecy of Three Venerables clearly pointed that Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be the strongest venerable. Could it be because she would be able to reach the level of omniscience?”


 This was highly possible.


 Great Dream Immortal Venerable would definitely be a great expert in exploring dream realms, her attainment level in every path would be at an extremely high standard. It was not strange to achieve omniscience from this.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jolted slightly, he had a completely new and deeper understanding regarding the Prophecy of Three Venerables as well as the future!


 He currently had rank eight cultivation and his battle strength could match Duke Long’s, he was already an expert at the peak of the world. However, he was still minuscule when compared to heaven and earth, and the future. There were many, many things that he still needed to study and understand, there were still countless aspects he needed to improve on.


 Omniscience and omnipotence was an extremely distant target. Most people would be frightened to just think of it and might even feel suffocated from the hopelessness, they would have not even a trace of desire to try.


 Fang Yuan, however, was filled with bottomless fighting spirit!


 “Like this, my life will become filled with vibrance from all the struggles and all the efforts.”


 Several days later.


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Quick, quick, turn up the flames!” White haired Lang Ya land spirit urged while controlling the Long Hair refinement path formation.


 The hairy man Gu Immortal in charge of the intensity of fire immediately used all his strength to turn up the fire.


 But Lang Ya land spirit was not satisfied, still shouting: “The fire needs to be hotter, much hotter!”


 “But lord, this is already the highest temperature.” The hairy man Gu Immortal shouted.


 Lang Ya land spirit was filled with plenty of experiences, within just a moment, he thought of a solution and commanded: “Sixth Hair, activate the wind formation, we will use wind to grow the fire! Eighth Hair, use refinement path killer moves to gather the remnant wind and purify the incomplete Immortal Gu!”


 If there was wind, there would be contamination of wind path dao marks. Only by purifying it could the Immortal Gu refinement proceed smoothly.


 Lang Ya land spirit had precise control over the formation, his actions were numerous, but not disordered. The refinement path formation shook suddenly, a bright light burst out and shot towards the sky before disappearing just as quickly.


 The formation gradually stopped; a completely new wood path Immortal Gu was refined.


 “Success again!”


 “As expected of Lord Lang Ya land spirit.”


 Hairy man Gu Immortals were elated as they praised endlessly.


 Lang Ya land spirit, however, was filled with admiration: “This was due to master’s Gu recipe!”


 Fang Yuan was refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster and wood path grandmaster, the wood path Immortal Gu recipes he modified were at an extremely high level.


 Adding on Lang Ya land spirit’s peak level refinement path attainment, they produced greater results with fewer efforts, the success rate was very high.


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals agreed as well.


 “Lord land spirit is correct!”


 “The success rate of Immortal Gu has always been extremely low, it is limited by refinement path attainment and the Gu recipe. Most Gu Immortals don’t cultivate refinement path even as a secondary path, it can be well imagined what their refinement path attainment is like. And a Gu recipe’s modification not only requires the attainment level of the corresponding path, it also requires refinement path attainment and wisdom path attainment.”


 Immortal Gu refinement had always been a money trap, but it had gradually become an ordinary process to Fang Yuan.


 It was because Fang Yuan possessed wisdom path methods like the light of wisdom, and had refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, along with his other paths’ attainment levels being quite high as well.


 Therefore, the several obstacles of Immortal Gu refinement became nonexistent to Fang Yuan.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow was very fast, within a few days, Fang Yuan obtained several wood path Immortal Gu.


 He chose to refine wood path Immortal Gu in the end.


 Actually, there were a lot of wood path Gu Immortals in Southern Border as well as many wood path Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan did not demand these Immortal Gu.


 Southern Border’s righteous path was starting to construct Beacon Towers on a large scale and gradually beginning to unite. They also cooperated with Heavenly Court to suppress Fang Yuan’s businesses in treasure yellow heaven.


 This situation had occurred in the previous life as well, this signified Wu Yong was starting to exert force to unite the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path.


 Were Fang Yuan to extort wood path Immortal Gu from Southern Border’s righteous path, Heavenly Court would definitely learn of it.


 Fairy Zi Wei would start having suspicions: “Fang Yuan is gathering wood path immortal materials, does he want to progress in wood path? He wants to refine wood path Immortal Gu? What is he trying to do?”


 Heavenly Court was paying special attention to Fang clan because of Divine Bean Palace.


 It was quite easy to connect the two.



***
Chapter 1859 - 1859 Suan Bu Jin, Please Rest In Peace


***





 1859 Suan Bu Jin, Please Rest In Peace  

 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert and also had Star Constellation Chessboard, she was very likely to deduce Fang Yuan’s traces around Fang clan, and from there, interfere and destroy his plan.


 Beforehand was a similar situation as well.


 Fang Yuan cultivated qi path and required qi path immortal materials, but he did not extort them from Southern Border’s righteous path.


 But in Eastern Sea, Duke Long immediately pointed out a relation between Qi Sea Ancestor and Fang Yuan, which had surprised Fang Yuan.


 Were Fang Yuan to have extorted qi path immortal materials from Southern Border’s righteous path, during the battle for Dragon Palace in Eastern Sea, Duke Long might have seen through Fang Yuan’s facade at first glance.


 He had precariously succeeded in deceiving Duke Long, he was just a step away from being exposed.


 Many times, people needed to look at the long term instead of coveting cheap benefits. Had Fang Yuan coveted cheap benefits before and extorted qi path immortal materials from Southern Border’s righteous path, Heavenly Court might have seen through Qi Sea Ancestor’s true identity.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan would not have obtained a portion of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi path true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had a cautious nature.


 The risks he took – besides the times where he had no alternative – were mostly taken after careful planning.


 He had struggled for hundreds of years, walked on countless roads, experienced many life and death situations, and moved in the gaps between the fights of venerables and heaven’s will to finally reach his current stage.


 Hardships and setbacks were the wealth of human life. With such mental fortitude, Fang Yuan would not be arrogant and lose his way.


 Stability, he demanded stability in everything!


 During the battle in Eastern Sea over Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan obtained information about Fang Zheng and knew that the latter had disturbed him twice, and also learned of Qin Ding Ling’s existence.


 Qin Ding Ling was a person of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s era, a Central Continent immortal who cultivated metal path but changed to luck path later, and had hibernated for three hundred thousand years.


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, Qin Ding Ling’s luck path attainment level was at least great grandmaster, and quasi-supreme grandmaster was not impossible as well.


 With such a luck path attainment level, if she were able to refine just two or three luck path Immortal Gu, she could create and modify killer moves and have comprehensive luck path methods.


 Under this situation, there was not a big significance in rushing to refine luck path Immortal Gu.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had prioritized investing in luck path because Heavenly Court’s foundation in luck path was shallow, Fang Yuan could gain ten times the return of his investment.


 But now, the prospect of his investment fell.


 It was like earlier, when Fang Yuan obtained Shadow Sect’s true inheritance but did not choose to focus heavily on soul path. Spectral Soul was captured by Heavenly Court so that soul path true inheritance did not have much value. His soul path strength could very likely be deciphered and countered by Heavenly Court!


 Because of these several aspects, Fang Yuan chose to stop luck path Gu refinement for the moment and change to wood path.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace was something that could increase Fang Yuan’s strength by a huge margin!


 Heavenly Court had always been Fang Yuan’s greatest obstacle.


 Stopping Heavenly Court from restoring fate Gu was not a matter of just one battle, it involved a struggle of information, disguise, deceit, Gu refinement, resources, and many other aspects.


 Only after estimating the trump cards of the enemy could he find flaws and deal with them appropriately.


 So, information was an extremely important aspect. In history, many famous wars looked like they were won easily, but who knew the intensity of the hidden struggles, the preparations made, and how many times they racked their brains from planning!


 Pushing forward brainlessly would only lead to death, stupid people could not go far.


 Since there was an enormous change in the investment to productivity ratio, Fang Yuan chose to halt the investment to stop his loss.


 After careful consideration, Fang Yuan hesitated no more and chose this plan resolutely.


 Time passed, it was a scene of tranquility in the outside world of the five regions, with turbulence surging in secret. The time flow in the sovereign immortal aperture was much faster and changes could be seen every day.


 The whole sovereign immortal aperture had developed a step further.


 The one million qi path dao marks from annexing Qi Sea grotto-heaven had already influenced every part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The current mini nine heavens were filled with large amount of mist. These mists were of all kinds of colors; mini yellow heaven had yellow mist, mini white heaven had white mist...


 A portion of these mists condensed and formed clouds.


 Fang Yuan had originally planned to bring in clouds, but at present, it had already progressed very well through just the sovereign immortal aperture’s natural development, saving a lot of Fang Yuan’s resources.


 “Dao marks are the true foundation of the immortal aperture’s growth.”


 “With these one million dao marks, the immortal aperture can produce all kinds of favorable changes just by developing naturally.”


 “Naturally, there are also risks. In this process, I have to pay attention at all times and make timely adjustments to prevent these changes from endangering the previous ecology.”


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was too spacious, the influence of one million qi path dao marks was spread over all parts, and could be borne by the sovereign immortal aperture itself.


 In the mini five regions, qi flows appeared in many areas. There were mists around some famous and special mountain ranges in Mini Southern Border. Frost and icy air had started to cover the atmosphere of Mini Northern Plains. Hot air started to rise in Mini Western Desert, while qi vortexes appeared in many areas of Central Continent.


 The truly enormous increase was in the basic two qi— heaven qi and earth qi!


 Fang Yuan could clearly observe that a remarkable amount of earth qi had accumulated in the vast underground depths of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 There was an endless amount of heaven qi spread in the sky, but it was not as obvious as the concentrated earth qi.


 As heaven qi continues to increase, there would be even more mists and clouds in the mini nine heavens and a faint qi wall would form in between the mini nine heavens. As this qi wall develops, it would finally become the heavenly wind qi wall.


 Earth qi, however, had two directions for growth.


 One was that Fang Yuan could ignore it and let it condense into one lump. This lump of earth qi would continue piling up and form some underground caves. Anything that entered these earth qi filled caves would be corroded by the earth qi and turn into stone statues. If this kind of earth qi became too dense, it could form earth qi sandstorms, which would have a vicious effect towards the surroundings. However, a large amount of earth path immortal materials would be produced during earth qi sandstorms.


 The second direction was that Fang Yuan could meticulously divert this giant lump of earth qi, digging out tunnels around the earth qi to let it flow and spread to all directions.


 There would not be earth qi sandstorms if the earth qi were to be distributed to various parts of the immortal aperture. This could make the soil of the mini five regions even more fertile and increase the productivity of plants, ores, and other resources. And those long and narrow tunnels that moved the earth qi would widen gradually as they get eroded by earth qi, these tunnels would be filled with earth path dao marks and finally become Earth Trenches.


 These two development directions had their advantages and disadvantages.


 Fang Yuan did not even have to consider, he chose the second path.


 He did not lack earth path immortal materials. Digging tunnels and creating earth trench veins would elevate the whole sovereign immortal aperture comprehensively! It would greatly expand the development prospects!


 Fang Yuan entrusted all the development of the sovereign immortal aperture to his subordinates. These Gu Immortals worked hard and would never idle.


 As for Fang Yuan’s main body, he was working hard on cultivating karma divine tree.


 Previously, Fang Yuan could barely activate the killer move karma divine tree by using rank seven mature bamboo Immortal Gu as the core and other rank six wood path Immortal Gu as supplementary. He lacked the core rule path Immortal Gu ‘Cause’, and the core wood path Immortal Gu ‘Effect’, Fang Yuan had to use a vast number of mortal Gu as replacement. Back then, because he lacked wood path Immortal Gu and wood path attainment level, Fang Yuan did not overly invest into it.


 Because of this, the steps became complex, he had to spend a lot of effort on it, karma divine tree took longer to activate and it could not be used in actual battle. Not only this, the karma divine tree that used rank seven core Immortal Gu instead had its might reduced to rank six level.


 After this period of improvement, although karma divine tree’s two main core Immortal Gu – Cause and Effect – were still lacking, mature bamboo Immortal Gu was replaced by much more suitable wood path Immortal Gu.


 At the same time, because of the increase in Fang Yuan’s wood path attainment level, the killer move karma divine tree had obtained a huge improvement as well. At present, this move’s preparation time had shrunk greatly and could be used in real battles. Its might had already advanced to rank seven level.


 “This move is clearly lacking in dealing with rank eight Gu Immortals. At most, I can use it to bully rank sevens, its most important use is still to subdue Divine Bean Palace!”


 “As for the killer move karma relocation, I am still unable to restore it for the moment.”


 With karma divine tree, Fang Yuan was itching to have a go. As long as he used karma divine tree, there would be a huge breakthrough and progress regarding Divine Bean Palace.


 However, Divine Bean Palace was in Fang clan’s headquarters. Fang Yuan had only been assisting Fang Di Chang before and had no good opportunity to make a move, even though he was in contact with Divine Bean Palace all the time.


 How would he create this opportunity?


 Before Fang Yuan resolved this issue, Fang Di Chang requested him to return to Fang clan once again.


 In fact, during this period of time when Fang Yuan was cultivating wood path, Fang clan had already urged him to return again and again.


 But this time, Fang Di Chang personally sent a letter unlike the previous few times. In the letter, Fang Di Chang clearly informed Fang Yuan: He had already found a way to refine Divine Bean Palace. As long as they went by this method, they could definitely refine Divine Bean Palace and grasp this Immortal Gu House!


 This made Fang Yuan develop an intense curiosity, Fang Di Chang had also obtained a breakthrough?


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan disguised as Suan Bu Jin once again and returned to Fang clan.


 “This is my plan, Brother Suan Bu Jin, what do you think?” Fang Di Chang explained his plan to Fang Yuan and asked.


 Fang Yuan went into thinking.


 Fang Di Chang was indeed a wisdom path great grandmaster, he really thought of a feasible way. That was to use a house to break the house!


 Fang Di Chang’s concrete plan was to build a temporary Immortal Gu House inside Divine Bean Palace. This Immortal Gu House would first deduce and probe before self-detonating, the powerful explosion would instantly break Divine Bean Palace’s internal defense.


 Fang clan was not like Fang Yuan, they could not achieve a breakthrough in wood path in such a short period of time and obtain a wood path grandmaster. But Fang Di Chang fully displayed Fang clan’s specialty to deal with Divine Bean Palace.


 “But such a forceful move might result in a damaged Divine Bean Palace.” Fang Yuan said.


 Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly: “Nothing can be done about it, Fang clan’s situation is worsening day by day. But, as long as we refine Divine Bean Palace and keep its damaged state as a secret, who would be able to tell clearly?”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “First, although it is difficult to construct an Immortal Gu House inside Divine Bean Palace, it should be possible with our Fang clan’s foundation. But what about after that? To probe Divine Bean Palace’s deeper operation mechanics, there needs to be a Gu Immortal to control the Immortal Gu House to resist Divine Bean Palace at all times and activate the Immortal Gu House according to the changes in Divine Bean Palace. And, on this basis, under the premise that the Gu Immortal has to keep the Immortal Gu House activated at all times, the Immortal Gu House has to detonate to destroy a portion of Divine Bean Palace and make it have no defensive strength.”


 “But if so, isn’t the Gu Immortal inside the Immortal Gu House in great danger?” Fang Yuan fixed his gaze onto Fang Di Chang.


 The candidate for maneuvering the Immortal Gu House was no doubt a wisdom path Gu Immortal. It was between Fang Yuan or Fang Di Chang.


 Who to send?


 Fang Yuan understood immediately why Fang clan insisted on him returning this time.


 But he would never do such a dangerous thing!


 Fang Di Chang knew Fang Yuan’s thoughts as he smiled: “Don’t worry brother, we won’t make you control the Immortal Gu House alone, we will be doing it together. After this task is finished, Fang clan will make sure to repay your contributions.”


 “I can agree, but, I need to take part in the whole process of the Immortal Gu House construction.”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes flashed with a sharp light, he hesitated for a bit before nodding: “It can be done! Come, let’s start the work right away.”


 Constructing an Immortal Gu House inside the palace was not easy, it was much more difficult than setting up a formation within a formation. Many times, the constructed Immortal Gu House inexplicably broke apart.


 Fang clan’s losses were a lot, but fortunately, their foundation in this aspect was truly deep.


 Together with Fang Yuan using his actual ability to provide several logical concepts occasionally, the Immortal Gu House was constructed successfully.


 Fang Di Chang and Fang Yuan entered the Immortal Gu House that looked like a tent with a circular top, they began to probe the inner mechanics and profundities of Divine Bean Palace.


 Their progress was indeed huge with this Immortal Gu House.


 Not long later, Fang Di Chang felt the timing was right and said to Fang Yuan: “We can start the final step. Are you ready?”


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 “Good.” Fang Di Chang said and activated the Immortal Gu House; chains shot out from all around and tightly bound Fang Yuan instantly!


 Fang Yuan was pale with fright: “Brother, what are you doing?”


 Fang Di Chang looked at him deeply and said with deep meaning: “Brother Suan Bu Jin, Fang clan will not forget your sacrifice.”


 “So it was like this! What you want to destroy is me and not this Immortal Gu House!” Fang Yuan suddenly came to a realization.


 “The Immortal Gu House needs to be detonated as well.” Fang Di Chang said: “But just the power of the Immortal Gu House’s detonation is only ordinary. Only by sacrificing a wisdom path Gu Immortal like you can I make an instant breakthrough and reach an even higher level in wisdom path. I can then use the grand power of detonation to subdue Divine Bean Palace!”


 “Oh Brother Suan Bu Jin, I know that this is unfair to you.”


 “But there is no other way left, you have also seen Fang clan’s situation, please die for the sake of Fang clan’s future.” Fang Di Chang bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan panicked and started cursing loudly.


 Fang Di Chang’s expression turned cold: “You are also a Fang clan member, you are dying for a good cause. Rest in peace.”


 Once he said that, he activated the final method.



***
Chapter 1860 - You Know Too Much


***





 



 Fang Gong, who was hiding near Divine Bean Palace, was feeling anxious.


 “What is going on? Why is there no movement from Divine Bean Palace? Did something happen?” Fang Gong calculated the time.


 Fang Di Chang’s scheme against Fang Yuan naturally was not his decision alone, he had run through this plan with Fang Gong and others.


 Because they were worried that Suan Bu Jin, who was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, would become suspicious, Fang Gong had been hiding outside the palace to prevent any accidents from happening.


 “First supreme elder, please be at ease. Second supreme elder took action only after making a proper plan, his strength is also above Suan Bu Jin’s and adding on the immortal formation outside the palace and the support of the Immortal Gu House inside the palace, Suan Bu Jin’s defeat is almost a certainty. What’s more, if there were to be any mishaps on second supreme elder’s end leaving him unable to control the situation, he will definitely send us a message.” Third supreme elder who was standing on the side assured.


 He was an old man with gray hair, dressed in a yellow robe.


 “You are right.” Fang Gong nodded. Right at this time, an explosion occurred from inside Divine Bean Palace.


 Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng glanced at each other before the latter spoke: “It has started! The Immortal Gu House has detonated.”


 “Let’s go take a look!” Fang Gong ran immediately towards Divine Bean Palace.


 Divine Bean Palace’s door was tightly closed before, but Fang Di Chang had already refined a portion of the palace with Fang Yuan’s help, allowing Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng to enter directly.


 “Second elder!” Fang Gong’s eyes narrowed as he saw the heavily injured and bloodied Fang Di Chang among the ruins of an Immortal Gu House.


 “Second elder, are you okay? Hold on!” Fang Hua Sheng also arrived soon after and immediately started using healing methods.


 He was the most proficient healing Gu Immortal in Fang clan.


 Sure enough, with his treatment, Fang Di Chang slowly came to his senses.


 He spoke weakly: “That Suan Bu Jin was hiding his strength, although I succeeded in ambushing him, I was still struck by his counterattack and need to rest for some time. But Divine Bean Palace...”


 Before Fang Di Chang finished speaking, Fang Gong interrupted: “Second elder, don’t mention Divine Bean Palace. You are the brain behind our Fang clan, our strategist, Fang clan cannot be without you. Let third elder heal your injuries.”


 Fang Gong’s words were heartwarming.


 Fang Hua Sheng added: “Second elder, don’t overexert yourself, your injuries are not light, you should listen to first elder. Come, let me take you to the secret room so I can heal you properly.”


 “Alright.” Fang Di Chang weakly closed his eyes.


 He was taken to the secret room and treated by Fang Hua Sheng.


 The treatment lasted a day and two nights.


 After the treatment finished, Fang Hua Sheng visited Fang Gong alone and reported.


 “How is the situation?” Fang Gong asked.


 Fang Hua Sheng replied: “Reporting to first supreme elder, there is no issue. I inspected second elder’s blood, soul, and body, they are all authentic. Moreover, as there is no change in life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu in the ancestral hall, second elder should still be himself!”


 As it turned out, Fang Hua Sheng was not just treating Fang Di Chang but also had the secret task of inspecting Fang Di Chang.


 Fang Gong nodded: “I trust second elder, but inspection is a necessity. How did Southern Border righteous path become a laughing stock in the five regions? It is because they let Fang Yuan infiltrate them. Although Suan Bu Jin is not at the level of that demon Fang Yuan, he is a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all; we still don’t know about all his methods, we can never be too careful. Moreover... second supreme elder himself had asked me to arrange this identity inspection.”


 Fang Hua Sheng laughed: “You two really have a lot of worries, from what I see, that Suan Bu Jin might be a rank seven wisdom path expert but he is a lone cultivator after all, he has limited foundation. Our Fang clan is a super force, we used almost all our strength to scheme against him and even detonated an Immortal Gu House, it could be said that we spared no expense for this! With such a strength difference, getting rid of Suan Bu Jin is not a difficult matter.”


 “I must see his body if he is alive, if he is dead, I must see his corpse. I haven’t seen Suan Bu Jin’s corpse or soul, so I am somewhat worried.” Fang Gong’s gaze was slightly heavy.


 “Hahaha, he cultivates wisdom path, not transformation path. Even without second supreme elder’s explanations of the details, I can make a rough guess. That Suan Bu Jin must have used some method to gain a sudden increase in his strength when he counterattacked, resulting in a powerful explosion which destroyed his own corpse and soul.” Fang Hua Sheng said.


 Fang Di Chang who was lying in the bed opened his eyes.


 “It has already been a day and a night since Fang Hua Sheng reported. Looks like I managed to deceive them!” Fang Di Chang thought.


 He was not the real Fang Di Chang, but Fang Yuan’s clone!


 Going back to the moment when Fang Di Chang started on his scheme.


 “Oh Brother Suan Bu Jin, I know that this is unfair to you.”


 “But there is no other way left, you have also seen Fang clan’s situation, please die for the sake of Fang clan’s future.” Fang Di Chang bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan panicked and started cursing loudly.


 Fang Di Chang’s expression turned cold: “You are also a Fang clan member, you are dying for a good cause. Rest in peace.”


 Once he said that, he activated the final method.


 Silence.


 “Huh?” Fang Di Chang was slightly dazed as he activated the method again.


 Still silence!


 “What’s going on?!” Fang Di Chang’s pupils shrunk and his expression changed as he quickly inspected.


 He looked at Fang Yuan with disbelief: “You actually tampered with this Immortal Gu House!”


 Fang Yuan’s panicked expression disappeared completely and a sinister smile replaced it: “Oh, yeah, damn it, you actually found out!”


 “How is this possible? I was personally in charge of the whole process, you only gave a few suggestions and nothing more!” Fang Di Chang suddenly felt a chill as he said this: “Could it be....”


 “Hahaha!” Fang Yuan clapped: “You are indeed a wisdom path great grandmaster, you realized so quickly. That’s right, although I only gave a few suggestions, you accepted them. An Immortal Gu House constructed from those suggestions has many areas that corresponds to Divine Bean Palace. You set up a Gu formation outside the palace and a Gu house inside to infiltrate Divine Bean Palace and refine it forcefully. But from another aspect, Divine Bean Palace also infiltrated your Gu formation and Gu house. As for me, I just happen to be able to influence Divine Bean Palace.”


 Divine Bean Palace was like a locked treasure chest. Fang clan’s Gu formation and Gu house were like a crowbar that was inserted into a gap in the chest lid, which could forcibly break the lock of the chest and open it, at the same time, this treasure chest, Divine Bean Palace, was like a large mouth that bit the crowbar.


 What Fang Yuan did now was to influence Divine Bean Palace and make it bite the crowbar tightly. This created the current situation — Fang Di Chang activated his method but there was no effect.


 Fang Di Chang glared at Fang Yuan and said: “Who in the world are you? It is not easy to accomplish this! First, you need extremely high formation path attainment, and second, you also need to have a method to influence Divine Bean Palace.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, although his wisdom path attainment level was lower than Fang Di Chang’s, he was still a grandmaster. His formation path was also at grandmaster level, this was double grandmaster attainment level.


 So, when Fang Di Chang was modifying the immortal formation outside the palace and constructing the Immortal Gu House inside the palace, Fang Yuan had already seen through his plot.


 Fang Yuan was not angry, but was pleasantly surprised. He restrained himself and worked this plot to his own advantage, Fang Di Chang had thought the situation was within his control, but he was already seen through by Fang Yuan.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 Green smoke rose above Fang Yuan’s shoulders and head, and formed a huge divine tree. The divine tree was green and lush, and there were several fruits scattered among the leaves.


 Divine Bean Palace began to shake.


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes opened wide with shock and anger as he pointed at Fang Yuan: “So you sided with Heavenly Court! You despicable bastard!!”


 He was familiar with karma divine tree because he had once fought Chen Yi and had experienced this killer move.


 Now that he saw this move again, his first thought was not about Fang Yuan, but that Suan Bu Jin had sided with Heavenly Court and that Heavenly Court had given karma divine tree to him to retrieve Divine Bean Palace.


 Ever since Fang clan seized Divine Bean Palace and chased Chen Yi away, they treated Heavenly Court as their main enemy.


 Sweat started to appear on Fang Di Chang’s forehead because of the fright. Because he naturally had the thought: If this truly is Heavenly Court’s conspiracy, Suan Bu Jin definitely had backup. Maybe, Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals are already hiding outside Fang Clan headquarters!


 Seeing Fang Di Chang’s misunderstanding, Fang Yuan did not explain but focused on karma divine tree.


 This was the first time he was openly using this move, Fang Yuan soon discovered Divine Bean Palace was responding to this move and slowly began to put down its resistance and accept him, the owner of this killer move.


 Soon, Fang Di Chang was unable to even budge.


 The temporary Immortal Gu House had the effect of imprisoning Gu Immortals, Fang Di Chang had intended to use this ability against Suan Bu Jin but Fang Yuan’s influence was much greater than Fang Di Chang’s, and with Divine Bean Palace’s suppression, Fang Di Chang became the prisoner.


 “Good, very good, Suan Bu Jin! I admit defeat, kill me.” Fang Di Chang sneered without any fear of death.


 He fully displayed his bravery at the juncture of life and death.


 Fang Yuan also sneered: “You want to use your death to trigger a change in life tablet Gu and other methods, to notify Fang Gong and others who are outside? Such mentality is praiseworthy, but I won’t be baited. I will extract your soul and then use my split soul to possess you, your body won’t die and your soul also won’t dissipate, so there will be no change in life tablet Gu.”


 “From now on, I will use this Fang Di Chang clone to replace you and infiltrate Fang clan. I will search your soul clean, I will plunder all your experiences, memories, and information.”


 “Hmph! Impossible! You can forget about it.” Fang Di Chang snorted coldly: “You think a split soul cannot be inspected? The details about my soul are recorded in Fang clan, any difference will result in you getting exposed.”


 “Moreover, you have too little time. I have already set a time limit with first supreme elder and others. if they don’t see me before the time limit, they will immediately charge in to reinforce me!”


 “At that time, even if you have Heavenly Court’s reinforcements, how long can you hold on for? The furious first elder Fang Gong will definitely turn you into meat paste!”


 “So, Suan Bu Jin, cooperate with my Fang clan. Heavenly Court is using you, although they are scheming against me, they are practically disregarding your life.” Fang Di Chang urged.


 Fang Di Chang was indeed worthy of being a wisdom path great grandmaster, his words were incisive and without faults. He was actually instigating Fang Yuan! His words were even extremely logical.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he gazed deeply at Fang Di Chang.


 Fang Di Chang had been staring at Fang Yuan as well and paled as he saw Fang Yuan’s expression.


 Because he thought of an even more frightening truth.


 “You played me at my own game, there must be a reason for such confidence. To complete this plan, you need to have a high formation path and wisdom path attainment, moreover, you must also have extraordinary soul path methods!”


 “No, you are not sent by Heavenly Court!”


 “You! You are Fang Yuan!!”


 Fang Di Chang’s face turned deathly pale.


 He realized.


 It was not necessary for him to be from Heavenly Court just because he had karma divine tree. Chen Yi was killed by Fang Yuan, this matter was publicized by Fang Yuan himself.


 Clap clap clap.


 Fang Yuan clapped: “Truly worthy of being a wisdom path great grandmaster.”


 Fang Di Chang blinked as he swallowed his saliva: “Fang Yuan, we can cooperate. There is no need to create such a conflict, please believe in our Fang clan’s strength and sincerity... urgh!”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes opened wide all of a sudden.


 Veins bulged on his forehead and his face turned red as if an invisible hand was clenching his neck and covering his nose, suffocating him.


 While conversing with him, Fang Yuan had been concentrating on influencing Divine Bean Palace. This influence had finally reached a qualitative change!


 “Fang... Fang Yuan, everything... can... be discussed...”


 Fang Yuan shook his head with a smile: “It is truly a pity for a wisdom path great grandmaster to die here. But you... know too much.”


 “Ahh.” At the next moment, Fang Di Chang’s eyes rolled back and his mouth foamed, his body twitched a couple times before he died.



***
Chapter 1861 - Fang Gong Lifts His Suspicions


***





 



 Fang clan headquarters.


 ‘Fang Di Chang’ was resting in bed, his face still somewhat pale.


 A young rank six Gu Immortal was standing by the bed, he was Fang Yun.


 Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang’s adopted son, he was young, handsome, and his eyes were bright like stars. Right now, he had a concerned expression as he bowed: “Father, you have suffered such heavy injuries, you need to rest properly. Please tell me what I can do for you.”


 Fang Yun was completely unaware that the father in front of him was someone else, a clone of Fang Yuan.


 In a way, Fang Yuan could be considered his father’s murderer, Fang Yun was treating the enemy as his father.


 Fang Di Chang coughed and waved his hand weakly: “Yun Er, don’t put on an act. Can father still not understand your nature? Come, sit here, don’t be so restrained.”


 Fang Yun’s expression immediately relaxed as he shrugged his shoulders and raised his eyebrows, sitting by the bedside: “Father, you really gave me a scare. I didn’t think you would make such a big move this time, it was truly risky! Such a pity that Senior Suan Bu Jin lost his life.”


 Fang Yun had a sad expression.


 Fang Yuan had once saved Fang Yun’s life as Suan Bu Jin. Fang Yun had all along remembered this and had high regard for Suan Bu Jin.


 And this time, Fang Di Chang had not told the truth of the plot to Fang Yun. The people who were in on the plan to get rid of Suan Bu Jin were limited to Fang clan’s first supreme elder, second supreme elder, and third supreme elder.


 This plan could not have too many people, especially Fang Yun.


 Suan Bu Jin had much contact with Fang Yun, he was a shrewd wisdom path Gu Immortal and could easily make Fang Yun expose the conspiracy had Fang Yun known the truth.


 Fang Di Chang was a wisdom path great grandmaster, he paid attention to every detail.


 In all fairness, had it been any other Gu Immortal, they might have really been done in by Fang Di Chang. Even Fang Yuan, if he didn’t have the premonition which made him improve karma divine tree, might have been in some trouble.


 Fang Di Chang did not make any slip-ups, he had already overestimated Suan Bu Jin as much as possible. But when he knew Suan Bu Jin’s true identity, he immediately realized: he had greatly underestimated Fang Yuan.


 In fact, not only Fang Di Chang, even Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei was underestimating Fang Yuan. It was such that the whole Gu Immortal world of the five regions was greatly underestimating Fang Yuan — they thought Fang Yuan was still a rank seven.


 Fang Yuan had long since advanced to rank eight and even used his Qi Sea Ancestor identity to get a portion of Primordial Origin’s qi path true inheritance out of Duke Long’s hands.


 Fang Di Chang was only a rank seven, the Gu formation and the Gu house he was relying on were completely seen through by Fang Yuan. At the same time, Divine Bean Palace also became Fang Yuan’s support.


 Fang Di Chang had treated Suan Bu Jin as a crocodile and had never imagined there to be a vicious dragon under the crocodile skin.


 Thus, he was crushed. He made such a huge mistake that there was no chance to make a comeback.


 “Yun Er, come, give me your hand.” Fang Di Chang said.


 Fang Yun was puzzled, but he did not want to disobey his father’s order and obediently stretched his arm.


 Fang Di Chang put three Immortal Gu in his hand.


 “Father, what are you doing?” Fang Yun was shocked.


 “I intend to hand over my wisdom path inheritance to you.”


 Fang Yun was dazed for a moment before he said: “But father, I cultivate cloud path, not wisdom path. Moreover, didn’t you allow me to cultivate cloud path before?”


 Fang Di Chang nodded: ” I allowed you to cultivate cloud path before because you have a lively nature and did not want to take on responsibilities, which suits cloud path. But cloud path is only a minor path, it can never compare to wisdom path.”


 “Most importantly, this event made me question myself. Suan Bu Jin’s death is the best reminder to me. I need to look for a wisdom path inheritor for the clan, if something happens to me, there will be someone to replace me.”


 “Father, don’t talk about such things.” Fang Yun quickly replied.


 “Life is uncertain, what accidents cannot happen? Life is full of the unexpected. I am now heavily injured and lying in bed, it was something I had never imagined before. Moreover, you know about our clan’s situation. I must prepare for the future of our clan.” Fang Di Chang said in a sincere and serious tone.


 Fang Yun nodded and had a rare look of solemnity: “Father, you are right. I will change to cultivating wisdom path.”


 Fang Di Chang nodded with a smile before shaking his head: “You are my son, as your father, I know you don’t suit wisdom path, cloud path is the most suitable for you. I am planning for the clan but won’t overlook you. So, father’s arrangement is to first hand the wisdom path inheritance to you, but you don’t need to change to cultivating wisdom path. You already have cloud path foundation, it will be troublesome and a great loss for you to change now.”


 “Currently, you only need to hold onto this wisdom path inheritance. If there is a critical situation in the future requiring you to make the sacrifice, change your cultivation path then. If father passes away someday, select a suitable inheritor to pass on this wisdom path inheritance, understood?”


 “Father, your arrangements are very wise, I understand!” Fang Yun laughed, he immediately relaxed after knowing that he did not have to cultivate wisdom path.


 “Leave, you brat, father needs to rest. Get used to these three wisdom path Immortal Gu first. There is your Senior Suan Bu Jin’s distracting thoughts Immortal Gu among them, although he died, I need to pass on his inheritance.” Fang Di Chang said while waving his hand.


 “I will take my leave.” Fang Yun left quickly and closed the door gently.


 Only Fang Yuan’s clone was left in the room.


 He closed his eyes and pondered inwardly with an exhausted look: “My physical body is Fang Di Chang’s, so there was no flaw in the blood. Fang Di Chang has not died, so there is no change in life tablet Gu. His soul was personally taken care of by the main body. After splitting the soul, many soul path methods were used and adding on the advantage of the time flow in the sovereign immortal aperture, the soul matches with the body extremely well and there is no flaw.”


 “However, just these are still not enough.”


 Fang Di Chang thought of Fang Gong.


 Although Fang Yuan had not been in much contact with Fang Gong, he understood the latter’s nature.


 From the outside, Fang Gong was bold and reckless, he did not bother about little things, but in fact, under his bold appearance, he was highly shrewd and cautious.


 This could be seen from when he schemed against Chen Yi.


 He was a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, but he actually hid his cultivation level and disguised as an ordinary Gu Immortal. When he saw the timing was right, he suddenly erupted with his strength and struck Chen Yi viciously, Chen Yi was caught off-guard and suffered a huge loss.


 Fang Yuan knew that to deceive this kind of person, he could not rely on just having ‘no flaws that could be found’.


 He needed to put up a performance as well.


 “Oh? Second elder intentionally gave his wisdom path inheritance to Fang Yun?” Fang Gong soon received this news.


 The one who reported the news was his own biological great grandson, an outstanding expert among rank six and Fang clan’s possible successor — Fang Leng.


 Fang Leng had a square face and was slightly older than Fang Yun. Fang Yun was very close to Fang Leng, when he obtained Fang Di Chang’s inheritance, he did not hide it from this respected senior brother.


 Fang Leng was clearly much more shrewd than Fang Yun, that very night, he reported this news to Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong frowned slightly, not speaking.


 He knew Fang Di Chang’s intention.


 Fang clan’s external situation was troubling and there was huge pressure on them, but there were also internal struggles inside the clan.


 Places with people have conflicts, even if there were more and more resources, they still needed to consider how to distribute it. The clan’s resources were limited, who used them now, who used them later, who could use them better, who used them worse, these were natural conflicts and could never be reconciled.


 The two biggest factions in Fang clan belonged to Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang.


 These two factions cooperated closely but it did not mean there was no strife between them. In fact, these two factions were always contesting with each other, it was just that Fang Gong’s faction had third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng while Fang Di Chang was only a rank seven, they had always firmly grasped the highest authority in the clan.


 Fang Di Chang possessed the wisdom path inheritance which had always been the foundation of the second faction.


 Fang Gong’s frown was because he had been thinking if he could take the chance to ask for this wisdom path inheritance.


 Look, you almost lost your life this time, the wisdom path inheritance is in your hands, it will be Fang clan’s greatest loss if there were to be an accident!


 This was for the sake of the clan, if they pressured him with it, there was indeed a chance to force Fang Di Chang to hand over the inheritance or at least a portion of it.


 There was a difference between the politics of a clan and a sect.


 The clan’s politics prioritized family relationship, their inheritances were passed down through bloodline ties. Although Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang’s adopted son, the relationship was extremely good. This was because Fang Yun had been personally raised by Fang Di Chang since a young age. Fang Di Chang truly loved this son, if not, he would not have let him cultivate cloud path. He cared about his feelings and future happiness.


 In the future, when Fang Di Chang retires, his second supreme elder position would be taken by Fang Yun according to the custom.


 Fang clan had a lot of Gu Immortals, but this position could only belong to Fang Yun.


 Unless Fang Di Chang raises an inheritor who cultivates wisdom path and is much more outstanding than Fang Yun.


 Fang Di Chang’s wisdom path inheritance belonged to Fang clan in name, but in fact, it was held by his faction and passed on from generation to generation.


 Fang Yun cultivated cloud path and did not have the qualifications to inherit this wisdom path inheritance, this was the most obvious weakness of Fang Di Chang’s faction.


 Fang Gong was just thinking of striking this weakness but had never expected Fang Di Chang to put a stop to his plan before he even started.


 “As expected of a wisdom path great grandmaster.” Fang Gong’s brows relaxed and a smile appeared on his face as he waved his hand.


 Fang Leng understood: “I will take my leave.”


 “We lost our chance this time, so forget it. After all, we are all members of Fang clan, we are on the same side.” Fang Gong was not too upset but was somewhat worried.


 After all, Fang Di Chang’s scheme succeeded and Suan Bu Jin was sacrificed to refine Divine Bean Palace. With this rank eight Immortal Gu House, the strength of Fang clan’s second faction rose greatly, Fang Gong felt a huge pressure because of this.


 As a higher up, he needed to consider a lot of things.


 Fang clan’s first supreme elder, who was in control of Fang clan for so many years, not only had to look after his own cultivation and nurture later generations, he also had to lead Fang clan in resisting external enemies and expanding their territories. At the same time, he also needed to pay attention to the internal forces of Fang clan.


 “Second supreme elder took action so quickly, his true intentions can be seen from this. He absolutely cannot be Suan Bu Jin’s disguise.” Right now, the final trace of doubt had disappeared from Fang Gong’s mind.



***
Chapter 1862 - Rank Eight Ant Nest Gu


***





 



 in the depths of eastern sea, gu tribe headquarters.


 over half a month had passed in the blessed land, the dusty seal was completely unlocked.


 there were many gu immortals at the scene, fang yuan’s dragonman clone wu shuai, two dragon generals, gu tribe’s leader, as well as several beastman gu immortals.


 seeing the seal unlocked, gu tribe’s leader nodded in his mind, he was even more certain of wu shuai’s identity.


 this seal was arranged by wu shuai himself and was further strengthened by generations of gu tribe leaders.


 back then, wu shuai had realized he did not have much chance and arranged for a portion of his inheritance to be preserved in gu tribe headquarters.


 gu tribe’s leader looked at wu shuai and smiled: “please.”


 wu shuai waved his hand, a large grey rock rose to the air and was stored by wu shuai into his immortal aperture.


 wu shuai activated his method to dissect the rock. because of the correct method, the rock was dissected quickly and revealed two immortal gu inside.


 one was rank eight immortal gu ant nest which looked like an ordinary inverted bowl, it was brown and had a rough appearance. however, this immortal gu was the core immortal gu of green ant ascetic. this gu could breed all kinds of army ants.


 army ant was a species created by green ant ascetic, it was extremely suitable for enslavement path gu immortals. in history, the real wu shuai’s most used method was also army ant.


 naturally, the queen ant of army ants could also breed other ants. but the queen ant could not breed another queen ant, this was a huge disadvantage.


 after the dragonman race’s extermination, duke long had sent the order to remove all the related things and records.


 back then, green ant ascetic had already been enslaved by dragon palace and army ant had also become one of the symbols of the dragonman race, thus it was also implicated.


 with all these reasons, army ants were like a shooting star, disappearing instantly from history.


 besides ant nest immortal gu, there was also an information path immortal gu, it was rank seven and was called letter seal.


 letter seal immortal gu contained a large amount of contents regarding army ants. besides this, letter seal immortal gu had been used to seal ant nest immortal gu.


 ant nest immortal gu was at rank eight, it was not easy to preserve it as an inheritance. because for an immortal gu’s existence, it needed to be fed in time, or else, it would die of hunger.


 wu shuai used letter seal immortal gu to cover ant nest immortal gu with a thick layer of rock membrane, creating an immortal gu rock. as the price, letter seal immortal gu had to be left inside the rock as well.


 gambling den gu masters would create some fake rocks for profits, they would put gu worm inside the rocks then make people open them, increasing the gambling den’s reputation.


 wu shuai’s method was similar to it. it was just that he made the false rock not for profit but to preserve ant nest immortal gu.


 this method was quite effective as ant nest gu was still alive after so many years.


 naturally, when fang yuan’s clone wu shuai dissected the rock, ant nest immortal gu was at an extremely weak and hungry state, letter seal immortal gu was also the same.


 but it was not serious, fang yuan had already prepared the food and given them to wu shuai.


 wu shuai fed the immortal gu while walking back with the gu tribe immortals.


 on the way, wu shuai thanked: “your noble tribe kept your word! you preserved my inheritance until now, you are really my dragonman race’s most trustworthy friend!”


 the current gu tribe leader laughed: “lord wu shuai, i won’t hide it from you, there have been ups and downs. it is not that my tribe’s gu immortals did not covet your inheritance, but the tribe leader back then set a rule that every gu tribe leader had to first add a seal to this inheritance when they took the position.”


 “and we have always kept fate gu’s revelation in mind, so this inheritance was able to be preserved until now.”


 gu tribe’s leader was frank, making wu shuai laugh heartily.


 wu shuai guaranteed on the spot: “my friendship with your tribe has lasted for a million years, and it shall continue in the future as well! right now, i am collaborating with fang yuan and have already solved the dragonman extermination killer move. this move had once killed me, and exterminated my clan, but from now onwards, it will have no effect.”


 the eyes of gu tribe’s leader brightened: “this is extremely good news! dragonmen reign supreme, this is the decree of heaven. senior, to be honest, i have a favor to ask of you.”


 over these days in gu tribe headquarters, fang yuan’s clone had enjoyed warm hospitality and they had even taken the initiative to return wu shuai’s inheritance.


 mutual benefit was the foundation for allies, it was fair for gu tribe’s leader to make some requests right now.


 fang yuan’s clone replied immediately with no hesitation: “just speak your mind, as long as it is within my abilities, i will help you.”


 “i want to transform a portion of my tribe’s members to dragonmen. senior, what do you think...” gu tribe’s leader asked with anticipation.


 fang yuan nodded: “my close friend back then, gu liang, who was also your tribe’s leader, had this intention as well. at present, since i already have a completely new dragonman lifespan extension method, i can naturally help you.”


 gu tribe’s leader was joyous: “many thanks, senior! my tribe has already prepared the raging wave rising dragon fire, please tell us what other immortal materials are needed.”


 gu tribe had been hiding in the depths of eastern sea and its successive generations had actively searched and gathered raging wave rising dragon fire. over the million years, and with eastern sea being the number one region in resources, the present gu tribe treasury had a rarely seen reserve of raging wave rising dragon fire.


 fang yuan’s clone gave a few instructions and gu tribe’s leader immediately acted accordingly.


 several days later, immortal materials and candidates arrived before wu shuai.


 wu shuai brought out dragon palace, using the dragonman lifespan extension method inside this immortal gu house could receive the assistance of dragon palace itself.


 this batch of gu tribe members had over ten people. most were rank five gu masters while two were gu immortals. among them, half were elderly with their lifespan nearing the end and with no other lifespan extension methods left, the dragonman lifespan extension method became their only hope. the other half were young adults, the elites of the current gu tribe.


 several days passed again, with the dragon spirit’s help and the methods of fang yuan’s clone, the dragonman lifespan extension method was used. most of the gu tribe candidates turned into dragonmen, but a portion were unlucky and lost their lives. after all, the dragonman lifespan extension method still had risks.


 even so, gu tribe’s leader was very happy at this result: “senior, your modified method has a much higher success rate than the original.”


 “my race’s extermination was the price to obtain this achievement.” fang yuan’s clone heaved a sigh.


 gu tribe’s leader immediately consoled: “senior, i am sorry for your loss.”


 as he said this, he presented a batch of immortal materials.


 for ant nest immortal gu to create army ants, immortal essence was only one of the conditions, it still required specific immortal materials. fang yuan’s clone required these immortal materials. the gu tribe leader of back then knew this secret and had gathered these materials, the current gu tribe leader offered them, which showed their sincerity.


 fang yuan’s clone rejected: “i converted your tribe members as thanks, we did not discuss any remuneration.”


 “senior, please don’t stand on ceremony, this is only a small gift from us.” gu tribe’s leader smiled.


 but fang yuan’s clone still persisted: “it has not been easy for you to survive, you are also my dragonman race’s most trustworthy and reliable ally. how can i, wu shuai, treat my ally like this? although i don’t have the immortal materials, i am already in collaboration with fang yuan, i can ask for him to provide the immortal materials.”


 “senior, fang yuan is a devil of this age, he might only have rank seven cultivation, but even heavenly court is unable to handle him. he is sinister and crafty, vicious and malicious, he can do anything as long as there are enough benefits. i hope you are vigilant, senior.”


 fang yuan’s clone could not help but laugh in his mind.


 gu tribe’s leader was speaking ill of fang yuan in front of fang yuan, were he to know that wu shuai was fang yuan’s clone, who knew what spectacular expression he would show.


 fang yuan’s clone nodded: “your words make sense, but heavenly court’s force is huge, and fang yuan is no doubt a huge help that cannot be neglected. even if i am taking favors from a tiger, as long as it can increase my chance of victory against heavenly court and duke long, even if slightly, i am willing to take the risk.”


 gu tribe’s leader nodded and sighed: “senior, you are right. to be honest, my gu tribe might be hiding in this corner, but we have made many reliable allies. eastern sea’s merman imperial court is one of them. my gu tribe has received a lot of help from them.”


 “merman imperial court... this is indeed good news!” the gaze of fang yuan’s clone brightened.


 merman imperial court was a super force that had once received support from paradise earth immortal venerable. the human race had dominance, gu tribe was a beastman tribe hiding in the bottom of the sea, it was not strange for them to have a close relationship with mermen.


 gu tribe’s leader continued: “besides this, my tribe has some connections with the other four regions as well. for instance, we have stable trade with murong tribe in northern plains. some years ago, when imperial court blessed land was destroyed and eighty-eight true yang building collapsed, i had gone to northern plains to participate in northern plains’ auction, i received warm hospitality from murong tribe back then.”


 wu shuai thought: “so it was you.”


 fang yuan’s main body had also participated in northern plains’ auction.


 this auction was hosted by qin bai sheng.


 back then, gu tribe’s leader had worn a tall hat and large cloak and had an ordinary face, it was clearly a disguise. right now, wu shuai was looking at the real appearance of gu tribe’s leader.


 fang yuan had converted gu tribe members to dragonmen, it had clearly deepened their friendship and gu tribe’s leader took the initiative to reveal many secrets.


 gu tribe might have been living in hiding, but over such a long period of time, they had a lot of contact with the outside world and had an extremely firm foundation.


 using gu tribe as a focal point, he could influence all five regions. naturally, this influence was limited.


 but this limited influence could display a huge effect through fang yuan’s planning.


 “this is good news!” fang yuan’s main body was quite happy when he received this information.


 right now, he was no longer in western desert, but had arrived at northern plains.


 he rapidly descended, below him was a giant pit.


 the pit’s entrance was almost circular and spanned hundreds of kilometers, it looked extremely grand.


 fang yuan looked down and saw a scene of wilderness. there was a thick rainforest, having both yellow and green colors. from time to time, desolate beasts growled, large numbers of featherless birds flew out, their red bodies looked like the historical pterosaurs of earth.


 it was one of the ten great fierce areas of northern plains, crazed demon cave!



***
Chapter 1863 - Walking Through The Seventh Layer Again


***





 



 fang yuan was dressed in a white robe, slowly descending to crazed demon cave.


 two gu immortals were already waiting for a long time on the ground.


 one gu immortal had a pale face and black beard, he had long wide sleeves and eyes that were shining like stars, he had an extraordinary air. he was known as not immortal and he cultivated rule path.


 the other gu immortal was short, his height only reaching fang yuan’s knee. his tiny eyes were shining brightly, he was secret schemer and he cultivated wisdom path.


 the current fang yuan could not be compared to the past, he had trampled on heavenly court in the battle of lang ya and two battles in the river of time. he had even captured a large group of southern border immortals, which included two rank eights! not long ago, there was even news from eastern sea’s gu immortal world that fang yuan borrowed qi sea ancestor’s strength to block duke long, while he took away immortal gu house dragon palace.


 in terms of who was the strongest and most famous demonic path gu immortal of the current generation, no one fit better than fang yuan.


 “friends, we meet again.” after fang yuan landed, he greeted politely with a smile.


 secret schemer and not immortal returned the greeting hurriedly.


 not immortal smiled: “after the previous parting, when we heard of brother liu’s true identity being gu yue fang yuan, we were truly surprised and joyous. since you have come here this time, you must have a method to break through the current barrier, we have been waiting anxiously for a long time.”


 fang yuan had undergone the crazed demon agreement using liu guan yi’s identity, and had become a member of crazed demon cave like chu du.


 therefore, not immortal addressed fang yuan as brother liu.


 as far as the three crazed demon eccentrics were concerned, fang yuan’s appearance had not changed because liu guan yi’s appearance was the original appearance of fang yuan’s sovereign immortal body.


 “why don’t i see pang shan?” fang yuan asked.


 “he seemed to have gained some insight when he explored the seventh layer and is currently in closed cultivation.” secret schemer replied.


 “so that’s it.” fang yuan smiled, understanding in his head.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics were taking precautions against him!


 back then, when he went under the name of liu guan yi, his strength was not high. the current fang yuan was progressing rapidly, the whole world acknowledged that fang yuan could battle rank eight despite being only at rank seven. the three crazed demon eccentrics were naturally concerned about fang yuan suddenly making a vicious move against them.


 after all, fang yuan was the biggest demon at present, his nature was vicious and cruel. don’t be fooled by his smiling expression, he was, in actuality, a ruthless murderer who killed without even blinking his eyes.


 although the three crazed demon eccentrics had long secluded themselves inside crazed demon cave and were only engrossed in cultivating, they were not fools. especially the head of the three eccentrics, secret schemer, his performance in fang yuan’s previous life was quite spectacular and made heavenly court suffer major losses.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics were wary of fang yuan, thus pang shan did not appear and was hiding somewhere.


 it was very likely that him being in closed cultivation was only an excuse just in case fang yuan went crazy and attacked them! as long as there was at least one eccentric left, they would not have the worry of fang yuan killing them all.


 “not only this, the three crazed demon eccentrics might have some backup methods, which is why they are keeping a person outside.” fang yuan deduced inwardly.


 although fang yuan had undergone the crazed demon agreement, he had already gotten rid of its restrictions.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics also had the killer move do not care, and could completely ignore the crazed demon agreement.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics were wary of fang yuan and were on guard, but fang yuan did not actually want to attack them.


 at least, he did not want to attack now.


 “this is already the third time i am inside crazed demon cave. i hope there will be some gains!” fang yuan’s main target for this trip was still limitless’ true inheritance.


 not long in the future, heavenly court would definitely hold the central continent refinement path convention to restore fate gu.


 at that time, there would definitely be a huge battle involving gu immortals of the five regions!


 in this battle, no matter how powerful fang yuan became, he could not control the situation. any venerable methods could easily topple the situation.


 fang yuan had already realized this in the previous life.


 the best example was duke long.


 duke long was unmatched, but he was nothing against venerable methods. limitless demon venerable bound him instantly and made him unable to even budge for a long time. it was because of genesis lotus immortal venerable’s method that duke long got free from the bindings and regained his freedom.


 fang yuan’s plan was that in this life, he would not only actively increase his strength but also gather some venerable true inheritances, if he could trigger venerable methods, it would be the perfect support in his plan to destroy fate gu!


 and the most reliable clue was here — crazed demon cave!


 fang yuan’s timing was also perfect.


 his current strength had already risen a lot. although he only had rank seven cultivation on the surface, he had already advanced to rank eight, even if the three crazed demon eccentrics went against him, he could quickly counterattack without any worry about his safety.


 moreover, after some time, longevity heaven’s bing sai chuan would awaken. his awakening would have a huge influence on longevity heaven and the whole northern plains gu immortal world.


 were fang yuan to come to northern plains at that time and make a big commotion, he might have to face longevity heaven led by bing sai chuan, which would be hard to deal with.


 not immortal guided the way ahead while secret schemer accompanied fang yuan and conversed with him.


 fang yuan followed the two eccentrics deep into crazed demon cave.


 crazed demon cave had nine layers.


 the first layer was the most external layer, it was also the scene fang yuan saw from high in the sky.


 the second layer was an incredibly hot land of burning rocks.


 the third layer was covered in white fog, ferocious beasts moved in the fog and there was also the fog city. it was extremely dangerous.


 ...


 every layer had completely different environments, demonic sounds spread from the deepest ninth layer to the whole of crazed demon cave at every set interval of time.


 when the demonic sounds spread, all beings went crazy and would start killing each other, creating extreme chaos.


 the deeper one went, the stronger the demonic sounds became.


 but the method created by the three crazed demon eccentrics could defend against a portion of the demonic sounds’ might.


 however, what fang yuan used was not this method. before he came here, he had modified the previous method and the new method had extraordinary effects, it could be considered an advanced version.


 after all, his current rule path attainment level was at great grandmaster.


 while the demonic sound was active, the activation of immortal killer moves would be greatly affected. this was because the demonic sounds were chaotic dao marks, insanity was only the side effect.


 the three moved down the curved pathways before finally reaching the seventh layer, which was also the third lowest layer.


 back then, fang yuan’s endpoint had been this layer.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics similarly were stopped here for several hundreds of years. it was because they were stuck at this barrier without any breakthrough that they took in chu du and fang yuan.


 however, their gains were also a lot.


 the seven layers they explored had scattered traces of limitless demon venerable’s inheritance.


 the three crazed demon eccentrics researched these clues and were able to roughly deduce the scene at the final layer, although they had never been there.


 fang yuan’s sight was filled with dazzling light.


 all sorts of colors emanated from the rocks, soil, and grass in this place.


 this was dao mark light.


 when the density of dao marks reached a certain level, they would let out this kind of brilliant radiance naturally.


 in this seventh layer, every grain of soil and every piece of rock was a quasi-rank nine immortal material! the extremely unfortunate thing was these dao marks were chaotic and could not be used.


 “fang yuan, after you.” secret schemer gave way.


 “ever since the previous failure, i have reflected on it and gained much insight.” fang yuan laughed heartily as he walked in the front.


 secret schemer and not immortal glanced at each other before following fang yuan closely.


 in the recent period of time, fang yuan’s reputation shook the world, but how much strength did he truly have?


 three crazed demon eccentrics were not sure, and this situation was the best chance to ascertain it. secret schemer and not immortal’s attention were gathered on fang yuan.


 fang yuan walked leisurely.


 the first ten steps were like strolling in sunshine.


 twenty steps, he was relaxed.


 thirty steps, his expression started to become serious.


 forty steps, he was beginning to pant.


 fifty steps, he looked exhausted.


 over sixty steps, fang yuan stopped for a breather.


 secret schemer looked at not immortal while not immortal also looked at secret schemer, both saw shock in each other’s eyes.


 the countless conflicting dao marks needed to be overcome to move in this place. the three crazed demon eccentrics’ furthest limit had been over ten thousand steps, but they had rested again and again before continuing. if they were to move without resting like fang yuan, they would at most be able to walk forty-fifty steps.


 “the terrifying thing is that fang yuan walked over sixty steps but it is obvious he has not used all his strength and is still at ease!”


 “just this alone has surpassed us three. but where do his limits lie?”


 thoughts surged up and down in the minds of not immortal and secret schemer.


 but in fact, fang yuan had sovereign immortal body, he simply did not suffer any conflict from dao marks, so the exhaustion was only his disguise and act.


 fang yuan would rather put up a show because he wanted to awe the three crazed demon eccentrics while also hiding his abilities.


 fang yuan was a vigilant person who liked to keep his secrets hidden, if he could keep his cards under the table, he absolutely would not reveal them lightly.


 “as expected of fang yuan.”


 “right, such strength makes us three feel ashamed about ourselves.”


 fang yuan narrowed his eyes: “you don’t need to be modest, i have been reborn several times and have many memories. the three crazed demon eccentrics have a famous reputation, you all have your own unique methods that even i have a high opinion of.”


 not immortal and secret schemer were shaken inwardly.


 fang yuan’s words had deep meaning, they could be taken as praise but also taken as a warning — i have been reborn, i am familiar with your methods, don’t make an enemy of me!


 the three continued to walk forward.


 the deeper they moved, the harder it became, and the more the pressure increased.


 “we will save a lot of effort by relying on our respective path’s dao marks on the upcoming paths, fang yuan, let’s split up for now.” not immortal said.


 he chose to walk towards the front-left where there were relatively more rule path dao marks, since he cultivated rule path.


 not long later, secret schemer also bade farewell, he chose to walk the path with more wisdom path dao marks.


 fang yuan naturally could move in a straight line, but he did not do so, instead choosing to hide his skills. he carefully chose a path to walk.


 the two eccentrics saw this and had their own thoughts.



***
Chapter 1864 - Oh Fang Yuan, You Are Dead Mea


***





 



 Crazed Demon Cave’s seventh layer was quite large, and it felt even more huge in Not Immortal and Secret Schemer’s perception.


 Because they had to think carefully for every step they took while also enduring the conflict from countless dao marks.


 The more they walked, the more difficult it became. This difficulty further widened the sense of distance they felt.


 Fang Yuan moved like a normal Gu Immortal would for some time, while feeling some sympathy towards Not Immortal and Secret Schemer’s situation.


 “If I didn’t have the sovereign immortal body, I would have to choose a dao mark path as well. But this dao mark path will keep on becoming narrower; there are many choices at the start, but the deeper you go, the fewer choices you have.”


 Fang Yuan walked for a while before stopping.


 His path was cut.


 The path ahead was filled with dao marks of other paths.


 Fortunately, after passing this section, the path ahead had the dao marks Fang Yuan selected.


 Fang Yuan discreetly glanced at Not Immortal and Secret Schemer.


 These two were already left behind by him and were walking with a lot of difficulty.


 Similarly, these two were also paying attention to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth as he continued to move forward.


 He pretended to be in a lot of difficulty, stopping at every step. After a while, he finally conquered the difficulty and once again walked the dao mark path that suited him, his face revealing a relaxed expression again.


 “These conflicting dao marks are nothing to me. Instead, it is the acting that is more energy consuming.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly in his mind.


 Not Immortal and Secret Schemer glanced at each other from far away.


 Fang Yuan’s strength was still above their current estimation!


 In that small section, although Fang Yuan moved with difficulty, his speed was still fast. Were Not Immortal to be in the same situation, he might have spewed blood!


 These two became slower the more they walked and even their hearts became heavier.


 The surrounding dao marks pressured them constantly, making it very hard for them to move. Not Immortal was already spitting blood while Secret Schemer’s face looked yellowish purple.


 After a while, the two had no choice but to stop.


 They had reached their limits.


 Fang Yuan was still moving in front, his expression looked much more exhausted than before. But it was obvious he still had a lot of strength left.


 “Fang Yuan is truly a monster!”


 “Sigh, he has many venerable inheritances, he is someone who has won against Heavenly Court repeatedly. It is not strange for him to have this achievement.”


 Not Immortal and Secret Schemer conversed secretly, they sighed while feeling helpless.


 “Then, let’s watch him from here. I want to see how far he can walk!” Secret Schemer snorted coldly.


 Not Immortal hesitated for a moment before asking: “Do you think he can walk out of the seventh layer and enter the eighth layer?”


 “How is that even possible?” Secret Schemer denied immediately, not even thinking of the possibility. But shortly after, he said with a heavy voice: “This possibility is not high, there are at least tens of thousands of steps before someone can walk out of seventh layer. The distance we have walked currently is not even ten percent! Fang Yuan is indeed powerful and is a rank seven demon that seldom appears in a hundred or even a thousand years. But in the end, he is not at rank eight, I even feel that only a venerable can get out of the seventh layer and enter the eighth layer.”


 “Venerable...” Not Immortal thought and said: “Should we tell Fang Yuan of the clues that several venerables came here?”


 “Yes.” Secret Schemer nodded: “Wait till Fang Yuan reaches his limits, we will tell this information to him after we return.”


 Secret Schemer witnessed Fang Yuan’s strength and admitted Fang Yuan was stronger than him. Informing Fang Yuan of this information might spur Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit and make him stay in Crazed Demon Cave, accompanying the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics to break through this place together.


 Fang Yuan walked for a while before pausing slightly.


 “This was the place where I saw Secret Schemer the previous time.” Fang Yuan sized up his surroundings but did not see any traces.


 Back then, Fang Yuan remembered the dao marks here were mainly of metal path and earth path, but it was completely different now.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised because the dao marks in the seventh layer could transform.


 Every time the demonic sounds start from the ninth layer, they will spread to the eighth layer, then to the seventh layer, all the way to the first layer.


 When they reach the first layer, the demonic sounds would be sealed by a formless force, not spreading to the outside world and affecting other beings.


 Fang Yuan continued to walk forward.


 Secret Schemer and Not Immortal stopped on their spots, watching his receding figure from the distance.


 When Fang Yuan crossed Secret Schemer’s furthest record, this wisdom path Gu Immortal’s eyelids twitched.


 Despite him expecting this situation, when he saw this happen for real, he could not help feeling a deep sense of loss.


 “I was surpassed.” Secret Schemer heaved a deep sigh inwardly: “I am the head of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, the person who explored the furthest. I have lived here for hundreds of years and have engrossed myself in researching this place, I never expected to be surpassed by Fang Yuan so easily.”


 Envy and even hatred, as well as anger towards himself, bitterness, sadness, and all kinds of emotions surged in his heart.


 Not Immortal’s feelings were much better than Secret Schemer, after all he was the one with the worst performance among the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics.


 Seeing Secret Schemer’s expression, Not Immortal heaved a sigh and was about to comfort him when his expression changed suddenly.


 The demonic sounds started!


 “What’s going on?” Not Immortal was pale with fright.


 Secret Schemer was also horrified: “How could the demonic sounds appear at this time?”


 Not Immortal said: “Your previous deduction was correct, the demonic sound’s timing is already messed up and we can no longer grasp its timing. Quick, let’s retreat! This place is too dangerous!!”


 Secret Schemer’s face was already perspiring with sweat, he shouted towards Fang Yuan: “The demonic sound is here, retreat quickly! We can only be safe after exiting the seventh layer.”


 Fang Yuan turned around to look at them two.


 These two no longer had the secluded cultivator demeanor of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, they were panicking and were rapidly retreating.


 “It doesn’t look like they are trying to harm me.” Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 Not Immortal and Secret Schemer had no time to choose a path, they could only barely make out the correct direction and retreat towards the outside.


 The demonic sounds had just started and the dao marks here were already restless. Even more terrifying was when the demonic sounds truly resonated, there would be a wild tsunami of dao marks in the seventh layer! Immortal killer moves would immediately break upon activation. At this time period, even Duke Long would be in grave danger if he was here, he would be as weak as a baby and his death would be an unchangeable outcome.


 The seventh layer had already become a forbidden land that devoured everything, only a venerable might be able to contend it.


 The two eccentrics used all their methods and staked all their strength. They were spewing blood as they retreated.


 “Quick, we are almost out of here!” Secret Schemer’s eyes shone with wild joy as he looked ahead.


 “I cannot go on!” Not Immortal crashed onto the ground.


 Secret Schemer said through clenched teeth: “Persevere!”


 The two had a very close relationship, Secret Schemer disregarded the danger and carried the unconscious Not Immortal.


 At the moment of danger, his true nature was revealed.


 Secret Schemer kept on moving, finally charged out.


 His seven orifices were bleeding, his face was pale and green, he was blacking out time and again, and he felt as if his whole body was weighed down by heavy lead.


 However, he did not dare to rest, the demonic sounds had just started, the seventh layer had become a dangerous zone and there was only hope for survival by returning to the sixth layer!


 The demonic sounds had begun to spread and the warning alarms were ringing louder and louder in Secret Schemer’s mind. He clenched his teeth and exerted his final trace of strength to drag himself and the unconscious Not Immortal to the sixth layer.


 “Wait, where is Fang Yuan?” Before leaving the seventh layer, he took the risk to take a look behind.


 “Wha?!” His eyes widened as if someone had struck the back of his eyes.


 He was stupefied!


 Fang Yuan had not retreated, but instead had moved even deeper.


 “You, you, you!” Secret Schemer could not make up any words in his agitated state.


 Fang Yuan heard the sound and turned around to look at him, smiling: “It was already too late for me to retreat from where I was. But I have a life saving secret technique so I have a slim chance to survive. There is deadly danger in exploring here and I have already prepared myself mentally, so no worries. Secret Schemer, I hope we have the opportunity to meet again!”


 Secret Schemer was silent, he wanted to say ‘Oh Fang Yuan, you are dead meat’, but was unable to speak it out.


 In the end, he said: “Fang Yuan, we will definitely meet again!”


 These words had deep meaning.


 On one hand, he was encouraging Fang Yuan, hoping he could persevere and not give up trying, maybe, there was a hope for survival. On the other hand, he was also foretelling himself that as he continued to explore like this, he would be trapped in a situation like Fang Yuan’s sooner or later, and they would meet again in death.


 Fang Yuan ruminated and smiled: “This Secret Schemer is indeed friendly and loyal.”


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Secret Schemer was like this. He did not want to go out of Crazed Demon Cave, but Not Immortal and Pang Shan were pulled into the five regions chaotic war.


 To protect his companions, Secret Schemer left Crazed Demon Cave.


 Although he only had rank seven cultivation, his wisdom path attainment was very deep, he became a huge problem for Central Continent and Heavenly Court.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were secluded cultivators and did not have any blood relation, but their friendship was extremely deep, even surpassing many righteous path Gu Immortals.


 A man is not a stalk of grass or a tree with no feelings. These three with a common goal lived together in seclusion for hundreds of years and helped each other, their relationship had already reached the point of staking one’s life for another.


 Fang Yuan looked at the swaying dao marks ahead, his expression was calm and at ease!


 Even if these dao marks formed into a tsunami from the turbulence, it had no effect on him.


 Sovereign immortal body, non-conflicting dao marks.


 Fang Yuan was instead much more relaxed than before because Not Immortal and Secret Schemer had already left.


 He smiled lightly and walked forward with ease.


 He looked at the dazzling and grand dao mark waves in front of him. This was truly the most extraordinary scene in the world!


 In the five regions and two heavens, there were many extraordinary sights; some were majestic, some were elegant, some were mighty, some were exquisite. Including both his previous lives and the present life, Fang Yuan had almost traveled the whole world, his vision was broad, he had plenty of experiences and seen many extraordinary things.


 But right now, those magical scenes in his memories were all inferior to the waves of dao marks in front of him.


 “If I leave my inheritance in the future, I will definitely record this scene and pass it to the later generations.” Fang Yuan thought.



***
Chapter 1865 - New Dao Mark, Venerable Paths!


***





 



 Crazed Demon Cave, sixth layer.


 The two heavily injured eccentrics were collapsed on the ground. Secret Schemer was kneeling and healing Not Immortal, disregarding his own injuries for the moment.


 Not Immortal slowly opened his eyes, he was dazed at first before coming to his senses shortly after as he thanked with great joy: “I actually escaped, leader, you saved me once again!”


 He then asked in doubt: “Where is Fang Yuan? Wait a second, he didn’t retreat in time?”


 Secret Schemer smiled bitterly: “No. He is still at the seventh layer. But, his parting words were right, it was already late for him to retreat from that distance.”


 Not Immortal was astonished, and after a long while, he sighed: “This is life, who could have imagined that the mighty Fang Yuan would perish here.”


 Even though Fang Yuan’s reputation was so illustrious, Not Immortal did not think he had much chance of survival.


 Because Not Immortal knew the terrifying might of Crazed Demon Cave!


 Secret Schemer had calmed down, his expression was a little bizarre: “It might be unbelievable but I have a strange feeling that Fang Yuan can survive. Although my rationality tells me it is impossible and I also can’t deduce any way for him to survive, I still have this feeling inside me.”


 “Leader, you are a wisdom path Gu Immortal.” Not Immortal was also dazed.


 “Does every feeling of a wisdom path Gu Immortal have to be correct?” Secret Schemer shook his head bitterly: “Maybe, this is only my hope for Fang Yuan? He is so strong, far stronger than us, the whole world is shaken by him and even Heavenly Court is unable to deal with him. But such a character is going to perish inside Crazed Demon Cave. Sigh, maybe his ending will be our ending in the future. I must be feeling empathetic.”


 Not Immortal was silent.


 After a good while, Secret Schemer broke the silence: “Let’s go! Let’s retreat and rest properly. When the demonic sounds stop completely, we will go to the seventh layer to search for Fang Yuan.”


 Not Immortal nodded despite him knowing Fang Yuan had almost no chance of surviving.


 He stood up with difficulty but his body staggered and fell.


 Fortunately, Secret Schemer held him in time.


 Secret Schemer supported him and the two moved forward slowly while resisting the penetrating demonic sounds.


 The path ahead was covered in darkness.


 The two gradually merged into the darkness, both were moving while staggering.


 They were completely unaware that in the seventh layer, Fang Yuan was still alive and had even made a new discovery.


 “This is a new type of dao mark?” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened in surprise.


 In the dazzling dao mark waves, he started to discover some brand-new dao marks.


 Fang Yuan was no longer the same as before, he had a great improvement in every path and had inherited several venerable true inheritances. His vision had broadened greatly.


 But right now, he was certain he had never seen this kind of dao mark.


 This was a completely new dao mark!


 “These dao marks were originally still, because they were too low in quantity and scattered everywhere, they were quite inconspicuous. But right now, due to the demonic sound, all kinds of dao marks are in constant movement, and also because of the conflict of different dao marks, dao marks of similar paths are beginning to unite. This increased the size of these new dao marks and made them easier to discover.”


 Fang Yuan rapidly deduced the reason.


 When the demonic sounds had just started, all kinds of dao marks were mixed and woven randomly, complex and colorful.


 After the demonic sounds had rang for a period of time, dao marks of each path gathered together and formed a united color. It was much clearer and more magnificent than before.


 In front of Fang Yuan, metal path dao marks were wriggling around like a giant golden python. On his left, the soul path dao marks were even larger, they were like dark clouds as large as a city wall and were pushing forward grandly. Beside Fang Yuan’s feet was that brand-new dao mark, it was like a brook that was flowing gently.


 Fang Yuan stopped and observed it carefully.


 Not long later, his face was filled with astonishment.


 From the new dao mark, he ‘saw’ blades and swords, he ‘smelled’ axes and halberds, he ‘felt’ hammers and spears, he ‘heard’ darts and arrows...


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn as he pondered: “This new dao mark represents a brand-new path. This path is quite grand, it actually contains blades, swords, axes, halberds, and other weapons. If someone creates this path in the future, it will definitely encompass sword path and blade path. This new path’s battle strength will be very strong, and it also clearly has many profundities of human path.”


 But short after, Fang Yuan shook his head: “However, who knows how many generations it will take and how long is needed to create this path.”


 “Maybe, someone has the thought and the foundation to create this path, if he or she can witness this scene, it will definitely be a huge help to him or her. Or perhaps, no one in the world will have this thought, this path will always be hidden like a treasure chest buried deep underground and there will never be anyone to open it.”


 Fang Yuan did not have any feeling of regret.


 This situation was normal in the Gu world.


 There was a common saying, ‘talent is often overlooked due to a lack of opportunity, everyone needs a scout to excavate their talent’. In fact, an exceptional path needs talented people to unearth it.


 Fang Yuan did not want to use this to create a new path.


 He already had his hands full with the paths he cultivated. Moreover, creating a new path required an extremely huge amount of time and energy. He did not have such spare time.


 Fang Yuan continued moving forward.


 Along the way, he saw many new dao marks.


 Some dao marks had gathered into a ball, round and smooth; Fang Yuan seemed to smell light scent of grass from it, but when he smelled carefully, it felt like the aroma of food.


 Fang Yuan made a guess, was this the rumored pill path dao mark?


 There was also a patch of dao marks that were spread on the ground like a carpet. It was clearly a similar kind of dao mark but lights interwove on its surface to form mountains and rivers at times, and at times, form birds and animals.


 When other dao marks came flooding, this patch of dao marks became like leaves in the wind and flew away, lightly attaching onto the surface of the other dao marks. It did not affect these foreign dao marks nor did its tiny self crumble apart. It was truly mystical.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook slightly the moment he saw this: “If I am not wrong, these are painting path dao marks!”


 He had the intention to take these dao marks. But the demonic sounds were ringing now and he had no method to capture the dao marks.


 “Fang clan has Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance and that Immortal Gu House Thieves Den. If I use it, can I steal the dao marks here?” Fang Yuan’s heart was moved as he gained an inspiration.


 Immortal materials were common in Crazed Demon Cave but they had no value at all.


 It was because the dao marks in these immortal materials were chaotic and of every path.


 The immortal materials were useless but not the dao marks!


 Fang Yuan used the plot against him to his own advantage and dealt with Fang Di Chang. The current Fang Di Chang was his clone.


 Fang Yuan had plundered almost all the information about Fang clan from Fang Di Chang’s soul. It naturally included Thieves Den.


 This was indeed Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s Immortal Gu House, but it was very damaged because it involved theft path which Fang clan was not proficient in. When Fang clan obtained this Immortal Gu House, they had not obtained its complete contents so they had not been able to restore it.


 The present Thieves Den only had one ability, that was to use a theft path immortal materials as the catalyst, the theft path dao marks in the immortal materials would be consumed instantly and the dao marks in the outside world would be stolen.


 The stolen dao marks would be attached to these theft path immortal materials. In the end, these immortal materials would be filled with disorderly dao marks from every path and have no more value.


 This was similar to the situation in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Thieves Den had the ability to steal the outside world’s dao marks but did not have the method to use them. This was the main reason Fang Yuan had not thought of seizing Thieves Den.


 “But this situation is different here.”


 “When these identical dao marks gather together, I can use Thieves Den to create immortal materials of the respective paths.”


 “These immortal materials would have identical dao marks and should be usable.”


 Fang Yuan’s chest started to heat slightly at this thought.


 If this idea worked, then he would possess a channel to create endless rank eight and even rank nine immortal materials!


 How enormous was this wealth!


 Even Fang Yuan could not estimate it.


 The created immortal materials could not only be used in transactions and Gu refinement, they could also be used to comprehend the respective paths. For instance, using these new dao marks to create painting path, pill path, and other paths’ immortal materials, these immortal materials were great reference for creating the corresponding path.


 “But, similar dao marks can only gather during the time when the demonic sounds appear.”


 “At this time, there is an extreme risk in activating immortal moves. The dao marks of the immortal move can very likely turn chaotic because of the identical arrangement of the dao marks, it would fail and lead to backlash.”


 “There is no need to talk of Thieves Den, I might not even be able to bring it out. It is not the sovereign immortal body, it will suffer conflicting force if brought out and shatter!”


 Fang Yuan calmed down.


 There were huge technical difficulties in completing his idea.


 His current foundation allowed him to look down on the world, but he still did not have any certainty.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh and gave up on this thought for the moment, continuing to move forward.


 He began to move faster.


 No matter what the dao marks ahead were, they were all harmless like a light breeze to him.


 Not long later, he saw dream path dao marks.


 Crazed Demon Cave could be said to have all the different types of dao marks, even dream path dao marks were included.


 Fang Yuan stopped cautiously and probed before finding that the dream path dao marks were similarly harmless to him.


 These were only dao marks and not a dream realm. To the sovereign immortal body, it was just a kind of moving immortal material.


 If it were a dream realm, Fang Yuan would have to make a detour.


 Fang Yuan moved in a straight line, his path unimpeded.


 The ringing of the demonic sounds gave him some trouble. Fortunately, he had created an outstanding method, this killer move was specially created and could last for a long time when activated. Although with the disturbance of the demonic sounds, the long term effect became short term, everything was within Fang Yuan’s tolerance range.


 Even if his mind was eroded by the demonic sounds and he went into a killing spree, this land had no beings that could threaten him.


 Even if he were to crash onto a boulder, the sovereign immortal body’s constitution would guarantee his safety.


 There were irregular and turbulent multicolored waves in the surrounding; at times, they were like a huge tsunami, at times, they were like a group of running horses, at times, they were like a waterfall, and at times, they were like birds flying around. And Fang Yuan was moving in the middle of these.


 Were the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics to see this scene, their jaws might drop from the shock.


 This was not toppling their common sense, this was directly shattering it!


 Fang Yuan moved deeper, reaching the depths that the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics could not even imagine.


 When he finally reached the eight layer’s entrance, he exclaimed lightly and paused.


 He actually saw three paths!


 One path was filled with golden light, luck surged around it.


 One path was dark and horrifying, killing intent filled it.


 One path was humble and plain, giving a virtuous aura.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he understood: “These three paths are probably the traces of past venerables. These paths are filled with luck path, soul path, and earth path dao marks, they should belong to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable respectively!”


 These three venerables had been here!


 The mighty demonic sounds and the chaotic dao marks formed a horrifying situation, the might was so powerful that it could wipe out almost any Gu Immortal without leaving even a trace behind.


 But the dao marks in these three paths were incomparably firm. Even though all kinds of dao mark currents were colliding, engulfing, and crashing into each other, the dao marks in these three paths stood still. It was just that some dao marks were peeled off at the very edges like they were residue or debris.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes slightly.


 He knew he possessed the sovereign immortal body which had non-conflicting dao marks so he could come here, it was like he was cheating.


 But venerables were different!


 Dao marks of venerables conflicted, they could come here because they had charged forward forcefully.


 This was the supreme power of the three venerables!


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics’ talents and attainment levels were rarely seen in the world, but they still needed to look for a path to walk on.


 But venerables did not need to.


 Wherever they walked on was a supreme path in itself!


 Fang Yuan was not surprised at finding that venerables had come here, he had already somewhat predicted it, in fact.


 After all, Limitless Demon Venerable was a person of the Olden Antiquity Era, the third venerable in history after Primordial Origin and Star Constellation. His Crazed Demon Cave had lasted to this day, although it was secluded, if the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics could find this secret, what about others?


 As the supreme beings among Gu Immortals, these venerables were terrifying existences. It was logical for them to discover this place.


 Only ignorant and naive youngsters would think that priceless inheritances, treasures and legacies that no one has ever discovered before would be found specially by them.


 Humans were ordinary, but every person was unique. If you could have such a fortuitous encounter, why couldn’t others have it?


 “But, why are there traces of only these three venerables?”


 “Why did the paths left behind by these three venerables only appear near the entrance of the eighth layer?”


 There were some doubts in his mind, but Fang Yuan did not stop and jumped through the eighth layer’s entrance.


 The darkness in front of him passed in an instant, at the next moment, Fang Yuan landed on solid ground.


 “How could this be?” Fang Yuan was dumbstruck.


 Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer showed a scene far surpassing his expectation, there was no similarity to the seventh layer at all.



***
Chapter 1866 - Eighth Layer, Heaven Path


***





 



 This was a vast grassland.


 Green grass, blue sky, and white clouds.


 There was no sun in the sky but it was bright.


 There were many beautiful wild flowers that were in full bloom.


 Strong flowery fragrance floated in the wind and brushed across Fang Yuan’s face along with a light breeze.


 Fang Yuan was stupefied.


 “This is Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer?” He was astonished.


 According to the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics’ deduction, Crazed Demon Cave’s last three layers should be the same as the seventh layer’s scene, with chaotic dao marks everywhere. The eighth layer’s dao marks scale would definitely be bigger than the seventh layer’s. And in the ninth layer was the immortal formation arranged by Limitless Demon Venerable, the core of this immortal formation was the legendary rank nine Immortal Gu — Derivation!


 But after Fang Yuan entered the eighth layer, he discovered this was actually a small world.


 “Did I enter a blessed land?” A thought surfaced in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 But he denied this guess quickly.


 When he used investigative methods to inspect his surroundings, a subtle change appeared in his expression: “This world doesn’t seem ordinary, it is not a normal blessed land or grotto-heaven. This world is a little... frail.”


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking, he heard a loud crackle.


 A giant tear spread in the sky like lightning, spanning across the whole land.


 At that instant, Fang Yuan’s hairs stood on end as warning signals rang loudly in his mind!


 He felt an intense threat from this giant tear, he was certain that as long as he was touched, he would die. Even if he used reverse flow protection seal, he might only last for a few breaths of time.


 Fortunately, although the tear was extremely fast, it did not focus on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan dodged with ease when he heard crackling sounds.


 “This is the sound of a small world! It is crumbling apart and is about to perish.” Fang Yuan sized up everything with a cold and aloof gaze.


 That giant tear was enlarging and spreading continuously. The small world seemed to be cut into two and would soon split completely.


 The blue sky, white clouds, grassland, and the flowers were all devoured by the tear!


 However, there was nothing in the tear, as if it was a peerless vicious beast that was in perpetual hunger.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk slightly: “This is phantom path’s strength, a void tear!”


 Seeing this, he quickly used his methods to hide himself.


 The tear spread towards him, Fang Yuan did not dodge and instead threw himself in.


 He entered the tear but did not suffer any destructive attack.


 When the void tear had just begun to spread, it was extremely dangerous. But after its might was spread, Fang Yuan was barely able to shelter himself inside.


 The small world was becoming smaller and smaller while the void tear was growing bigger and bigger.


 Fang Yuan flew higher up along the tear and soon left the boundaries of this small world, arriving at the outside world.


 “This is!” His body and mind shook at the sight.


 He was like a water bug that had suddenly arrived in a vast ocean. This ocean was the void!


 This void was vast and wide with no limits to its boundary. Fang Yuan was an extremely insignificant existence inside it.


 But he was not alone.


 Alongside him were countless worlds!


 These worlds were like multi-colored air bubbles: some were just forming, some had grown firmly, and some were being destroyed.


 That small world Fang Yuan was in earlier was being destroyed. In just a short period of time, only two crescent shaped fragments had remained of it.


 Fang Yuan’s mouth opened slightly but was unable to say anything from the shock!


 He suddenly realized this was the true appearance of the eighth layer.


 The seventh layer had countless dao marks while the eighth layer had an infinite void. And in this void, countless worlds were being born and destroyed!


 “Eh? This!” Fang Yuan caught a strange movement.


 The small world he was in earlier had already been destroyed completely, leaving behind only a long white thread.


 This thread could not be destroyed by even the void, it was extremely tenacious.


 It was a dao mark!


 Although it was only a thread of dao mark, it was extraordinary and twinkled with dao mark light.


 “What dao mark is this?” Fang Yuan had never seen this dao mark and observed it with undivided attention.


 It was very obvious that this dao mark was beyond extraordinary.


 Because that small world had its own heaven and earth, so it had space path, living beings moved, so it had time path, there were grasses and flowers, so it had wood path, there was land, so it had earth path, there were clouds, so it had cloud path.


 But these dao marks no longer existed as they were destroyed by the void, only this translucent white thread-like dao mark remained.


 From this dao mark, Fang Yuan saw space path, sensed time path, tasted wood path, and felt cloud path.


 “What path’s dao mark is this? It actually has a kind of all-inclusive capacity?” Fang Yuan was confused, when he suddenly thought of an answer.


 “I got it, this is heaven path!”


 “Dao marks of the Heavenly Dao!!”


 He had felt strange when he moved in the seventh layer: he saw all kinds of dao marks including dream path, as well as other completely new dao marks. But there were two kinds of dao marks missing.


 One was human path and the other was heaven path.


 Fang Yuan had seen human path dao marks, but this was the first time he was seeing heaven path dao marks.


 “Other dao marks are all destroyed, only heaven path dao marks remain... What is this indicating?” Fang Yuan stared rigidly at this heaven path dao mark.


 The thread-like heaven path dao mark seemed to be floating in the wind, it twinkled with dazzling white light, and its movement deeply attracted Fang Yuan’s gaze.


 Fang Yuan was cautious and did not attempt to make a move on this dao mark.


 He followed the dao mark, after flying for a while, there was suddenly a strange change in the void ahead of him.


 Currents surged and a vortex formed instantly, swallowing this heaven path dao mark.


 The dao mark held on for a while in the void vortex before collapsing.


 At that instant, the void vortex was dyed in all kinds of colors, forming a multicolored rotating disk.


 The vortex rotated for a long while, and with a light sound, it suddenly burst.


 The void in this area resumed its calm. But a blue-white air bubble had suddenly appeared out of thin air.


 This air bubble was extremely small at first, only the size of Fang Yuan’s little finger. But soon, it expanded rapidly.


 Fang Yuan used investigative methods to check and discovered to his shock: this blue-white air bubble was a newly created small world. The land in this small world was expanding rapidly,the sky was spreading, everything was undergoing dramatic changes following some profound and mystical law.


 After dozens of breaths of time, this small world had already expanded to a size that Fang Yuan could enter.


 The small world’s growth speed had slowed, everything was gradually stabilizing inside.


 Fang Yuan entered it.


 This small world was no longer like what he saw before. Clouds were drifting in the sky, islands were floating in the air, and countless huge green vines spread and interwove into a net that surrounded this world.


 “It is the same heaven path dao mark, but this small world’s appearance has changed a lot.” Fang Yuan’s mind jolted, he was about to comprehend something but was not able to grasp onto it, like it was separated by a barrier.


 Fang Yuan had an intense premonition that as long as he grasped this inspiration and comprehended it, he could obtain a huge increase in strength. And this increase was a qualitative increase!


 So, he fixed his gaze on these small worlds, observing their birth and destruction.


 His body and mind was absorbed into it, he was completely obsessed, unable to free himself.


 “Crazed Demon Cave’s seventh layer derives dao marks, and this eighth layer derives worlds!”


 “No, deriving worlds is only the superficial appearance, what it is actually doing is deriving heaven path dao marks.”


 Fang Yuan carefully observed, usually, after every round of a small world’s birth and destruction, that heaven path dao mark would grow by a bit.


 The situation was much more complex in reality.


 Sometimes, the void vortex absorbed not just one but three to four heaven path dao marks together.


 After these heaven path dao marks scatter, the small world that formed would be more vast and have deeper foundation, growing rapidly.


 But after its destruction, it would only leave behind one or at most two heaven path dao marks.


 In terms of the total length, the length of the previous three to four heaven path dao marks was no doubt greater than the length of the new dao marks.


 “Heaven path dao marks can also be lost.”


 “Or maybe, the heaven path dao marks that I have seen still haven’t reached the standard that Limitless Demon Venerable wants.”


 “He wants to create heaven path dao marks that match his expectations!”


 If so, what kind of heaven path dao marks did he want to create?


 Fang Yuan’s mind jolted as he suddenly thought of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics’ analysis — Limitless Demon Venerable wanted to pursue eternal life, so he settled in Crazed Demon Cave in his later years in search of the correct method.


 “Limitless Demon Venerable wants to pursue eternal life, but the Heavenly Dao does not permit it. u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e states, fate Gu determines that every being in the world must die and their soul has to return to the Door of Life and Death.”


 What was fate Gu?


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth.


 Fate Gu, in essence, was a fragment of heaven path!


 “Limitless Demon Venerable wants eternal life but he is unable to bypass the Heavenly Dao. He realized this so he directly targeted heaven path and researched it.” Fang Yuan guessed.


 Limitless Demon Venerable had once attacked Heavenly Court, but he was not an otherworldly demon and was unable to destroy Fate.


 But he did not give up, instead he worked even harder and advanced forward. He wanted to find out the reason he was unable to destroy fate Gu and wanted to completely understand the truth of heaven path!


 Such ambition!


 Such methods!


 Even Fang Yuan could not help but feel admiration.


 “So how do I collect these heaven path dao marks?” Fang Yuan was extremely troubled.


 He tried many methods but they were of no use.


 He even had a premonition: even if he brought out Thieves Den right now, he would be unable to do anything to these heaven path dao marks.


 Thieves Den was only a rank eight theft path Immortal Gu House and was highly damaged at that. And this immortal formation was obviously rank nine, it was even personally constructed by Limitless Demon Venerable.


 “I should directly take the immortal formation!” Fang Yuan fell into another dilemma.


 Because he did not know how to reach the ninth layer!


 The path in the seventh layer was extremely clear, but at the eighth layer, Fang Yuan was in a boundless void without any signs and clues. How would he enter the ninth layer?


 Fang Yuan did not know what direction to choose.


 He could only drift aimlessly.


 Who knew how long had passed, he discovered a world.


 “Until now, this is the largest world I have seen. But it looks like it is about to be destroyed. Let’s take a look inside.” Fang Yuan entered this world.


 “We pay respects to the sage!!” This world actually had living creatures. When they saw Fang Yuan, they immediately kowtowed excitedly.


 “Sage, did you come to create a Dao field to save this world?”


 “Sage, please take me in as your disciple!”


 These living creatures had misty body with human shapes. They had noses and eyes and they talked without stopping.


 “Sage?” Fang Yuan frowned slightly before immediately realizing the huge meaning behind this, “That means there are other sages like me?”


 “Yes. There was a sage who wore a green robe and white headband, there were lotuses blooming at his every step, he created the Green Lotus Dao field.”


 “Another sage was bare-footed and wore yellow clothes, he was filled with compassion, he saved the Yellow Earth Great World.”


 “There was also another sage with a ferocious appearance, he was tall and burly, countless beast roars could be heard from his every action. He created Savage Wilderness Great World!”


 These cloud people scrambled to inform Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 1867 - Spiri


***





 



 “Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and Reckless Savage Demon Venerable?” Fang Yuan’s heart jolted.


 According to the descriptions of these misty human shaped indigenous people, Fang Yuan quickly matched these three sages with three venerables in history.


 All kinds of thoughts flashed like lightning in Fang Yuan’s mind: ‘These three venerables came here? In the seventh layer, I also saw the dao marks path left by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable... that means, at least five venerables have come here.”


 Fang Yuan realized a little but was even more confused.


 When he saw the three venerables’ paths in the seventh layer, he had a doubt: Only these three venerables came here? If other venerables came, why are there no paths created by them?


 “Now, it looks like that although other venerables come here as well, like Reckless Savage and Genesis Lotus, even if they left behind their paths back then, they might have been destroyed by the passing of time.”


 Limitless Demon Venerable was a venerable from a million years ago during the Olden Antiquity Era, after him came Reckless Savage and Red Lotus.


 In the Medieval Antiquity Era, three hundred thousand years ago. Genesis Lotus, Thieving Heaven, and Giant Sun appeared in succession. Long Hair Ancestor appeared in this era as well. Because he was a hairy man, he lived for a long time and had worked with Thieving Heaven and Giant Sun.


 After Medieval Antiquity Era was Late Antiquity Era, one hundred thousand years ago from present. Spectral Soul and Paradise Earth appeared in this era.


 After this era was the present age. The Prophecy of Three Venerables stated that Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be born. She would be an unprecedented venerable who would surpass the ten great venerables.


 Giant Sun, Spectral Soul, and Paradise Earth left behind their paths in the seventh layer. The paths were actually the traces of them charging in.


 They were the most recent three venerables so their dao marks could exist until now.


 And the previous venerables, even if they left behind a dao mark path, they were erased because of the passing of time.


 Fang Yuan’s doubt was resolved but he had even more questions now.


 “Why did these venerables come one after the other?”


 “Crazed Demon Cave has way too much attraction to these people.”


 “Did these venerables go to the ninth layer after reaching here?”


 “The ninth layer’s grand formation should still be working, so if these venerables went to the ninth layer, why didn’t they destroy the formation and take away the rank nine derivation Gu?”


 “If they did not reach the ninth layer and stopped in the eighth layer, why did they create their Dao fields or worlds?”


 Fang Yuan pondered for a while and decided to go take a look at these venerables’ worlds.


 He was unable to find the path to the ninth layer.


 When he was in the seventh layer, he had never imagined the eighth layer would have such a grand scene.


 Maybe he could find relevant clues in these venerables’ Dao fields or worlds?


 Even if there were no relevant clues, even if these venerables did not enter the ninth layer, those worlds could very likely have their inheritances!


 Even if there was no true inheritance, as long as there was something left behind, even if it was something insignificant to the venerable, it would be a huge gain to Fang Yuan.


 “This is interesting. Do you know where these Dao fields and worlds are?” Fang Yuan asked.


 These several human shaped mist shook their heads, expressing they did not know and had only heard of them.


 “Sage, we live in this world and have no ability to go out. The outside is too dangerous, we cannot set foot in it.”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “Then how did you know this information?”


 A human shaped mist replied: “Every set interval of time, the disciples or students of these sages will cross the void and interact with the worlds, either making transactions or plundering. We obtained this information from them.”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk slightly: “These disciples came from each generation’s venerable, what is their strength? It should be extraordinary considering they are able to travel through the void into different worlds!”


 But shortly after, Fang Yuan realized something wrong as he asked: “Since there are a lot of these disciples, why did you address me as sage the moment you saw me?”


 A human shaped mist replied: “Because all sages have an appearance like you, but their disciples are of all kinds of shapes.”


 Fang Yuan immediately understood: “So it seems there are no humans here, the so-called disciples or students of the sages are probably some other races? Like these human shaped mist people?”


 Come to speak of it, this was the first time he had seen these human shaped mists, they were neither wild beasts nor plants, they were not variant humans as well, but they had vague human appearances.


 “Sage, please save me!”


 “Sage, please make your arrangement and save this world.”


 Several human shaped mists kowtowed again.


 “Sure, sure.” Fang Yuan smiled as he attacked suddenly.


 “Sage!”


 “What are you doing?”


 “Ahh—!”


 Cries of shock and screams resounded in Fang Yuan’s ears for a moment.


 In two breaths of time, Fang Yuan captured these human shaped mist. His gaze towards these human shaped mist shone with a captivating coldness.


 How could this information gained from just questioning be reliable?


 If these human shaped mists wanted to deceive Fang Yuan, it would be too easy for them.


 While talking, Fang Yuan had secretly scanned most of the surroundings and immediately made his move at this moment.


 He then used soul search methods to inspect them.


 But the result was somewhat awkward.


 These human shaped mist did not have a soul!


 Without a soul, could they still be considered living beings?


 Even plants had their own souls.


 Fang Yuan was dazed for a moment before realizing: “It seems this small world has no soul path dao marks so the living beings here don’t have souls.”


 This was a new and interesting discovery.


 In the five regions and two heavens, all living beings had their own soul because of soul path dao marks.


 These human shaped mists, however, did not have any.


 It was somewhat difficult to search their memories now.


 But these problems were quickly subdued by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan obtained all the information grasped by these human shaped mists.


 From this information, he saw that these human shaped mist did not deceive him. Their existence was monotonous, after they gained sentience, they always stayed here until this world was on the verge of destruction. Even if the sage’s disciples had arrived here and transacted with them, it was only once, the time period was too short and thus the nature of these human shaped mists was also quite simple, with unworldly mindsets.


 Fang Yuan also discovered these human shaped mists were not an individual entity but were a part of this world. They could not leave this world.


 “These human shaped mists are quite similar to land spirits and heavenly spirits.” A sudden light of inspiration flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Land spirits and heavenly spirits were formed from the fusion of obsession of the Gu Immortal and heavenly power, they also did not have souls, but they were sentient and could undergo transactions.


 In fact, not only land spirits and heavenly spirits, Fang Yuan also had the Formation Spirit and Dragon Spirit.


 The Formation Spirit was born from formation spirit Gu while the Dragon Spirit was a secret creation of the dragonman race.


 “Does this mean these human shaped mists are the embryonic forms of land spirits and heavenly spirits? If I can understand their profundities, can I mass-produce land spirits and heavenly spirits?”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened as he saw the most valuable gain.


 However, after about half a day, he looked at this world’s destruction with regret.


 He really wanted to comprehend the mysteries of the birth of these human shaped mists, but he did not have enough worlds. He had just begun his research and had made a little gain when this world was destroyed.


 “No matter, I can continue to search.”


 “This kind of world, although rare, still exists.”


 “If I can find the Dao fields of those venerables, that would be even better!”


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan began to travel through the void and searched everywhere for valuable targets.


 Puff!


 Pang Shan coughed out a mouthful of blood and took a step back.


 He was huge, and this one step firmly stamped on the ground, producing a huge sound. If it were ordinary ground, there would be a deep crater, but in this seventh layer, every inch of soil was a quasi-rank nine immortal material, they were extremely solid.


 “I didn’t find any traces of Fang Yuan.” Pang Shan said while wiping off the bloodstains on the corner of his lips.


 Not Immortal was silent.


 Secret Schemer sighed.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics had gathered together now. They were split before as a precaution against Fang Yuan, but now after the demonic sounds ended, they immediately reunited.


 On one hand, they felt even if Fang Yuan was alive, he would be at his last breath and could never be a threat.


 On the other hand, they wanted to use their greatest effort to save Fang Yuan.


 Gu Immortal’s injuries were often very troublesome and difficult to heal.


 Not Immortal and Secret Schemer were injured, only Pang Shan had been completely fine but he was also injured now.


 It was a bad idea to use investigative killer moves in the seventh layer.


 The dao marks here were too concentrated almost like a battlefield killer move. The conflicting dao marks made it hostile to all the paths.


 Pang Shan’s investigative range was extremely limited because the dao marks that suited his path was only a small portion among all the dao marks here.


 “I know what the seventh layer looks like when the demonic sounds start. Brothers, let it be. Fang Yuan’s hope is...” Pang Shan slowly shook his head.


 “Who could have expected Fang Yuan to die like this.” Not Immortal heaved a sigh.


 Secret Schemer also felt extreme regret.


 They did not have any feeling of having gotten rid of evil, their life goal was simple and similar, they wanted to explore the ninth layer and grasp the derivation formation to thus search for a certain possibility of eternal life.


 Fang Yuan’s main body did not come out of the eighth layer even after a long time, and his clones were getting nervous.


 Fang clan headquarters.


 Divine Bean Palace floated in the air, letting out dazzling jade light.


 Right now, Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong, third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng, as well as Fang Leng and Fang Yun were watching the place from far away.


 The jade light transformed suddenly, changing into countless lightning spheres that exploded in the surroundings.


 Rumble...


 A chain of explosions sent soil and rocks flying everywhere and created hurricanes.


 After the explosions ended, green grass started growing in the sunken and pit-filled ground while young trees started growing at a visible speed, their roots piercing into the soil as they grew into gigantic trees.


 This was Divine Bean Palace’s killer move — Myriad Life Spring Lightning!


 This killer move was activated smoothly, signifying that Fang Di Chang had control over Divine Bean Palace.


 The palace door opened and Fang Yuan’s clone Fang Di Chang walked out with a smile.


 “Good!” Fang Gong laughed heartily: “Second elder, you have made a huge contribution.” Although this was somewhat worrying for the balance of the internal factions of Fang clan, it was undoubtedly very good news for the whole clan.


 “With this palace, our Fang clan can breakthrough our predicament and rise up for real!” Fang Yun exclaimed jubilantly.


 Fang Di Chang smiled: “With this palace, we can no longer be taken down. But there is no hurry, there are still some areas that can be improved in Divine Bean Palace. The most important divine bean soldiers have to be prepared beforehand.”


 “No worries, you can take any amount of wood path immortal materials you require from the treasury.” Fang Gong laughed once again, his joy was truthfully coming from his heart.



***
Chapter 1868 - Respective Progress


***





 



 This was a barren land with grey-white soil.


 The land was dry with many gullies, it had no fertility and not even a blade of grass grew on it.


 Fang Di Chang looked at this vast land and scattered yellow jade bean seeds.


 Divine Bean Palace stored many bean seeds, it mainly consisted of yellow jade bean seeds, green jade bean seeds, red jade bean seeds, and black jade bean seeds. Besides them, there were also the rather special blue pea seeds and white frost broad bean seeds.


 After these bean seeds were planted and cared for a period of time, they grew into all kinds of divine bean soldiers.


 Divine Bean Palace’s trump card, divine bean soldier, was not an instant killer move, it required a long period of time before they could form into a sizable number with powerful might.


 It was because of this that when Chen Yi suppressed Qing Chou back then and used karma divine tree to influence Divine Bean Palace to fight against Fang clan, he was unable to use this move. Chen Yi could only use soul beasts as a replacement.


 Fang Di Chang was currently planting yellow jade bean seeds.


 This was the most basic type of seed among all the bean seeds. After they were planted, they grew into yellow bean divine soldiers.


 Right now, yellow jade bean seeds were already scattered here.


 Fang Di Chang activated Divine Bean Palace, gale blew immediately and formless wind condensed into light-green hoes.


 The hoes began hoeing the ground.


 After a while, Fang Di Chang waved his hand again, rain started to fall from the sky.


 The amount of rain needed to be specific, it could not be too much or too little. It mainly had to moisten this dry land.


 The land was moistened, yellow jade bean seeds began to experience a mystical change.


 But this change was quite slow, Fang Yuan’s clone activated another method.


 The moment the killer move was activated, the land began flickering with emerald-green waves of light that constantly washed the yellow jade bean seeds in the ground like tides.


 When the yellow jade bean seeds absorbed these emerald-green waves, their growth speed rose explosively, they sprouted out of the ground and grew firmly.


 “According to this speed, yellow bean divine soldiers will sprout after a day and a night.” Fang Yuan’s clone nodded, satisfied.


 At his will, he suddenly moved back into the main hall of Divine Bean Palace.


 He took a glance at the mural on the wall and saw a change.


 The mural had been of a dry land, but at this moment, a small portion of the land was filled with bean sprouts.


 “This is a method of painting path. Divine Bean Palace contains painting path Immortal Gu, the land in the mural is not illusory. This is such an amazing method.”


 “Planting bean sprouts in this painting can grow divine bean soldiers. After they are constantly taken care of and mature, these divine bean soldiers will leave the mural and arrive in the main hall.”


 “The land is extremely barren but it is not a big issue. Not much fertility is required for planting beans, and as beans are planted more often in the future, the fertility of the land in the mural can increase and the soil itself will become a type of an immortal material.”


 “The expenditure includes water path immortal materials and wood path immortal materials.”


 The former was used to moisten the soil while the latter could increase the growth speed of the bean seeds.


 The immortal materials were all stored inside Divine Bean Palace, Fang Yuan’s two killer moves were activated by expending the stored immortal materials.


 “This effect is quite good, but the price is also significant. Fortunately, I don’t need to worry about this and can report the expenses to Fang clan.” Fang Di Chang smiled.


 Divine Bean Palace had already become Fang Yuan’s possession, Fang clan was kept in the dark and was even helping Fang Yuan in providing resources to cultivate divine bean soldiers.


 In the depths of Eastern Sea.


 Gu tribe headquarters.


 “That will do.” Fang Yuan’s clone Wu Shuai slowly stopped the killer move, his forehead filled with sweat.


 In front of him was another batch of new dragonmen.


 But these new dragonmen were not just former beastmen, there were also some mermen.


 “Many thanks to Lord Wu Shuai for your help, this is my tribe’s gift of thanks, please accept it, senior.” A merman Gu Immortal swayed his tail and slowly floated to Wu Shuai, gifting an immortal material with both hands.


 This immortal material was a lump of water that emitted a putrid smell. It was restrained to a lump by the merman Gu Immortals’ killer move. Although the merman’s hands were shaking, this water lump did not move like it was frozen.


 “So it is unmoving rotten water. It just so happens that I need it to raise army ants, I will accept it. I appreciate the gift.” Wu Shuai accepted it directly.


 He wanted to raise arrow ants, which needed unmoving rotten water.


 Ever since he started raising army ants, they were expanding with a horrifying speed.


 Other than Fang Yuan investing massive amounts of his resources into this, Gu tribe and the mermen had also helped greatly.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan’s clone did not extort them but obtained the resources from transactions.


 Wu Shuai used his killer move to convert beastmen and mermen into new dragonmen as a repayment.


 “My strength is increasing rapidly every day, the changes are very obvious.”


 “Interacting with Gu tribe has proven to be quite good, I even have a connection with the merman race now.”


 “Adding on the influence of Qi Sea Ancestor, I have an increasingly deep control over Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.”


 Eastern Sea’s Merman Imperial Court was a super force with deep foundations.


 This was the sole variant human super force in the world, it received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help and was able to develop and continue to exist until now.


 Even so, merfolk were under huge pressure from everywhere. Previously, their situation was already unsteady from the suppression of Eastern Sea’s human forces. Now that five regions chaotic war was about to start, the wise people among merfolk began to search everywhere for a survival route for their race.


 Once the five regions chaotic war starts, the previous fragile balance would definitely collapse.


 The merman race’s future was bleak, as a variant human race, they would definitely become the first target for human forces!


 A portion of the merfolk saw the growth prospect of dragonmen and did not hesitate on changing their identities.


 This was because the higher-ups of the Merman Imperial Court had always been helping Gu tribe in secret to conceal their traces. They had learned of the dragonman secret of the past from Gu tribe.


 After knowing that fate Gu had revealed that dragonmen reign supreme, a portion of merfolk higher-ups brought up this idea.


 This was the reason for the merfolk to convert to dragonmen.


 “The Merman Imperial Court has already begun investing everywhere for the survival of their tribe.”


 “Human forces have also foreseen the chaotic era in the future, they are especially wary against Heavenly Court, I can exploit this wariness.”


 “Maybe I can persuade the merman race to dispatch some merfolk Gu Immortals to participate in the war when Heavenly Court restores fate Gu.”


 Wu Shuai’s head was filled with such secretive thoughts.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 The situation was extremely dangerous and permitted no delay.


 “Little Du, you really want to do this?” Mountain Cliff City Lord worriedly looked at Fang Yuan’s clone Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du raised his head, his eyes shining brightly and his tone firm: “Yes, master! You are heavily injured, and in this situation, we cannot beat that monster. But if we let it run amok, Mountain Cliff City will be completely destroyed! Who knows how many people will die! I can only take the risk to make a breakthrough, as long as I become a Combat Beast Warrior, I can display the complete strength of the arrowtail eagle and get rid of this detestable monster.”


 Mountain Cliff City Lord Looked at Zhan Bu Du for a long while, knowing his beloved disciple had already made up his mind and that his persuasion would have no effect. He waved his hand: “Sigh, go then.”


 Zhan Bu Du did not hesitate, immediately leaving to begin his immortal ascension.


 Mountain Cliff City Lord and others watched him nervously, countless ordinary people were kneeling on the ground and praying silently, cheering on Zhan Bu Du. Many Combat Beast Envoys were staking their lives to delay the monster.


 What made them joyous was that the giant monster might be tired, its attacks slowed down.


 This was actually the secret manipulation of Zhan Bu Du, the current situation was also a plan that had already been determined before.


 “I have a portion of my main body’s memories and foundation, my immortal ascension is practically a certainty. But I still need to act like I am taking a risk, not only to deceive everyone in Mountain Cliff City but also this grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit!”


 The whole process was filled with ups and downs, causing Mountain Cliff City Lord and others to feel their hearts jump. But the outcome was without any mishaps, Zhan Bu Du finally advanced to an immortal, becoming a Combat Beast Warrior!


 Zhan Bu Du then showed his mighty prowess as he defeated the monster.


 “Wow! Little Du is so powerful!”


 “Little Du, you saved the lives of the whole city, we really don’t know what to say.”


 “As expected of our little savior, Little Du.”


 “Little Du, you might be the youngest Combat Beast Warrior in history.”


 People surrounded Zhan Bu Du and lifted him up, tossing him into the sky and catching him.


 Zhan Bu Du became a hero in the hearts of everyone in the city, he had unmatched reputation right now.


 Aside from the crowd, the injured Mountain Cliff City Lord looked at this with satisfaction, a sincere smile showing on his face.



***
Chapter 1869 - Main Body’s Breakthrough


***





 



 The eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave was much more vast than Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 After he learned there were venerable Dao fields here, he began searching for a long while but he did not get any good results.


 Fang Yuan saw the creation and destruction of many worlds and also entered some large worlds, but was unable to find venerable Dao fields.


 But he was not without any gains. These days of searching deepened his understanding of the eighth layer.


 “There is no such concept as direction in this void, like up, down, left, or right, so it is both finite and infinite.”


 “The eighth layer had only been a cave originally, but after Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements, it became a boundless area.”


 “Perhaps, I am only moving in a small circle over these days. In fact, I might not be able to find venerable Dao fields without comprehending the arrangements here.”


 Fang Yuan guessed.


 To find his destination in this void, Fang Yuan no doubt needed to raise his phantom path attainment level.


 Phantom path was only a minor path, derived from rule path.


 However, this minor path had quite an achievement.


 Phantom path focused on the illusory and reality, if one could not be hit, they could not lose.


 Turning phantom was the signature method of phantom path, when Heaven Overseeing Tower had turned into phantom, it had been extremely secure with no methods able to deal any harm to it besides dream path.


 Phantom path also had supreme profundities, just like how one of soul path’s supreme profundities was to cultivate a hundred million desolate soul, like Spectral Soul’s Three Headed Thousand Arms Demon Soul. Transformation path had two supreme profundities, one was to undergo myriad changes as one willed, the other was to gather the power of all paths into one, like myriad beings assimilation transformation.


 Heavenly Court’s members offered their own immortal apertures, and whenever they left Heavenly Court, they would be given a phantom aperture for storing immortal essence, Immortal Gu, and other resources.


 This phantom aperture was a supreme profundity of phantom path.


 And presently, Fang Yuan was in this void where countless worlds were created and destroyed. Obviously, this void was also a supreme profundity of phantom path.


 Although phantom path was only a sub-branch of rule path, advancing phantom path attainment level was essentially still rule path true meaning.


 But this path held profound depth, just based on Fang Yuan’s current rule path great grandmaster attainment level, there was still some distance before he could comprehend this void.


 Since he was unable to breakthrough directly, Fang Yuan considered for a while and decided to try from another angle.


 He willed it and activated Cooking Luck Pot, blessing himself with luck path might be able to create a breakthrough.


 Although Cooking Luck Pot’s level was rather low and unable to completely influence the main body’s luck, it was still able to change a portion.


 At least, Fang Yuan could casually change the luck inside Cooking Luck Pot.


 With Cooking Luck Pot, changing his luck was extremely quick and convenient, and Fang Yuan soon completed it.


 He inspected his clones’ luck.


 His time path clone’s luck was still the same like before. A miniature River of Time-like luck was flowing gently while glistening beautifully. When inspected carefully, there were traces of black qi forming and accumulating continuously on the surface of the river.


 Fang Yuan’s dream path clone had the smallest luck, after all, it only had rank five Gu Master cultivation and its aperture was even sealed.


 The grandest was clone Wu Shuai’s. Wu Shuai was already a peak rank seven Gu Immortal, had obtained Dragon Palace, and was currently cultivating army ants. Right now, Wu Shuai’s luck was like a roaming dragon with glistening dragon scales and dragon eyes, and sharp horns and claws. There were waves of light-blue water halo around the dragon luck and the dragon contacted the water, this meant he had obtained external help — Gu tribe and merfolk. And there was a giant dragon pearl in the dragon’s mouth. The dragon pearl contained a palace, it was actually a shrunken image of Dragon Palace.


 Another dragon pearl with a much smaller size was held by a dragon claw. This dragon pearl contained densely packed ants, representing army ants.


 The second biggest luck was of clone Fang Di Chang’s.


 His luck was rather special, it was like a giant tree, its trunk was not thin but was also not extremely thick. The tree crown was verdant and stacked ingeniously to form Divine Bean Palace’s shape. Below the ground, the tree roots were tangled with many of them exposed outside the ground — this implied countless ties of Fang Di Chang and Fang clan, an unbreakable deep connection.


 Besides these were Zhan Bu Du’s and Li Xiao Bai’s luck.


 Zhan Bu Du’s luck was much bigger than Li Xiao Bai’s, it was like a strong eagle spreading its wings to fly high.


 Zhan Bu Du had just recently become a rank six Gu Immortal while Li Xiao Bai was still at Gu Master level.


 Li Xiao Bai’s luck was like a flower in full bloom, there was even a thin layer of nectar in the stamens. This layer of nectar was the result of Li Xiao Bai’s hard effort in cultivating in this period of time. Outside the flower luck was a butterfly, white as snow, it flapped its large wings and blew cold wind while softly drifting towards the flower.


 “This luck indication...” Fang Yuan’s brows slightly furrowed.


 “Butterfly usually indicates female, it wants to collect the nectar and is also giving rise to cold wind, which means it is of no benefit to the flower.”


 “From their size, the butterfly is slightly larger than the flower. The cold wind, however, is vast and powerful, it represents a certain large trend. More importantly, the main element is not the butterfly, the butterfly is only a prologue.”


 “Li Xiao Bai’s situation is currently good, but the future doesn’t look that bright. If there is an unexpected mishap and the cold wind descends, the flower will wither. But the butterfly is so close to the flower, which indicates a fortuitous encounter.”


 Clone Li Xiao Bai was all along trying to conquer Profound Literature grotto-heaven, but this grotto-heaven was different from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven because a rank eight Gu Immortal guarded it, Fang Yuan could not use his strength freely like in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 In Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan was free to use strategies and make all kinds of arrangements. But in Profound Literature grotto-heaven, his hands were tied, and to preserve the greatest result and benefits, he could not use most of his methods.


 As such, support in the luck aspect became the biggest help that Fang Yuan’s main body could give to Li Xiao Bai.


 On the spot, Fang Yuan mobilized Cooking Luck Pot to change Li Xiao Bai’s luck.


 After a while, Li Xiao Bai’s flower luck became beautiful red like peach-blossom in spring — it was peach blossom luck![TL Note: Peach blossom luck is commonly used to describe a relationship or marital affair.]


 Transforming luck was not random but followed a certain rule.


 For instance, after Li Xiao Bai’s luck transformed into peach blossom luck, there was double the efficiency as it ingeniously interacted with the butterfly!


 “It will now depend on the clone if he can grasp the opportunity.” Fang Yuan continued to move forward.


 Luck was only a kind of a variable, when the true opportunity arrives, it still depends on the person themselves, on whether they had the ability to grasp it or not.


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s brows jumped, he made a joyous discovery not long after modifying his luck.


 He saw a giant floating fish, it was traveling in the void while swaying its large tail. Its speed looked slow but it was actually frighteningly fast.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan had seen a living being that could roam the void and escape the world.


 “This is probably a sage disciple that human shaped mist mentioned.” Fang Yuan gave chase.


 That grey fish looked like a goldfish. After it saw Fang Yuan, it was extremely shocked and kowtowed quickly: “Yellow Earth Sage’s disciple Little Flower pays respects to sage!”


 The giant grey fish’s size was comparable to a whale but it made a human sound, and it was a young girl’s voice.


 “Good, good. I have been searching for Yellow Earth Dao field for a long while, lead the way. You will gain benefits as well.” Fang Yuan laughed.


 But the giant grey fish shook its head: “Sage, it is not that I don’t want to help you, but I am unable to find the location of Yellow Earth Dao field.”


 “What? You were banished?” Fang Yuan frowned.


 The giant grey fish shook its head again: “No, no. My cultivation reached a barrier, I bade farewell to my fellow disciples and left Yellow Earth Grand World to travel outside and train myself to make a breakthrough.”


 As it said this, the giant grey fish’s eyes looked at Fang Yuan with hope.


 If this sage enlightened it, its barrier would be nothing.


 But was Fang Yuan that kind of person? He was not willing to engage in any further talk as he immediately imprisoned this giant grey fish and wantonly searched its memories.


 “So it was like this.”


 “Although these venerable Dao fields exist forever, they are always moving.”


 The giant grey fish was born in Yellow Earth Dao field, Fang Yuan saw the rich scene of this world from its memories.


 Yellow Earth Dao field was vast, not the least bit inferior to even the sovereign immortal aperture. There was a dense amount of earth path dao marks with a good amount of other dao marks as well. Its immortal material treasury was abundant and had many Gu worms including Immortal Gu. There were also all kinds of living beings, although there were no humans, it was truly a land of treasures.


 Even Fang Yuan with his current assets coveted this Yellow Earth Dao field.


 “If I can obtain the Yellow Earth Dao field and devour it completely, my assets will increase by at least three times!”


 Fang Yuan was refining Immortal Gu on a large scale, the expenditure was huge and had already consumed most of his resources. His immortal material reserve had already shrunken to a serious level.


 If he could obtain the Yellow Earth Dao field, it would definitely be a huge replenishment, like a skinny guy becoming obese in an instant.


 However, it was difficult to reach the Yellow Earth Dao field.


 There were all kinds of beings in Yellow Earth Dao field, and when Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had arranged it back then, he taught everyone with no discrimination.


 All these living beings possessed souls, and because Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had left Gu cultivation method, most of the living beings possessed apertures and had started Gu Master cultivation. The outstanding ones among them even advanced to Gu Immortal level, although the numbers were few.


 And there were elites among these Gu Immortals as well. These elites had the ability to leave the world, and when they encountered a barrier and were unable to advance further, they would leave the Dao field and travel everywhere to train themselves.


 When they left the Dao field and were in the void, they had no way to find the way back home.


 But they did not have to worry, when they have the opportunity and break through their barrier, they would see the Dao field and be able to return smoothly.


 This was all the information Fang Yuan obtained from the giant grey fish.


 This giant grey fish looked like it was easily captured by Fang Yuan, but it possessed rank seven cultivation and was an elite Gu Immortal in the Yellow Earth Dao field.


 Fang Yuan frowned even more tightly.


 He deduced even more information.


 “When the opportunity comes, they can return to the Dao field naturally — this is a saying passed down in Yellow Earth Dao field. Moreover, in the memories of the giant grey fish, many of its seniors returned like this.”


 “Looks like Yellow Earth Dao field itself possesses the ability to respond to these beings that have gone outside. Every interval of time, the Gu Immortal elites of Yellow Earth Dao field will go out to train themselves, and when their training is accomplished, the Dao field will pick them up.”


 Why was this arranged?


 There was an answer in the giant grey fish’s memories.


 This was because Dao fields did not coexist peacefully, there were wars between them.


 The living beings nurtured by the Dao fields fought each other and tried to invade each other’s Dao field.


 “Back then, the venerables probably made this arrangement when they created the Dao fields.”


 “But what benefits are there in these beings fighting each other? What goal did the venerables have?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 He might only be able to get the answers when he entered a venerable Dao field.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze landed on the giant grey fish.


 He smiled: “Didn’t you want me to enlighten you? Meeting me is your fortune.”


 The giant grey fish trembled, it stammered but was unable to say anything, it was frightened by Fang Yuan.


 Although it had not been long since it came into contact with Fang Yuan, the giant grey fish was deeply aware that the sage before it was extremely terrifying and possessed a cruel and indifferent demonic nature. He was absolutely not a good person like the Yellow Earth Sage!


 Running into him was truly its misfortune.


 “Alright, even if you don’t speak, I know your questions.” Fang Yuan had searched all the memories of the giant grey fish and was clear of what its barrier was.


 He immediately guided it in concise and easy to understand words.


 The giant grey fish’s body stopped shaking gradually as it was immersed in Fang Yuan’s words, temporarily forgetting its predicament.


 “Why is there still no breakthrough?” Fang Yuan frowned, he had spoken till his mouth was dry.


 The giant grey fish was still muddled.


 Although it had intelligence, it was not equivalent to a human.


 Fang Yuan was patient as he continued to teach it. By helping the giant grey fish break through its barrier, he might be able to trigger a response from the Yellow Earth Dao field.



***
Chapter 1870 - I Will Take Responsibility


***





 



 Profound Litef


 rature grotto-heaven.


 A warship with five decks was moving on a large river flowing towards the east.


 “The jade river spans across the land, reflecting the red jade heart of people! It is hard to imagine the unrivaled talent of Emperor Gu Wen. He could actually write such a verse when he was just seven years old.” Su Qi Han sighed while gazing at the vast river.


 She was the current imperial minister’s daughter. She was graceful, beautiful, cultured, and elegant. Besides her beauty, she was most praised for her literary talent. Her mind was filled with poems and had a good knowledge of the historical records, putting most men to shame.


 “Young miss, wind has started blowing, you need to be careful of catching a cold. How about we return to the room.” Her maid urged.


 Su Qi Han sighed but still stood behind the ship railings and watched the flowing river.


 The maid persisted: “Young miss, are you worried about the journey? Wasn’t that thief forced away by you? We have already selected eight of the ten great scholars, can’t we just choose the next two casually?”


 Su Qi Han shook her head: “You don’t understand. Choosing the ten great scholars is not just an imperial edict but also concerns my Su clan’s prosperity.”


 The maid curled her lips: “Young miss, I don’t understand these imperial laws but you must take your medicine now.”


 Su Qi Han smiled bitterly: “What effect can common herbal medicine have on my injuries? It is just to comfort myself, it doesn’t matter even if I drink it.”


 The maid stomped her foot: “Young miss, don’t try to deceive me. This herbal medicine has no effect on your injuries, but you’ve always been weak to the cold since you were a child, if you do not drink this warm medicine, your lungs might get damaged. So, you must drink this medicine.”


 “Alright, alright, bring it over.” Su Qi Han was helpless against her personal maid, she took the bowl and finished it all.


 She had just finished drinking when she heard a wild laugh.


 Soon after, a figure jumped out of the water and landed on the deck.


 “Who is it?”


 “That thief again!”


 The ship guards moved immediately and surrounded the person.


 But this person was very strong, after a chaotic battle, the guards ended up lying on the ground.


 “You are not his match, retreat for now.” Su Qi Han’s expression was solemn as she moved to the front and prepared to fight.


 The person had an ugly and ferocious-looking face, he had a large and broad body with his skin having a color of bluish black like a shark, this was the result of using shark skin Gu.


 “Miss Su.” He greeted with a wide smile, revealing his sharp teeth which made him look even more ferocious.


 Su Qi Han smiled coldly: “Shark Bandit, you lost to me not long ago, was that lesson not enough? You still dare to come back!”


 Shark Bandit laughed sinisterly: “Lady Su, I am not your match but that was before you drank that medicine. Don’t you feel your limbs becoming numb?”


 Su Qi Han’s expression changed immediately.


 “The medicine was tampered with?!” She looked towards her personal maid.


 The maid quickly shook her head, her face pale as paper: “Impossible! The medicine had always been in my sight. Young miss, you must believe me.”


 “The medicine... cough cough, has no issue. Cough, cough... but the herbs have... cough, been tampered with.” Right at this moment, an uninvited guest climbed the ship rails and stepped on the deck.


 Su Qi Han’s brows furrowed tightly, her heart sinking to rock bottom: “Medicine Demon, you are still alive!”


 Medicine Demon looked like an elderly man but he was actually only in his twenties. He cultivated poison path and blindly pursued strength, causing him to suffer a backlash which made his whole body aged, internally and externally.


 Medicine Demon’s eyes showed deep hatred: “All thanks to your elder cousin, I won’t live for long. But being able to have a taste of Lady Su’s body before I die will be worth it.”


 Su Qi Han’s expression paled as she took a step back: “What drug did you give me?”


 She felt her whole body beginning to turn numb.


 Medicine Demon laughed loudly: “Naturally — the strongest aphrodisiac! It can make the most chaste girl into the most lewd and obscene slut!”


 Before he even finished speaking, Shark Bandit pounced forward.


 Boom boom boom!


 Sounds of explosions rang as Su Qi Han was forced to retreat again and again.


 “Young miss, leave quickly, I will hold them back!” At the crucial moment, the maid stood out and sacrificed herself to stall for time for Su Qi Han.


 Su Qi Han fell into deep hesitation.


 “Young miss, leave quickly!” The maid activated a forbidden technique, her battle strength rose explosively but the outcome would be her certain death.


 Su Qi Han cried as she jumped out and ran across the water: “Shark Bandit, Medicine Demon, I will never forgive you. The Imperial Court will also execute your nine generations!”


 In a pavilion by the river.


 There were two people.


 One was Fang Yuan’s clone Li Xiao Bai, the other was his master, Teacher Jiang.


 Teacher Jiang gazed at the scene of the river in the night and said to Li Xiao Bai: “Come, write a poem and recite it to me. You have ten steps of time.”


 The ten steps referred to the time taken by a normal person to walk ten steps.


 Li Xiao Bai’s talent was not as good as the main body’s, but through this period of painstaking effort and training, there was huge progress and he was able to immediately recite two lines.


 After a while of thinking, he added another two lines.


 Teacher Jiang was silent for a while before shaking his head: “Little Bai, you have made huge progress during this time, but with your talent, you are still lacking to fight for the position of a great scholar.”


 “Teacher, I know poem composition within ten steps is Emperor Gu Wen’s test. Emperor Gu Wen created the scholar selection test, the Imperial Court will choose ten great scholars every twenty years. This poem composition within ten steps is the first test for the scholar selection. I have already passed it, teacher, why do you not recommend me to participate in the selection?” Li Xiao Bai asked in confusion.


 Teacher Jiang turned around and looked at his favorite student, speaking with a smile: “Little Bai, you don’t know the whole situation. The ten great scholars selection looks like a glorious competition on the surface, but it is in actuality a competition to cultivate future Imperial Court officials.”


 “Teacher, you are talking about immortal ascension?” Li Xiao Bai was astonished.


 Li Xiao Bai was only acting, naturally. In fact, he already knew about everything.


 Fang Yuan’s heaven form killer move was a powerful method to inspect grotto-heavens, even if Profound Literature grotto-heaven had a rank eight Gu Immortal guarding it, it was helpless against the constant inspection by heaven form from outside the grotto-heaven.


 In this Profound Literature grotto-heaven, information path was the main path, every time a Gu Master wrote a great literary piece, they would be rewarded by the grotto-heaven.


 Originally, this grotto-heaven was filled with many individual forces, with Gu Immortals establishing independent territories. But later, someone called Emperor Gu Wen appeared. This person’s natural aptitude was extremely high and had unsurpassed talent, he became a Gu Immortal at a frightening speed. Later, he made a move against other Gu Immortals, either killing them or making them submit. He created the Imperial Court and put the whole grotto-heaven under his rule.


 In his latter years, he created ten great scholars selection to choose the most outstanding talents in the whole world, giving them honor and titles.


 The Imperial Court selected suitable people among these scholars and recruited them, giving them resources and raising them to Gu Immortals, before appointing them as officials.


 As such, the Imperial Court was the strongest super force in Profound Literature grotto-heaven. Every high ranking official was a Gu Immortal with no exception.


 The current emperor naturally was also a Gu Immortal. And the rank eight Gu Immortal guarding this grotto-heaven was the retired emperor from three generations ago.


 As it involved the chance of becoming an immortal, the ten great scholar selection looked like a beautiful competition, but the hidden undercurrents reeked with blood.


 Every force contended and fought using all kinds of connections and relations, they tried to get the position by hook or by crook.


 “Great Scholar Shen who competed against Teacher Jiang was one of the ten great scholars in one of the selections. But his political talent is not outstanding, or maybe, he doesn’t have a powerful background, so he is still at rank five peak stage.”


 “This teacher of mine is also the same. He had once been one of the ten great scholars, but was not recruited to be an official.”


 “My talent barely meets the standard of the selection. Moreover, I am my teacher’s disciple and have his influence, the Imperial Court won’t like this, even if I am selected, I probably won’t be a high-ranking official. At most, I will only be a junior official who will have to work hard for the Imperial Court and this will delay my cultivation. I have no one to back me up so my cultivation will keep on being delayed my whole life.”


 “Teacher Jiang and Great Scholar Shen probably saw this future, so they were not willing to become officials and wandered outside the Imperial Court. One opened a private school while the other roamed everywhere.”


 Li Xiao Bai was clear in his mind.


 It could not be said Teacher Jiang and Great Scholar Shen did not have a future. If they could solve the mystery of immortal ascension and successfully pass the tribulation, they would also become Gu Immortals.


 But this Profound Literature grotto-heaven was small when compared to the five regions, and had very limited resources. Moreover, the colossal Imperial Court controlled almost all the immortal materials, it was extremely difficult and almost hopeless for people like Teacher Jiang and Great Scholar Shen to become Gu Immortals.


 Teacher Jiang invited Li Xiao Bai alone to the riverside and conversed with him to persuade this student to give up on the current ten great scholars selection. He was actually showing deep concern.


 He knew Li Xiao Bai’s strength was low, although it fulfilled the minimum standard, there was simply no hope.


 The ten great scholars selection was a whirlpool which had killed many young scholars. Teacher Jiang had made painstaking efforts to teach and guide Li Xiao Bai, he did not want this student to be implicated and die a miserable death.


 However, he did not know Li Xiao Bai was aware of everything, he was even clear of how to become an immortal.


 But the show still had to be performed.


 Li Xiao Bai asked questions first which was then followed by him expressing his regrets and unwillingness to give up. Finally, he solemnly thanked Teacher Jiang and said he was willing to give up on this selection, and even give up on the future selections.


 “This child is worth teaching!” Teacher Jiang felt huge relief and left with a relaxed heart.


 Li Xiao Bai moved along the riverside towards the way back home.


 “I can become an immortal by myself. But if I rashly undergo immortal ascension at such a fast speed, it will definitely make that rank eight Gu Immortal vigilant. He will definitely investigate and if he finds any clues or even has only a trace of doubt, I will be in a fatal danger.”


 This was not the outcome Li Xiao Bai and Fang Yuan’s main body wanted to see.


 Fang Yuan had used soul replacement and secretly arranged this clone, Li Xiao Bai, to save time and let the clone open the way, and even gain control of this Profound Literature grotto-heaven alone.


 Although this was only a small move, if it succeeds, it would definitely save a lot of Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


 Naturally, there was also a backup plan.


 When Li Xiao Bai grows to a certain stage, he could cooperate with the main body outside to scheme against the rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “But it is too early for that.”


 “I can be considered as having established my footing because of Teacher Jiang. I studied hard in this period of time and have gained some fame. But this environment is not enough to continue my progress.”


 “If I can be selected as a great scholar, it will definitely be a springboard for me. Unfortunately, I have no power or background, and only have a teacher. I will definitely not have a good ending if I participate in the selection.”


 “Actually, joining the Imperial Court is the best cultivation path. The Imperial Court controls most of the immortal materials, even if I become an immortal in the future, it will be hard to achieve anything further without these cultivation resources.”


 Li Xiao Bai was lamenting inwardly when his steps paused.


 He saw a person lying on a bush in the riverside.


 “Miss, what’s the matter with you?” After confirming the surrounding condition, Li Xiao Bai went to help the girl.


 When he carried the unconscious girl to the shore, he shockingly discovered this person was actually Su Qi Han!


 “What happened?”


 “This Su Qi Han is the current high ranking official Chancellor Su’s daughter, and is in charge of this current ten great scholars selection competition. She was actually injured to the point she was unconscious!”


 “Chancellor Su is a rank six Gu Immortal, Su Qi Han is also a predetermined future official of the Imperial Court, she definitely has immortal methods to protect her. But she actually fell into such a predicament, this ten great scholars selection’s hidden undercurrents are truly too deep.”


 Inside Profound Literature grotto-heaven, men and women could become immortals without discrimination, both could become officials as well, naturally. Many women were even more talented than men.


 A large number of all-girls private schools and institutes were spread all over Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 And the ten great scholars naturally were not only males and also included women.


 Just as he was thinking, Su Qi Han woke up with a light sound.


 “You saved me?” She looked at Li Xiao Bai with a heated look.


 Li Xiao Bai thought: “Why is there something wrong with this gaze?”


 He nodded his head and was just about to speak.


 Su Qi Han covered his lips and turned around suddenly, pressing Li Xiao Bai to the ground.


 “This, what is she trying to do?” Li Xiao Bai’s body tensed up, he was a little muddled, what was she playing at?


 Su Qi Han sat on his body and began to remove his clothes in a hurry.


 Li Xiao Bai was bewildered and said while stammering: “Miss Su, Miss Su, please behave yourself!”


 Su Qi Han’s movements paused as her eyes narrowed: “You know me?”


 Li Xiao Bai gulped his saliva, his forehead filled with cold sweat: “Miss Su, you are selecting the ten great scholars, of course I know you. Miss Su, I am Teacher Jiang’s student and had parted with Teacher Jiang just earlier.”


 Li Xiao Bai was truly afraid, Su Qi Han had rank five peak stage cultivation, he was not her match.


 At present, there were only the two of them at the riverside. Su Qi Han was in a strange state, Li Xiao Bai mentioned Teacher Jiang to prevent himself from being harmed.


 Su Qi Han took a deep gaze at Li Xiao Bai, an unnatural blush floated on her face as she gave a deep sigh: “It’s too late, your teacher is already far away. Right now, within ten li of distance, there is only you and me.”


 “What are you trying to do? Ah!” Li Xiao Bai was struck gently by Su Qi Han and fell into a daze.


 This was absolutely not something he wanted.


 According to his plan, he could grow stably. But now, he was like meat on the chopping board, others could do whatever they wanted.


 If his secret were to be discovered, that would be extremely bad!


 Li Xiao Bai wanted to remain clear-headed, but Su Qi Han’s methods were unique. He used all his strength to struggle but could not even budge.


 In his dazed state, he felt like he had landed in an icy cave, next, it was like he had fallen into raging waves, moving up and down.


 Then, the cave became warmer like a gentle wind had brushed past his face, light rain drizzled as it became more warm and moist.


 Finally, he felt like he had turned into a waterfall, with a torrential explosion, he fainted in pleasure.


 Who knew how long passed, he woke up slowly.


 He was extremely exhausted and a trace of weakness surged in his body.


 He quickly inspected the situation and saw his clothes were already torn completely and he was lying inside a cave.


 Su Qi Han was in the midst of dressing herself beside him.


 “Miss... Miss Su...” Li Xiao Bai barely opened his mouth, he did not even have the strength to speak much.


 Su Qi Han continued to put on her clothes without looking at him, her voice was calm: “It has already been three days and three nights since we met.”


 “Relax, I...” She paused as she was finally unable to hide the turbulence in her heart, her voice even shaking a little: “I will take responsibility.”



***
Chapter 1871 - Chicken Dinner


***





 



 Eastern Sea, Gu tribe headquarters.


 A grand banquet had already lasted for several days inside the palace.


 At this time, servants served platters of delicious roasted chicken.


 These were naturally not ordinary chickens, they were immortal chickens of at least desolate beast level. Moreover the ones that Gu tribe’s leader and Fang Yuan’s clone enjoyed were ancient desolate chickens.


 After staying here for so many days, Wu Shuai had fully realized the beastmen’s customs — eating a lot, drinking a lot, bold to the point of being arrogant, and enjoying comfort to the point of being indulgent. If you received the beastmen’s acceptance, you were their honored guest, enjoying the best wine and food. If you didn’t have their acceptance, you would forever be despised and loathed, even hated.


 At the sight of immortal chickens, the beastman Gu Immortals moved their fingers with salivating mouths.


 These immortal materials could not be eaten regularly, they were often used as Gu refinement materials, It was never so luxurious as today.


 But based on the historical records, when the beastman race was at its height, these immortal materials could be eaten casually by beastman tribes. They had been extravagant and wasteful.


 Gu tribe’s leader grabbed the millstone-sized roasted chicken.


 “Lord Wu Shuai, please look.” As he said so, he activated a certain food path killer move.


 The killer move activated, Gu tribe’s leader opened his mouth and inhaled lightly, directly swallowing the huge roasted chicken.


 Gulp, Gu tribe’s leader’s throat moved up and down as the roasted chicken went down his throat.


 His stomach immediately bulged and looked like a pregnant woman.


 Gu tribe’s leader rubbed his belly and laughed: “This ancient desolate chicken will need half a day more to be completely digested. During this time, my luck is strengthened. This is my tribe’s food path killer move — Chicken Dinner.”


 Wu Shuai nodded his head while praising: “Chicken dinner is such an exceptional ability, to use a food path method to produce luck path effect. From what I see, this luck strengthening emphasizes on the aspect of survival.”


 Gu tribe’s leader said in admiration: “Very insightful, senior, that is exactly the case. Based on historical records, when my tribe’s Gu Immortals faced dangerous situations, or a large scale battle royale, this move is the reason they managed to survive.”


 Wu Shuai nodded as he tore a piece of the chicken and devoured it: “Let me show you an enslavement path killer move.”


 This banquet was of course not simple, it was an exchange of inheritances between Fang Yuan’s clone and Gu tribe.


 Gu tribe possessed transformation path and food path inheritances and were willing to exchange a portion of them with Fang Yuan’s enslavement path inheritance.


 Gu tribe was already preparing to develop dragonmen, dragonmen were born with enslavement path dao marks and thus there was demand for enslavement path inheritances.


 Fang Yuan had no reason to reject it.


 He could exchange for the inheritances held by Gu tribe with some contents of enslavement path.


 Their inheritances were unique, the transformation path inheritance had the essence of the Olden Antiquity Era and the food path inheritance also made Fang Yuan pleasantly surprised.


 Food path was originally created by a beastman Gu Immortal.


 Gu tribe had been hiding in the depths of Eastern Sea and had gradually developed a rather complete food path inheritance.


 The killer move that Gu tribe’s leader displayed just now was one of the contents of the inheritance — Chicken Dinner.


 Because of their nature, the beastmen made their killer move names extremely simple and crude, but their effects were very practical.


 Fang Yuan and Gu tribe’s cooperation continued to deepen.


 Previously, Fang Yuan helped convert them to dragonman, now, they were exchanging inheritances.


 Fang Yuan’s clone Wu Shuai performed the enslavement path killer move, the beastman Gu Immortals in the banquet were deeply moved and cheered repeatedly.


 Gu tribe’s leader clapped and summoned a group of female dragonmen: “Lord, please enjoy the dance.”


 These dragon women were the female beastmen that had just recently converted, their dance and songs were from the olden era, full of wildness and temptation.


 One of the dragon women danced even more flirtatiously.


 The dance ended but these dragon women did not leave, instead flocking to Wu Shuai’s side.


 “Lord Wu Shuai.” Gu tribe’s leader said with great sincerity: “I noticed you have no servants to serve you, so I am offering these women, I would be deeply honored if you accept them.”


 Wu Shuai laughed heartily as he pulled that extremely flirtatious dragon lady to his chest: “I won’t refuse this good intention. My dragonman race has few people, spreading my seed is also an important task. I shall take this one as my wife while the rest shall be concubines.”


 Gu tribe’s leader was overjoyed as he raised his cup of wine, everyone present also cheered and celebrated the relationship of two races deepening by another layer.


 After the banquet, Wu Shuai took these dragon ladies to Dragon Palace and started “working on his responsibilities”.


 Not long later, Fang Yuan’s main body, which was far away in the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, received Wu Shuai’s message.


 “Marriage with Gu tribe? This is a good thing.” His eyes shined with bright light.


 Wu Shuai taking in a wife and concubines was naturally an alliance marriage. Intercourse with the girls also made Gu tribe stop worrying. In the future, if they had children, the relationship between the two would deepen even further.


 “When the time is ripe, I can use the children to quietly take in Gu tribe.”


 Gu tribe wanted to cling onto Wu Shuai, little did they imagine, this was all within Fang Yuan’s expectation.


 Fang Yuan’s intention was to take in the whole of Gu tribe.


 Fighting and killing was only one of the methods available to a mature person, there were many other ways to deal with things.


 Fang Yuan intended to use gentle political tricks to swallow Gu tribe. Although this would consume much more time, it was a tactful method that saved as much foundation of Gu tribe as possible and would give Fang Yuan the greatest benefits.


 “Gu tribe’s inheritances are truly extraordinary. They are definitely hiding even more outstanding methods. The contents of the inheritances they exchange also had a lot of points worth seeing. Especially the food path inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan had the original food path inheritance that was left by the beastman Gu Immortal who created food path, it was legitimate and authentic.


 And Gu tribe’s inheritance, that was developed through many generations of modifications, was also exceptional with many creative methods. For instance, the killer move chicken dinner that could imitate luck path effect.


 Just at the first glance, this inheritance gave Fang Yuan many inspirations. Fang Yuan sent a command to his time path clone to try deducing in this aspect.


 His main body was sitting on the giant grey fish and was still roaming in the void aimlessly.


 The giant grey fish’s aura was different from before.


 Through Fang Yuan’s repeated enlightenment, even though it had limited intelligence, it could achieve a breakthrough. The bottleneck that had been troubling it before no longer existed.


 However, Fang Yuan’s anticipated matter had yet to appear.


 Fang Yuan enlightened the giant grey fish to use it to trigger a response from Yellow Earth Dao field.


 But so many days had passed and he had yet to even see a trace of Yellow Earth Dao field.


 According to the giant grey fish’s words, this was because the timing had yet to arrive.


 But Fang Yuan scoffed as he inwardly guessed: “Affinity and timing are just excuses to deceive people. Looks like this Yellow Earth Dao field can act on its own, or maybe there is an autonomous will that saw through my scheme, thus it did not reveal itself.”


 “Let’s see how it goes after I continue exploring for some time.”


 Several days later. 

 “Where are you going?” Fang Yuan, who was sitting on the back of the giant grey fish, smiled coldly.


 He activated his killer move; a strength path giant hand flew out and grabbed a fat rhinoceros.


 “Spare me, sage, spare me!” The rhino begged loudly while struggling but the strength path giant hand held it firmly.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and pointed his finger, immediately extracting the soul of the rhino.


 Within several breaths of time, he understood all the life experiences of this rhino.


 This rhino came from Reckless Savage’s Dao field, and just like the giant grey fish, it had also encountered a bottleneck and left its world to find an opportunity to breakthrough.


 Unfortunately, it encountered Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan attacked it without saying anything and captured this rank seven rhino easily.


 The giant grey fish witnessed the whole process, its heart shaking in fright from Fang Yuan’s horrifying strength.


 “Running into me is your fortune, let me enlighten you.” Fang Yuan gave a malevolent smile.


 The rhino’s soul was put back in its body. It had learned this time, quickly kneeling and kowtowing to Fang Yuan.


 Several days went by again.


 “You can leave, remember to cultivate properly.” Fang Yuan looked at the giant grey fish and the fat rhino.


 The giant fish and the rhino said together with trembling voices: “Goodbye, sage!”


 “Try to return as early as possible, I will come back again.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 The giant fish and the rhino trembled fiercely, only when Fang Yuan completely disappeared from their sight did they stop kowtowing. They glanced at each other, both rejoicing madly at surviving from fatal danger.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan’s parting words that implied he would come back became a giant shadow that shrouded these two’s hearts.


 Crazed Demon Cave, seventh layer.


 Secret Schemer took a step forward cautiously with a pale face.


 This was already near his limits.


 “Let’s rest for a while.” Secret Schemer had no choice but to do this.


 He sat down cross-legged and turned into a rock statue to rest.


 Not Immortal and Pang Shan rested behind him.


 After a while, Secret Schemer opened his rock eyes and stood up.


 “Leader, let’s return.”


 “Yes, demonic sounds are irregular and with no set pattern, we cannot predict them now. Moreover, there has been no demonic sound for some time. This location is too risky.”


 “Yes, wasn’t Fang Yuan a lesson for us?”


 Not Immortal and Pang Shan reminded.


 Secret Schemer sighed and nodded helplessly: “Alright, let’s leave.”


 Fang Yuan’s death had made the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics somewhat downcast.


 But just as Secret Schemer was about to turn around, he suddenly opened his eyes and remained still.


 “Leader, what’s... ah!”


 “Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan? Is that you!”


 Not Immortal and Pang Shan looked at Fang Yuan walking slowly towards them.


 “It’s me.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 “This is great, you didn’t die!” Not Immortal shouted.


 “But why didn’t we see you?” Secret Schemer asked in confusion.


 Fang Yuan nodded again: “That is because I went to the eighth layer and received the reminder left by a venerable.”


 “Eighth layer?!”


 “A venerable’s reminder?!”


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were shaken.


 “Yes, I will tell you in detail later. But in short — Fate must be destroyed to obtain eternal life.” Fang Yuan made up a story as he showed a sincere expression.



***
Chapter 1872 - Fighting Thousand Transformations


***





 



 Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan was standing proudly on the deck of Myriad Year Flying Warship with his hands behind his back and without hiding his trace.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a sharp sword that pierced through the sky towards a light yellow cloud.


 “Fang Yuan, you dared to come back!” A woman’s shout spread from the light yellow cloud, expressing the anger and hatred of its owner.


 The ordinary looking light yellow cloud was actually an immortal formation.


 The formation covered a dream realm, inside which Immortal Gu Mutation and Gu Immortal Dancer Hong Yun were trapped.


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan was maintaining the formation.


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan had rank seven cultivation and was a concubine of Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Back then when Fang Yuan had been traveling in Western Desert and was chased by Feng Jiu Ge, he ran into Dancer Hong Yun and pretended to make an alliance, trading for Zhen Yuan Zi’s formation path inheritance.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was to pretend to leave. Ying Wu Xie had still been in Fairy Cui Bo’s body at that time, he detonated a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body and trapped Dancer Hong Yun and Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s will.


 Unfortunately, when Fang Yuan wanted to clean up the battlefield, Feng Jiu Ge caught up to him and he had to retreat.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had been plotted against and felt something wrong, immediately sending Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan to inspect it.


 After knowing Liu Guan Yi was Fang Yuan and feeling helpless against the dream realm, Thousand Transformations Ancestor could only make Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan construct an immortal formation around the area.


 In fact, Dancer Hong Yun, who was trapped, here might be Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubine, but he did not like her that much. What Thousand Transformations Ancestor was worried about was the mutation Immortal Gu trapped in the dream realm.


 This was a rank eight Immortal Gu!


 Back then, Thousand Transformations Ancestor inherited a Reckless Savage true inheritance and this mutation Immortal Gu was its core. Without it, Thousand Transformations Ancestor would have a very hard time activating most of the methods and their strength would also be reduced greatly.


 Mutation Immortal Gu could not be lost!


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not have Fang Yuan’s methods and could only learn from Southern Border’s righteous path, confining the dream realm.


 The main culprit behind all this was Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan revealed himself now and attacked the formation, it was no wonder Immortal Concubine Qing Lan could not restrain her fury.


 But this famous Western Desert beauty did not attack, instead she activated the formation and chose to defend.


 “Fang Yuan might only have rank seven cultivation but he can fight rank eights. He also has Myriad Year Flying Warship which has defeated Heavenly Court before, I cannot resist it by myself! The urgent thing now is to defend and stall for time until husband and others arrive.”


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan sent an urgent message for help while controlling the immortal formation with all her strength.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan’s attacks erupted on the formation, the endless silver flying swords rained down like a waterfall.


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan clenched her teeth as she activated the yellow cloud and held on firmly.


 Under the ferocious attacks, the yellow cloud started disintegrating, its size shrinking continuously. But this disintegrating speed was quite slow.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had four main killer moves; torrential charge, daybreak sword, daybreak torrent, and myriad year hunting.


 Every killer move was a rank eight move, but evidently, the immortal formation that formed the yellow cloud was also at rank eight.


 “Fortunately, we reinforced the immortal formation, otherwise with the previous rank seven formation, it would be impossible to block Fang Yuan. This is Myriad Year Flying Warship? It is really amazing!” Immortal Concubine Qing Lan was pale as she had to bear a huge pressure because of Fang Yuan’s vicious attacks.


 She had never imagined Fang Yuan to actually attack this place. There had simply been no warning signs.


 The formation rumbled as several Gu Immortals teleported to myriad statue desert.


 At the front was Night Temptress, the number one concubine of Thousand Transformations Ancestor, along with several other Gu Immortals who were all Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s concubines.


 “Where is husband?” Immortal Concubine Qing Lan’s expression changed slightly.


 Night Temptress said heavily: “It is not time yet for husband to make a move, the situation is much more complex than this. We received the order to help you defend this place.”


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan shook her head: “With just us, we are probably not Fang Yuan’s match and will not be able to last for long.”


 A female immortal scoffed: “Qing Lan, what are you afraid of? This formation is a rank eight...”


 Boom!


 Right at this time, a loud sound spread and almost half the yellow cloud disintegrated instantly.


 The female immortals inside the formation were pale.


 Night Temptress screamed: “What are you waiting for? Reinforce the formation, quick!”


 The female immortals stopped quarrelling as they used all their strength to control the formation and defend against Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 Fang Yuan was still standing on the deck, his gaze flickering sharply.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had made big contributions. In the River of Time, it had killed Qing Ye and Li Huang who were rank eight experts, especially the latter who had extraordinary strength.


 But at that time, Myriad Year Flying Warship occupied an advantage, because all its killer moves were amplified to a horrifying level in the River of Time.


 On the contrary, Qing Ye, Li Huang and the rest had been greatly suppressed.


 This time, Myriad Year Flying Warship was fighting an aerial battle in Western Desert, and without the environment’s amplification, its killer moves only had normal strength.


 It was because of this that even when Myriad Year Flying Warship attacked with everything, it was still unable to destroy the yellow cloud.


 “This formation isn’t simple, it is a transformation path Gu formation with extraordinary defense as well as having the ability to transport Gu Immortals, it is probably a portion of Reckless Savage’s true inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan thought of many things.


 His guess was not wrong, this formation was the myriad li adaptation formation of Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, it was a genuine rank eight formation.


 A Rank eight Immortal Gu House could fight a rank eight immortal formation, both sides were evenly matched.


 However, comparing the person controlling the Immortal Gu House and the Gu Immortals guarding the immortal formation, Fang Yuan undoubtedly won by a margin.


 “Someone help me quick, I can’t hold on for long!”


 “Ahh! Fang Yuan is too fierce, I can’t endure it.”


 “Sisters, hold on, I am coming... Damn it, I am about to lose my defensive position as well.”


 The foothold that these concubines of Thousand Transformations Ancestor had was slipping at an astonishing speed.


 Night Temptress’s expression was ashen as she exhausted all her strength and coughed out blood, but was also unable to hold on.


 Immortal Concubine Qing Lan was soaked with cold sweat. She was unable to understand why she was able to pull Fang Yuan into a deadlock when she had been defending alone, but now when she received huge support, they were failing bit by bit.


 The remaining rank six female immortals were sweating madly, their limbs were numb and their fighting strength had already fallen to the lowest point.


 Myriad li adaptation formation was indeed a good formation, but it was nothing against Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had time path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment, transformation path great grandmaster, formation path grandmaster, wisdom path grandmaster, as well as the light of wisdom and many methods to make deductions.


 Daybreak swords could be used as he liked, and every attack was like a probe filled with deep intentions.


 Although there was still a large distance from fully understanding the formation, what Fang Yuan needed to do was to destroy and not study, this was much simpler and straightforward.


 “Thousand Transformations Ancestor, you are still not making a move? Can your concubines stop me? You are looking down on me too much and thinking too highly of yourself.” Fang Yuan sneered and spoke.


 But he still didn’t see Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 The yellow cloud had already shrunk to a dangerous level, Night Temptress was panic-stricken and said decisively: “Sisters, activate the final method.”


 “We are using it this early?”


 “What choice do we have other than this?”


 “It will be too late if we don’t use it now!”


 The female immortals activated their final trump card, the yellow cloud suddenly emitted golden rays, although only a small portion was left of it, it was extremely firm and blocked all the silver flying swords without even budging.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, thinking: “This situation is also within my expectation. Using it so quickly, you are truly incapable! If it were others, they might be perplexed, but I have already understood its context, you are just speeding up your deaths by doing this.”


 While thinking this, Fang Yuan immediately stopped daybreak sword and sent a command to his subordinates inside the warship: “Ram it!”


 Myriad Year Flying Warship ferociously collided straight into the golden cloud.


 Boom!


 First collision; golden cloud shook, the female immortals started bleeding from their seven orifices and were struck with dizziness.


 Boom!


 Second collision; the golden cloud loosened, the female immortals fell to the ground after suffering such a fierce collision. They were panting hard, their faces were pale as paper and their gazes were somewhat dull and blank.


 Boom!


 Third collision; Myriad Year Flying Warship directly pierced into the golden cloud, the female immortals could not endure such a backlash and many of them fainted immediately.


 The formation was on the verge of collapsing, Fang Yuan retreated inside the warship instead.


 “Master, should we capture these female immortals to use them as hostages to negotiate with Thousand Transformations Ancestor in the future?” A variant human Gu Immortal suggested.


 Fang Yuan, however, shook his head.


 Just as Myriad Year Flying Warship was about to make a fatal move against these female immortals, a female immortal suddenly stood up. Her appearance had changed greatly and shouted: “Fang Yuan, you are going too far!”


 “Husband!!” Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan had been barely able to remain conscious, they shouted in surprise and joy.


 As it turned out, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had already come over but had disguised his identity and kept it hidden from all the people around him.


 He had been patient for a long time and intentionally set up a trap to seize a golden opportunity.


 But Fang Yuan simply did not give him the opportunity, he was extremely cautious and did not leave Myriad Year Flying Warship even once. He did not even make a move personally or have the thought to capture these female immortals.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a dazzling giant sword as it pierced Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 In the moment of danger, Thousand Transformations Ancestor laughed sinisterly and raised his left arm without dodging.


 At the next moment, his left arm expanded rapidly and transformed into a berserk ape’s arm, the giant arm was filled with purple-gold dragon scales.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor raised his left arm as Myriad Year Flying Warship smashed into him with a loud sound.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was thrown back a small step but Myriad Year Flying Warship was sent flying.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank slightly.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was indeed the person who inherited Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, his methods were amazing.


 He had only defended just now but it revealed many profundities.


 He had not transformed his whole body, but only his left arm. The left arm’s transformation was also not simple, dragon scales and the berserk ape’s arm were used together, multiplying the strength.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was without options against such defense.


 But Thousand Transformations Ancestor had not just blocked forcefully, but had used a technique to divert the force of Myriad Year Flying Warship and send it flying.


 “Exquisite killer move along with exceptional combat techniques.” It was only one exchange of offense and defense, but Fang Yuan was able to learn a lot of information about Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 At the next moment, he turned Myriad Year Flying Warship around and charged towards Thousand Transformations Ancestor again: “Thousand Transformations Ancestor, you finally came out, now die!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was furious: “You, a rank seven Gu Immortal, are dreaming of taking my life by relying on an Immortal Gu House? You dare speak such shameless words!”


 Fang Yuan scoffed: “Even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals died from my ship, you will also follow in their footsteps.”


 It was okay when Heavenly Court was not mentioned, but at the mention of Heavenly Court, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was even more infuriated: “Demonic scoundrel, you think I am afraid of you? You fool, only knowing to conflict with me but not realizing you have already fallen into Heavenly Court’s scheme. Heavenly Court’s members are probably watching the show secretly.”



***
Chapter 1873 - Heavenly Court’s Ambush


***





 



 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was boiling with anger and resented Fang Yuan for not realizing the bigger picture.


 Fang Yuan knew it clearly as he laughed: “If Heavenly Court comes, I shall kill them. If one comes, I will kill one. If two come, I will kill two!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s eyes widened and could not help but think: “After winning a few battles, this Fang Yuan has actually become so arrogant, or does he truly have a trump card to make him so confident?”


 Back then, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had undergone a myriad tribulation and barely survived from it, he had been recuperating secretly. At that very time, Fairy Cui Bo was killed by Fang Yuan, Thousand Transformations Ancestor sensed this but because of his heavy injuries, he could only send Dancer Hong Yun to inspect the situation. But he was worried his weakness would be seen through by others, so he handed rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation to Dancer Hong Yun to avoid showing weakness if she encountered strong enemies.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a lone cultivator and didn’t have a friendly relationship with Western Desert’s righteous path forces. He was at his weakest state at that time.


 Later, Fang Yuan schemed and trapped Dancer Hong Yun.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor received Heavenly Court’s message and knew Fang Yuan was the true culprit.


 But at that time, the dream realm had already entrapped Dancer Hong Yun and mutation Immortal Gu, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had no choice but to send Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan to construct a rank seven immortal formation around the dream realm.


 He had not expected this action to expose his state to Heavenly Court.


 Since then, Fairy Zi Wei had been actively plotting to kill this Western Desert rank eight in advance so as to prepare for the five regions chaotic war in the future.


 Heavenly Court secretly sent its members while Fairy Zi Wei schemed repeatedly to form a trap targeted against Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a rank eight Gu Immortal and not some ordinary person, he keenly sensed the abnormal situation occurring, but due to his injuries, he could only use schemes to compete with Heavenly Court.


 Both sides fought secretly, although Heavenly Court had a wisdom path great expert like Fairy Zi Wei, she was occupied with important matters. Moreover, a mighty dragon cannot suppress the local snake, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had been developing his territory in Western Desert for many years.


 Thus, after Thousand Transformations Ancestor sensed their actions, Heavenly Court’s progress became halted time and again.


 Fairy Zi Wei noticed this and took the initiative to recruit Thousand Transformations Ancestor, trying to repeat the success of recruiting Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 However, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was different from Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he had Reckless Savage’s true inheritance and was in control of the whole of myriad statue desert. He had a lot of cultivation resources and was able to financially support his concubines to become immortals.


 While Old Ancestor Xue Hu was almost bankrupt because of the failure in refining rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven. He accepted Heavenly Court’s financial aid to make a comeback.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor also did not refuse directly but promised Heavenly Court that he would consider it.


 Both sides had yet not reached the point of truly getting into an unresolvable conflict.


 Right at this time, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared and attacked the myriad li adaptation formation, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was not willing to show up.


 But this problematic Fang Yuan immediately broke the deadlock, destroying Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s plan to stall for time.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Heavenly Court’s battle was like a bomb. Both sides were restraining themselves to find a much better opportunity to use it.


 And Fang Yuan was like a spark that lit the bomb.


 The balance was broken, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had no choice but to make his move. Once he exposed his cards, Heavenly Court would definitely attack!


 Boom boom boom!


 Repeated explosions resounded throughout the area.


 Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship to fight Thousand Transformations Ancestor, after a long while, neither side could do anything to the other.


 “Heavenly Court experts are probably hiding in the surroundings and watching, even if they weren’t, this commotion will attract them.” Thousand Transformations Ancestor had this worry since the start, he did not chase after Fang Yuan and urged: “Fang Yuan, Fairy Cui Bo died because she was too weak, she died a worthy death in the battlefield. Our hatred is not irreconcilable. You must be clear that your true enemy is not me, but Heavenly Court!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor did his best to persuade him while forcibly restraining the fury in his heart.


 My situation is like yours, why do we need to fight each other to death? We are both targeted by Heavenly Court, this battle is just giving Heavenly Court an opportunity to strike us! Why do you need to be so irrational?


 But Fang Yuan was irrational, laughing madly: “Thousand Transformations Ancestor, you don’t deserve being a rank eight great expert, you are actually such a coward that you want to make peace with me? Hehe, I fear neither Heavenly Court nor you. Die!”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was so furious from hearing this that he wanted to skin Fang Yuan alive.


 Fang Yuan stood on the deck again and activated daybreak sword.


 The sword lights were like a waterfall with mighty momentum as well as being extremely nimble. The daybreak swords had charged right into Thousand Transformations Ancestor when they split into ten groups, the ten groups passed around Thousand Transformations Ancestor and attacked the myriad li adaptation formation.


 “This Fang Yuan is so insidious!” Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s eyes widened, he of course could not let Fang Yuan succeed. If this formation was broken, the female immortals inside would definitely die.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor inhaled fiercely and transformed into a giant.


 He then turned his body around, his back part transformed into a giant tortoise shell which blocked five or six groups of daybreak swords.


 Then, his neck lengthened like a snake.


 His head also transformed into a beast mouth. The beast mouth inhaled and swallowed the remaining swords.


 “Giant transformation! Whirlpool tortoise shell transformation! Divine green snake neck transformation! Taotie transformation!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was like fire as he instantly recognized Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s methods.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor used all kinds of transformations at will and with extreme skill, every transformation just perfectly shielded the formation behind him.


 Fang Yuan realized immediately: he was unable to break through Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s defense just by relying on Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Not only this, Fang Yuan needed to avoid close combat as much as possible as the other might know many transformations that could restrain Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship charging into him was what Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to see.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Worthy of being Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, alright, let’s stop here. Thousand Transformations Ancestor, we will meet again someday.”


 Saying so, he controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and activated the killer move torrential charge.


 Shining water waves immediately appeared below Myriad Year Flying Warship, the killer move had summoned a phantom image of the River of Time!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship borrowed the momentum of the river and left like a shot arrow.


 But right at this time, a delicate voice resounded through the skies: “Fang Yuan, where are you going!”


 Before the voice finished speaking, four Immortal Gu Houses came rushing from four directions along with four rank eight Gu Immortals.


 “There was indeed an ambush!” Even Thousand Transformations Ancestor got a fright, Heavenly Court’s determination was too great, such an enormous force had actually been lying in ambush.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor suddenly realized: “Dangerous! I was intentionally stalling for time but Heavenly Court was trying to use that to make me lower my guard, and later, secretly mobilizing a large number of troops to besiege and even kill me! From this angle, looks like I need to thank Fang Yuan, had he not lured out this force, I might have still been in the dark.”


 Although he knew the situation clearly, Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not show any gratitude towards Fang Yuan as he shouted: “Fang Yuan, look, my words came true!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was serious as he maneuvered Myriad Year Flying Warship to dash here and there, but its movement was all blocked by Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan did not try again, instead turning the ship around towards Thousand Transformations Ancestor: “Ancestor, the situation is like this, let us cooperate.”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor pointed at Fang Yuan furiously: “Fang Yuan, I have rarely seen such shamelessness in my life!”


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Then you want to continue fighting me?”


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor choked and forcibly swallowed this grievance: “Hmph! We shall fight later, don’t be a burden to me.”


 “I should be the one saying that. You have quite a huge burden there.” Fang Yuan ridiculed, hinting that the many concubines were Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s weakness.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s expression turned dark: “Stay further away from me, if you cross this line, I will fight you as well.”


 He was naturally still wary towards Fang Yuan and did not have even a bit of trust in Fang Yuan. But there was no other choice in this situation, he could only collaborate with Fang Yuan to have a chance at winning.


 Just like Thousand Transformations Ancestor expected, Heavenly Court had secretly mobilized a large force to ambush him.


 But there was suddenly a change in the situation, Fang Yuan had attacked and fought Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Heavenly Court’s forces did not expect this and quickly contacted Fairy Zi Wei who was in Heavenly Court. Fairy Zi Wei was exulted and commanded Heavenly Court’s forces to continue lying in ambush and watch the battle from the sidelines, waiting for the opportunity to reap the spoils.


 But Thousand Transformations Ancestor was extremely shrewd and pointed out Heavenly Court’s existence while also displaying an extraordinary battle strength.


 Fang Yuan seemed to be unable to break his defense and wanted to retreat.


 The moment he tried to retreat, Heavenly Court’s troops had no choice but to make a move.


 Previously, Heavenly Court wanted to deal with Thousand Transformations Ancestor, but Fang Yuan was a much bigger threat to Heavenly Court. He had finally appeared and Heavenly Court’s members were not willing to let him go.


 As such, Heavenly Court’s forces moved out and turned the whole situation upside down.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Fang Yuan had no choice but to collaborate, but even those two did not have any hopes for what their joint efforts could achieve.


 “Fang Yuan, you ran away last time. This time, let me see where you can flee to.” Prince Feng Xian closed in, intending to make up for his previous loss.


 The expressions of Xing Ye Wang and Wei Feng were cold as they flew in without saying a word.


 There was another rank eight Gu Immortal as well, it was a woman with a seductive body. She laughed alluringly: “You are Fang Yuan? So handsome, big sister likes you. What a pity, what a pity. Why would someone so handsome end up like this?”


 Fang Yuan paid the most attention to this female immortal.


 “According to my previous life’s memories, this woman should be Wan Zi Hong. In the previous life, when Northern Plains invaded Heavenly Court, she had awakened. I didn’t expect her to wake up so early in this life.”


 Prince Feng Xian shouted: “Attack!”


 Four Immortal Gu Houses guarded four directions while the four rank eight Gu Immortals activated their killer moves simultaneously.


 In an instant, flames erupted, starlight spread, fierce wind raged, and mist filled the air!


 Four rank eight killer moves with grand might overwhelmed the surroundings.


 “Come!” Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and directly charged head-on.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s eyes widened: “One’s nature can be seen at the crucial moment. This Fang Yuan is truly a demon that can fight Heavenly Court, he has such courage!”


 Seeing Fang Yuan charging over, Heavenly Court’s four immortals controlled their killer moves to attack Fang Yuan.


 “I’ll dodge!” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, lightly turning around his direction and flying behind the myriad li adaptation formation.


 “This bastard...” Thousand Transformations Ancestor was dazed before cursing inwardly. Fang Yuan left and the killer moves that were lured by him flew at Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor needed to protect the formation behind him and could not dodge. He gave a furious shout and braced himself to defend the attacks!


 Boom boom boom!


 Continued explosions resounded while Fang Yuan flew away within Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 “Thousand Transformations Ancestor, thank you, I shall leave now.” Fang Yuan laughed brightly.


 Guh.


 The aftermath of the battle settled, revealing Thousand Transformations Ancestor covered in soot. When he heard Fang Yuan’s laughter, he immediately coughed out a mouthful of blood.



***
Chapter 1874 - Overturning Heaven and Earth


***





 



 myriad year flying warship was like an arrow let loose as it flew to the sky.right as fang yuan was about to charge out of the encirclement, wan zi hong charmingly giggled: “scoundrel fang yuan, you cannot leave.”


 at the next moment, the sky above fang yuan suddenly transformed into boundless land, myriad year flying warship had been flying to the sky, but in an instant, it started charging towards the ground.


 fang yuan quickly stopped myriad year flying warship.


 myriad year flying warship’s speed was too fast, but the phantom river of time below the warship played a crucial role in stopping it.


 just before crashing into the ground, fang yuan succeeded in stopping the immortal gu house.


 fang yuan carefully checked the surroundings, he saw the sky had change into land, while the land changed into sky, tossing and turning around. the entire sky and earth seemed to have become a rubik’s cube, the sky and earth seemed to casually interchange their positions, it was bizarre and absurd.


 wan zi hong floated in the sky while prince feng xian was standing on the ground.


 fang yuan felt he had become a small insect in this rubik’s cube, unable to find his way. he seemed to look at the sky but it would change into land at the next moment.


 if this was ordinary ground, myriad year flying warship could have charged right through it.


 but this ground was evidently extremely firm and was like an impenetrable wall.


 “what kind of method is this?” fang yuan asked wan zi hong with narrowed eyes.


 wan zi hong replied: “this killer move is called overturning heaven and earth, to be honest, heavenly court specially designed this for you. the reason we brought it out to deal with thousand transformations ancestor was to test it in real battle. hehe, who could have expected you to be so impatient and come rushing over.”


 fang yuan possessed fixed immortal travel and also had a relevant killer move, he even had omni-directional travel, he could flee quickly at the critical juncture.


 heavenly court wanted to capture fang yuan, so they needed to first restrain fang yuan’s escape methods. previously, they had fixed space gu but it was unfortunately looted by fang yuan. yuan qiong du had collapsed from trying to refine it but did not succeed. heavenly court’s foundation was extremely deep, creating this overturning heaven and earth that could restrain both fixed immortal travel and omni-directional travel.


 “fang yuan, it will be difficult for you to escape this time.” prince feng xian, wrapped in flames, charged with surging momentum.


 “surrender now, maybe we can still spare your life.” wei feng sneered, wind blades following him from all sides.


 the other two rank eight gu immortals attacked thousand transformations ancestor.


 “heavenly court mobilized four immortal gu houses to maintain the activation of the killer move overturning heaven and earth. their true battle strength lies in the four rank eight gu immortals.” fang yuan’s eyes shone sharply.


 he did not want to have a prolonged battle, there were no benefits in tangling with these gu immortals.


 based on just myriad year flying warship and the strength fang yuan revealed on the surface, it was difficult to kill them.


 if he wanted to kill them, he would have to reveal his rank eight cultivation. but like the analysis he made long ago, once his cultivation was revealed, the secret of fang yuan’s sovereign immortal body would also be exposed.


 more importantly, did heavenly court’s side only have these people? once they began fighting, even if heavenly court did not have others lying in ambush, they could quickly mobilize other rank eight gu immortals as reinforcements.


 if this matter was not handled properly, even duke long, fairy zi wei, and qin ding ling might join the battle.


 fang yuan skillfully controlled myriad year flying warship, dodging or blocking the two rank eight gu immortals’ attacks while looking for a path to break through.


 bam bam bam...


 myriad year flying warship charged in all directions, colliding into the ground repeatedly.


 whenever the immortal gu house’s charge was impeded, wei feng and prince feng xian grabbed the chance to bombard it violently.


 heavenly court’s forces had clearly gone through a large amount of preparation, these two rank eight gu immortals coordinated remarkably; wind fueled the fire, while the fire increased the wind’s power.


 myriad year flying warship was under increasingly greater pressure, but fortunately, there were still many of fang yuan’s subordinates inside. these people were sweating hard as they hurried in repairing and replacing the gu worms in the warship.


 through many failures and his wisdom path attainment, fang yuan made out many details: “this killer move, overturning heaven and earth, is absolutely exquisite. it cut this patch of sky and land to countless cubes and could constantly change the position of these cubes. it is only a killer move and not a battlefield killer move, so its activation is extremely fast. its effect is to transform the sky and land of an area while also forming a battlefield that traps the enemy.”


 battlefield killer moves needed time to activate. with fang yuan’s vigilance and craftiness, this time was enough for him to make a getaway.


 so heavenly court formed this overturning heaven and earth killer move, its activation was extremely fast, fang yuan was not able to escape in time even with myriad year flying warship’s speed. heavenly court had put painstaking efforts in this.


 ever since fang yuan had reborn, he defeated heavenly court time and time again. but heavenly court could never be underestimated, when they reacted, they had already prepared a killer move that turned fang yuan’s most proficient movement methods into mere decorations.


 “this overturning heaven and earth has flaws when compared to battlefield killer moves. as long as i deduce its essence, i can break or interfere with its operation and escape easily. now... is not the time yet.” fang yuan pondered inwardly. he suddenly changed the direction of the ship and flew towards thousand transformations ancestor.


 heavenly court had not expected fang yuan to have a change in plan so suddenly and were caught unprepared for an instance, letting fang yuan draw close to thousand transformations ancestor.


 thousand transformations ancestor was protecting the formation behind him, letting the two heavenly court rank eights attack him wildly, but his defense was still firm and stable.


 overturning heaven and earth cut the whole battlefield, but they could not cut the area thousand transformations ancestor was in and it became the most spacious piece of land in the battlefield.


 seeing fang yuan return, thousand transformations ancestor sneered: “fang yuan, why are you coming back?”


 fang yuan smiled: “ancestor, the formation behind you has been restricted as well, right? currently, we both cannot escape, how about we join hands and collaborate? block heavenly court’s attacks for me and stall for time, i will concentrate on deducing and modifying the formation, it won’t be a difficult thing to escape then.”


 thousand transformations ancestor spat out: “as if i can trust you!”


 fang yuan was surprised, thousand transformations ancestor was not in a hurry and looked like he still had a trump card.


 an ordinary rank eight gu immortal would find this situation extremely troubling. but thousand transformations ancestor possessed one reckless savage true inheritance, be it fang yuan or heavenly court, neither could guess what trump card he was hiding.


 “you two, none of you shall escape!”


 “kill!”


 heavenly court’s four immortals charged over together.


 fang yuan and thousand transformations ancestor had no way to retreat, they could only deal with whatever attacks were thrown at them.


 both sides used killer moves repeatedly, the air burst, wind howled, flames burned, sword lights shone.


 thousand transformations ancestor felt an explosive increase in pressure the more they battled, he scolded: “fang yuan, you are still playing tricks! if you keep acting like this, i will fight you as well!”


 fang yuan controlled myriad year flying warship and used the myriad li adaptation formation to block or evade heavenly court’s attacks like a slippery eel.


 it was inconvenient to get close to thousand transformations ancestor, but the myriad li adaptation formation had a large size and could not be moved once constructed, becoming an extremely good shield.


 fang yuan used this shield to block most of the heavenly court’s attacks. the gu immortals inside myriad year flying warship got time to recover and restore myriad year flying warship back to normal.


 “ancestor, please continue to persevere, you need to hold on for a while longer. my deductions have already gotten some results, i can deal with this current predicament in just a short while.” fang yuan shouted.


 thousand transformations ancestor was not a fool, why would he be willing to act as a shield?


 he was deeply aware of fang yuan’s nature, if fang yuan deciphered this killer move, he would definitely escape alone and leave him as a target to attract the attacks of heavenly court’s gu immortals.


 so, if fang yuan could truly break this killer move, it would instead be disadvantageous to thousand transformations ancestor!


 boom!


 thousand transformations ancestor really went to attack myriad year flying warship.


 “ancestor, don’t be like this, you need to look at the big picture.” fang yuan called out.


 thousand transformations ancestor rebuked: “you are talking about the big picture with me now? without your disturbance, how could there be this current predicament?! didn’t i tell you before that there was heavenly court’s ambush! didn’t you yell that heavenly court was nothing? if one came, you would kill one, if two came, you would kill two, show it to me now!”


 fang yuan said earnestly: “i didn’t lie, but heavenly court sent four gu immortals and four immortal gu houses, i have no way to deal with this. ancestor, you really need to consider the big picture, if you attack me, how will you protect those women who love you?”


 boom!


 prince feng xian’s fire meteor struck and shook the myriad li adaptation formation fiercely, the female immortals inside the formation cried out in fright.


 persistent defense would only result in eventual loss, no matter how thousand transformations ancestor transformed, he was only one person and he was dealing with four of heavenly court’s rank eights!


 thousand transformations ancestor shouted furiously: “heavenly court, you are going too far! if there is an opportunity in the future, i will definitely pay you back one hundred fold!”


 “first, you need to survive today.” wei feng smiled coldly, as he threw an enormous wind blade towards the myriad li adaptation formation.


 “your heavenly court doesn’t deserve the reputation of being the righteous path leader!” thousand transformations ancestor shouted furiously.


 he needed to defend the formation, so he was in an extremely passive state.


 heavenly court’s four rank eights specially targeted this weakness, they had indeed shown no ‘righteous path demeanor’.


 “look, what did i say? thousand transformations ancestor, you really need to consider the big picture.” and right at this time, fang yuan made flippant remarks.


 thousand transformations ancestor almost coughed blood from anger, shouting hoarsely: “neither of you will die an easy death!”


 the battle continued, thousand transformations ancestor starting to feel a sense of helplessness, he was fighting heavenly court’s four immortals almost by himself while also paying attention to that insidious scoundrel fang yuan.


 the myriad li adaptation formation was being attacked continuously and was unable to hold on for long.


 finally, under wan zi hong’s killer move, a corner of the formation collapsed and revealed the space inside.


 “a chance!” wei feng was coincidentally above this gap and saw the female immortals inside the formation.


 these female immortals were in a very bad state, they all suffered backlash when the formation collapsed. most of them were already unconscious and only night temptress was barely able to keep conscious and hold on.


 “we can use these female immortals to threaten thousand transformations ancestor!” wei feng activated a killer move, turning into a green wind and entering the formation.


 “husband, save us!” night temptress’s aura was extremely weak, her face paled as she saw wei feng and shouted in panic.


 “stop!” thousand transformations ancestor shouted from outside the formation.


 “too late.” wei feng sneered and grabbed night temptress.


 boom!!!


 a huge sound rang as a large part of wei feng’s body flew out of the formation like a shooting star, leaving behind a trail of red blood.


 his head was being held by night temptress, his expression before death was filled with unimaginable horror!


 night temptress was letting out rank eight aura and her appearance slowly changed into thousand transformations ancestor.


 heavenly court lost a rank eight all of a sudden, the remaining three were shaken: “why are there two thousand transformations ancestors?!”



***
Chapter 1875 - Ignoring the Big Picture


***





 



 the change had occurred too suddenly, catching almost all the people off guard.night temptress actually transformed into thousand transformations ancestor and immediately killed a rank eight gu immortal of heavenly court, wei feng!


 this thousand transformations ancestor opened his immortal aperture and waved his left hand, sending all the fainted female immortals inside the formation into his aperture.


 his right hand that was still grabbing wei feng’s head exerted strength and crushed it into pieces!


 red and white brain matter splattered like a crushed watermelon.


 “this is what will become of all of you!” thousand transformations ancestor said through clenched teeth and a vicious expression. his might shook the battlefield instantly.


 he was a person who could silently endure. it was because of this nature that he did not make a move personally after fairy cui bo died, instead sending dancer hong yun to probe the situation.


 he had arranged this trap meticulously, waiting for someone to bite. the trap had come into effect and heavenly court’s wei feng paid with his life as the price, contributing to thousand transformations ancestor’s reputation.


 “unfortunately, fang yuan did not take the bait.” thousand transformations ancestor glanced at fang yuan with some regret.


 this brat was too crafty, he stayed inside myriad year flying warship the whole time, not giving thousand transformations ancestor any opportunity.


 heavenly court’s three immortals were shaken and infuriated!


 the grand wei feng had actually perished right before their eyes.


 after the shock and anger, a chill spread in their hearts.


 let alone wei feng, even if it were them, they might not have a good ending in that situation.


 thousand transformations ancestor had prepared for a long while without making a move, but when he moved, wei feng did not even have the chance to escape.


 the chill passed away and heavenly court gu immortals were filled with doubts: “what is actually going on? how could there be a second thousand transformations ancestor? even if he inherited reckless savage’s true inheritance, isn’t it too strange for a second rank eight to appear out of thin air?”


 fang yuan controlled myriad year flying warship and quietly moved away from thousand transformations ancestor, similarly having a perplexed look: “ancestor, what is going on?”


 the night temptress who turned into thousand transformations ancestor sneered: “aren’t you someone who has been reborn, even you don’t know it?”


 “ancestor, you think too highly of me.” fang yuan laughed: “if i could know all the secrets of the world, i would have already become a venerable, why would i be trapped here?”


 after denying it, he praised: “ancestor, your methods are indeed beyond ordinary, worthy of the inheritor of reckless savage’s true inheritance. you killed a rank eight of heavenly court in one move, you were much more efficient than me. this junior is full of admiration.”


 he instigated hatred on both sides, but had no doubts in his heart.


 “the previous thousand transformations ancestor should be formed by myriad statue palace. the real night temptress should be inside the immortal gu house and assisting in controlling it. and the real thousand transformations ancestor disguised as night temptress and stayed with the concubines. on one hand, it was to protect them, on the other hand, it was to use them as bait to deceive others into biting it.”


 in fang yuan’s first life of five hundred years, during the five regions chaotic war, myriad statue palace had shown its might, thus fang yuan already knew clearly about the secrets of this immortal gu house.


 different from other immortal gu houses, myriad statue palace was rather special — it could transform into all things. this palace could transform into the appearance of every statue created inside it, even copying their innate abilities and methods.


 evidently, there was a statue of thousand transformations ancestor inside the palace.


 even if fang yuan knew of this, he pretended to be unaware. you don’t know that i know this, when you think i don’t know about your secrets, my knowledge will be my advantage.


 this advantage seemed small, but fights between experts were decided by such minor details.


 how was an advantage created? it was by adding accumulations like this, bits by bits.


 fang yuan fought heavenly court and progressed until now, this was a far better result than the previous life at the same time period. after his rebirth, his step by step progress, changing the past, winning small victories, didn’t all these accumulate to become his advantage?


 it was impossible for anyone to succeed without accumulations.


 “who among you is the real thousand transformations ancestor!” xing ye wang shouted.


 “alright, i will let you know that i am the real thousand transformations ancestor, and he is my twin brother, myriad transformations ancestor.” the real thousand transformations ancestor lied casually.


 the myriad statue palace turned myriad transformations ancestor nodded lightly: “heavenly court, you didn’t expect it, did you? you guys wanted to ambush my brother but did not expect to confront two rank eights! i have always cultivated in seclusion and wanted to keep my identity hidden my whole life, but regretfully, this secret has been exposed now. but it was worth it to take a rank eight gu immortal’s life.”


 heavenly court’s three immortals glanced at each other, keeping silent. whether thousand transformations ancestor was telling the truth or not, regardless of what the truth was, the power structure of both sides had a huge change now.


 previously, fang yuan and thousand transformations ancestor were fighting four rank eights of heavenly court.


 now, wei feng was dead, but a myriad transformations ancestor was added. one side lost while the other side gained, both sides were now three against three, and they all had rank eight battle strength.


 wan zi hong suddenly laughed: “if i were one of you two, i would have arranged a companion to stay behind in myriad statue desert. like that, the ones inside and outside can respond and help each other. but now, both of you are trapped, myriad statue desert is left unguarded and is free for my heavenly court’s gu immortals to enter. ah, right, i wonder if you have brought myriad statue palace with you? it would really be unfortunate if you left it at myriad statue desert.”


 wan zi hong’s words were a threat as well as a probe.


 however, fang yuan knew the secret: myriad transformations ancestor was myriad statue palace that was being controlled by thousand transformations ancestor, how could the two separate?


 even if heavenly court had sent gu immortals to go to thousand transformations ancestor’s territory, myriad statue desert, that place definitely had no valuable things.


 but thousand transformations ancestor’s expression changed slightly, shouting with anger and ridicule: “your heavenly court calls itself the leader of humanity and the righteous path, but this is your style of action?”


 even fang yuan praised him inwardly for such acting skills.


 thousand transformations ancestor would not be able to conceal the truth for long, although fairy zi wei was not present at the scene, she would be able to deduce the truth soon.


 however, just like fang yuan hiding the truth that he knew, thousand transformations ancestor was also trying to fight for every little advantage he had.


 although he killed wei feng, he was still in a weak position.


 heavenly court was maintaining the killer move overturning heaven and earth, they held the initiative firmly. their remaining strength was still higher than thousand transformations ancestor and fang yuan together.


 wan zi hong sneered: “so be it, i will be the main attacker this time, you two support me with all your strength.”


 she instructed xing ye wang and prince feng xian.


 the two nodded without objection.


 based on seniority, wan zi hong was the highest, based on strength, this female immortal was also the strongest.


 immortal killer move — blood petals.


 wan zi hong went on the offensive, her aura rising instantly.


 she did not look like she had made any movements, but blood started spouting out of thousand transformations and myriad transformations.


 blood spewed out of their bodies like floating petals and scattered randomly.


 although myriad transformations ancestor was myriad statue palace, it had human form right now and thus received the injury of this move.


 thousand transformations ancestor quickly changed form and flew out of the myriad li adaptation formation, not to retreat but to counterattack.


 myriad transformations ancestor did not follow and stayed to guard the myriad li adaptation formation.


 wan zi hong retreated slowly without any change in expression.


 prince feng xian and xing ye wang flew out and held back thousand transformations ancestor.


 thousand transformations ancestor was unable to close the distance between him and wan zi hong, he transformed again and attacked wan zi hong with long range attacks.


 wan zi hong sneered as she used another move — helpless withering.


 the petals around her whirled down. thousand transformations ancestor’s attacks were all ruined by these falling flowers.


 “thousand transformations ancestor, take this move and die!” wan zi hong shouted and pointed her finger.


 immortal killer move — yellow flowers thinning life!


 thousand transformations ancestor, who was fighting with xing ye wang and prince feng xian, shivered. his expression changed intensely as his body thinned and his lifespan shrank rapidly.


 this yellow flowers thinning life was terrifying, it was wan zi hong’s trump card, and although it was a wood path killer move, it could affect lifespan.


 thousand transformations ancestor was struck by this move, he tried many transformations but was unable to break it and could only retreat.


 xing ye wang and prince feng xian chased after him, thousand transformations ancestor had no choice but to control myriad statue palace to take them on.


 myriad transformations ancestor came over to help out.


 wan zi hong sneered as she used yellow flowers thinning life on myriad transformations ancestor.


 myriad transformations ancestor’s body, similarly, thinned rapidly, his speed and strength both fell. but he was essentially an immortal gu house and had no lifespan. thus, though he looked miserable, it was not a big issue.


 thousand transformations ancestor was truly in trouble.


 he was unable to break this killer move, and after repeated attempts, he found some transformations that could delay the effect of the killer move.


 but that way, he could not transform casually and his battle strength was greatly restrained.


 wan zi hong’s offensive methods were extremely terrifying, it was no wonder she had been recruited by heavenly court back then even though she was a demonic immortal.


 in the previous life, wan zi hong lacked immortal gu and could only take the position of a healing gu immortal. this was not her specialty, but even so, she had healed many heavenly court gu immortals and created much trouble for longevity heaven.


 however, after using yellow flowers thinning life twice in succession, wan zi hong’s face became extremely pale. for some time, she did not continue her attack and only panted heavily. clearly, these two moves put an extreme strain on her, and the risks were also high. if wei feng had not died, wan zi hong would not have used such a risky battle tactic.


 thousand transformations ancestor was suppressed by wan zi hong and was anxious, shouting: “fang yuan, if you don’t move now, it will be too late. if i fall, you also won’t be able to escape!”


 boom boom boom!


 fang yuan made a move.


 but he did not reinforce thousand transformations ancestor, instead attacking the myriad li adaptation formation!


 without any gu immortals controlling it, this formation became a still target and was already torn apart by fang yuan in a few short moments.


 thousand transformations ancestor’s face reddened with anger and his eyes seemed to spout fire: “fang yuan, you bastard!”


 he shouted with utmost fury.


 previously, fang yuan had used him as a shield, so be it. later, he had cowered at the side like this battle was none of his business, forget that too.


 but what in the world was he doing now?


 argh!


 he was not attacking heavenly court but attacking his formation?


 this was too much!!


 was he mad?! did he not know that the enemy was strong while they were weak, why was he not letting the past be bygones and collaborating to fight the enemy?


 he was continuing the internal fighting even now, what was he thinking?


 saying that he had a pig’s brain was humiliating the pig instead!


 was he still not seeing the big picture? not even a little?!


 thousand transformations ancestor was exasperated, with such an ‘ally’, even heavenly court’s three immortals felt sorry for him.


 myriad year flying warship was like a sharp sword that pierced into the formation. fang yuan had quite a technique in disassembling formations, the myriad li adaptation formation was on the verge of collapsing but did not self-destruct.


 fang yuan repeatedly looted the immortal gu inside.


 he then targeted the dream realm.


 the dream realm turned into a pure dream reality seeker physique body. he then grabbed mutation immortal gu in one hand and dancer hong yun’s corpse in the other before entering myriad year flying warship.


 “fang yuan, you thief, die!” thousand transformations ancestor’s eyes were bloodshot when he saw fang yuan stealing his rank eight mutation immortal gu. he left myriad statue palace to fight heavenly court’s three immortals and went to kill fang yuan.


 after fang yuan obtained what he wanted, he immediately controlled myriad year flying warship to leave.


 but thousand transformations ancestor was truly furious, he gave chase without giving up and bombarded myriad year flying warship wildly.


 fang yuan had really bullied him too much, this rank eight gu immortal stared at fang yuan with clenched teeth, wanting to eat fang yuan alive.


 thousand transformations ancestor’s speed was slower than myriad year flying warship. but heavenly court’s side controlled overturning heaven and earth killer move to obstruct fang yuan’s path while helping thousand transformations ancestor.


 heavenly court’s three immortals also slowed down their attacks, happy to watch fang yuan and thousand transformations ancestor fight to death.


 “he is blinded by profits! fang yuan has made thousand transformations ancestor his mortal enemy by stealing his rank eight immortal gu.”


 “but i feel like there is something wrong, this is not fang yuan’s style. if i were him, i would never do this.”


 “wait a second, did he loot the rank eight immortal gu because he already thought of a way out? is this why he is not afraid? we need to be careful!”


 heavenly court’s three immortals conversed secretly, they were not complacent but instead became more vigilant.



***
Chapter 1876 Western Deserts Situation


***





 



 Fang Yuan secretly transmitted: "Thousand Transformations Ancestor, stop chasing me. I can find a way out of this, I will bring you out and you give me mutation Immortal Gu as the reward, how about that?"


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor laughed coldly, he replied: "Hmph, wishful thinking, if you open the way out and return the Immortal Gu, we will spare your life."


 After his rage subsided, he thought of Fang Yuan’s action of stealing the Gu, it meant that he had nothing to fear. His intense anger earlier was real, but afterwards, it was mostly just acting.


 The myriad li adaptation formation was broken, if Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to leave this place, the best choice was to borrow Fang Yuan’s strength.


 Even if he could not, he definitely could not let Fang Yuan escape.


 If Fang Yuan really escaped, he would be left to deal with Heavenly Court, in the end, he would be overexerted, even if he escapes, this devious demon would ambush and attack him.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had good foresight, his vision was not limited to just this battle. Thus, he chased Fang Yuan relentlessly, following him closely.


 As for Myriad Statue Palace, even if he left it inside overturning heaven and earth, it would only be temporary.


 As long as he escapes, he would be able to attack the four Immortal Gu Houses outside the killer move.


 The four Immortal Gu Houses maintained overturning heaven and earth, that was the biggest weakness of this move, once they were dealt with or disrupted, Heavenly Court’s battlefield that was painstakingly created would have severe loopholes, they would not be able to maintain it.


 At once, the three parties of Fang Yuan, Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Heavenly Court chased and escaped, they had many methods that created grand commotions, heaven and earth shook.


 Secretly, they were engaging in psychological warfare, they schemed and plotted against each other.


 After a long deadlock, the three Heavenly Court immortals’ expressions changed.


 From outside the battlefield, a large number of people charged in, there were many Gu Immortals including rank eight, they had four Immortal Gu Houses! The palace at the lead was lofty like a mountain, liveliness mixed in its solemnity, its green bricks and golden tiles emitted dense fragrance of plants and trees. What else could it be but Divine Bean Palace?


 The one controlling Divine Bean Palace was Fang clan’s second supreme elder, Fang Di Chang!


 Beside him, there was Fang Gong, Fang Hua Sheng and the rest.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Life Spring Lightning!


 Fang Di Chang did not speak, he directly manipulated Divine Bean Palace and shot out countless lightning balls.


 The jade green lightning balls landed on Heavenly Court’s four Immortal Gu Houses, they shook intensely from the explosions, a large number of vines grew out and infiltrated the Gu Houses.


 Heavenly Court immediately went into chaos.


 "Ah, Divine Bean Palace!" Seeing that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s creation was used against them, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had bloodshot eyes.


 "They belong to Western Desert’s righteous path!"


 "Why are they here?"


 "Western Desert’s righteous path did not come together, only Fang clan, Tian clan, Dong clan, Shi clan, and Tang clan are here."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals immediately realized who had arrived.


 After Fang Di Chang refined Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan’s difficulties were resolved, Fang clan’s rise was already unstoppable.


 As long as they showed Divine Bean Palace, Western Desert’s righteous path would understand reality and change their stance.


 Fang Di Chang used this chance to secretly contact Western Desert’s righteous path.


 To cooperate with his main body, he had to act quickly while keeping it a secret.


 Eventually, he only gathered four super clans, Tian clan, Dong clan, Shi clan, and Tang clan.


 This level of strength was already enough to change the situation!


 Heavenly Court was caught by surprise, their arrangements were strong on the inside but weak on the outside. Divine Bean Palace displayed terrifying might, Heavenly Court’s four Immortal Gu Houses were shaking intensely, they were greatly disadvantaged.


 The killer move overturning heaven and earth was also severely disrupted, it could not be sustained perfectly.


 "To think it was so convenient!" Fang Yuan laughed loudly as he escaped outside using the exposed route.


 "Where are you going!" Thousand Transformations Ancestor chased him relentlessly.


 Fang Yuan turned around as he sneered: "You really think I’m afraid of you?"


 Myriad Year Flying Warship suddenly turned around as daybreak swords shot out like a torrent.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor shouted in anger but he could not defend against the full power of this rank eight Immortal Gu House, he was forced back into overturning heaven and earth.


 He was trapped again.


 "I’m leaving!" Fang Yuan laughed heartily as Myriad Year Flying Warship tore through the air, vanishing rapidly.


 Western Desert’s righteous path went into a commotion, some wanted to stop Fang Yuan but Fang Di Chang stopped them in a justified tone: "Let Fang Yuan go, he is the enemy of Heavenly Court, it will be helpful to us in the future!"


 Fang Di Chang led the allied forces to fight against Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was in an awkward state now, there was Thousand Transformations Ancestor inside and Western Desert’s righteous path outside.


 Xing Ye Wang shouted in anger: "Western Desert’s immortals, you are the shame of the righteous path, you are publicly helping demonic path Gu Immortals."


 Fang Di Chang sneered and replied: "The great Heavenly Court is far more shameless than us. You were the ones who took in that Western Desert demoness Wan Zi Hong yourselves, but you want to accuse us instead?"


 Xing Ye Wang was stupefied and speechless.


 Prince Feng Xian had a cold tone: "Are you really going to stand at odds against us, Heavenly Court, today?"


 Fang Di Chang replied: "Not long ago, our Fang clan got into a dangerous situation, your Heavenly Court were the ones who added fuel to the fire, you have great ambitions. Do you really think Western Desert has no intelligent or outstanding people? When the regional walls vanish and the five regions become one, will Western Desert let you treat us as meat on the chopping block?"


 Prince Feng Xian snorted coldly, he stopped speaking.


 "Hehehe, to think that Western Desert would have such an interesting junior." Wan Zi Hong’s face regained a bit of color as she looked towards Divine Bean Palace with interest, she said: "We will retreat."


 There was no helping it, retreating was the best option.


 Heavenly Court retreated with composure and order, they were not anxious.


 "No need to chase them." Fang Di Chang said.


 This made all of the Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief. After all, they did not want to fight with Heavenly Court to the end, if their losses were huge, the other Western Desert super forces would benefit.


 Only Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Western Desert’s righteous path were left.


 The door of Divine Bean Palace opened as Fang Di Chang stepped outside, smiling: "Thousand Transformations Ancestor, we have a common enemy. Not long after, the five regions will merge, the Gu Immortal world will face an unprecedented great era. We are willing to join forces with you and resist the enemy, what do you think about that?"


 "This person can see the big picture!" Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s eyes shined, he nodded as he remembered Fang Di Chang’s words in his heart: "I will look for you."


 "Good, with your help, Heavenly Court will definitely have an even tougher time." Fang Di Chang clapped and he laughed loudly.


 "Let’s go." He ordered as Western Desert’s righteous path allied forces left together.


 They came quickly and left just as quickly.


 But the Western Desert Gu Immortals had extremely excited faces.


 Because they defeated Heavenly Court!


 This was Heavenly Court!


 Only Fang Gong had a look of worry.


 He looked at the confident Fang Di Chang beside him leading the army as he, the first supreme elder, became an accompaniment.


 He felt immense pressure.


 "But so what?"


 "Fang Di Chang and I merely have internal conflict. Fang clan’s rise to become the leader of Western Desert’s righteous path and defeating Heavenly Court is an external matter. How can I focus on internal conflict and cause harm to Fang clan? Even if my authority is taken in the future, our Fang clan will still be the Fang clan of Fang clansmen!"


 Fang Di Chang knew that even though they had no physical gains in this battle, Fang clan’s rise was already undeniable! Fang Di Chang obtained the greatest political wealth in his entire life!


 The clans who came were originally disunited, they were only joined together forcefully. But after this battle, the glory turned into cohesiveness as these five clans started to unite. As for Fang clan, it was the leader of this group that sought benefits!


 "Fang clan’s Fang Di Chang, he is truly a formidable person." Thousand Transformations Ancestor watched Western Desert’s righteous path leave as he sighed to himself.


 Myriad Statue Palace returned to him without making a sound.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor looked at the directions where Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court escaped, he gritted his teeth: "Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court, just you wait!"


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1877 Li Xiao Bais Promotion


***





 



 Fang Yuan looked at the mutation Immortal Gu in his hands.


 This Immortal Gu had a peculiar shape, it had the body of a longhorn beetle, it had eight spider-like legs, it had a rhinoceros beetle horn on its head, it had cicada wings and two mantis arms. Its tail shined brightly like a firefly, but the light was a rainbow color.


 Mutation Immortal Gu was the possession of Thousand Transformations Ancestor, but this was not a problem for Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan left the battlefield, he refined this rank eight Immortal Gu during the time he traveled.


 There was no need to mention Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s anger after sensing this, Fang Yuan tried several times and found out the effects of mutation Immortal Gu.


 This was an offensive Immortal Gu, it had great power, it could mutate a portion of the enemy’s body, it dominated rank sevens and could give huge problems to immemorial desolate beasts.


 It could also be used on oneself to add transformations to one’s transformations. For example, if Fang Yuan turns into a tiger, after using mutation Immortal Gu, he could gain two wings on his tiger body, he might get a third eye on his tiger head, he might even grow a scorpion stinger at the end of his tail.


 Of course, these were positive mutations.


 There could also be detrimental mutations.


 For example, the tiger’s stomach might grow an elephant leg that is much longer than the tiger’s entire body. The tiger’s back might gain a butthole, it would be an obvious weakness that the enemy would target.


 Using mutation Immortal Gu alone would have mixed effects, it was risky.


 Because this Immortal Gu was rank eight, it would trigger rank eight level mutations, there would be huge effects on the body.


 Thus, to play safe, he had to use other supplementary Gu worms with mutation Immortal Gu to form killer moves.


 Using these moves to amplify oneself was the least risky way.


 Other than attacking enemies with mutation Immortal Gu, it could also be used to manage the immortal aperture. 

 Using it as the core to display a killer move or immortal formation, it would cause more mutations to the lifeforms within the immortal aperture. Ordinary beasts would gradually grow into mutated beasts.


 Of course, these mutated beasts could also be crippled, but due to natural selection, they would slowly phase out of existence.


 As for those powerful mutated beasts, they would survive and reproduce, creating a brand new species.


 Normally, these mutated lifeforms would develop into the specialty resource of a certain immortal aperture, they would not exist elsewhere. If they were well received in the market, this would become the Gu Immortals’ long term income source, they would gain a huge profit from this over time.


 "Mutation Immortal Gu has such a comprehensive effect, it should be one of the core Immortal Gu of Reckless Savage’s true inheritance. No wonder Thousand Transformations Ancestor became so nervous after losing it." Fang Yuan thought.


 Other than mutation Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan also gained several other Immortal Gu.


 Most were transformation path Immortal Gu, there was also a rank seven rule path Immortal Gu — Pass.


 This was an insect that seemed like a flightless cockroach, it had the size of a fetus’ fist, it was flat and shining in a metallic color, giving off a feeling of toughness.


 Back then, when Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan first set an immortal formation, it was the core of it.


 Feng Jiu Ge was hidden nearby, he saw this Immortal Gu and wanted to obtain it.


 This Immortal Gu had great value to him.


 To think that in the end, this Immortal Gu would end up with Fang Yuan.


 "Just these Immortal Gu and Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s methods show how powerful Reckless Savage’s true inheritance is. It is a pity, I can’t act rashly."


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor had only gone through one myriad tribulation, his dao marks could not compare to Fang Yuan. But he had many methods and was a person with great endurance and acting skills, Wei Feng was done in by him. This was unless Fang Yuan could lure him into a battlefield killer move.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor still had Myriad Statue Palace guarding him, this rank eight Immortal Gu House had shocking strength, it could transform into Thousand Transformations Ancestor at crucial moments to deceive enemies, it was quite an obstacle.


 It was not easy to scheme against him.


 Looking at Heavenly Court, they planned for so long and used overturning heaven and earth killer move, they mobilized four rank eights but ended up with no gains.


 And most crucially, Fang Yuan could not display his true battle strength.


 A little impatience will spoil great plans, if the secret that he had become rank eight gets exposed, the detriment would be huge.


 Thus, when dealing with the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, he was very careful.


 Fang Yuan was looking at the big picture.


 "The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention is approaching."


 "Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world has Longevity Heaven, Southern Border has the ambitious Wu Yong, Eastern Sea is led by my Qi Sea Ancestor identity, Western Desert has Fang clan and Tang clan that I can make use of."


 "I can already see the situation of four regions attacking Central Continent."


 This was something Fang Yuan had been planning since rebirth.


 Finally, at this moment, he could see some results from his work.


 Fang Yuan was no longer just a single rank eight Gu Immortal, he had outstanding subordinates, he had many talented people under him.


 He was also not just a normal super force, he plotted against the world, using everyone as his pawns to get rid of his biggest obstacle, Heavenly Court.


 Heaven’s will made use of him, Spectral Soul made use of him, Red Lotus Demon Venerable made use of him, Chu Du made use of him, Lang Ya land spirit made use of him... but now, he was finally one of the chess players.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 "Did I see wrongly? Why is my student’s name on the list of the ten great scholars?" Teacher Jiang looked at this information, he felt deeply shocked, he was stunned.


 "Teacher, are you inside? Your student Li Xiao Bai would like to see you." At this moment, Li Xiao Bai’s voice resounded from outside the door.


 Teacher Jiang quickly opened the door: "Come in, tell me, what is going on?"


 Li Xiao Bai went through deep consideration and made up his mind, he told everything that had happened that night to Teacher Jiang.


 He was very troubled: "Teacher, you need to help me."


 Teacher Jiang heard this as he looked at Li Xiao Bai blankly, his expression turned weird, he shook his head in a seemingly smiling expression: "Oh you, I have no idea what to say about this."


 In Teacher Jiang’s perspective, Li Xiao Bai had no hope of becoming one of the ten great scholars.


 But when luck came approaching, it could not be stopped.


 His great luck made even Teacher Jiang feel a bit of envy and jealousy in his heart.


 "After the matter, Lady Su Qi Han tested me before informing me that I will become one of the ten great scholars. I received your guidance and did not dare to be arrogant, I quickly rejected her but Lady Su Qi Han made up her mind already, I was helpless against her, after all, the weak cannot contend with the strong." Li Xiao Bai expressed his sadness.


 "Your encounter would make everyone jealous, you want to reject it?" Teacher Jiang smiled.


 "Teacher, stop making fun of me. I came here to ask you to save my life. I do not have enough talent, becoming one of the ten great scholars would simply push me into the pit of doom." Li Xiao Bai cupped his fists and said.


 Teacher Jiang stopped smiling, he nodded: "Yes, you are neither arrogant nor prideful, you can see reality. Clearly, I did not waste my time teaching you. But you are overthinking this, before becoming one of the ten great scholars, if you try to compete for a spot, you will face great danger. But now that you are already one of them, the Imperial Court will defend you. Whoever tries to harm you will also be attacking the reputation of the Imperial Court, do you understand this?"


 Li Xiao Bai shook his head: "But I still feel very worried. Compared to the other nine, I am less renowned, people might come after me. Also, after that matter happened, Lady Su Qi Han is also being extremely strict towards me."


 Teacher Jiang nodded again: "Even though I am here, I have heard of this junior Su Qi Han, she has immense talent and a prideful nature. Since she wants to take responsibility for you... I am sure she wants to marry you, I mean, she wants you to marry into Su clan."


 "She is one of the most famous female scholars, her husband has to match her talent. But she will not act blindly, she wants to test you first, after seeing that you have some talent, she nominated you. In the future, she will pave the way for you and help you to advance even further."


 Saying so, Teacher Jiang looked at Li Xiao Bai with a complex expression.


 He was also one of the ten great scholars in the past, he was proud of his talent and looked down on everyone. But reality was cruel, there was only one road of advancement, countless people wanted to fight for it.


 He could not compete against them, after a long time, even though his reputation spread widely, he was only famous outside of the Imperial Court.


 To think that his student who had inferior talent, background, and network would succeed due to immensely good luck!


 For an absurd reason, he became Su Qi Han’s man and was greatly supported by her!


 Forget about Su Qi Han herself, but she was backed by Su clan, her father was the Court’s Chancellor Su, Li Xiao Bai gained a huge background all of a sudden.


 "To speak the truth, I was quite happy initially, but recently, I felt something amiss, I am getting more fearful. Lady Su Qi Han has so many admirers, this matter... cannot be known to anyone else, all of these young talented geniuses will hate me for becoming Lady Su’s lover. Especially after the selection of the ten great scholars, I will need to enter the Court and meet the Emperor, along the way to the Imperial City, what should I do? I am helpless now, I need your help, teacher." Li Xiao Bai sighed deeply.


 Teacher Jiang was a little unhappy, he grunted lightly: "Xiao Bai, don’t look down on yourself, you have enough talent, do you think my teaching was a waste? As my student, when others target you, they need to consider my reputation as well. How about this... I will write a few recommendation letters for you, go visit them and they will provide you some help along the way."


 Saying so, he paused a bit as Teacher Jiang made up his mind: "You can stay here for a few days, I will impart some of my methods to you."


 Li Xiao Bai was overjoyed, he quickly bowed deeply: "This student thanks teacher!"


 Su Qi Han wanted him to keep this a secret but Li Xiao Bai did not really care about that.


 After the time was right, he immediately told the secret to Teacher Jiang, he seemed to be asking for help but he was actually displaying his own value.


 Teacher Jiang was excluded from the Imperial Court, he could not enter the core, seeing that his student had a high chance of getting in, if his student becomes famous in the future, would he forget this valuable teacher?


 Impossible!


 Teacher Jiang was extremely familiar with Li Xiao Bai’s nature, he was not an ungrateful person.


 Even if he wants to disregard him in the future, he would be subject to public opinion, he would not dare to ignore this benefactor and teacher. The higher Li Xiao Bai’s status, the more he would treasure his reputation, and the more he would repay this teacher.


 Thinking of this, Teacher Jiang decided to do his best and use all his resources to help this student gain success and status.


 His student’s success would also be his own success!


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1878 World Savior Little Du


***





 



 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, Sacred Eagle City.


 In terms of size, Sacred Eagle City was much larger than Mountain Cliff City. Mountain Cliff City was only a sub-city but Sacred Eagle City was one of the main cities.


 In the previous life, when Fang Yuan attacked Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, he turned into the bull demon and first landed in this city.


 In this life, Sacred Eagle City was currently in a terrible situation.


 The entire city turned into a swamp kingdom, yellow soil crocodiles moved around in the swamp, hunting the people in the city.


 Eagle Warrior defended this place. he was strong but he was currently heavily injured.


 An immemorial desolate eagle had injured him, it was still flying in the sky, if any warrior appeared, it would dive down and attack.


 "How could this happen!" Eagle Warrior was bathed in blood, he lay in the mud as he watched his people get slaughtered, he was furious and shocked.


 Nobody could imagine that such a large group of fierce beasts would attack Sacred Eagle City all of the sudden.


 It was still peaceful earlier, this city was serene and bustling, but in a moment, it turned into a bloody slaughterhouse.


 "No, I cannot watch this happen, I need to stop everything!" Eagle Warrior struggled to get up, he wanted to stand but his injuries were too severe, he fell down once more.


 As he was about to fall to the ground, a young and muscular arm grabbed onto Eagle Warrior.


 "Uncle Eagle, you cannot fight anymore, if you continue, you will die." A youthful voice said.


 Eagle Warrior turned to look at the youngster who supported him, he smiled bitterly: "Little Du, thanks for saving my life. But I am the Sacred Eagle City Lord, I cannot watch as the beast calamity continues to cause destruction, I cannot let my people become the food of these beasts."


 "Uncle Eagle, let me do it!" Little Du had shining eyes as he spoke with determination.


 "You?" Eagle Warrior looked at the injury on Little Du’s chest, he shook his head: "Little Du, you are not a member of Sacred Eagle City, you came here because I invited you to come and tour the city to repay the gratitude of saving my life. You already got injured to save me, you are not these beasts’ match, quickly leave! Go now!"


 "No, I am not leaving, I want to fight with you, uncle. Let’s defeat these evil beasts." Little Du shook his head.


 Eagle Warrior was moved, he patted Little Du’s shoulder, he said with joy: "Mountain Cliff City Lord had really taken in a good disciple. Why can’t I find a disciple like you? Little Du, you are still too young, you have a brighter future than me, you cannot die here. I want you to promise me something, after you leave here, wait for the Guild’s reinforcements to arrive, then come and retrieve my corpse. Remember, I want to be buried in the garden."


 "Uncle!" Little Du’s eyes turned red, tears could be seen in his eyes, he was choked with tears and could not speak.


 "Quickly leave!!" Eagle Warrior suddenly exerted his strength and pulled Little Du’s hand away, he flew into the sky.


 He turned into a heavily injured silver eagle again as he charged towards the immemorial desolate eagle in the sky.


 "The Gu Immortals here are really different from the ones outside, they are willing to sacrifice their lives for mortals." Little Du sighed in his heart, feeling moved.


 "But it is useless, this immemorial desolate eagle was nurtured by my main body purposely to deal with you."


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven was not Profound Literature grotto-heaven, there was little restriction here. After Little Du received Eagle Warrior’s invitation, he informed the main body and set up this trap.


 This was a great opportunity.


 Because Beast Calamity’s true inheritance was split into several portions kept in the main cities of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s clone had no chance to get close to those true inheritances with a proper reason.


 He wanted to create a chance, but Eagle Warrior personally handed this opportunity over to him.


 If Eagle Warrior who was bathed in blood learned that the reason why Sacred Eagle City faced such a calamity was due to himself, who knew how he would feel.


 Eagle Warrior was not the immemorial desolate eagle’s match, he quickly fell into a disadvantage.


 The immemorial desolate eagle attacked again, about to peck Eagle Warrior to death, when Little Du turned into the arrowtail eagle once again and saved him at the moment of life and death.


 "Little Du, why haven’t you left?!" Eagle Warrior was shocked and extremely anxious.


 "Uncle, how can I watch you die here? How can I let everyone get into such great danger? Even if I have to sacrifice my life, even if my blood bleeds dry, I will fight till the end!" Little Du said with firm determination.


 "Little Du..."Eagle Warrior was speechless, he was extremely weak now, he turned back into human form as Little Du’s claws grabbed onto him.


 Little Du fought against the immemorial desolate eagle but he was not its match.


 But the immemorial desolate eagle was the main body’s pawn to begin with, Little Du often got into dangerous situations where his life was at stake, he constantly got injured but managed to retreat each time.


 Eagle Warrior watched with a palpitating heart, he fought without any fear himself, but when he watched Little Du fight, he became very concerned, he could not help but shout warnings due to his intense nervousness.


 When he saw that Little Du was bleeding and gaining more wounds, he felt deep heartache.


 Little Du had saved him earlier in the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, he was a benefactor. Now, he had saved Eagle Warrior twice, he was even fighting to the death for Sacred Eagle City. This moved Eagle Warrior deeply, he acknowledged Little Du’s nature and disposition, he felt deep admiration towards the young lad.


 Fang Yuan was ruthless to others, but was even more ruthless to himself.


 As his clone, Little Du had the same style and personality.


 These were genuine wounds and injuries, Eagle Warrior was completely moved by him.


 Little Du had just become a Gu Immortal, he was a new Combat Beast Warrior, the youngest one in the Combat Beast Guild. With this level of strength, he was definitely not the immemorial desolate eagle’s match.


 After a while of fighting, he was smacked by the immemorial desolate eagle and fell into the City Lord Manor.


 This was naturally his plan, Little Du fell heavily and crashed through the floor, entering the underground altar.


 Eagle Warrior had already fainted earlier, when he woke up, he saw that Little Du was beside him.


 "Uncle, you are awake!" Little Du was overjoyed.


 Eagle Warrior was also overjoyed that Little Du was still alive, but he quickly frowned as he asked: "How long was I unconscious for?"


 "Not very long, the guild’s reinforcements did not come, after the eagle attacked us, it remained flying in the sky instead of pursuing us." Little Du answered.


 "Sigh!" Eagle Warrior sighed deeply: "It seems that we cannot defeat this eagle in a frontal battle."


 Little Du analyzed: "Thankfully, this eagle is not smart, if we do not transform, it will not feel any threat, so it will not attack us."


 "We cannot transform into our immortal beast form now, we need to use other transformations to save the city’s people." Eagle Warrior was very worried.


 If he could not become an immortal beast, he would not be able to control the situation.


 He could only fight against those yellow soil crocodiles and save all of the citizens one by one, the efficiency was too low.


 There was no choice, they had to do that.


 But when they were about to leave, they found that a large number of yellow soil crocodiles had formed into a group, they had sealed all the entrances.


 There were two desolate beast yellow soil crocodiles too.


 Eagle Warrior and Little Du could not turn into immortal beasts, they could not fight the two desolate beasts, they had to retreat.


 Eagle Warrior sat on the ground, he had an ashen expression: "It seems that we can only wait for reinforcements. I hope they can arrive soon."


 "They won’t." Little Du thought to himself: "According to my plans, the reinforcements will be obstructed, I still have some time to execute my plans."


 But on the outside, Little Du frowned as he slammed his fist on the ground: "Damn it! Are we just going to wait here until reinforcements come? Where are we? Why is there an altar here?"


 Eagle Warrior answered: "We are below the City Lord Manor now. As for this altar..."


 Before he finished, Little Du interjected.


 Little Du’s brows were raised: "To think that there is so much space underneath the City Lord Manor. I’ve got it, we can move underground and get past the yellow soil crocodiles to escape."


 Eagle Warrior shook his head: "It is useless. This underground area only covers the City Lord Manor, we cannot go to the outer city. Those yellow soil crocodiles are also skilled at digging underground, they often live in swamps after all."


 "Damn it." Little Du gritted his teeth, suddenly, he gasped: "Wait no, uncle, isn’t it strange? Why are those yellow soil crocodiles just surrounding this place but not attacking us? The eagle in the sky might be prideful and not feel like attacking us, but why are those yellow soil crocodiles waiting outside, they seem to be avoiding something."


 Eagle Warrior forced a smile: "Little Du, your observation is right. But don’t be too hopeful, these yellow soil crocodiles can’t get near because of this altar. It is extremely old, legends say that the first generation Combat Beast King arranged it here, a portion of his power is sealed inside."


 "First generation Combat Beast King? Why did he seal his own power?" Little Du asked curiously.


 "It seems that he wants to give it to an inheritor. There are several more altars in the other main cities, whoever can collect all of these powers will obtain the strength of the first generation Combat Beast King!" Eagle Warrior said slowly.


 Little Du blinked multiple times: "Then, why don’t we use this power to defeat the beasts outside?"


 Eagle Warrior smiled bitterly: "It is useless! These are all rumors, there are no actual records about it. Countless people tried but nobody has succeeded. These are likely false rumors, but these altars are very powerful indeed, they have a mysterious power and cannot be destroyed, beasts also cannot get hear them."


 Saying so, Eagle Warrior saw that Little Du was excited and laughed: "If you want to try it, go ahead. But remember my words, don’t be too hopeful, don’t get disappointed if nothing happens."


 "Okay, uncle." Little Du took large strides and quickly got to the altar.


 He walked several rounds around the altar but nothing happened.


 He climbed up but there was still no reaction.


 This was a normal situation, Eagle Warrior watched at the side.


 But at this moment, Little Du knelt down and started to pray loudly: "First generation Combat Beast King, I don’t know you and have never met you before! But I hope you can help us, beasts are outside eating the people, every breath of time, a life is lost. I beg you, first generation Combat Beast King, if you can hear me in heaven, please do something, do something!"


 Little Du spoke louder and louder as he teared up towards the end.


 "Little Du... you are truly a kind hearted and innocent boy!" Eagle Warrior’s eyes turned red too, he felt deeply moved.


 Then, at the next moment!


 White light burst out of the altar, enveloping Little Du’s body.


 "Hmm?" Eagle Warrior stared with wide eyes, he opened his mouth and became lost for words: "What, what is going on?!"


 Bam.


 A soft sound could be heard as the white light fused into Little Du’s body, the firm and indestructible altar shattered into pieces at the next moment.


 "Little... Little Du?!" Eagle Warrior stammered.


 Little Du turned around with an expression of joy: "Uncle, you were right. I inherited the power of the first generation Combat Beast King!"


 "A miracle! This is a miracle!!" Eagle Warrior reacted as he raised his head towards the sky, becoming extremely happy.


 He laughed for a while before turning to look at Little Du, his gaze was filled with seriousness and excitement: "Little Du, you actually inherited the power of the first generation Combat Beast King! Do you know what that means?"


 "What?" Little Du was dumbfounded.


 "This means that you can inherit the rest of the inheritances. You are the future Combat Beast King! No, more accurately, you are the world’s savior!" Eagle Warrior became incredibly excited.


 "That’s right, you are the world’s savior."


 "World Savior Little Du!"


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1879 Situation


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 Dragon Palace.


 Fang Yuan’s clone, Wu Shuai, sat on his dragon throne as he manipulated his army ants.


 During this period of time, the ant army had already developed to a certain size.


 At this moment, there were over a hundred million ants, they moved like a golden river and circled in the sky.


 Wu Shuai took out a rank eight immortal material.


 It was a bunch of bird feathers, these feathers had a stone texture but looked very lifelike, they were covered in a grey-white light.


 If one sniffed them, they would be able to smell the stench of a corpse.


 This was the immemorial desolate beast corpse emperor bird’s feathers.


 Wu Shuai blew lightly as the feathers flew into the sky, fusing into the golden river of army ants.


 Soon, he started to hear noises.


 Countless army ants landed on the corpse emperor bird feathers and devoured them.


 Even though there were only ten feathers, they were rank eight immortal materials after all, just a tiny bit was enough to feed an army of ten thousand ants, it could last very long.


 A moment later, the corpse emperor bird feathers got completely consumed by the army ants.


 These army ants were not just fed, they even created a new batch of army ants.


 The new ants were corpse ants, they emitted death energy, they could eat the corpses of army ants to get stronger. The more corpses they ate, the stronger the corpse ants became. There was a limit to this growth of course, the strongest corpse ant could match a king ant but could not match a queen ant.


 "With these corpse ants, the army ants will be more usable and durable in battle. Before this, the ants would die in vain, but with corpse ants, I can make use of their corpses. In this regard, I can save quite a bit of cost too." Wu Shuai let out a breath of air.


 The army ants were extremely profound, they contained the essence of enslavement path.


 Feeding the army ants not only maintained their numbers, new breeds could even be created. When countless different army ants work together, they would produce many unique effects.


 But the army ants could only alleviate the weakness of enslavement path, they could not eliminate it.


 Enslavement path truly used up too many resources.


 After growing the army ants to this scale that could fight rank eight Gu Immortals, Wu Shuai was starting to feel a heavy burden.


 "My main body is refining Gu, the expenditure is huge, the army ants I am raising are also a bottomless hole."


 "Thankfully, I have the help of Gu tribe and the merfolk, otherwise, my army ants would not develop to this size."


 Right at this moment, Wu Shuai’s expression changed.


 A Gu Immortal had appeared outside Dragon Palace, visiting Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai opened the palace doors and went to invite the person in.


 "Tang Qiong greets Lord Wu Shuai." It was a yellow scaled mermaid, she was adorable and gentle, she smiled as dimples were seen on her face.


 She was an elder in charge of the Merman Imperial Court, she represented a portion of their will.


 Fang Yuan’s clone Wu Shuai helped to convert a portion of Gu tribe and the mermen into new dragonmen, the relationship between the three groups had deepened a lot.


 Tang Qiong was the representative of the Merman Imperial Court, she interacted with Wu Shuai deeply and always kept a polite attitude, she treated Wu Shuai as an actual senior.


 Wu Shuai brought Tang Qiong into Dragon Palace.


 "Even though this is not my first visit, I am still in awe regarding Dragon Palace’s grand appearance." Tang Qiong sighed to herself, she had a sincere expression.


 Wu Shuai laughed: "Fairy Tang Qiong, what brings you here?"


 Tang Qiong showed a serious expression: "Senior, Qi Sea Ancestor is holding a banquet in Eastern Sea, he has invited the entirety of Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world to attend it. My Imperial Court received the invitation as well, our grand elder wants to ask senior if you are going to the banquet along with us?"


 "Oh, that matter." Wu Shuai heard this and his eyes shined with bright light.


 After Fang Yuan’s main body snatched mutation Immortal Gu, he used the identity of Qi Sea Ancestor to interfere in Eastern Sea’s politics.


 This Eastern Sea banquet was one of Fang Yuan’s plans, but in his plan, he did not invite Wu Shuai.


 Wasn’t it easy to invite his own clone?


 But Fang Yuan wanted to conceal Wu Shuai for now, he did not want to expose him yet.


 The Merman Imperial Court actually invited Wu Shuai to go with them, this action had deep meaning. It showed that the merfolk really wanted to get closer with the dragonmen.


 "I have rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace while the Merman Imperial Court has no rank eight Immortal Gu House. Their force was established with the help of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, after so many years, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s influence has dwindled, his protection will eventually vanish."


 "As a variant human, the dragonman race is a natural ally indeed."


 "Even so, the merfolk are taking a huge risk, this current generation grand elder has a lot of resolution."


 Wu Shuai thought about it, he asked an obvious question: "Then, did Qi Sea Ancestor invite Fang Yuan as well?"


 Within the palace, Tang Qiong shook her head: "Qi Sea Ancestor has announced that he will not invite Fang Yuan. He said that this banquet is an Eastern Sea banquet, Fang Yuan is not an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he will not be invited."


 Wu Shuai nodded.


 That had to be the case.


 If Qi Sea Ancestor invited Fang Yuan, it would be an act against Heavenly Court. He was not afraid of them, but Fang Yuan had to consider the feelings of the other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 He was not afraid of Heavenly Court, but Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals were afraid and wary of Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court’s reputation was deeply ingrained in everyone, it was after all the number one force in the world, it had a history of three million years!


 If he invited Fang Yuan, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals might have second thoughts and decide not to attend the banquet, that would go against Fang Yuan’s intentions.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had also just taken half a Primordial Origin true inheritance from Duke Long. If he immediately approached Fang Yuan after that, it would be disadvantageous towards the big picture.


 Tang Qiong observed his expression but had no findings. Wu Shuai was ambitious and unfathomable, it was normal that he showed no signs on his face.


 Tang Qiong had to encourage him: "Senior Wu Shuai, pardon my disrespectful words but in my tribe’s opinion, although you have an agreement with Fang Yuan and are working together, you are you and Fang Yuan is Fang Yuan, we cannot treat the two as the same entity. Even though Fang Yuan is strong, he is a human with a special identity, he is ruthless and hard to read. Dragonmen will reign supreme, but to truly rise up, you need to rely on yourselves, becoming a force of your own and dominating your own area."


 "Haha, you are right." Wu Shuai laughed: "I will remember your tribe’s sincerity. But now is not the time for the dragonman race to reappear in this world."


 "Qi Sea Ancestor invited a huge range of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals, even though he has some agreement with Heavenly Court and is in a neutral position, Heavenly Court will not want such an influential person to exist in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world."


 "If I join the banquet, Heavenly Court will be even more wary, they might even take action."


 "By then, we cannot confirm what stance Qi Sea Ancestor will take. Furthermore, I am not an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal in identity."


 Tang Qiong pondered about it: "According to my tribe’s deductions, Qi Sea Ancestor is strong but as a lone cultivator, he likely wants to stay neutral. He has made agreements with both Heavenly Court and Fang Yuan, senior, if you go, he will have a good opportunity to express his stance, he will definitely welcome you, even though his attitude might not be too enthusiastic nor cold."


 "Hmm... give me some time to consider it." Wu Shuai pondered and said.


 "Alright, senior, if you want to go, please contact me. I will take my leave."


 Watching Tang Qiong leave Dragon Palace, Wu Shuai fell into deep thought.


 From this matter, he could see the attitude of the merfolk, it was very advantageous to him, he could make use of it.


 To speak the truth, he did not want to burden the main body excessively. He would rather settle most things himself through his own effort.


 The merfolk were a part of Eastern Sea, their attitude was also the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world’s attitude towards Qi Sea Ancestor and this huge banquet.


 It was a good attitude.


 It was very beneficial to Fang Yuan’s plans.


 With just Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity, wanting to set up a banquet and uniting the whole of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world was wishful thinking. That was basically impossible.


 Longevity Heaven had dominated Northern Plains for so many years but they had not united their Gu Immortal world either.


 Fang Yuan did not dream of this, what he wanted was to influence Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world! He wanted to make sure that when dealing with Heavenly Court in the future, Qi Sea Ancestor’s decisions and actions would greatly affect the choices made by Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals.


 Before Qi Sea Ancestor’s banquet began, Western Desert’s Fang Di Chang, who was also Fang Yuan’s clone, had also started doing something like this.


 "Everyone, goodbye."


 "Friend Xiao, please take care."


 Fang Di Chang sent off the final Western Desert Gu Immortal.


 A Western Desert righteous path meeting had just ended.


 Fang Di Chang cooperated with the main body, leading the allied forces of five clans in Western Desert’s righteous path, ’defeating’ Heavenly Court. Fang Di Chang used this outstanding result to its limit, he invited all of the Western Desert super forces to come for a meeting.


 "These guys... hmph!" Fang Gong walked out and looked at Xiao clan’s Gu Immortal leave as he showed an unhappy expression.


 This gathering did not have a good result.


 Many forces were cold towards Fang clan, some even suspected Fang clan’s victory over Heavenly Court.


 They were simply provoking Fang clan!


 Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly: "First supreme elder, don’t be too angry, the truth is, Heavenly Court managed to retreat safely, they lost one rank eight because of Thousand Transformations Ancestor as well. The ’defeat’ of Heavenly Court was merely our publicization to raise our reputation."


 "Our Fang clan rose to power too abruptly, we have not won yet. These clans are too envious of our good luck in obtaining Divine Bean Palace."


 "Right now, we rode on this wave and held a meeting, in their eyes, they think that our Fang clan just wants to be the leader hastily. Thus, they did not send any elders with authority, they only sent some insignificant members."


 Other than the four clans who allied with them showing a sincere attitude, most of the other super clans did not give Fang clan face.


 But this was something that could not be helped.


 Firstly, Fang clan did not obtain an actual victory, their battle strength was not threatening enough.


 Secondly, they did not have true authority, these clans were not interested in entertaining them.


 "Heavenly Court must be sowing discord as well. There is no helping it, our influence can only grow slowly." Fang Di Chang said.


 "Hmph, during the five regions war, when Central Continent attacks, I want to see what these people will do." Fang Gong snorted coldly.


 Fang Di Chang squinted but he sighed in his mind.


 How could these super forces not understand the big picture?


 They knew about it clearly, but so what?


 These forces restrained and restricted each other, they had countless years of grudges and conflict, their individual interests and benefits were at stake, without any life-and-death crisis, their usual mindsets would not allow them to work together.


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1880 Heavenly Courts Discussion


***





 



 Heavenly Court.


 In the silvery white sky, countless immortal palaces were erected.


 Within the discussion hall, more than ten Gu Immortals had gathered.


 Duke Long sat at the highest seat, followed by Fairy Zi Wei and Qin Ding Ling. After them were Bai Cang Shui, Cong Yan, Che Wei, Yuan Qiong Du, Zhou Xiong Xin, and the rest.


 Other than that, there were the wills of Gu Liu Ru, Wan Zi Hong, Prince Feng Xian, Xing Ye Wang, Jun Shen Guang, and others. These people had missions to do, they were unable to participate in this Heavenly Court meeting personally.


 Once in a while, Heavenly Court’s members would gather and hold a meeting to discuss matters and bring up their own opinions, to come to some consensus.


 During normal times, Heavenly Court would usually be led by wisdom path Gu Immortals in terms of management. Currently, Duke Long was the psychological pillar holding up the organization while Fairy Zi Wei had control over the administrative affairs. Before her was Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


 "Yuan Qiong Du, how is the research on second aperture Gu going?" Duke Long asked.


 Yuan Qiong Du answered: "With Lady Zi Wei’s help, I have already deduced some secrets, we can refine rank one to five second aperture Gu now."


 The truth was that Heavenly Court’s refinement path foundation was deeper than Lang Ya Sect.


 There were three refinement path supreme grandmasters in history, Long Hair Ancestor was just one of them, the other two had practically their entire inheritances collected by Heavenly Court.


 Yuan Qiong Du was the current person in charge of refinement path, he had incredible talent and aptitude, he was the one responsible for repairing fate Gu in the previous life.


 Along with Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions, the combination of these three things made it not so hard for them to deduce the recipe of Fang Yuan’s second aperture mortal Gu.


 After hearing this, many of the immortals had joyful expressions as they started to converse.


 I’ve heard of this second aperture Gu, it is a good thing."


 "That’s right, having a second aperture will give Gu Masters a huge boost in battle strength."


 "If we can obtain the Immortal Gu recipe, it will also be extremely meaningful to Gu Immortals!"


 "From this point, we need to thank Fang Yuan, hahaha."


 Fairy Zi Wei spoke in a calm tone as she interrupted: "Is Fang Yuan such a foolish person? He had already expected second aperture Gu to be deduced when he threw it out to Southern Border’s righteous path. A second aperture has deep meaning indeed, but if Gu Masters had a second aperture, they would need double the time and effort to cultivate. They would need more resources as well."


 "So that’s it." The Gu Immortals here were all rank eight elites, Fairy Zi Wei had just said this when they understood the reasoning.


 "Fang Yuan is intentionally doing this."


 "He gave out second aperture Gu to extort Southern Border’s righteous path but also to make plans for the five regions chaotic war."


 "That’s right, when the regional walls vanish and the five regions fuse, Gu Immortals and Gu Masters will not change in numbers, but this second aperture Gu will spread rapidly. By then, their need for resources will double, what will everyone do? They will need to fight and start conflicts to gather resources."


 "This demon is truly vicious and devious, but we have no choice but to take his bait."


 They had to.


 Heavenly Court had obtained second aperture Gu from Southern Border’s righteous path. Southern Border would research second aperture Gu themselves, the other three regions would not ignore it either.


 Second aperture Gu was something that would cause a storm in the world if it was circulated.


 Like the time Blood Sea Ancestor created blood path, even if the five regions’ righteous path outlawed blood path cultivation, there were still many blood path Gu Masters and Gu Immortals.


 "We can’t deduce the recipe of second aperture Immortal Gu yet?" Duke Long, who had been silent, asked suddenly.


 He spoke very little but he often got to the point quickly, this was no exception.


 Yuan Qiong Du smiled bitterly and shook his head: "We are still some distance from deducing the Immortal Gu recipe. If I can have the help of a few refinement path experts of my level, I might be able to deduce it more quickly. But currently, I have limited energy and time, I cannot attend to too many matters at once."


 Yuan Qiong Du was having a tough time recently.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya Sect, he had to modify the formation to repair fate Gu. That was because the formation referenced Refinement Cauldron, it had to be changed for safety purposes.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan captured Southern Border’s righteous path, Yuan Qiong Du was in charge of refining fixed space Gu before the rest.


 After that, Fang Yuan defeated Heavenly Court in the River of Time, Heavenly Court’s time path Immortal Gu Houses shattered. Yuan Qiong Du had to refine Gu once again, to try to refine these time path Immortal Gu.


 Recently, Qin Ding Ling woke up, she handed Fairy Zi Wei a stack of luck path Immortal Gu recipes, Yuan Qiong Du was in charge of refining them.


 Refining Gu was a dangerous task to begin with, Fang Yuan had refined many of these Gu before him, Yuan Qiong Du was faced with many failures during this period.


 These last days, he had suffered great injuries from refining Gu, if Heavenly Court did not have superb healing methods, he might have died already.


 "Next, Yuan Qiong Du has to prepare for the restoration of fate, before we fully repair fate Gu, second aperture Immortal Gu’s recipe will not be obtainable." Fairy Zi Wei declared, it was a slight pity.


 Duke Long nodded but did not speak anymore.


 Qin Ding Ling sighed: "Without the recipe of second aperture Immortal Gu, Southern Border’s righteous path will not be able to escape from Fang Yuan’s threat and extortion."


 "Hmph, these Southern Border immortals are truly the shame of the righteous path, they were extorted to this extent!" Within the hall, Xing Ye Wang grunted in displeasure.


 "The truth is, Southern Border’s righteous path has done quite a few things. They started to build Beacon Towers, this is an Immortal Gu House that is worth guarding against."


 "Southern Border’s righteous path is trying to break free from Fang Yuan, only Ba clan and Xia clan desire second aperture Immortal Gu, they are controlled by him. Meanwhile, Wu clan, Chai clan, and others are resisting him fully. They want to cooperate with our Heavenly Court, we have already started to suppress Fang Yuan’s businesses in treasure yellow heaven."


 "I need to remind everyone that Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world has a powerful lurking force that we need to be on guard against, that is the Virtue Paradise. This is the true inheritance that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had set up personally, they have many Gu Immortals, the strongest among them being Lu Wei Yin, they also include mushroomman Gu Immortals."


 "Even though Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not enter Heavenly Court, there was a friendly relationship between us. But what about the attitude of this Virtue Paradise? We need to probe further."


 "I have already considered that." Fairy Zi Wei spoke: "After some time, I will personally head to Virtue Paradise and borrow Immortal Gu."


 Heavenly Court needed this Immortal Gu indeed, it was also their test towards Virtue Paradise.


 If Lu Wei Yin showed a friendly attitude, Heavenly Court would try to rope them in as allies.


 After discussing Southern Border’s matters, Heavenly Court’s immortals went on to talk about Western Desert.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s schemes, Western Desert’s situation changed a lot. After Fang clan gained control of Divine Bean Palace, they ’defeated’ Heavenly Court, causing their plan in maintaining internal conflicts within Western Desert to suffer a loss.


 "Fang clan does have the ability to rise to power. But this time, there was a crucial person who caused this situation, Fang clan’s second supreme elder Fang Di Chang!"


 "This person has huge ambitions, he is a formidable character. He has already allied with multiple Western Desert righteous path forces, if not for the fact that we succeeded in sowing discord among them, Fang clan’s rise would have been unstoppable."


 "Now that Chen Yi is dead, we do not have any proper Genesis Lotus inheritor, how will we retrieve Divine Bean Palace?"


 "I suggest that we assassinate Fang Di Chang!"


 "Too difficult, this person is very crafty and vigilant. After getting Divine Bean Palace, he has basically stationed himself inside permanently."


 "Fang clan’s first supreme elder is Fang Gong, what is his attitude towards Fang Di Chang?"


 "Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang have a close relationship, they do not have conflict between them, we cannot do anything to them for now."


 ...


 After Heavenly Court’s immortals talked for a while, they decided to add reinforcements in Western Desert!


 Even though Heavenly Court lost Wei Feng, their main forces were still intact, there were not much losses.


 Back then, when Heavenly Court set up their forces there, it was because Fang Yuan had tried to escape using the natural tributary of the River of Time there, in order to stop him, they set up immortal formations at the tributary. After that, they noticed Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s weakness and thus sent more people there to deal with him.


 Even though Heavenly Court’s plan to deal with Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Fang Yuan failed, they were not going to give up despite the setback.


 After discussing, they decided in unison that they would send a number of Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses to the River of Time during the crucial moment, by using the tributary of the River of Time to reinforce them rapidly.


 Their main target now was not Thousand Transformations Ancestor, it was Fang clan!


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a lone immortal while Fang clan was a righteous path clan that was gradually gaining influence over Western Desert’s righteous path. If they were allowed to develop, Western Desert’s righteous path would be an increasing threat against Heavenly Court.


 After Fang clan took away Divine Bean Palace, it meant that Fang clan and Heavenly Court could not come to peaceful terms anymore.


 Thus, Heavenly Court started preparing to deal with Fang clan, it was a logical move.


 After Western Desert was Eastern Sea.


 "Eastern Sea’s politics are also changing, Qi Sea Ancestor is holding a banquet and inviting Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals, what is he planning to do?"


 "Not long ago, Qi Sea Ancestor came to an agreement with Duke Long, he stopped helping Fang Yuan. This person seems to be a neutral party but we cannot relax our guard against him."


 "We have already infiltrated this Eastern Sea banquet. If Qi Sea Ancestor makes any move, we will know quickly."


 Duke Long spoke again: "Qi Sea Ancestor has extraordinary strength, he is not beneath me. My personal opinion is to actively entice and sway this person to our side. This is so Heavenly Court faces less threat before we manage to repair fate Gu."


 Duke Long’s words made the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals feel heavy emotions.


 Eastern Sea had Qi Sea Ancestor who could rival Duke Long in battle strength, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were somewhat unable to accept this fact.


 After settling the matter of Eastern Sea, they moved onto Northern Plains.


 Heavenly Court paid a lot of attention to any movement from Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven.


 Among the four regions, Heavenly Court was most wary in regards to Northern Plains.


 Northern Plains’ politics had been influenced by Heavenly Court, the cooperation of Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Heavenly Court was a huge success for them.


 If Longevity Heaven wanted to unite Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, Old Ancestor Xue Hu would be the biggest obstacle.


 After the matters of Northern Plains, Duke Long mentioned the River of Time.


 "Now, we have five time path Immortal Gu Houses, yet we cannot find any trace of the Red Lotus stone islands. Can we do anything about it?"


 However, Heavenly Court’s immortals did not have any good ideas, these stone lotus islands were made by Red Lotus Demon Venerable after all.


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head too: "In the aspect of luck path, we already have the Dao Guardian Feng Jiu Ge guarding it. He has powerful luck, if even he fails, then there is nothing we can do."


 Duke Long was silent, he felt a little disappointed.


 The repair of fate Gu was Heavenly Court’s greatest plan.


 In Duke Long’s mind, Wu Yong, Longevity Heaven, Fang Yuan, and Dragon Palace were all below Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s threat level.


 But there was no other way, Heavenly Court had already done its best, the river suppression lotus sealing formation was their greatest achievement. It was a pity that they were still far from finding a Red Lotus stone island.


 The discussion hall went silent.


 But at this moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes suddenly shined, next, Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling also showed surprised expressions.


 Eventually, all of the remaining Heavenly Court Gu Immortals became very excited.


 "News came so suddenly!"


 "A Red Lotus stone island appeared in the River of Time."


 "Gu Liu Ru has already confirmed it, this Red Lotus stone island is the real thing without doubt."


 "We have finally found one Red Lotus true inheritance!"


 "As long as we can get one, we will be able to find our way to the rest of Red Lotus’ true inheritances."


 Duke Long nodded: "This is a good thing, we need to try to get this true inheritance as soon as possible now. Also... beware of Fang Yuan."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals turned solemn.


 "Indeed, this commotion cannot be kept from him for long."


 "By then, he will definitely show up."


 "Set up the river suppression lotus sealing formation quickly, we need more reinforcements, if Fang Yuan comes. we will take his life!"


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1881 Setting Up Formation


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 To the east of the flourishing bumpy sea area, to the west of the barbecue islands, there was a unique and large sea area — Qi Sea!


 There was no water in qi sea, instead, countless qi currents intertwined and entangled, forming swirls of millions of qi currents.


 During the Remote Antiquity Era, Qi Sea had an incredibly high status in the hearts of all Gu Immortals in the world.


 Back then, qi path flourished, it was the main Gu cultivation path, all other paths were non-mainstream.


 All paths were inferior to the number one qi path.


 Qi sea was incredibly big, it was a whole different world inside, countless qi currents moved within it, destroyed and created at every instance. Back then, qi sea was the number one qi path resource point in the five regions.


 But time passed quickly, eras changed.


 Qi path went on the decline, qi sea started to shrink, right now, qi sea was less than one-ten thousandth of its original size, the qi currents inside had all turned into pure water qi. Only at the most central area, there were still some qi path immortal materials left.


 Qi sea had once been the most popular place, it was now the most deserted area.


 It contained mostly water qi.


 But in the whole of Eastern Sea, which sea area would have any lack of water qi?


 It was easy to collect water qi anywhere, why would Gu Immortals go to qi sea on purpose to collect it?


 Even if they wanted to get other qi path immortal materials, entering and exploring qi sea carried huge risks. They were better off just buying these immortal materials from treasure yellow heaven.


 "By holding this Eastern Sea banquet now, qi sea will become renowned in the five regions again." Fang Yuan’s main body sat on a cloud as he looked down at the qi sea sea area.


 Looking from above, the qi sea sea area had waves of light blue in color as countless qi currents moved in turbulence, it was a huge contrast to the surrounding sea water that was dark blue in color.


 Initially, when Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortal Qi Xiang created the killer move unlimited qi sea, he had obtained inspiration from this qi sea to a certain degree.


 Fang Yuan called himself Qi Sea Ancestor, he had not picked it randomly. He had already made ample considerations before deciding.


 For example, which sea area should Qi Sea Ancestor originate from, where in Eastern Sea did he live in seclusion?


 Fang Yuan chose qi sea for this.


 This place was deserted, barely anyone came here, it was extremely compatible with Qi Sea Ancestor’s cultivation of qi path as well.


 If he told others, they would believe him as this was very logical.


 At the center of qi sea, dragonman clone Wu Shuai transmitted: "The formation has been prepared."


 This Eastern Sea banquet had significant meaning to Fang Yuan, he had made many preparations for this.


 Fang Yuan not only deployed Wu Shuai for this, he even set a formation at the center of qi sea.


 This was naturally a qi path formation. Fang Yuan’s time path clone had qi path great grandmaster and formation path grandmaster attainment levels, along with the light of wisdom, he spent a month to deduce this.


 At the center of qi sea, countless currents surged, they were turbulent from time to time, the area was very dangerous.


 Setting a formation in this place was quite difficult.


 But it was not a problem for Fang Yuan, he did not lack formation path attainment and he had ample resources, he was not trying to create a complex formation like the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, he was merely going for a usable and realistic effect.


 Fang Yuan’s main body checked it with his divine sense and confirmed there were no problems, he shut his eyes and meditated.


 This Eastern Sea banquet was extremely important to him.


 He plotted using the world as his chessboard, he arranged pawns to influence the overall situation, such planning was not easy at all.


 In Southern Border, Fang Yuan’s influence was small, because Wu Yong was gathering allies with his good political manipulation, there was nothing Fang Yuan could do to stop him.


 In Western Desert, even though Fang clan was rising, its influence would only grow with time. Furthermore, be they Heavenly Court or the other Western Desert forces, they would not want this to happen. Fang Di Chang had a lot to do in this situation.


 Central Continent had Heavenly Court, it was impenetrable like an iron fortress. The Zombie Alliance that Shadow Sect created had already been uprooted along with the organization Defy by Fairy Zi Wei.


 In Northern Plains, Fang Yuan and Chu Du had a close relationship but it could not affect the big picture. Even though Bing Sai Chuan had not awakened, Longevity Heaven was started to take control, Fang Yuan could not do anything there.


 Thus, Eastern Sea was an important part of Fang Yuan’s plans and arrangements.


 Eastern Sea was the most abundant in resources, if he succeeds, when the five regions merge, Fang Yuan would have enough influence to affect the other four regions.


 A few minutes later, Fang Yuan opened his eyes as he muttered while looking at the horizon: "They’re coming."


 An Immortal Gu House was flying in the sky, it looked slow but was moving at a rapid speed.


 The Immortal Gu House slowly stopped as a girl with bright eyes walked out, she was wearing a long dress that had exquisite rainbow clouds drawn on it.


 "Hua clan first supreme elder Hua Cai Yun greets Qi Sea Ancestor." Hua Cai Yun had rank eight cultivation level but she still acted very politely.


 Next, from Hua clan’s Immortal Gu House, several Hua clan Gu Immortals walked out and paid respects to Fang Yuan.


 "It is not time yet, you have arrived early, please come in." Fang Yuan stretched out his hand as qi currents gathered, forming a cloud.


 Hua Cai Yun kept her Immortal Gu House in her immortal aperture as she took a seat, while the other Hua clan Gu Immortals stood behind her.


 "I was too excited to meet you for the first time, this is a gift from Hua clan, please do accept it." Hua Cai Yun said as the Gu Immortal behind her took out an item and presented it with both hands.


 Fang Yuan took a look, this was a lump of qi that resembled a ball, Hua clan’s Gu Immortal was holding it out respectfully.


 There was flashing of lightning and rumbling thunder inside this qi lump, there was rainy or sunny weather occasionally inside, there was even snow at times.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he knew what this was.


 This was a rare rank nine heaven qi.


 Heaven and earth qi were the foundational qi of living beings, they were very common. When Fang Yuan placed his immortal aperture and opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, he would absorb heaven and earth qi to stabilize his sovereign immortal aperture. He had many secluded domains of heaven and earth in his immortal aperture, they expended too much heaven and earth qi, the sovereign immortal aperture felt a heavy burden due to them.


 Of course, after Fang Yuan annexed Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he gained a huge boost of qi path dao marks, his immortal aperture started to produce a lot of heaven qi and earth qi, Fang Yuan’s burden in this aspect had eased a lot.


 But the heaven qi that Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture produced or absorbed were ordinary Gu materials, they were not even considered immortal materials.


 If heaven qi was an immortal material, it would gather into a lump and could not be pulled apart easily. Its value would rise greatly, ordinary heaven qi could not compare to it.


 The usage of immortal material heaven qi was very easy, one just had to scatter it.


 Many Gu Immortals used it like that.


 They would purchase a lump of immortal material heaven qi from treasure yellow heaven and scatter it inside their immortal aperture, creating different weather conditions like thunder, lightning, wind, or snow.


 This type of weather would last for some time, the resource points of Gu Immortals would be altered in some ways as a result.


 Most transactions in treasure yellow heaven would involve rank six or seven heaven qi. Rank eight heaven qi was very rare, while rank nine was barely ever seen, it was only sold once in a thousand years or more.


 Hua Cai Yun gifted Fang Yuan a portion of rank nine heaven qi, it showed her sincerity as well as Hua clan’s immense foundation, after all, Hua clan was most proficient in cloud path, they were experts in exploring black heaven and white heaven.


 At the same time, in the River of Time.


 Four Immortal Gu Houses flew above the river.


 Present and Past Pavilion was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic, it traveled while riding the waves.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform was elegant and grand, the orange roof resembled cranes with their wings spread out. The Immortal Gu House was radiating three layers of autumn light, it was quite extraordinary.


 Shark Flow Lever was white like jade, there were seven huge sharks in front of the lever, they had sharp teeth and were dragging the huge lever ahead.


 Moment Stage was rank eight and had a ring of stone stairs around the outside, it spiraled upwards until it reached the red tiled pavilion at the top.


 The four Immortal Gu Houses carried Heavenly Court and Central Continent Gu Immortals as they charged towards one destination — Red Lotus’ stone island!


 Within Present and Past Pavilion, a rank eight Gu Immortal stood as he watched the river water surging outside.


 This person wore a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword. His eyebrows were sharp like swords, a mysterious and profound light was hidden in his eyes. He had a calm and elegant aura, he was looking afar now as he continued to focus and comprehend.


 It was Feng Jiu Ge!


 "During this period in the River of Time, I have observed this long river, I watched the prosperity and downfall of eras, I witnessed the turbulence of the past and present. Destiny is like a wave, it rises at times and falls at times, it is slow at times while fast at times. The profundity contained within cannot be expressed in words, I can only sing it."


 Feng Jiu Ge had been comprehending destiny song all along.


 Different from the previous life, Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny had changed a lot this time around.


 He was defeated by Fang Yuan in Lang Ya blessed land, he was transported away by Chen Yi using the killer move karma relocation, he obtained the inspiration of destiny song.


 This was way earlier than in the previous life.


 After gaining some insight, Feng Jiu Ge came to the River of Time, he grabbed onto this inspiration and started to comprehend it.


 The River of Time was a time path secluded domain, but Feng Jiu Ge made use of Present and Past Pavilion to observe the life of people in the past and present, he saw many scenes.


 This was a great help towards his comprehension of destiny song.


 Right now, his destiny song was sixty percent complete, it was ten percent higher than during the Central Continent fate battle in the previous life.


 "My destiny song already depicts the destiny of living beings. But the destiny of venerables cannot be described so simply."


 "Last time in Heavenly Court, I looked at Reckless Savage’s blood skins and felt like they were incomprehensible. I hope that this journey to the stone lotus island will allow me to gain further growth in creating destiny song."


 "We have arrived, it is here."


 "Stone lotus island... Red Lotus’ true inheritance!"


 The four Immortal Gu Houses stopped nearby, Eternal Yacht was already waiting above the stone lotus island.


 Eternal Yacht was the first to discover the stone lotus island, the Gu Immortals within it quickly informed Heavenly Court, they sent the other four Immortal Gu Houses to join up with it.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked over with an expectant gaze.


 Gu Liu Ru who was within Moment Stage had a complex expression.


 "We finally found it, the hard work of our Heavenly Court over generations has not been in vain. After countless years, we have finally gained the fruits of our labor." Gu Liu Ru sighed deeply to himself.


 He had many difficulties in his life, his lower body was crippled and could not be healed, he had an impassive attitude but at this moment, he was filled with excitement, pride, and satisfaction.


 After breathing in deeply, Gu Liu Ru calmed down completely.


 He sat on his wheelchair as his eyes flickered with cold light, he ordered: "Set up the river suppression lotus sealing formation now, I will lead Moment Stage while Feng Jiu Ge will lead Present and Past Pavilion. Eternal Yacht will move out to the tributary’s entrance and bring in our reinforcements. Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform will patrol the surroundings, if anything shows up, inform me immediately."


 "Yes." The immortals replied as they started to move, executing great efficiency.


 Please go to https://ReadRead/Reverend-Insanity/ to read the latest chapters for free



***
Chapter 1882 Challenge


***





 



 "The three supplementary formations are ready." A group of Gu Immortals ended their work, they sat down in the Immortal Gu House to rest and recover.


 The second group took over, on top of the three supplementary formations, they added a rank eight Immortal Gu — Suppression.


 The second group had eight Gu Immortals that were either rank six or seven, they worked together with great coordination, after some work, they finally added in suppression Immortal Gu successfully.


 This was the River of Time, a time path secluded domain of heaven and earth, as a rule path Immortal Gu, it was not easy to use suppression Immortal Gu here, the difficulty was high.


 But rank eight Immortal Gu Suppression was one of the core Immortal Gu of the river suppression lotus sealing formation, it had to be the first rank eight Immortal Gu arranged here. After it, other steps could be taken.


 At this time, the second group went to rest while the first group came back to work.


 They were not continuing the setup, they were dismantling the three layers of supplementary formation that was created earlier.


 These Gu formations were meant to help Immortal Gu Suppression find the proper area to be put in. After that, they had to be removed and make space for the next few steps of the immortal formation.


 "Good, the three layers of supplementary formations have been removed. Next, we will set up the pale fire formation." The third group of Gu Immortals took over.


 The first group of Gu Immortals were exhausted, they quickly went to rest.


 "After the pale fire formation, we will set up the paper cage formation, let’s go." The second group of Gu Immortals took over.


 If the river suppression lotus sealing formation was split apart, there were a hundred and thirty-eight sub formations, the pale fire and paper cage formations were just two of them.


 "Be careful, something has happened in the River of Time, a huge wave is crashing towards us!" Someone alerted.


 At this time, the first group was resting, trying to recover as much as they could, the second and third group were busy setting the formation, the fourth group of Gu Immortals meant to deal with emergencies were activated.


 In order to create the formation, Heavenly Court split the Gu Immortals into four groups. The first group had the strongest formation path abilities, they were in charge of the core of the river suppression lotus sealing formation. The second and third groups had similar levels of strength, the fourth group had the least number of people, they had some level of ability in formation building but were meant to deal with emergencies.


 The fourth group of immortals quickly acted and destroyed the huge wave.


 The second and third groups let out a sigh of relief. While checking that the formation was intact, they started to make preparations for the future steps.


 Gu Liu Ru and Feng Jiu Ge were stationed in Moment Stage and Present and Past Pavilion respectively.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes were steady as he comprehended destiny, Gu Liu Ru had a deep gaze that was filled with alertness.


 "We have found the stone lotus island, there is some commotion when we made the formation, Fang Yuan will definitely be alerted."


 "He will definitely come here to cause destruction!"


 "The river suppression lotus sealing formation has not been completed yet, we are at our weakest now, Fang Yuan will definitely come to attack."


 "This is an important matter! I need to make up for my mistakes, I cannot let Fang Yuan succeed!"


 While thinking, a silvery light appeared on the horizon.


 Gu Liu Ru’s heart immediately tensed.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever that were patrolling outside changed directions immediately, trying to obstruct the invader.


 It was Myriad Year Flying Warship!


 "Gu Liu Ru, your Heavenly Court actually tried to take Red Lotus’ true inheritance from under my nose, hehe, you are just dreaming." Myriad Year Flying Warship came rapidly as Fang Yuan’s voice resounded from within.


 Gu Liu Ru snorted coldly, his voice spread in this entire battlefield: "Fang Yuan, you are merely a loser that we defeated, was the painful lesson last time not enough for you?"


 He was a time path great expert, he was like a fish in water in the River of Time. Rank eight Gu Immortals of other paths would need a lot more effort to make their voice transmit around the entire battlefield.


 "Haha, with me here, don’t think of setting any formation." Before Fang Yuan finished his words, Myriad Year Flying Warship already started to shine with bright lights.


 These lights converged into countless silver flying swords as they shot out rapidly, towards the incomplete river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 Gu Liu Ru’s expression was grim, he felt a headache, Heavenly Court’s biggest weakness now was this formation.


 Fang Yuan ruthlessly attacked the enemy’s weakness, Heavenly Court had no choice but to defend it, they were stuck in a passive situation.


 Last time, when Fang Yuan attacked the river suppression lotus sealing formation, Heavenly Court could dismantle the formation, but this time, with this Red Lotus stone island, they would preserve it even if they had to pay a huge price to do so.


 Boom boom boom!


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform arrived first, it fought against Myriad Year Flying Warship, there were many impacts that caused the water of the River of Time to splash and splatter.


 Shark Flow Lever arrived shortly after.


 As the three Immortal Gu Houses fought intensely in the River of Time, in the sky of Eastern Sea’s qi sea, the scene was harmonious and joyful.


 After Hua Cai Yun, the Gu Immortals of Eastern Sea’s super forces, Song clan, Su clan, and Cai clan also arrived.


 The one from Song clan was naturally Song Qi Yuan, he came to the banquet with Song Yi Shi.


 "This is my granddaughter Song Yi Shi, after hearing of senior’s story, she became very excited, she asked me to bring her here and meet you." Song Qi Yuan smiled, he introduced his granddaughter Song Yi Shi.


 Song Yi Shi had lost her father long ago, as her grandfather, Song Qi Yuan doted on her, for this Eastern Sea banquet, he brought her here so that she would get to leave an impression on people.


 "This junior pays respects to Qi Sea Ancestor." Song Yi Shi said politely.


 She had snow-white skin, her eyes were bright, she wore a blue-white dress and had an innocent aura, she was truly one of the six great beauties of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Similar to Hua Cai Yun, Song Qi Yuan also brought a gift, it was a qi path inheritance that Song clan had collected in its inventory, it originated from a historical qi path rank eight great expert. After Fang Yuan took a look, he saw that it was quite unique and had quite a bit of value.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he looked at Song Yi Shi, he displayed the concern of a senior: "Song clan has a good descendant, a good junior. This is our first meeting, I cannot let you leave empty-handed."


 Saying so, he took out a rank eight water path immortal material, it floated towards Song Yi Shi.


 Song Yi Shi was of great upbringing after all, she received the gift and quickly thanked him.


 "Take a seat." Fang Yuan waved his hand as qi currents gathered, forming a seat instantly, it was right below him and towards the left.


 Song Qi Yuan saw this position and became very happy, he quickly brought Song Yi Shi to take their seats.


 Song Yi Shi placed the rank eight water path immortal material in her immortal aperture, she acted very modestly and gracefully, displaying the demeanor of a young lady in an esteemed clan.


 Hua Cai Yun laughed as she spoke: "Song Qi Yuan, this is the first gift that ancestor has handed out. Had I known this, I would’ve brought my grandson as well."


 She was the earliest person, she had already conversed with Fang Yuan for some time, their relationship had gotten much closer in this period.


 Song Qi Yuan laughed, he was secretly proud of this, bringing Song Yi Shi here was really a wise decision.


 Song Yi Shi was looking at Qi Sea Ancestor for the first time, she was awe-inspired by his aura: "This old senior is truly the number one person in Eastern Sea, a person who rivaled Duke Long. He has the demeanor of a great person, he is so magnanimous and grand."


 If she knew that this person was Fang Yuan, who had once acted as Xing Xiang Zi and watched her shower, she would not have such thoughts.


 "Qing Yue An pays respects to Qi Sea Ancestor." Qing Yue An was the third Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal who arrived.


 "Junior Qing Yue Zhi Cheng greets Qi Sea Ancestor." A youngster was behind Qing Yue An, he wore a green shirt and had a tall nose and flat face, his eyes were shiny like stars, he was a handsome and talented junior in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 "Good." Fang Yuan sighed and praised, assessing Qing Yue Zhi Cheng: "Another good junior. I have a gift for you as well."


 He gave Qing Yue Zhi Cheng a rank eight immortal material as well, Qing Yue Zhi Cheng quickly received it with thanks.


 Hua Cai Yun gradually saw a pattern as she thought to herself: "This Qi Sea Ancestor seems to enjoy helping talented juniors, just from this point alone, one can see that he truly has grand disposition."


 At this moment, Nan Gong clan’s Gu Immortals arrived at the banquet, Hua Cai Yun’s expression sank.


 This was because Nan Gong clan’s first supreme elder brought Hua An along.


 Hua An was originally a Hua clan Gu Immortal, but he betrayed Hua clan and joined Nan Gong clan. He had deep wisdom path attainment, he was one of the three wisdom path experts of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 The saying goes: Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea.


 Even though Hua Cai Yun was unhappy, she did not say anything. This was Qi Sea Ancestor’s banquet, she wanted to get close to the number one Eastern Sea expert now, she had to endure it.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path arrived one by one.


 The last one who came was the grand elder of the Merman Imperial Court.


 Fang Yuan said some words of consolation as he arranged for her to sit at the very end.


 After the merman grand elder sat down, she sighed to herself internally: Even though this was her first meeting with Qi Sea Ancestor, this great expert was showing a good attitude towards the merfolk.


 Of course.


 The mermen were working with the dragonmen, they were Fang Yuan’s natural allies.


 Fang Yuan would not give her trouble.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s treatment of the merman grand elder, Eastern Sea’s righteous path Gu Immortals fell into contemplation.


 River of Time.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was already at the inner area.


 Immortal killer move — Daybreak Sword!


 Swords moved out like an army of pythons, traversing the battlefield and attacking Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


 Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform started to shine with a bright orange light, the strength of the silver flying swords weakened continuously.


 At the other end, Shark Flow Lever shot out three frost waves and froze the water of the River of Time under Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Fang Yuan grunted from within Myriad Year Flying Warship, silver flying swords turned around and gathered in the water below the river.


 Immortal killer move — Torrential Charge!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship shot out like a meteor, crashing into the river suppression lotus sealing formation that was still being set up.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, Moment Stage blocked Myriad Year Flying Warship as the two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses collided.


 Moment Stage had a slight disadvantage while Myriad Year Flying Warship’s advancement was halted, it was stalled by Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform which had caught up.


 Heavenly Court had deep foundation, they already prepared some methods to deal with Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had gone through many battles, its methods were exposed, it could not do much in this situation.


 At this moment, two more time path Immortal Gu Houses arrived as reinforcements.


 One was Eternal Yacht carrying Xing Ye Wang, the other was Sun and Moon Temple carrying Nine Spiritual Fairy.


 Heavenly Court’s reinforcements arrived!


 Four rank eight Gu Immortals, six time path Immortal Gu Houses!


 Heavenly Court’s morale soared.


 Eastern Sea, above qi sea.


 Qi currents surged and formed into a vast cloud, Qi Sea Ancestor willed as countless dishes and delicious wine emerged from these currents.


 It was finally time, Qi Sea Ancestor wanted to raise his cup and announce the start of the banquet when a voice resounded in the sky: "Black Soul Sea Lord would like to request a spar with Qi Sea Ancestor."


 Next, his rank eight aura filled with dark energy loomed over the entire area.


 The Eastern Sea immortals were stunned before their eyes started to shine.


 An Eastern Sea rank eight was actually challenging Qi Sea Ancestor!



***
Chapter 1883 Ancestors Divine Might!


***





 



 Moment Stage, Present and Past Pavilion, Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, Eternal Yacht, Shark Flow Lever, Sun and Moon Temple.


 Gu Liu Ru, Feng Jiu Ge, Xing Ye Wang, Nine Spiritual Fairy.


 Heavenly Court gathered its forces in the River of Time, it was bent on getting Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan’s side only had Myriad Year Flying Warship, even though it was rank eight, against Heavenly Court’s grand force, it was too small.


 Heavenly Court had six Immortal Gu Houses and four rank eight Gu Immortals, they surrounded Myriad Year Flying Warship completely.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship fell into a tight spot, but Fang Yuan spoke calmly as he smiled: "Hehehe, you want to occupy the stone lotus island? Since I cannot get it, neither will any of you."


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Year Hunting!


 Fragrance spread from Myriad Year Flying Warship, it quickly dispersed and caused countless dao beasts to resonate and growl.


 A wave of a year beast tide was rapidly forming.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan cooperated with Bing Sai Chuan and fought against Heavenly Court over this Red Lotus true inheritance, in the end, Feng Jiu Ge acted and destroyed the stone lotus island.


 This time, Fang Yuan made the same choice, he used myriad year hunting to summon an endless beast tide that targeted the stone lotus island.


 This method was Myriad Year Flying Warship’s strongest ability, it had an evident weakness however, the year beasts did not differentiate enemy from ally, in fact its main target was Myriad Year Flying Warship itself.


 Last time, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals fell for Fang Yuan’s scheme, they thought that he could control the beast tide and slaughtered a large number of year beasts, taking most of the damage for Myriad Year Flying Warship. After suffering a loss, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals realized that Fang Yuan could not control this beast tide either.


 The weakness of myriad year hunting was already known to Heavenly Court.


 But this time, Fang Yuan used it to target Heavenly Court’s weakness, they were setting up the river suppression lotus sealing formation now, they had no choice but to fight against these beasts.


 Gu Liu Ru snorted coldly: "This scoundrel is very devious, he used this move after all."


 He had a calm expression as he instructed his people, Eternal Yacht and Shark Flow Lever left the battlefield immediately to head to the outside. At the same time, Nine Spiritual Fairy jumped out of her Immortal Gu House, turning into an immemorial desolate beast to leave the battlefield.


 Heavenly Court had the advantage while Fang Yuan’s Myriad Year Flying Warship was encircled, he could not stop these people from escaping.


 After leaving the battlefield, Eternal Yacht and Shark Flow Lever shined with a bright light, two auras resembling years flow like water Immortal Gu started to spread out.


 The newly formed beast tide was instantly lured to these two Immortal Gu Houses as eighty percent of them rushed towards the two Immortal Gu Houses.


 The remaining twenty percent were intercepted by Nine Spiritual Fairy who had turned into an immemorial desolate beast, she took control over them.


 "It’s her indeed!"


 "Nine Spiritual Fairy... a rank eight great expert that cultivated enslavement path and transformation path in Central Continent’s history."


 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, a Gu Immortal had already discerned Nine Spiritual Fairy’s identity.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s main body was in Eastern Sea, only his will was inside the ship, the will could think and make comparisons to his previous life’s events.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy did not wake up in the previous life, but this time, she woke up and even earlier in time.


 This was a very different situation.


 After she turned into the immemorial year beast, the River of Time was no longer an obstacle to her.


 Even though Heavenly Court could not counter myriad year hunting directly, they found ways to deal with it.


 They analyzed the concept of myriad year hunting and targeted it, resolving the year beast tide that had yet to fully form.


 Next, even if year beasts emerge, there would only be a few of them, they would not be of a threatening scale.


 This was Heavenly Court’s foundation.


 It was also the reason why Fang Yuan had been concealing his strength and methods all along.


 Once he exposes his methods, Heavenly Court would rapidly react and make deductions, they would counter his actions in their next encounter.


 This was the case for daybreak sword, torrential charge, and myriad year hunting.


 Myriad year hunting, which could change the situation, was resolved by Heavenly Court before it even showed effect.


 The remaining four Immortal Gu Houses surrounded Myriad Year Flying Warship tightly as they unleashed a barrage of attacks.


 "Fang Yuan, if you still have any methods left, use them." Gu Liu Ru smiled coldly.


 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan’s will was silent, he did not respond.


 The battle continued, Myriad Year Flying Warship was kept suppressed and unable to turn it around. Even though it tried to break out several times, it did not succeed.


 Over at Heavenly Court’s four Immortal Gu Houses, Moment Stage was in front, as a rank eight Immortal Gu House and with the time path great expert Gu Liu Ru stationed in it, it was not inferior to Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 At the same time, the other three Immortal Gu Houses worked together to assist it, their cooperation was not simple, they were very effective in their actions.


 Evidently, during this period of time, these Gu Immortals did not slack off, they had practised extensively and their battle strength rose greatly.


 "Fang Yuan is already trapped, he is not a threat."


 "Be careful, we cannot be careless against this demon."


 "Our river suppression lotus sealing formation is almost complete, what can Fang Yuan do to stop us?"


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had a surge of morale.


 Many of them could already see the sight of Fang Yuan’s defeat.


 But at this moment, a grand aura surged from the stone lotus island.


 Golden light flashed as a grey stone giant stood up slowly.


 This giant was immensely tall, its muscles were bulging, its hair was thick, its eyes shined with a fierce beast light.


 "What monster is this? It has time path aura!"


 "We have not explored the stone lotus island yet, why did the guardian of this stone lotus island awaken?"


 "Oh no, the river suppression lotus sealing formation has not been completed yet."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had changes of expression.


 The giant roared, it was actually the sound of a tiger’s roar, the sound waves spread out in all directions, causing huge ripples to form around the island.


 The river suppression lotus sealing formation shook intensely, the Gu Immortals setting up the formation spat out mouthfuls of blood.


 "Quick, stabilize the formation!"


 "Paper cage formation was broken, we need to repair it."


 "Fourth group, Gu Immortals of the fourth group, quickly reinforce us!"


 The Gu Immortals setting up the formation became very busy.


 After the grey stone giant roared, it moved its arms, the muscles on his forearm and upper arm expanded like a balloon, to three times of its original size.


 Pitch-black bull horns grew on its forehead, it lowered its head slightly as its arms gathered in front of its chest, it opened its palms and placed them together, air currents surged and gathered between its palms, creating a spiral ball made of currents.


 Gu Liu Ru saw this as shock appeared in his eyes.


 He understood, these air currents were just the physical appearance, these were actually time path dao marks!


 More and more time path dao marks were drawn by the giant and gathered into a huge silver ball.


 The ball became larger and larger, the giant monster growled and pushed with both arms, throwing the silver ball with all its strength.


 The silver ball flew like a meteor, shooting out and causing endless gusts of wind to blow.


 Central Continent’s righteous path Gu Immortals were deeply shocked, their pupils shrunk when they saw this giant silver ball’s might.


 "Quick, we need to block it!" Gu Liu Ru gritted his teeth, he forcefully controlled Moment Stage to block the advancement of the silver ball.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, an intense sound erupted, the silver ball crashed into Moment Stage and burst out with terrifying might, Moment Stage was like a house swept by a typhoon, it flew away even when resisting.


 "We blocked it." Moment Stage stopped eventually as Gu Liu Ru let out a breath of turbid air, Moment Stage was already damaged beyond words, it was filled with cracks, countless mortal Gu died while many Immortal Gu were injured.


 The Gu Immortals inside Moment Stage were already very busy, they could not stay as carefree as when they encircled Fang Yuan anymore, they quickly tried to repair the Immortal Gu House.


 The aftermath of the silver ball explosion caused intense winds to blow, the river suppression lotus sealing formation was still affected and damaged, many Gu worms died, the Gu Immortals setting up the formation were very busy trying to fix it.


 Seeing that its attack did not work, the grey stone giant started to gather a silver ball again.


 Gu Liu Ru saw this and gritted his teeth, he controlled Moment Stage to charge down.


 But as Moment Stage got close to the stone lotus island, it gave off a brilliant light and a formless force blocked Moment Stage from approaching.


 Using this time, the grey stone giant gathered another silver ball in its hands.


 The ball shot out, Gu Liu Ru had no choice but to grit his teeth and resist the silver ball again using Moment Stage.


 Boom!


 Another explosion resounded, after the intense impact, the front part of Moment Stage was completely devastated, a large number of tiles and bricks flew out and turned back into Gu worm corpses.


 The grey stone giant saw that its method was obstructed once again, it became infuriated as it growled and gathered another silver ball.


 Gu Liu Ru frowned deeply: "This giant is using a very familiar time path method! To think that Red Lotus Demon Venerable had left this behind."


 "But even if I know about its information, for now I can only block its attack by sacrificing Moment Stage, I need to protect this river suppression lotus sealing formation! Thankfully, we have this Moment Stage."


 Gu Liu Ru felt glad in his heart.


 The signature method of Moment Stage was to teleport from one location to another location in a moment’s time.


 This was not a space path method but a time path method instead, it was not teleportation in essence, but was the act of using Moment Stage to compress its time into a moment. If the distance was further, it would take several moments.


 Gu Liu Ru wanted to protect the formation, he had a clear objective. As long as the formation was set up, it would isolate this place from the outside, the stone lotus island would not be able to escape, all of Red Lotus’ arrangements on this island would weaken slowly and be resisted.


 And against outside force, there would also be a strong layer of protection.


 By then, even if Fang Yuan wanted to enter, with this formation and several Immortal Gu Houses around, it would be difficult.


 Fang Yuan evidently understood this logic, Myriad Year Flying Warship tried to move in different directions, the remaining Immortal Gu Houses were just rank seven, they could barely contain it. This was like a thin fishing net trying to capture a shark.


 Heavenly Court’s situation was getting worse, Gu Liu Ru snorted coldly and came out of Moment Stage, joining the encirclement of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 He was a time path great expert, he could move and act freely in the River of Time, with his interference, Heavenly Court stabilized the situation once again.


 "Persevere, persevere and we will gain victory!"


 "After this period, when the formation is completed, it would be Fang Yuan’s time to die."


 Gu Liu Ru took charge of the situation, he dealt with Myriad Year Flying Warship while raising the morale of his people.


 Eventually, the river suppression lotus sealing formation was completely set up, it formed a huge sphere that not only surrounded the stone lotus island, but also Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 The formation activated, the grey stone giant grunted as it felt a strong suppression.


 Myriad year hunting was also restricted, the fragrance could not spread out, a beast tide was unable to form.


 "Get rid of Fang Yuan first, then explore the stone lotus island!" Gu Liu Ru shouted.


 Without the threat of myriad year hunting, Eternal Yacht, Shark Flow Lever, and Nine Spiritual Fairy returned in time, they joined the encirclement against Fang Yuan.


 "Fang Yuan, this will be your final resting place!" Gu Liu Ru’s eyes shined with bright light, he had a cold expression.


 "Is a demonic overlord going to die here?" Feng Jiu Ge squinted, inspiration regarding destiny song emerged in his heart.


 "Let’s not wait any longer, kill him!" Xing Ye Wang moved Shark Flow Lever and assaulted with deep killing intent.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy was silent but her movements were not slow, she got around to the back of Myriad Year Flying Warship as her aura burst out, she prepared her killer move.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s cold snicker resounded in Myriad Year Flying Warship: "Oh Heavenly Court, you have already been trapped, can’t you sense it?"


 Before he finished his words, stone lotus island erupted with a bright light, tens of water pillars shot up around the island.


 The light and water pillars forcefully connected into the river suppression lotus sealing formation, the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were inside became dumbfounded. Someone shouted: "What is going on! We lost our control of this formation!!"


 This was not a simple change of events.


 Heavenly Court’s four rank eights were in deep disbelief but the facts were in front of them: This was all Fang Yuan’s trap!


 "I did not waste a stone lotus island to trap you after all, this is not the place I will die, it is yours." Fang Yuan said so as the grey stone giant on the stone lotus island grew chicken wings and feathers, its hands turned into tiger claws, its mouth turned into a beak, it flew up and barged past the encirclement, paving a way for Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Realization flashed in Gu Liu Ru, he finally understood what this grey stone giant was, he shouted in shock and anger: "This is the Twelve Zodiac battle formation! To think that Fang Yuan had this method."


 "This was all Fang Yuan’s trap!"


 "He has already obtained Red Lotus’ true inheritance, he can control the stone lotus island!"


 "This Twelve Zodiac battle formation is likely the content of the true inheritance, his time path foundation grew immensely, he is able to suppress our formation instead."


 "We cannot stay here, we need to retreat!"


 The four Heavenly Court rank eights discussed and decided to leave.


 But the awkward thing was, this river suppression lotus sealing formation that they set up with so much work was their biggest obstacle at this moment.


 "Want to leave now? Too late!" Fang Yuan’s laughter could be heard inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, daybreak swords flew out and shot towards Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and Shark Flow Lever.


 The grey stone giant growled loudly and pounced at Present and Past Pavilion.


 Present and Past Pavilion had torrential waves around it but the grey stone giant ignored that, it advanced and slammed down with its fist.


 The grey stone giant was just too big, its fist was larger than Present and Past Pavilion itself.


 Before the fist landed, sounds of tiger and dragon roars resounded in the battlefield.


 The might of the fist was simply destructive and unrestrained!


 Feng Jiu Ge squinted while the other Gu Immortals were fearful, against this fist, they felt like the world was collapsing, any attempts to dodge it was futile.


 They could not dodge!


 Boom!!


 An intense explosion resounded as Present and Past Pavilion crumbled at the impact of the grey stone giant’s fist.


 The injuries and deaths inside were severe, Feng Jiu Ge barely managed to escape in a sorry state.


 Moment Stage!


 At the crucial moment, Moment Stage teleported over and took in Feng Jiu Ge.


 The grey stone giant completely ignored the Moment Stage that was nearby, it turned around towards Sun and Moon Temple.


 Sun and Moon Temple was a time path Immortal Gu House of Spirit Affinity House, it was weaker than the rest, when the grey stone giant approached, Sun and Moon Temple could not escape in time.


 The giant was too fast, it was inside the River of Time and had the power of the stone lotus island boosting it, its current battle strength was simply unheard of!


 Boom!!


 With a second explosion, Sun and Moon Temple shattered, most of the Gu Immortals inside died.


 "No!!" Gu Liu Ru gritted his teeth, his eyes were red from anger, his body was shaking from hatred.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were no longer as confident as before, they wanted to escape for their lives now.


 The grey stone giant’s battle strength made them feel deep despair!


 Eastern Sea, above qi sea.


 The Gu Immortals were very excited as they looked at Qi Sea Ancestor and the owner of the black soul sea area, Zhang Yin.


 Zhang Yin was a lone cultivator with rank eight cultivation level, everyone knew him in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 But they did not expect that he would challenge Qi Sea Ancestor. Although thinking about it, it was not strange, back then, the fight between Duke Long and Qi Sea Ancestor was only witnessed by Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng, and these two were righteous path Gu Immortals.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Qi Sea Ancestor smiled lightly: "Gu Immortal Zhang Yin, you are very courageous, but will you be able to handle one move from me?"


 Zhang Yin smiled arrogantly: "Ancestor, you underestimate me, not just one move.... ugh."


 He suddenly stopped as the other Gu Immortals’ expressions changed.


 Instantly, they felt the entire world buzzing as countless qi currents gathered from all over the place.


 Within all the surroundings, pressure intensified.


 The immortals’ pupils shrunk, cold sweat flowed down as they felt unparalleled pressure, they were like insects trapped in amber, fragile and helpless.


 "What killer move is this?"


 "Is this Qi Sea Ancestor’s method?"


 "We are merely feeling the side effect, what pressure is Zhang Yin, who is bearing the brunt of the attack, feeling?"


 The immortals looked over, Zhang Yin’s face turned red, he did not move in the air, his eyes were bulging as he struggled, he only trembled as he could not break free.


 The immortals were all shaken.


 A loud sound could be heard from above their heads.


 The Eastern Sea immortals quickly looked up and all of their faces turned pale as paper.


 A huge hand completely made of qi currents was translucent and pale-white, it extended an enormous distance, shrouding the skies itself!


 The giant hand pressed down as all of the Eastern Sea immortals felt suffocated, it was as if a mountain was crashing down upon them.


 "What sort of power is this!"


 "If I were not here personally, I would never believe it."


 "I’m afraid this strength is on par with rank nine?"


 "Qi Sea Ancestor!!"


 At the banquet, many Gu Immortals stood up uncontrollably, their bodies shook as fear overwhelmed them.


 Zhang Yin shouted with all his strength, his entire body was radiating dark energy as mild lightning flashed weakly, he could not escape, he was trapped and fixed in the air.


 Seeing this, Song Qi Yuan and the other rank eight Gu Immortals were all incredibly shocked and fearful.


 "It looks like Zhang Yin has used his full strength, but he cannot escape at all?"


 "Is he going to die?!"


 "Qi Sea Ancestor’s battle strength is so terrifying. Does he wants to leave a deep impression on us and use Zhang Yin’s life to raise his reputation in Eastern Sea?"


 It was unimaginable, a rank eight Gu Immortal was completely helpless against Qi Sea Ancestor!


 But the truth was right here, Song Qi Yuan and the other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals had to believe it.


 As the qi current hand approached Zhang Yin, it slowly disintegrated and went past Zhang Yin, slamming into qi sea.


 There was no heaven shaking explosion, after the qi current hand came into contact with qi sea, it quickly scattered and fused into the sea.


 Zhang Yin regained freedom, he felt deep lingering fear as his clothes were filled with sweat, he had a fearful look as he stared with wide eyes, breathing roughly.


 "Look at qi sea!" Song Yi Shi shouted.


 Everyone turned to look, the treacherous and turbulent qi sea filled with countless spirals had been completely calmed, it was like a mirror now!


 Eastern Sea’s immortals were very shocked, many of them opened their mouths but could not speak.


 "Ancestor’s divine might, I have fully experienced it." Zhang Yin let out a breath of air as he paid his respects: "Thank you for sparing me."


 Qi Sea Ancestor was still sitting at the main seat, his eyes were barely open as he waved his sleeves lightly: "Take a seat."


 "Thank you." Zhang Yin took his seat amidst the silence.


 Many of the Eastern Sea immortals were still standing, those who were seated were not feeling any better, they were all like statues.


 Qi Sea Ancestor defeated Zhang Yin in one move, he had truly intimidated all of them.


 "Ancestor has divine might!" After a while, Song Qi Yuan reacted as he stood up, respectfully praising.


 "Ancestor has divine might!" Shen Cong Sheng also stood up and praised with respect.


 "Ancestor has divine might. Ancestor has divine might." Countless Eastern Sea Gu Immortals stood up to pay their respects, they were completely in awe.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he said: "Everyone, take a seat, the banquet is beginning."



***
Chapter 1884 Qi Spreads in Five Regions


***





 



 The stone lotus island ambush that Fang Yuan planned had already ended.


 A grand light filled Heavenly Court, but in Central Great Hall, the atmosphere was grim.


 "At the crucial moment, Gu Liu Ru blocked Myriad Year Flying Warship while risking his life, I managed to live because of him." Nine Spiritual Fairy said this as she coughed blood again.


 Tears were in her eyes, the scene of Gu Liu Ru defending them with his life surfaced in her mind again.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy had a beautiful face, she liked to wear a long robe and wave her sleeves around, she had a graceful aura but now, she was covered in blood, wounds were all over her body, her sleeves were cut and dangling. Nine Spiritual Fairy’s thin body was completely fragile at this moment, covered in this large robe.


 In this battle in the River of Time, Heavenly Court had the absolute advantage at the start, but later, they lost completely, the six Immortal Gu Houses were destroyed, only two Gu Immortals, Nine Spiritual Fairy and Feng Jiu Ge, managed to escape.


 Feng Jiu Ge was in the hall too, he lost his cool demeanor at this moment, his eyes turned dim as they lost their light, he showed an expression of loss and perplexity.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed to herself, she instructed them to go recuperate.


 She learned of the result of this battle already, she called for Nine Spiritual Fairy so that she could gain more information about the minor details.


 "To think that Fang Yuan obtained the stone lotus island long ago, how did he do it? We did not sense it at all." Fairy Zi Wei deduced quietly, she could not find any answer.


 Because of this, Heavenly Court lost this battle completely, they fell into Fang Yuan’s planned trap, their losses were severe.


 Duke Long smiled bitterly: "The truth is, we had guessed that Fang Yuan might have a Red Lotus true inheritance already. But in the previous battle, Myriad Year Flying Warship was forced to escape from us, it was useless even if they tried to make use of the River of Time’s dangerous terrain. Now it seems that Fang Yuan had purposely did that so as to lure our attention, he wanted to fight for Dragon Palace and also to prepare for this battle, to make us underestimate him. This is truly a devious and scheming demon!"


 "Then, when did Fang Yuan obtain Red Lotus’ true inheritance? So be it if he got it recently, but if he obtained this stone lotus island long ago, that would be a very scary situation." Fairy Zi Wei thought about it as she felt a chill down her spine.


 Right now, Heavenly Court was facing a difficult situation.


 However, no matter how tough the situation was, Heavenly Court had to face it directly, they could not try to dodge it.


 Duke Long said solemnly: "Even if Fang Yuan obtained one Red Lotus true inheritance and gained Twelve Zodiac battle formation from it, we need to continue putting our forces into the River of Time!"


 This was only natural.


 There was more than one Red Lotus true inheritance, if Fang Yuan obtained a second or third one, he would become even scarier.


 From Heavenly Court’s perspective, the River of Time was an important area they had to guard, Red Lotus true inheritance was something they had to obtain. This situation might only change after they successfully repair fate Gu, but now, Heavenly Court had to start all over again, after losing six Immortal Gu Houses, they would have to build six, or even ten more!


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded slowly, she had a serious expression, she shared the same opinion as Duke Long on this matter.


 "But..." Fairy Zi Wei showed a look of difficulty.


 There were problems in this too.


 If they wanted to send more time path battle strength into the River of Time, the best method was to send time path Gu Immortals.


 But because of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Heavenly Court’s foundation in time path Gu Immortals was very weak.


 Without any time path great experts, they could only make up for it using time path Immortal Gu Houses.


 Heavenly Court lost six time path Immortal Gu Houses, the losses were too severe, they needed to rebuild these houses and needed a large number of time path Immortal Gu for them.


 Even though Nine Spiritual Fairy and Feng Jiu Ge were still alive, they did not bring back many Immortal Gu.


 Heavenly Court needed to refine many time path Immortal Gu to rebuild their Immortal Gu Houses.


 And in this aspect, Gu refinement immortal materials were not a problem.


 Heavenly Court had an immensely deep foundation of over millions of years, it was not for show. Heavenly Court’s three million years worth of accumulation was split into three treasuries of ’early, middle, late’. Each one represented a million years of foundation, they had placed all of their gains in that time period into the respective inventories.


 Any one of these million years treasury had more things in it than any of the ten great ancient sects.


 In order to refine rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Gu, Old Ancestor Xue Hu went bankrupt. Even with Fang Yuan’s current foundation, he did not dare to refine rank eight Immortal Gu. When normal super forces try to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu, they would expend a good deal of their foundation. But for Heavenly Court, not just one, even if they refined ten of them, their foundation would not be shaken.


 Heavenly Court did not lack immortal materials at all, they lacked refinement path great experts.


 Yuan Qiong Du was a refinement path expert, he had been in charge of repairing fate Gu. But asking him to refine time path Immortal Gu on top of this was just too much for him.


 He was just one person, he had limited time and energy.


 "If one or two refinement path experts could wake up in the immortal graveyard, it would be great." Fairy Zi Wei thought to herself, regrettably, the immortal graveyard was not subject to external influence, she could not wake up any Gu Immortal she wanted.


 Duke Long also noticed this problem, he thought about it and said: "Then rally the ten great ancient sects, we can even unify the refinement path Gu Immortals of other sects and send them all here, get them to work together and refine time path Immortal Gu."


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded, Yuan Qiong Du had important matters to do, he was in charge of repairing fate Gu, Heavenly Court had to do this now to deal with the current problem.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed internally: "If we had succeeded in invading Lang Ya Sect and taken control of it, that would be great. This would not be a problem for us now, it was a pity that Lang Ya Sect ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands."


 Heavenly Court had lost that great first step and now, they were facing problems because of it. In contrast, by using his refinement path advantage, Fang Yuan was giving problems to Heavenly Court now. Yuan Qiong Du could feel this most deeply.


 Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long had grim emotions.


 Fang Yuan’s victory in the River of Time was a devastating blow to Heavenly Court.


 But the River of Time was just one aspect, Heavenly Court’s overall situation was worsening.


 In Northern Plains, Longevity Heaven had been trying to unify and gather the whole strength of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 In Western Desert, Fang Di Chang refined Divine Bean Palace and was bringing Fang clan to rise up as the leader.


 In Southern Border, even though Wu Yong was close to Heavenly Court, Beacon Towers were being built everywhere, it was becoming a problem for Heavenly Court.


 As for Eastern Sea...


 "According to our newest information, Qi Sea Ancestor defeated Zhang Yin using a single move, Zhang Yin is a famous Eastern Sea rank eight lone immortal, but he could not fight back at all. Qi Sea Ancestor’s battle strength is very terrifying, after this battle, his reputation soared, even more Eastern Sea Gu Immortals attend his banquet now." Fairy Zi Wei showed a worried look.


 Duke Long nodded: "Even for me, achieving this would not be easy. It seems that Qi Sea Ancestor has gotten stronger, according to his words, his battle strength rose after comprehending Primordial Origin true inheritance."


 After defeating Zhang Yin, Fang Yuan declared frankly to the Eastern Sea immortals: His battle strength had risen once again, it was because he obtained Primordial Origin’s qi path true inheritance from Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long continued to speak: "Since Qi Sea Ancestor said that, it shows that he is close to Heavenly Court, but still wants to remain as a neutral party. This person can be swayed towards us."


 Qi Sea Ancestor had stayed in seclusion for so long even though he had strength that rivaled Duke Long, it showed that he had no ambitions to begin with.


 Even if he had ambitions now, he was definitely more attracted to Heavenly Court, which had the complete true inheritance of Primordial Origin.


 As Qi Sea Ancestor stayed as a neutral party, Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei became more assured of his stand.


 It was not just Qi Sea Ancestor’s personality, but also his lifespan that affected their judgment.


 Lifespan was the biggest element that restricted a Gu Immortal great expert.


 Qi Sea Ancestor looked like someone who was going to die soon, after all, using lifespan Gu would allow one to regain their youthful appearance.


 He was so old already, he likely used many lifespan extension methods. These methods all had flaws, they would make lifespan Gu ineffective.


 Duke Long did not have much longer to live, but he believed that Qi Sea Ancestor was in a similar state.


 Fairy Zi Wei suddenly said: "Since Qi Sea Ancestor said that, we can send Gu Immortals to openly attend his banquet. Even if we did not receive his invitation, now that the entire world knows that Qi Sea Ancestor took our inheritance, even if we suggest a transaction, he cannot reject our visit."


 Duke Long agreed with this suggestion, even if it failed, they would successfully probe Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Right now, the regions’ changes were not good for Heavenly Court, only Eastern Sea was relatively calmer. Heavenly Court wanted to make use of this, to ensure that at least Eastern Sea’s forces were on neutral terms with them.


 Eastern Sea, above qi sea.


 Ever since Fang Yuan defeated Zhang Yin, the number of people visiting this place had increased, the number of people attending his banquet multiplied rapidly.


 The Gu Immortals who came would first go to pay respects to Qi Sea Ancestor, to take a look at this number one Eastern Sea Gu Immortal.


 Qi Sea Ancestor and Duke Long’s battle was already known to all five regions. After defeating Zhang Yin, Qi Sea Ancestor became recognized as the number one Eastern Sea expert, nobody doubted him anymore.


 The entire world was deceived by Fang Yuan.


 Zhang Yin was one of the Four Dragon Generals, he cooperated with Fang Yuan and because of the immortal formation under qi sea, Qi Sea Ancestor’s attack showed an incredibly powerful aura.


 Nobody knew that Zhang Yin was under control, even Duke Long did not know of Dream Token. In the previous life, he only found out the secret of the Four Dragon Generals after obtaining Dragon Palace by force.


 Nobody guessed that Qi Sea Ancestor and Fang Yuan were the same person. After all, Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level while Qi Sea Ancestor was a genuine rank eight. Fang Yuan tried to conceal the secret of the sovereign immortal aperture to the best of his ability, he gave up some short term benefits and obtained a much greater reward for it at this moment.


 Xie Bao Shu arrived.


 He was handsome and had a warm aura, he looked like a graceful young master, he was a famous lone cultivator in Eastern Sea. He had a unique method of nurturing vicissitude trees, he was once a major seller of year Gu, but Fang Yuan ruined that business. In the previous life, he had worked with You Xian Zi to snatch the moonlight mushrooms of Fairy Yue Hua.


 Zui Xian Weng came too.


 He was a rarely seen food path Gu Immortal, he was also the owner of Eastern Sea’s wine sea. He had a collection of countless wines, he held a wine reception every year. This time, he brought a thousand jars of top tier wines and gave them to Qi Sea Ancestor as a gift.


 Seven Seas Snake Woman arrived.


 This was a beautiful but dangerous woman, she was very ruthless in her actions. Even though she was a lone immortal, she owned seven sea areas, this showed her strength. At the same time, she was one of the six beauties of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, on par with Song Yi Shi.


 Great Treasury Immortal arrived too.


 This person cultivated information path, he was dressed in a gentlemanly attire, he had long sleeves that fluttered in the wind. In the previous life, he invaded Central Continent too, he stole Mi Lan Guang’s rank seven immortal material electrolytic iron starflower.


 The qi sea banquet caused a storm in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, all sorts of people showed up one after another.


 Among them, there were more lone immortals than righteous path immortals.


 Eastern Sea had more lone immortals than the other four regions to begin with, and they had the most abundant resources. At the same time, the righteous path had a lot of territory that needed guarding, lone immortals could move more freely than them.


 "I, Central Continent Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang, bring a gift to meet Qi Sea Ancestor, please forgive my intrusion without an invitation." Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang arrived.


 The banquet became silent, countless gazes looked towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled and laughed in a light tone: "An esteemed guest has arrived, what forgiveness do you speak of? The sea is wide and draws in all tributaries linked to it, my Eastern Sea is the same, how can we not have this bit of tolerance? Please take a seat."


 Fang Yuan waved his sleeve, a seat was formed again. Even though it was located at a good position, it was below the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals’ seats.


 Seeing this, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals’ expressions relaxed.


 Eastern Sea was the most tolerant towards other regions’ Gu Immortals compared to the rest of the five regions, but they still had some sort of exclusion.


 Fang Yuan had already expected Central Continent’s Gu Immortals to come here.


 The truth was, he had been waiting for Heavenly Court’s envoy to come here.


 Fang Yuan looked around, he saw that almost everyone was here, he started to speak: "Everyone, I have something to say."


 The place became silent again, everyone held their breaths, waiting for Fang Yuan’s speech.


 Jun Shen Guang saw this and became internally shocked: Qi Sea Ancestor had only appeared for such a short time but his reputation in Eastern Sea had already reached this stage!


 Nobody dared to ignore a single sentence from Qi Sea Ancestor, in fact not a single phrase, or a single word.


 Fang Yuan did not say a lot of things but he expressed his own political views — peaceful coexistence and mutual understanding, uphold justice and resolve conflicts.


 Finally, he said: "This banquet is not to simply gather everyone here, it is also a transaction event, an auction and also a battle stage. If anyone has conflict, you can engage in a duel to resolve it, I can be the judge here with all the Eastern Sea friends witnessing it. If anyone needs resources or has anything to sell, you can step up and state your requests. Every year from now on, at this time period, I will hold qi sea banquets. Of course, I will not charge any transaction fees."


 "Ancestor is wise."


 "Ancestor is impartial and magnanimous, we are in deep admiration."


 Eastern Sea’s immortals quickly praised.


 Jun Shen Guang shook internally: Qi Sea Ancestor is using this move to increase his influence over Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. Great strength would lead to admiration while great benefits would lead to influence and power.


 Furthermore, he was going to hold qi sea banquets every year!


 Jun Shen Guang could predict the qi sea banquets would get larger and larger, they would involve the entire Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world. When the five regions merge, Gu Immortals from the other regions would even come over, in time, Qi Sea Ancestor’s influence would not just affect Eastern Sea but the entire five regions!



***
Chapter 1885 Banquet Transactions, Heart Blood Appears


***





 



 Qi sea banquet.


 Transactions were undergoing.


 A Gu Immortal walked up the stage, he wore a black robe and had messy hair. He raised his head and showed his appearance, it was an Eastern Sea lone immortal, Wu Ma Yang.


 He had an aquiline nose and his gaze was dark, he seemed to have an injury, he coughed while taking out a shell that was floating in the air.


 The Eastern Sea immortals looked over, they recognized what it was and quickly showed disappointed expressions.


 This was the shell of a small music clam, it was a rank seven immortal material.


 Music clams were ordinary clams that contained sound path dao marks. When they grow to desolate beast level, their size would increase, they would become giant music clams. After becoming an ancient desolate beast, their size would shrink again, becoming small music clams.


 The small music clam that Wu Ma Yang took out was dead and had no vitality, it was merely a rank seven sound path immortal material.


 But Wu Ma Yang smiled coldly: "Everyone, calm down, why would I dare to embarrass myself at ancestor’s banquet? I am not selling this small music clam, but the music stored inside."


 Saying so, Wu Ma Yang cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: "Ancestor, please pardon my rude action."


 Qi Sea Ancestor nodded lightly.


 In truth, Fang Yuan and Wu Ma Yang had met long ago. Back then in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan sold bone spike Immortal Gu to Wu Ma Yang.


 After getting Fang Yuan’s agreement, he used his method and opened a slit in the small music clam.


 Instantly, everyone heard a crying sound emitting from within it.


 This voice was very weak, it was like a sobbing sound that had a music rhythm to it, if someone tried to investigate it, they would be restrained by this voice, they would get weaker and unable to resist it. Mortals would definitely fall prey to it, even Gu Immortals would get lightly injured or die if it was a severe situation.


 However, after Wu Ma Yang let it emit its sound for a while, he shut it tight, the small music clam became silent, many Gu Immortals sighed in pity before alerting themselves, they had been affected by it.


 "This is rank seven immortal material ghostly wail."


 "Ancestor has great knowledge, I am willing to exchange this ghostly wail for any rank seven dark path immortal material of equal value. It would be best if you have any black hole wood or dark thread algae." Wu Ma Yang announced.


 The Gu Immortals below were silent for a while before someone said: "I have dark thread algae."


 Wu Ma Yang nodded in joy, he was about to answer when someone said: "I have black hole wood, I will exchange for your ghostly wail."


 After some negotiation, Wu Ma Yang left the stage in satisfaction.


 In the recent years, due to the five regions’ Earth Trenches emerging, Eastern Sea gained an abundant source of cultivation resources even though they had the fewest Earth Trenches.


 Wu Ma Yang’s ghostly wail was likely obtained from them.


 Even though Eastern Sea Gu Immortals interacted often and held auctions commonly, they were mostly small events, how could they be as large as Fang Yuan’s banquet. The qi sea banquet involved the entire Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world after all!


 Treasure yellow heaven’s transactions had gone up in numbers due to the Earth Trenches, but treasure yellow heaven charged a fee for every transaction done.


 The transaction fee of treasure yellow heaven varied according to the intensity of the treasure light, therefore, the more valuable the transaction item, the higher the transaction fee one would have to pay.


 Rank seven immortal materials were already quite valuable, Wu Ma Yang tried to save as much cost as he could.


 After Wu Ma Yang walked down, another Gu Immortal went up, selling a lump of fire.


 This fire was yellow inside and orange outside, it was filled with deep death energy. Once it was taken out, the surrounding air became dry like a desert, the temperature rose sharply.


 "This is drought zombie flame." The Gu Immortal who sold this flame smiled.


 He came from Su clan, an Eastern Sea super force, he was called Su Lun, a righteous path member.


 Fang Yuan arranged them in the order of one righteous path followed by one lone immortal, this arrangement clearly took the Eastern Sea lone immortals into consideration, it was welcomed by them. And most wonderfully, he did not allocate any spots for demonic path Gu Immortals, it showed a certain political attitude of Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path did not get upset by this arrangement, after all, Qi Sea Ancestor was a lone cultivator in Eastern Sea himself.


 The drought zombie flame caused a slight commotion, it was a rank eight level flame, Fang Yuan had to wave his hand lightly as he forced the flame to gather into a tight lump.


 The temperature of the qi sea banquet gradually returned to normal.


 "I am sure many people know what flame this is already. But I am not just selling the flame today, I am also adding in a drought immortal zombie lifespan extension method. This method can allow a Gu Immortal who is near their lifespan limit to use the flame and become a drought immortal zombie. I am sure everyone has heard of the drought immortal zombie, its battle strength rivals rank eight Gu Immortals."


 But there was a lack of interest in this among the Gu Immortals.


 Currently, everyone knew about Heavenly Court’s plan to repair fate Gu. Once they succeed, immortal zombies would likely cease to exist. If fate is restored, the world would not allow dead people to exist, they would all need to remain dead.


 Therefore, becoming a drought immortal zombie did not have good prospects.


 After a while, a Gu Immortal asked: "Can a rank seven Gu Immortal convert into a drought immortal zombie as well?"


 Su Lun nodded: "Of course, but the drought immortal zombie body would not be complete, it would only be a small drought immortal zombie, the battle strength will also be at rank seven."


 He did not dare to deceive anyone, in this situation, experts were everywhere, they would likely notice the truth. By then, he would have publicly offended Qi Sea Ancestor, a rank eight great expert, at his banquet, that was a problem that Su Lun and Su clan would not want to create.


 When Eastern Sea’s righteous path sent representatives to this banquet, did anyone not bring gifts along with them?


 In contrast, only a small portion of the lone and demonic immortals did this.


 After all, Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces had a lot of territory and businesses, they needed a good relationship with Qi Sea Ancestor. Meanwhile, most of the lone and demonic immortals were alone, they did not have much restraints.


 Su Lun did not manage to make any trades in the end.


 But a few Gu Immortals expressed their interest, they were willing to negotiate, it might be sold if the cost was lowered enough.


 "This drought zombie flame likely came from Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance." Fang Yuan thought to himself, he had obtained the inventory list of Zombie Alliance from Shadow Sect’s inheritance, among which, there were several drought zombie flames in Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance headquarters.


 Back then, Spectral Soul tried to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he exposed Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance. Spectral Soul failed, Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance was mobilized in the effort and reduced to nothing, it was wiped out by the combined effort of Eastern Sea’s righteous path.


 Looking at the location, Su clan was one of the closest forces to Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance headquarters. Other than them, there was Qing Yue clan, Song clan, and Hua clan.


 After the drought zombie flame, another Eastern Sea Gu Immortal walked up the stage.


 He slowly walked up and took glances at Qi Sea Ancestor from time to time. He saw that Fang Yuan had no response, his eyes were shut and he was relaxed.


 This Eastern Sea Gu Immortal calmed down slightly, he let out a breath of air as he said in a hoarse voice: "I came here to exchange Immortal Gu."


 Saying this, he spread open his hand and revealed an Immortal Gu.


 Instantly, a bloody smell spread out rapidly, many of the immortals’ hearts pounded intensely.


 This was the first Immortal Gu transaction since the banquet started!


 Everyone focused their attention and looked at this ladybug-like Gu, it was small and delicate, with a bright red shell and an iron-black belly and head. Listening closely, one could seem to hear a thumping heartbeat from inside the ladybug. The sound of this heartbeat was very faint, but the more one listened, the louder and louder it got, echoing with the rhythm of the heartbeat of the Gu Immortal, thus affecting the heartbeat of the Gu Immortal as well.


 The immortals were a little shocked, some of the weaker rank six Gu Immortals here grunted, some had pale faces, they were evidently affected.


 "What Immortal Gu is this? Even Gu Immortals got injured, while mortals definitely cannot approach it."


 "It is clearly a blood path Immortal Gu."


 "This Drowning Uncle is too daring, he is publicly selling a blood path Immortal Gu at the qi sea banquet, is he not afraid that Qi Sea Ancestor and the Eastern Sea righteous path members would take action?"


 "Drowning Uncle is a demonic path immortal, who in Eastern Sea does not know that? Ancestor did not state that demonic immortals could get on stage but he still walked up so fearlessly."


 The immortals conversed among themselves, the righteous path Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, Drowning Uncle had killed countless people, but now he was feeling trepidation too.


 He cultivated water path but was specialized at dealing with water path Gu Immortals, he drowned countless mortals and even targeted many Gu Immortals of the righteous path, he was a heinous person with many sins committed.


 Until now, he was still under the arrest warrant of five super forces in Eastern Sea.


 During normal times, the righteous path Gu Immortals would have ganged up to attack him already, but now was the qi sea banquet, it was Qi Sea Ancestor’s event, who would dare to act rashly here?


 Regarding Drowning Uncle’s matter, all the Gu Immortals turned to look at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was still calm and composed, as if he was resting, he said nothing.


 After looking at Fang Yuan for a while, they gradually understood that Qi Sea Ancestor was likely not going to take action here.


 Drowning Uncle became very excited, he had made the right gamble! He was greatly daring, if not, why would he go against Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces? At the same time, he was meticulous and did not take risks blindly.


 "Since ancestor allowed me to join the banquet, it meant that he would not do anything to me. Otherwise, he could have done so when I arrived. Such a person is high and mighty, why would he spend effort on a small fry like me?"


 Thinking so, Drowning Uncle spoke: "This is rank seven heart blood Immortal Gu, I caught it inside an Earth Trench, will anyone exchange for it?"


 After a momentary silence, many Gu Immortals quickly bid for it.


 But no righteous path member took part.


 Blood path was created by Blood Sea Ancestor, it had flourished for a while before the five regions’ righteous path suppressed and sealed it. Blood Sea Ancestor was extremely capable, he actually set up his blood path inheritance in all five regions, causing blood path to continue existing until today, while the righteous path forces all tried to research on it secretly.


 Transactions of Immortal Gu were only done through exchange for other Immortal Gu.


 There was no bidding here, it only depended on what Immortal Gu Drowning Uncle wanted.


 There were many Gu Immortals who wanted to exchange for it, many took out water path Immortal Gu. Water path was the most common path in Eastern Sea, the number of water path Immortal Gu was also highest in Eastern Sea.


 This heart blood Immortal Gu had incredible strength just from seeing it, it would have a great effect if used in battle.


 In normal situations, Gu Immortals could not cultivate many paths due to conflicting dao marks. But Eastern Sea had many Gu Immortals cultivating blood path, most of those primarily cultivated blood path, while several rank sevens and sixes cultivated it on the side.


 Seeing this, Eastern Sea’s righteous path Gu Immortals had even uglier expressions.


 Eastern Sea had many secluded cultivators, but to think that only heart blood Immortal Gu would cause so many blood path Gu Immortals to show themselves.


 But Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, blood path was extremely popular, after the five regions merged, the number of blood path Gu Immortals rose drastically, by the time of the five regions chaotic war, blood path became a mainstream path that could not be banned anymore.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan was one of these people.


 "I can try to get this heart blood Immortal Gu, Song Zi Xing’s inheritance had a heart blood premonition killer move, it is most appropriate to use this heart blood Immortal Gu as the core."


 Fang Yuan developed this thought, Zhang Yin started to speak: "I want this heart blood Immortal Gu, I have several rank seven water path Immortal Gu, you can pick any one of them. Furthermore, I will owe you a favor."


 This was the first time a rank eight Gu Immortal had spoken in the auction, the surroundings went silent the moment he spoke.



***
Chapter 1886 Red Heart Leaves, New Board Owner


***





 



 The moment Zhang Yin spoke, because of his rank eight dominance, all the competitors backed off.


 Not only could they not outbid a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if they did, they would have offended this rank eight lone immortal.


 Sometimes, lone immortals were scarier than righteous path rank eights, they were unrestrained and free, they did not have so many concerns like the righteous path members.


 As for why Zhang Yin had an interest in heart blood Immortal Gu, that was his business, the Gu Immortals could not ask him why.


 As the Heavenly Court representative, Jun Shen Guang watched this with deep worry.


 Qi Sea Ancestor hosted this banquet that publicly traded Immortal Gu and immortal materials, it satisfied the needs of many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 After this banquet, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals would have an abundance of suitable cultivation resources, their battle strength would rise sharply.


 This was great news for Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, but for Heavenly Court, it was not so good.


 Especially after Qi Sea Ancestor declared earlier that this qi sea banquet would be held annually! That was very frequent, Jun Shen Guang could not help but think: Is this Qi Sea Ancestor too free and bored? He wants to hold banquets every year, isn’t it tiring? Different from treasure yellow heaven and other auctions, he is not collecting any fees, what is he after then?


 "It seems that Qi Sea Ancestor is not without ambitions, he is trying to raise his reputation. Making use of the qi sea banquets to solifidy his influence and reputation every year, in the future, whether he joins Heavenly Court or stays in Eastern Sea, he will benefit greatly."


 "I heard that Qi Sea Ancestor has many descendants, in the future, when these people roam Eastern Sea under Qi Sea Ancestor’s name, they will be well received by every force they visit."


 As a Heavenly Court rank eight, Jun Shen Guang was astute, he gradually saw through some arrangements and plans.


 At this moment, information came from Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei told Jun Shen Guang that he had to cooperate with other Gu Immortals and buy heart blood Immortal Gu without raising any suspicions.


 Jun Shen Guang frowned.


 He was not confused about why Heavenly Court wanted this blood path Immortal Gu, the truth was, Heavenly Court had been researching blood path all along, with great success.


 Jun Shen Guang felt troubled as he transmitted secretly: "The situation has changed, earlier, Zhang Yin took action and bid for this heart blood Immortal Gu using a high price."


 Fairy Zi Wei who was in Heavenly Court hesitated for a moment, she arranged: "Then continue to observe them, I will ask others to do it."


 Jun Shen Guang was a Heavenly Court representative, if he fought with Zhang Yin over a blood path Immortal Gu, Heavenly Court’s reputation would take a huge hit.


 In Fairy Zi Wei’s original plan, he was only meant to help out.


 Heavenly Court placed great importance on this qi sea banquet, they sent people like Jun Shen Guang to come openly, but there were also secret members that were hidden among the rank six and seven immortals.


 "Haha, this is a coincidence, I am interested in this heart blood Immortal Gu as well." Yang Jun suddenly spoke.


 Right when Zhang Yin thought that he was about to succeed, this Eastern Sea rank eight lone immortal also joined the competition.


 This change of events stunned many immortals, even Fang Yuan became slightly puzzled as surprise flashed in his eyes.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Yang Jun participated in the battle over Dragon Palace.


 He had an Immortal Gu House called Fragrant Treasure Horse Chariot, while chasing after Dragon Palace, he found Fang Yuan’s traces and ruined his chances of sneaking up on it.


 Afterwards, Yang Jun suddenly helped out Duke Long and helped him to suppress the rank eight Immortal Gu House’s resistance, before capturing it.


 After that, Yang Jun went into concealment and vanished without a trace.


 During the battle of repairing fate Gu, Yang Jun did not appear to help Heavenly Court.


 During the battle, Heavenly Court was in a difficult spot, there was no way they would have any forces left unused. But Yang Jun did not show up, this showed that he was not a Heavenly Court member, he likely had some sort of agreement with Heavenly Court and would only act once for them.


 "Then, is he working for Heavenly Court now?" Fang Yuan had a thought that flashed by.


 This was not easy to deduce.


 Even with Fang Yuan’s deep wisdom path attainment, due to the lack of clues and evidence, he could not be sure of it.


 Regardless of the situation, Fang Yuan instructed Zhang Yin to act more forcefully and try to obtain this Immortal Gu.


 Thus, Zhang Yin smiled: "Yang Jun, the truth is I really like this Immortal Gu. If you insist, maybe we can spar to decide this?"


 Yang Jun frowned as he thought: "Zhang Yin wants this Immortal Gu even if he has to fight? Qi Sea Ancestor was able to defeat him in one move because of his overwhelming strength! But if I fight him, it will likely be a draw."


 "Sigh, do I continue this and help Heavenly Court?"


 Yang Jun fell into hesitation.


 When he was at his lowest, he received Heavenly Court’s help, he owed them one favor, promising he would do one thing for them.


 This favor was just too heavy to bear, it became Yang Jun’s worry eventually.


 Yang Jun thought about it, he decided to repay Heavenly Court’s favor and resolve this agreement.


 "This is a good chance, if I do not act here, during the five regions chaotic war, Heavenly Court will ask me to deal with Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals and I won’t be able to reject them."


 "Thankfully, I know about Drowning Uncle’s situation."


 Thinking about this, Yang Jun smiled: "Zhang Yin, don’t be so impatient. It is not important to spar, this heart blood Immortal Gu belongs to Drowning Uncle, I am sure that this water path Immortal Gu I am offering will satisfy him greatly."


 Saying so, Yang Jun took out an Immortal Gu.


 Drowning Uncle saw it and beame overjoyed, he shouted: "Let’s do it, I’ll exchange for this Immortal Gu."


 Zhang Yin was dazed.


 What could he do now? Everyone was watching, he could not snatch it, otherwise, Qi Sea Ancestor would need to stop him.


 Even though they were in cahoots, they needed to act under their respective roles now.


 They had to keep up the act after all.


 Zhang Yin could not take action, neither could Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Right at this moment, Yang Jun stood up from his seat, he grabbed onto heart blood Immortal Gu and tossed the water path Immortal Gu to the other party.


 The immortals showed varying expressions.


 Yang Jun moved extremely quickly, he had evidently used an immortal killer move, wasn’t he too impatient?


 Yang Jun let out a breath of air, he relaxed as he sat down, placing heart blood Immortal Gu into treasure yellow heaven.


 Buying or selling Immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven was very costly, but Heavenly Court did not mind it with their huge assets.


 Fairy Zi Wei obtained heart blood Immortal Gu and quickly gave it to someone else.


 This person cultivated within Demon Judgment Board all his time, after getting heart blood Immortal Gu, he shouted in joy: "Success has arrived!"


 He got out of Demon Judgment Board, all the surroundings surged with blood light, fragrance spread as clouds resounded with immortal music, bloody petals flew in the sky like raining flowers.


 He was tall and had a handsome face, he smiled lightly and had a headband on his forehead, there was a lump of blood light behind his head.


 A formless flight of stairs seemed to have formed in the air as he walked down slowly.


 Fang Zheng was cultivating in front of the Demon Judgment Board, upon seeing this, he knelt on the ground and said: "Fang Zheng greets master!"


 "Get up, my disciple. I have gotten a crucial Immortal Gu, the blood path method that I conceptualized my entire life finally has its core and foundation. After staying in this Demon Judgment Board for hundreds of years, it is finally time for me to leave."


 This rank eight Gu Immortal spoke warmly, he stretched his arm as a formless force helped Gu Yue Fang Zheng to stand up.


 Fang Zheng cupped his fist again: "Congratulations, master."


 Ever since the Eastern Sea journey, he got captured by Shen Cong Sheng and was brought back to Heavenly Court afterwards.


 Qin Ding Ling observed his luck, she suggested to Fairy Zi Wei that he could be the next Demon Judgment Board Lord.


 After Fairy Zi Wei discussed with Duke Long, they agreed to this.


 Fang Zheng thus came to the Demon Judgment Board to cultivate, he became the disciple of the current Demon Judgment Board Lord.


 Demon Judgment Board was a rank eight Immortal Gu House with a long history. When Blood Sea Ancestor caused chaos in the five regions, Heavenly Court sensed danger and a Heavenly Court predecessor followed the revelation of fate Gu, finding a wild blood relation Immortal Gu.


 Blood relation Immortal Gu was rank eight, after Heavenly Court captured it, they added it to Demon Judgment Board. This caused every single blood path cultivator in the world to be detected by Demon Judgment Board as long as they were not rank nine.


 Heavenly Court relied on the information from Demon Judgment Board to execute their plans and exterminate the budding blood path trend in Central Continent. Furthermore, they passed the news from Demon Judgment Board to the other four regions, allowing their righteous path forces to deal with blood path more effectively.


 Blood path had not flourished, it was suppressed fiercely, Demon Judgment Board was the key contributor to this.


 After Blood Sea Ancestor created blood path, Heavenly Court had been researching it, their gains were the greatest compared to any force in the world.


 The current Demon Judgment Board Lord, Red Heart Traveler, was a sole blood path cultivator, he had been in closed cultivation in Demon Judgment Board for years, researching and gaining great results, he allowed Heavenly Court’s blood path to be far ahead of the five regions.


 Spiritual light flashed as Nine Spiritual Fairy suddenly appeared, she went to Red Heart Traveler: "Red Heart, I was ordered to come here and gather with you, we are going to Western Desert to find trouble with Fang clan."


 Red Heart Traveler nodded slightly, instructing Fang Zheng before he left: "Demon Judgment Board cannot be without an owner at all times, my disciple, you will take over as Demon Judgment Board Lord after I leave. My inheritance is inside the board, not just that, the cultivation experiences of the past generations of Board Lords are also inside. From now on, you will cultivate inside Demon Judgment Board, it will benefit you greatly, I hope you can work hard and not slacken, don’t waste this fortune."


 "Yes master, I will remember your teachings, I will never forget it." Gu Yue Fang Zheng quickly replied.


 "Mm." Red Heart Traveler nodded before turning around and leaving.


 He and Gu Yue Fang Zheng had a very shallow relationship, if Fairy Zi Wei had not given orders, he would not have taken him in as a disciple.


 Their relationship however, provided him a huge help.


 "Luck is truly profound and mystical. Earlier, Senior Qin Ding Ling told me that if I accept Fang Zheng as my disciple, once we become master and disciple in name, I would be able to use his luck to aid in my own cultivation."


 "To think that I gained so much in just a short period of time, before leaving, I should go and visit Senior Qin Ding Ling first." Red Heart Traveler said with deep emotions.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy nodded.


 They were in no rush for time.


 After Qin Ding Ling returned to Heavenly Court, she stayed in a specialized Immortal Gu palace.


 After the two met Qin Ding Ling, she inspected their luck, Nine Spiritual Fairy’s luck had nine spiritual lights, they were clear and clean, like leaves after withstanding a storm, they brought benefit to the world, giving off an aura of prosperity.


 Red Heart Traveler’s luck was like a sun or blood pill, it was round and perfect without any flaws, it had just emerged from the clouds, grand and vast, it was truly an amazing sight. This showed that after years of closed cultivation, Red Heart Traveler had finally emerged to travel the world, he was going to spread his radiance throughout the five regions.


 Qin Ding Ling smiled as she told them that this would be a smooth trip, as long as they followed the plan, nothing bad would happen.


 After the two said goodbye to Qin Ding Ling, they flew in the sky, passing by Embroidered Tower, they saw a Gu Immortal stationed there in a daze, not moving at all.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy looked down at Red Heart Traveler as she sighed: "This is Feng Jiu Ge, after the loss in the River of Time, he became this despondent."


 Red Heart Traveler shook his head as his expression turned grim: "He is comprehending his Dao now, when I was in closed cultivation in the board, I often fell into this state, we cannot interrupt him."


 Nine Spiritual Fairy showed a look of surprise: "Oh? No wonder Fairy Zi Wei is letting him do as he pleases. I am embarrassed, I inherited the nine spiritual transformations inheritance, I have cultivated it wholeheartedly and did not modify it, so I was unaware of this."


 Red Heart Traveler consoled her: "Your nine spiritual transformations is the greatest transformation path inheritance in Heavenly Court, it has been modified by countless generations of predecessors, it is near the point of perfection that cannot be modified any further."


 Even though he cultivated blood path, he had an extremely gentle temperament, he was as soothing as the spring winds.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy smiled: "Back then, when master gave me the true inheritance, he said my aptitude was insufficient. Compared to geniuses like you, I can only feel admiration and envy."


 The two immortals talked and laughed as they left Central Heaven Gate, entering white heaven and going towards Western Desert.



***
Chapter 1887 Banquet Ends, Desire to Enter Dragon Whale


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 Swish swish swish!


 Waves crashed onto the rocks by the island shore, bursting into white bubbles upon impact.


 Wicked winds howled, the sky was dark.


 This uninhabited island was not eye-catching in the huge Eastern Sea, but it actually hid four Gu Immortals.


 The four Gu Immortals were injured, one was lying down, either dead or alive, the other three were sitting and trying to heal their injuries.


 A moment later, someone coughed as he spat out mouthfuls of blood.


 "Lord!" The other two immortals who were still conscious quickly stopped healing their injuries as they gathered towards him.


 The person coughing blood was Miao Ming Shen.


 This Gu Immortal cultivated space path, he had rank seven cultivation level, he was famous among Eastern Sea’s lone immortals, he had a huge network and influence.


 Miao Ming Shen was neither tall nor short, neither fat nor thin. In terms of appearance, he looked ordinary, only his flat and wide nose left a heavy impression on others.


 In terms of appearance, he was unassuming. But he was an ambitious person, being very good at building relationships, he had a lot of charisma. Three Eastern Sea lone immortals, Immortal Hua Die, Feng Jiang, and Gui Qi Ye all looked to Miao Ming Shen as their leader, the four were a group of Gu Immortals with common interests.


 But now, Gui Qi Ye was unconscious, his body was covered in a poisonous purple color, he was in great danger.


 Miao Ming Shen wiped the blood off his face as he spoke with a pale expression: "My injuries... cough cough.. are not an issue! Gui Qi Ye’s condition is more severe."


 "That’s right, Gui Qi Ye was hit by the ice poison starfish, we do not have the way to heal him." Immortal Hua Die was very worried.


 Feng Jiang’s expression was cold as ice: "The ice poison starfish might have a troublesome poison, but I’ve heard that Su Chen and Fairy Jiu Yue can heal it."


 Miao Ming Shen shook his head and sighed: "Fairy Jiu Yue has some relationship with Ren Xiu Ping while Su Chen is attending the qi sea banquet, we cannot go and expose our identities and secrets. We can only rely on ourselves to heal him. I intend to use the extreme time pole to exchange for underworld yellow water and cleanse the poison of the ice poison starfish."


 "Lord..." Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang were both moved.


 Miao Ming Shen laughed: "Just one rank eight immortal material to save Gui Qi Ye, it is worth the price. Speaking of which, we need to thank that demon Fang Yuan, if he did not defeat Heavenly Court this time, they would not have purchased time path immortal materials from treasure yellow heaven so frantically."


 Immortal Hua Die nodded as she sighed: "Indeed, that demon Fang Yuan actually obtained a Red Lotus true inheritance, he is able to control the stone lotus island, Heavenly Court suffered a great defeat, their losses were too severe!"


 Feng Jiang was a little worried: "This demon Fang Yuan is too crafty, Heavenly Court is without options against him. Now that Fang Yuan has a Red Lotus true inheritance, he is finally a huge influence. If he is not stopped, this Fang Yuan will become more terrifying, the entire world will be threatened by him."


 Immortal Hua Die smiled: "Feng, you are worrying too much, how can any of us deal with a powerful person like Fang Yuan, the world is so huge, will we ever meet him? Even if heaven collapses, giants will hold up the sky. Heavenly Court will not let him off, we just need to watch this quietly."


 This time, Fang Yuan used the stone lotus island to cause great harm to Heavenly Court, he naturally did not waste this chance, he put up the video of Heavenly Court losing in treasure yellow heaven, letting the entire world view it.


 This way, Fang Yuan’s reputation and prestige rose again, while Heavenly Court’s fame was heavily damaged.


 It was logical that Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang knew about this situation.


 But what they did not know was, Fang Yuan had disguised as Chu Ying and got close to them, he saved their lives before.


 Miao Ming Shen sighed deeply to himself.


 He had deep ambitions, he was not willing to lead a normal life.


 Otherwise, he would not create a wide network and many connections, he even got the loyalty of Feng Jiang, Immortal Hua Die, and Gui Qi Ye.


 As an ambitious Gu Immortal, he had a complex feeling towards Fang Yuan’s rise and immense strength.


 Fang Yuan’s rise was too fast, it had not been a hundred years, he already went from a mortal Gu Master to a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 And how long did Miao Ming Shen take?


 Hundreds of years!


 In just this last period of time, Miao Ming Shen watched the rise of Fang Yuan, it was like a drama that played out before him.


 Except he was not the main character.


 He felt that both he and Fang Yuan were rank seven Gu Immortals, it was just that Fang Yuan had a rank eight Immortal Gu House and controlled the stone lotus island, which resulted in his victory over Heavenly Court.


 But what about himself?


 Miao Ming Shen looked at himself, he was truly pathetic!


 He was heavily injured, Gui Qi Ye was on the verge of death while Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die were both injured. The cause of this was his enemy Ren Xiu Ping, who aggressively chased after them.


 He was truly full of problems both internally and externally.


 At this moment, Miao Ming Shen even questioned himself, was he wrong in trying to expand his network these years, was he wrong in getting the loyalty of these three immortals after so much hard work? If he was not wrong, why did he end up in this state?


 He thought of Qi Sea Ancestor next.


 Qi Sea Ancestor held his qi sea banquet and invited the Gu Immortals of Eastern Sea, it was such a huge event that Miao Ming Shen had heard of it long ago, he wanted to attend it. But because of Ren Xiu Ping, he had to hide himself, he had lost this opportunity as a result.


 Miao Ming Shen felt deep admiration and envy towards Qi Sea Ancestor.


 "If I can follow Qi Sea Ancestor’s example and cultivate in seclusion, would I be able to get stronger, would I avoid suffering from the devious schemes of Ren Xiu Ping?"


 Miao Ming Shen gritted his teeth, he quickly dispelled this thought that wavered his determination.


 He let out a breath of air, he said to Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die: "Fang Yuan is having a good life, he is backed by several venerables and does not lack cultivation resources, he is also an otherworldly demon and has control of Spring Autumn Cicada."


 After pausing for a while, he added: "He is far beyond us, let’s save Old Gui first before we leave this place."


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die nodded in agreement.


 Miao Ming Shen immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven and used the extreme time pole to exchange for underworld yellow water.


 The transaction process was very smooth and no unexpected mishaps occurred.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court not only occupied the River of Time to restrict Fang Yuan from finding the stone lotus islands, they even worked with Southern Border’s righteous path to suppress Fang Yuan in treasure yellow heaven, stopping his businesses and aggressively buying time path immortal materials.


 But in this life, Heavenly Court was in a much poorer state. Even though they still allied with Southern Border’s righteous path and suppressed Fang Yuan’s businesses in treasure yellow heaven, just their loss in the River of Time made them loss a huge amount of Immortal Gu, they needed to try to refine these time path Immortal Gu rapidly, they needed to refine them before Fang Yuan tried doing so.


 Thus, in this life, even though Heavenly Court did not lack time path immortal materials in their inventory, they intensified their actions of purchasing time path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven.


 Miao Ming Shen obtained the underworld yellow water much earlier than in the previous life.


 Of course, he did not know the cause of it.


 Next, Miao Ming Shen used the underworld yellow water to cleanse Gui Qi Ye’s entire body.


 He used just the right amount, after all, this water was also corrosive on an undefended Gu Immortal body.


 Gui Qi Ye was completely cleansed of the poison, he slowly woke up and thanked Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen said some words of encouragement as Gui Qi Ye’s eyes turned red from gratitude.


 The four finally had the time to catch a breather, they started to think about their situation, how would they get out of this and deal with that accursed Ren Xiu Ping!


 The four of them were just not enough.


 Ren Xiu Ping was an enslavement path expert, he could fight a group on his own, this time, there were more than just him around, Ren Xiu Ping’s group was far stronger and more numerous than Miao Ming Shen’s group.


 Gui Qi Ye pondered and said: "The reason why Ren Xiu Ping targeted us is because lord has the method to enter the blue dragon whale, it concerns Paradise Earth’s true inheritance. Right now, we need to use this secret and invite allies to explore that Paradise Earth true inheritance before Ren Xiu Ping. If we are late and Ren Xiu Ping spreads news of this, not only will we lose our initiative, we will also be the target of all the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals!"


 Miao Ming Shen nodded in agreement.


 Even though he did not like it, this was the only way now.


 Regarding the secret of the blue dragon whale, it was better if fewer people knew of it. It was a pity that Ren Xiu Ping plotted against Miao Ming Shen, news would spread in a short time.


 Following Gui Qi Ye’s method, not only would Miao Ming Shen gain a bunch of Gu Immortals to help him, gaining enough strength to fight Ren Xiu Ping and protect their own lives, they would even be able to explore the blue dragon whale, if they could gain anything inside, that would naturally be good.


 In this situation, he had to give up some of his potential future profits and share the secret with more people.


 Similar to the previous life, after Miao Ming Shen and the rest discussed this, they decided on the participating members, including Chu Ying.


 When Fang Yuan received the invitation, he was still hosting the qi sea banquet.


 During this period of time, more famous Eastern Sea Gu Immortals came to attend the banquet.


 For example, Dragon Head Tortoise Immortal in adversity sea.


 All sorts of famous people came, Fang Yuan gained a deeper understanding of Eastern Sea’s situation. Jun Shen Guang who was present also collected information here, the truth was, Southern Border, Northern Plains, and Western Desert also had people here trying to gain information, that went without saying!


 Even though this was Fang Yuan’s first qi sea banquet, it had already caused a huge impact and influence, the Gu Immortals of the five regions were very concerned.


 Eastern Sea had too many spare resources after all, during this period, more Gu Immortals started to trade Immortal Gu.


 Each transaction that succeeded meant that Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world would get slightly stronger, Jun Shen Guang and the rest felt deeper pressure.


 If Fang Yuan wanted any of these Immortal Gu or immortal materials, he would get Zhang Yin to buy them for him.


 He planned to stay here and remain motionless, he would just be a backdrop.


 But this backdrop was something nobody could ignore or look down on.


 "The time is about right, the qi sea banquet will end now." Fang Yuan spoke.


 The immortals were confused and felt perplexed, why was it ending so suddenly?


 Fang Yuan smiled warmly: "Transactions will never stop, how long would it take? Everyone here has important things to do, it is not good that I keep everyone waiting here. I held this banquet so that all of you Eastern Sea friends can meet up and have a nice gathering. Now, this goal has been achieved."


 The truth was, he had things to do now, these people should scram and get out of his way.


 Fang Yuan spoke politely, even if any Eastern Sea immortal was unhappy, they would not dare to defy the number one Eastern Sea immortal.


 The immortals quickly stood up and said their goodbyes to Fang Yuan.


 Song Qi Yuan and the rest left first, as leaders of their force, they were indeed busy with many things, they had a lot of territory to guard. Fang Yuan’s words were music in their ears.



***
Chapter 1888 Changes Midway


***





 



 Several days later, on a nameless island in Eastern Sea.


 Eight Gu Immortals finally gathered.


 Miao Ming Shen was the leader, other than him, Gui Qi Ye, Feng Jiang, and Immortal Hua Die were there. In addition, Zeng Luo Zi, Tu Tou Tuo, Tong Hua, and Fang Yuan were present.


 "Even though I was reborn, it seems that the influence has not reached Miao Ming Shen." Fang Yuan was disguised as Chu Ying, he observed without showing changes in his expression.


 Similar to the previous life, Miao Ming Shen chose the same people without changes.


 But Fang Yuan was very different now.


 He was in a much better state than in the previous life.


 In the previous life, at this time period, he could not annex Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he could only take the resources of Qi Sea grotto-heaven and the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven, consuming a portion of time. As for the rank nine killer move heaven form, it was still resisting Fang Yuan’s refinement and was not his yet.


 And most regrettably, his plans in green ghost desert had failed, his soul path cultivation was obstructed and could not progress. At the same time, his guts Gu productions fell drastically.


 In this life, at this point, he had already annexed Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he had rank eight cultivation level and even became Qi Sea Ancestor, obtaining huge political power. Heaven form was refined long ago, but he did not find more grotto-heavens.


 Green ghost desert developed rapidly, his soul path cultivation also progressed smoothly. The production of guts Gu was also many times of his highest records in history.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court dominated the River of Time, Fang Yuan had to fight desperately to escape.


 But in this life, Fang Yuan dominated the River of Time, Heavenly Court suffered severe losses and their prestige was greatly affected. Despite this, Heavenly Court had no choice but to continue building Immortal Gu Houses, to send more reinforcements into the River of Time, they could not allow Fang Yuan to dominate the River of Time alone and find another Red Lotus true inheritance.


 His position in the River of Time was easy to defend while hard to attack, Fang Yuan also had many arrangements in Western Desert, Eastern Sea, Profound Literature grotto-heaven, and Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, his progress was very smooth.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan worked hard and used the five regions and two heavens as his chessboard, he played many different pieces and set up arrangements everywhere, his gains were not just in the present but would continue increasing for future periods of time.


 There was a similar situation as the previous life, Fang Yuan’s businesses in treasure yellow heaven were suppressed and targeted by the joint efforts of Central Continent and the Southern Alliance.


 Fang Yuan did not have any solution to this problem now.


 Firstly, his influence on the Southern Alliance was falling gradually, he did not have much of a bargaining chip, only his second aperture Immortal Gu had an intense attraction to several Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Secondly, be it Heavenly Court or the Southern Alliance, they had deep foundations and assets, competing with them in treasure yellow heaven through price and quantity was not wise.


 Fang Yuan’s foundation was skewed towards Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu Houses, and secluded domains of heaven and earth. Most of his cultivation resources were used for his own strength. For example, guts Gu, if he sold them in treasure yellow heaven, this monopoly would be well received by the market, Southern Alliance would not affect his gains.


 But Fang Yuan did not do that.


 He chose to use most of the guts Gu on his own soul path cultivation.


 He was still trying every way possible to raise his battle strength!


 This decision made his business in treasure yellow heaven even worse, he fell into a disadvantage against them.


 "In terms of immortal materials, I have even less compared to my previous life. I refined Immortal Gu multiple times and used too much of them. I also gained many subordinates this time, Lady White Rabbit, Sixth Hair, and Fairy Miao Yin died last time. But now, they are alive and well, I even took in the variant human alliance. Right now, the sovereign immortal aperture is also raising many snowmen, rockmen, hairy men, and others, I am trying to comprehend human path."


 Fang Yuan gained a lot more immortal materials than in his previous life, just the annexation of Lang Ya blessed land alone was an immense gain.


 But his expenditure also increased as well. The refinement of luck path and wood path Immortal Gu, the nurturing of variant humans, the gathering of twelve different immemorial year beasts, his other clones needed resources, he also faced several intense battles that required vast immortal essence, many Gu worms were lost during those fights...


 All in all, be it internally or externally, Fang Yuan’s situation was much better than the previous life.


 His only weakness was the lack of immortal materials, he was running out of certain immortal materials already.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan would not compete with Heavenly Court in treasure yellow heaven at all.


 Heavenly Court was buying time path immortal materials, they wanted to obstruct Fang Yuan, their attitude was even stronger than the previous life, Fang Yuan chose to avoid them.


 In this regard, he could not beat Heavenly Court alone, not to mention they had the Southern Alliance as well.


 Fang Yuan’s following plan was to obtain regret Gu and advance the bulk of his current Immortal Gu, this was the same as his previous life’s plan.


 He currently had a large number of rank six Immortal Gu, once they become rank seven, his battle strength would surge again in an all-rounded manner!


 Cooking Luck Pot alone was worth anticipating.


 "In the previous life, I lacked time and did not get Red Lotus’ true inheritance, I had to act quickly in the blue dragon whale’s immortal aperture and could not tackle it with peace of mind."


 "This time, not only do I want regret Gu, I also want to try to get that Merit Obelisk, in fact, I want to get Paradise Earth’s true inheritance and the blue dragon whale itself!"


 Fang Yuan calculated his time well.


 Very soon, Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention would start, they would try to repair fate Gu.


 But that did not matter.


 Fang Yuan put Zhan Bu Du in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, this clone lived up to his expectations, he progressed rapidly and smoothly. When Fang Yuan appeared, Zhan Bu Du would cooperate with him and annex Beast Calamity grotto-heaven without issues.


 He would save a lot of time in that regard, it could all be used to tackle the blue dragon whale’s tasks.


 His early investment was growing like a snowball, soon, Fang Yuan would gain even more benefits.


 Miao Ming Shen looked around and said solemnly: "Everyone, I have already explained the details of this expedition, I gave you all some time to consider. This is my first journey too, the risks are unknown, we might possibly die. If anyone wants to give up now, you can leave. I will definitely not stop anyone, I understand from the bottom of my heart."


 Nobody backed out.


 This involved Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, even if their paths were different, the immortals still held great expectations towards it.


 These days, they had been thinking about what could be inside this blue dragon whale.


 They did not know that Fang Yuan, who was beside them, already had a reliable plan to work with.


 Similar to the previous life, before the immortals set off, Zeng Luo Zi went ahead to make the alliance agreement.


 Next, the immortals went into the sea and used a method to find out each other’s location.


 After that, they went into the undercurrent with Miao Ming Shen taking the lead, they moved around through twists and turns, Fang Yuan was mixed among them as they followed Miao Ming Shen.


 He had already made arrangements at the area that the blue dragon whale appeared in the previous life, but he did not receive information about the arrival of the blue dragon whale.


 If not for Miao Ming Shen, he indeed might not find the blue dragon whale.


 There were eight immortals here, they continued to travel for days. They used several undercurrents to travel, if there were no undercurrents, they would travel under the sea as well, being extremely low profile. Even if they met desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, they avoided them. If they saw any resources, they would ignore them.


 Along the way, the immortals were led by Miao Ming Shen as they conversed, the atmosphere was quite harmonious and lively.


 Miao Ming Shen also became the central member of this group subtly, he managed the relationship between everyone meticulously, he was truly skilled at interpersonal communication.


 The immortals traveled with days and nights without stopping.


 Miao Ming Shen was afraid that Ren Xiu Ping would expose this matter, so he had to race against time.


 Suddenly, he slowed down as he showed an excited expression: "We are getting close!"


 The immortals were energized.


 Fang Yuan frowned lightly, similar to the previous life, he had been using investigative methods on Miao Ming Shen all along, he could not tell what method Miao Ming Shen was using to search for the blue dragon whale.


 And their current location was completely different from the previous life as well.


 As the blue dragon whale got closer, the immortals started to notice something strange.


 The seawater became more turbulent, desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts increased in numbers, Fang Yuan and the rest had to resist them as they advanced, slaughtering desolate beasts as they forcefully created a path filled with blood.


 The immortals fought desperately while Fang Yuan showed a peculiar expression.


 In the previous life, he had fallen for it, but this time, he was experienced, after considering this situation, he saw some of the peculiarities in this situation.


 "It seems that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s test started in the sea. If I try to die now, will I get transported into the blue dragon whale’s immortal aperture?"


 Fang Yuan felt that it was likely but he did not want to take the risk.


 To play safe, he would follow his actions in the previous life, ’dying’ after a certain amount of time.


 "Who is it?!" Right at this moment, Zeng Luo Zi shouted as he sent a killer move behind him, towards his left.


 The killer move did not have offensive power but several figures appeared immediately.


 "As expected of Zeng Luo Zi, this is a wonderful investigative method." The leading Gu Immortal smiled as he spoke, his aura surged as it destroyed Zeng Luo Zi’s investigative method while also sweeping towards Miao Ming Shen and the rest.


 Fang Yuan saw him and felt slightly dazed: "Why is Shen Cong Sheng here as well?"


 This was different from the previous life.


 This person who only said one sentence and broke Zeng Luo Zi’s investigative killer move was none other than Shen clan’s first supreme elder, Shen Cong Sheng.


 This was a righteous path rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest only had rank seven cultivation level, they were completely outmatched.


 Not only did Shen Cong Sheng come, he even had many Gu Immortals with him, there were Shen clan members and also lone cultivator experts like Ren Xiu Ping.


 Fang Yuan had a shocked expression, he was obviously acting. His main body was here, not just Shen Cong Sheng, even if four of Eastern Sea’s righteous path rank eights came here, Fang Yuan would not fear them.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were truly shocked.


 The enemies were too powerful, there was no way of contesting them.


 What should they do?



***
Chapter 1889 Entering the Aperture


***





 



 "Why are they here?!" Immortal Hua Die gasped, she felt her body turning cold.


 "If not for the dangerous situation, if I did not sense this mild peculiarity, I would not have found these people. Quickly leave!" Zeng Luo Zi urged as he said anxiously.


 "There is a traitor among us! We need to split up!" Miao Ming Shen said with an ashen expression, he understood already. He looked around at Tu Tou Tuo, Tong Hua, Zeng Luo Zi, and paused when he looked at Fang Yuan.


 Evidently, his biggest suspicion was Chu Ying because he did not know about this person’s background.


 "Hahaha, I wanted to follow you all into the blue dragon whale, but since you found out, none of you will escape." Shen Cong Sheng said as he moved his finger, sound waves spread out and shot towards Miao Ming Shen and the rest.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were surrounded by these sound waves as their speed fell drastically.


 Sssssssssh—!


 Shen Cong Sheng started whistling in the depths of the sea.


 Immortal Hua Die gasped as she was tied up by countless sound waves, Shen Cong Sheng dragged her away immediately.


 "Hua Die!" Feng Jiang watched and stared with a furious expression, he tried to help her but was too weak, Shen Cong Sheng captured him too.


 Shen Cong Sheng had rank eight cultivation level, his sound path methods were quite profound. In the previous life, he captured rank eight Gu Immortal Old Man Bei Feng alive in Hidden Dragon Cave, it was much simpler now to capture weaklings like Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang.


 "Leave!" Feng Jiang shouted loudly.


 But soon, Shen Cong Sheng grabbed his neck and he fainted.


 He snorted coldly: "Attack."


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals around him and Ren Xiu Ping found their targets and attacked.


 They had followed behind closely, having already discussed among themselves who to fight. Not only was their attack coordinated, they helped each other out.


 The only who attacked Fang Yuan was Shen clan Gu Immortal Shen Tan, he was an ordinary water path Gu Immortal.


 He shot out a water ring that was the size of a vat, it flew towards Fang Yuan’s head.


 Fang Yuan did not want to fight, he turned into a small seahorse that was palm sized, he moved like lightning speed.


 Shen Tan missed his target, he was shocked and attacked with three more water rings, they appeared before Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan turned into a fish and swerved around with great agility, dodging all three rings.


 Shen Tan’s expression turned ugly, he called out to Ren Xiu Ping: "Lend me a hand."


 Ren Xiu Ping was attacking Tong Hua with two vicious sharks. Hearing Shen Tan’s words, he nodded: "Of course."


 A vicious shark that was attacking Tong Hua quickly turned around and swam towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked around him, he found that if he got past this obstacle, he would be the frontmost person charging out.


 He quickly stopped as he pretended to be obstructed by the vicious shark.


 Because of this, Shen Tan laughed loudly as he moved his four water rings, blocking Fang Yuan: "Where can you run to now?"


 He had no idea who he had obstructed, if he knew Chu Ying’s true identity, he would be shivering in fear now.


 Fang Yuan pretended to be trapped while patiently observing his allies.


 Tu Tou Tuo was also obstructed, as an earth path cultivator, his speed was not fast, it was even slower in water.


 Tong Hua was busy dealing with two of Ren Xiu Ping’s vicious sharks.


 Zeng Luo Zi was like a white ghost in the sea, he moved around swiftly and competed with Shen clan’s Shen Qi in speed, they were well ahead.


 Gui Qi Ye and Miao Ming Shen moved together, when Shen clan’s two Gu Immortals got close, he shouted: "Lord, quickly go, I will stop them."


 He stopped as he pushed with his palms.


 With a loud sound, a huge area of black fog spread out.


 Shen clan’s two Gu Immortals were moving too rapidly, they entered the fog and vanished into thin air.


 "Old Gui, take care!" Miao Ming Shen knew the severity of the situation, he had tears in his eyes as he flew up.


 Shen Cong Sheng suppressed Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die completely as he snickered: "Where are you going?"


 Saying this, countless sound waves chased after Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen’s hair stood on end as alerts rang in his mind, his gaze flashed like lightning as he grunted, activating his space path killer move.


 His figure vanished instantly, appearing a hundred steps away. At the next moment, he vanished again, he moved a hundred steps further from Fang Yuan and the rest.


 As he flickered continuously, Miao Ming Shen escaped and charged out of the sea.


 Shen Cong Sheng gasped lightly, feeling surprised.


 He had used a genuine rank eight method, Miao Ming Shen was actually able to escape from it, it was very impressive.


 Miao Ming Shen was the most important person, Shen Cong Sheng did not care about Immortal Hua Die or Feng Jiang, he did not have time to store them into his immortal aperture, he tossed them to others and flew out to chase Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen charged out of the sea as sweat poured out of his forehead.


 "My escaping method could usually move a hundred li with one flicker, but before Shen Cong Sheng, I could only move a hundred steps away. Is this the power of a rank eight Gu Immortal?"


 Suddenly, there was a sound behind him as Shen Cong Sheng broke out of the sea.


 Miao Ming Shen’s body shook, his speed fell as he had fallen into Shen Cong Sheng’s killer move’s range once again.


 Seeing that he was about to be captured, Miao Ming Shen struggled intensely, he felt deep despair in his heart.


 Right at this moment, there was a shrill cry resounding.


 An immemorial thunder phoenix flew over and attacked Shen Cong Sheng.


 The immemorial thunder phoenix attacked fiercely, intense winds blew as Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he did not dare to be careless, he let off Miao Ming Shen for the time being and faced the immemorial thunder phoenix instead.


 With a loud sound, the immemorial thunder phoenix sent Shen Cong Sheng flying into the sea again as huge waves were created.


 Miao Ming Shen used this chance to flicker and escape, his body was covered in cold sweat.


 At this time, he finally had time to observe the surroundings.


 Only to see that above the sea, intense tornadoes surged in the sky, lightning flashed continuously as thunder rumbled, dark clouds extended to the horizons.


 The sea was in a frenzy, waves surged from the sea, they were thousands of feet tall.


 Countless flying birds and eagles fought intensely amidst the thunder and lightning.


 Blue charm lightning shadows flickered in the dark clouds, they were hunted down by immemorial desolate beast thunder phoenix.


 The situation was too dangerous!


 "Where in the world did I end up at?!" Miao Ming Shen took a deep breath in shock.


 "Catch them!" Right at this time, Shen Tan’s anxious voice could be heard behind him.


 Just earlier, Shen Tan received the two captives that Shen Cong Sheng tossed him, Fang Yuan used that chance to not only destroy the water rings but also helped the others out.


 Tong Hua, Zeng Luo Zi, and Fang Yuan got out of the sea, flying into the sky.


 "Don’t think of running!" Shen Qi, Shen Tan, and Ren Xiu Ping chased after them.


 At the same time, lightning flashed in the sky and shot towards the immortals.


 The immortals quickly attacked to block it.


 Another group of eagles flew down and scattered the group of people, the scene was a chaotic mess.


 "All of you, scram!" At the next moment, an intense sound wave burst out from the depths of the sea.


 Sound waves shot out of Shen Cong Sheng as he flew out of the sea and towards the sky in an instant, he waved both hands as two translucent sound waves moved around the battlefield like two sharp blades.


 Immortal killer move — Aerial Sound Blades!


 Wherever the sound blades went, be they eagles or lightning, they were all cut into two, even the immemorial thunder phoenix was injured and moved back.


 A sound blade went around Tong Hua and quickly slit through Zeng Luo Zi’s throat.


 Zeng Luo Zi stared with wide eyes as his head fell off his body.


 A sound blade went after Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself, he made a turn and burst out with speed, he charged on the closest route to the immemorial thunder phoenix.


 At the next moment, his body became charred by lightning, he died on the spot.


 Shen Cong Sheng did not even look at Fang Yuan’s corpse, he went after Miao Ming Shen immediately.


 Within the blue Dragon Whale Paradise.


 Starting island.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes as he woke up.


 "I arrived here after all." He stood up and looked around him.


 The sea was blue with white waves, there was a golden sandy beach, the temperature was warm and nice, this was a serene location.


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan saw Zeng Luo Zi here as well.


 He was clearly killed by Shen Cong Sheng’s sound path killer move, he was beheaded. But now, he lay near the beach, he breathed normally but was unconscious, his head was still attached to his body.


 "As expected." Fang Yuan was not surprised: "The illusion started long ago, within it, whoever dies would not die for real."


 Fang Yuan was killed by the immemorial thunder phoenix and arrived here afterwards. Zeng Luo Zi was killed by Shen Cong Sheng but arrived here as well.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created Reincarnation Battlefield in Central Continent, it had a similar trait. Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects occupied that place and sent Gu Immortals to fight inside it. No matter who died inside, they would not lose their life, they would only sustain some injuries or damage if they died too many times.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not do anything earlier. Even if he killed Shen Cong Sheng, he would not die, he would even get transported here earlier, while Fang Yuan would have exposed his identity for no reason.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand as a qi blade flew towards Zeng Luo Zi.


 Zeng Luo Zi did not have any defenses up, but right before the qi blade landed and killed him, it vanished.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, turning around and leaving.


 When Shen Cong Sheng woke up, he felt that his vision was still blurry, but a joyful sound was heard beside him: "First supreme elder, you finally woke up!"


 Next, his vision cleared up, he saw Shen Qi, Shen Tan, Ren Xiu Ping, Miao Ming Shen, Hua Die, Feng Jiang, Tong Hua, and the rest, they were in a nervous standoff.


 "What happened? Didn’t I die!" Shen Cong Sheng was internally shocked, he felt that this was unreal.


 As a rank eight Gu Immortal, he lasted the longest in the illusion, he was also the final person who arrived.


 "First supreme elder, this is likely Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method, it is similar to Central Continent’s Reincarnation Battlefield." Shen Tan said.


 Shen Cong Sheng managed to calm down as he nodded: "This is indeed the style of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable."


 At the next moment, his eyes flashed like lightning as he looked at Miao Ming Shen and the rest, asking directly: "How long have you been awake for?"


 "We had just woken up too." Shen Qi answered.


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded, he looked at Miao Ming Shen, Immortal Hua Die, Feng Jiang, and Zeng Luo Zi.


 These people were either captured or killed by him, but now, they were alive and well. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable truly had unfathomable methods!



***
Chapter 1890 Where is Chu Ying?


***





 



 "Where are we? Tell me everything that you know!" Shen Cong Sheng said as he attacked Miao Ming Shen again.


 The result was that his killer move vanished upon activation, Shen Cong Sheng grunted as blood flowed out of his nose, he had sustained injuries from the backlash of the killer move.


 "First supreme elder, hold on, this place seems to forbid fighting. If you have the intention to fight, any killer move or Gu worm activation will fail. In contrast, healing yourself will not be obstructed." Shen Tan said.


 "Why didn’t you say that earlier?" Shen Cong Sheng stared with furious eyes.


 Shen Tan felt wrongly accused as he thought to himself: "Wasn’t it because you acted too quickly?"


 He could not say that of course, Shen Tan lowered his head and apologized.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest let out sighs of relief.


 They were also healing their injuries.


 When they woke up, they saw the Shen clan Gu Immortals around and attacked without thinking, they had suffered intense backlash as a result.


 Shen Tan and the rest were in similar situations.


 But at that time, Shen Cong Sheng had not woken up, nobody knew if a rank eight Gu Immortal would be restricted as well.


 "It seems that even rank eight Gu Immortals cannot defy the arrangements of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable." Miao Ming Shen let out a breath of air, after seeing that Shen Cong Sheng had failed, he calmed down completely.


 They were temporarily safe.


 Shen Cong Sheng heard this as bright light flashed in his eyes: "It seems that we are inside the immortal aperture world of the blue dragon whale."


 Miao Ming Shen did not acknowledge or deny his words.


 Gui Qi Ye who stood beside him stared at Tong Hua furiously: "Tong Hua! You betrayed us!"


 Tong Hua lowered her head and did not speak, looking ashamed.


 She was standing beside Ren Xiu Ping now.


 The traitor among Miao Ming Shen’s group was her.


 Earlier, when Shen Cong Sheng used his killer move in the illusion, he avoided her, everyone saw that.


 And now, her status was exposed.


 Immortal Hua Die had a cold expression: "Fairy Tong Hua, to think my lord trusted you so deeply, when you had to fix your immortal aperture after tribulation, he helped you so much. Not only did he help you, he even invited you to explore the blue dragon whale, you actually betrayed our kindness with enmity! Why did you betray us? Where is your conscience?"


 Tong Hua wanted to speak but she turned around and stopped looking at Miao Ming Shen and the rest.


 Miao Ming Shen sighed heavily as he stopped Immortal Hua Die: "Fairy Tong Hua probably has her own difficulties, forget it, everyone has their own goals."


 Tong Hua’s gaze flickered intensely.


 "Lord... you are too kindhearted. How can we let this kind of people off?" Immortal Hua Die stomped her feet.


 Ren Xiu Ping smiled arrogantly, he was the one who made Tong Hua a traitor: "Miao Ming Shen, you need to understand this situation clearly, you need to know who is the stronger side! Tong Hua was wise to have chosen us, if you surrender and hand over all your information, we might spare you."


 Immortal Hua Die was still furious about it, this was their fortuitous encounter but these people wanted to snatch it away and threatened them, she rolled her eyes as she called out: "I’m so scared, why don’t you come attack me, my entire body is shivering from fear."


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression turned cold.


 Ren Xiu Ping squinted as he smiled even more coldly: "Girl, you have a sharp tongue, do you think Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s methods can protect you for a lifetime? After you leave this place, when we get back to Eastern Sea, can any of you resist Lord Shen Cong Sheng? Even inside here, do you think Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements are perfect without a single loophole?"


 Immortal Hua Die’s expression froze.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest had grim expressions, especially Zeng Luo Zi, he looked at Shen Cong Sheng with fear in his eyes. After all, he was killed earlier by a killer move.


 "It is uncertain who will win. Let’s go!" Miao Ming Shen did not want to waste time on arguments, he turned around and left this beach.


 "This person had the special method to find the blue dragon whale, he definitely knows more than us. Follow him!" Shen Cong Sheng quickly ordered.


 They could not fight now, following Miao Ming Shen was the best alternative.


 The two groups walked with some distance between them, they moved in silence.


 Soon, they got out of the beach, arriving in a dense forest.


 "This forest is a bit strange, the leaves of the trees have empty heart shaped spaces at the center." Immortal Hua Die said in confusion.


 "Hmm, these are just ordinary trees." Feng Jiang checked and touched a tree trunk with his hands.


 With a soft sound, the tree that he touched collapsed, it shattered into a pile of wood dust.


 "What is going on?" The immortals sensed a commotion and quickly gathered.


 "These are not ordinary trees, they are rank seven immortal plants, cloud ladder trees." Shen Cong Sheng looked as he said grimly.


 They arrived as well.


 Seeing that the rank eight Gu Immortal was standing beside them, Miao Ming Shen and the rest felt their hearts tighten but they quickly relaxed.


 Gui Qi Ye said arrogantly: "Old Shen, do you think we are ignorant? I know about cloud ladder trees, this tree has dense wood path and cloud path dao marks. Every hundred years, it grows by ten inches, which is one step of a ladder. How can these be cloud ladder trees? With such a height, they have to be a hundred steps at least, that means these cloud ladder trees have lived for ten thousand years? Hehehe."


 But Shen Cong Sheng was calm and composed: "These are cloud ladder trees. You only know a portion of the details. Cloud ladder trees are a rank seven immortal material, the leaves of ten thousand year old cloud ladder trees would form the rank eight immortal material, cloud ladder leaf heart. Once all of the cloud ladder leaf hearts are taken away, the cloud ladder tree would collapse into a pile of wood dust, becoming an ordinary material."


 Gui Qi Ye was stunned before he smiled coldly again, pointing forward: "Then you mean to say that this dense forest is filled with ten thousand year old cloud ladder trees? Hehe, this is too laughable."


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded: "Cloud ladder trees are quite rare, of course, this forest isn’t made up of such a precious tree. But at the very least, this particular plant was a cloud ladder tree!"


 Shen Cong Sheng was very certain while Gui Qi Ye stuck to his views, he pointed at a tree nearby: "Then according to Lord Shen Cong Sheng, this tree, this tree, and that tree are also ten thousand year old cloud ladder trees. Haha, look, all of their leaves have an empty heart shaped space. There are so many cloud ladder trees, how many rank eight immortal material cloud ladder leaf hearts are there? Isn’t there too much of this rank eight immortal material? How different is it from a plain cabbage you grow in your farm?"


 The immortals were looking at Shen Cong Sheng, his expression also changed slightly.


 On this island, investigative methods were not very useful, but he had already inspected his surroundings gradually.


 He walked quickly and struck several tree trunks, once he touched these cloud ladder trees, they turned into wood dust.


 Shen Cong Sheng gasped as he said to his subordinates: "These were all cloud ladder trees, but the leaf hearts on them had all been taken away. These are valuable rank eight immortal materials, quickly look for any that are left behind!"


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals believed in Shen Cong Sheng, while Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua believed him to some extent, because of his reputation, they had to obey him and spread out to search.


 As cloud ladder trees got destroyed one after another, none of the immortals found any cloud ladder leaf hearts.


 The entire forest was made of cloud ladder trees, there were no trees left here.


 Even while Shen Cong Sheng walked out of this dense forest, he started to suspect his own finding: "Are these really cloud ladder trees? If they are, there are simply too many of them, right?"


 The immortals left the forest, they saw the yellow sandy ground, as wind blew, dust clouds moved in the air.


 It was a desolate land.


 This was everyone’s first impression.


 "The air seems to have the smell of clear wind grass stems." Shen Cong Sheng sniffed as he crouched down, moving the soil and exposing the holes in it.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed.


 At this time, Zeng Luo Zi also sensed something strange, he called out: "This place must have an entire field of clear wind grass stems planted here in the past, I’ve smelt this aroma before, it is this. There are holes here, each is as large as a fist, the walls of the holes are all smooth and round, this is the effect of the roots of clear wind grass stems."


 Miao Ming Shen was stunned: "Clear wind grass stem is a rank seven immortal material, this means that this area filled with holes was once an entire field of clear wind grass stems?"


 "Even though it is unthinkable, don’t forget that we are inside the blue dragon whale now. This is the location of a Paradise Earth true inheritance!" Hua Die’s words were like a stone dropped into the hearts of the immortals.


 Shen Cong Sheng frowned as he looked at Miao Ming Shen, asking: "Why is there someone missing from your side?"


 Miao Ming Shen was stunned, he realized why he had felt something strange earlier, after hearing this reminder, he understood, indeed, someone was missing.


 "Chu Ying is not around!" Feng Jiang said grimly.


 "Where did he go?"


 "Speaking of it, he died really early, he should have arrived here long ago."


 "Did he awaken earlier than us, did he take away all of the immortal materials here?"


 The immortals were all astute figures, because they were at conflict earlier and the atmosphere was tense, they did not think so much when exploring the island.


 Once this topic started, everyone became anxious.


 Shen Cong Sheng stopped following Miao Ming Shen, he moved rapidly and advanced.


 Miao Ming Shen hesitated, he decided to follow.


 The immortals quickly arrived in front of a huge pit.


 This hole was tens of li wide, it was hundreds of feet deep, there were some fragments left in the hole.


 Tu Tou Tuo picked up these fragments as he looked, shouting instantly: "Oh heavens! This is the rank seven immortal material rooster iron. Which bastard took everything away, only leaving behind these fragments?"


 Tu Tou Tuo stared with wide eyes, he shouted loudly.


 "Rooster iron only exists in mines exposed to open air. When roosters sing, heaven turns white[1], with such a wide span of rooster iron here, when wind blows, there will be resonance, rank eight immortal material heavenly white snow iron will be produced!" Shen Cong Sheng said with a cold tone: "We need to find that Chu Ying as quickly as we can."


 All the immortals were anxious.


 All these immortal materials were likely taken by Chu Ying.


 They needed to find him!


 They quickly spread out and called his name but they could not find even a trace of Fang Yuan. All they saw were holes and pits, dried rivers and a large field of land with their plants uprooted and taken away.


 [1] A saying from Chairman Mao



***
Chapter 1891 Who Else Could It Be But Me?


***





 



 The island they were sent to was not big, the immortals did not gain anything from their exploration, they quickly gathered at the center of the island.


 Over there, they made a shocking discovery!


 A huge obelisk that seemed to be made of gold was radiating with a mild crystalline light.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Merit Obelisk!


 The surface of Merit Obelisk had words appearing on it, introducing the background of this island and also the details of the Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 To obtain the Paradise Earth true inheritance, one had to accept the missions on the Merit Obelisk, they would gain merit points when they complete these tasks. The more merits they had, the more valuable things they could exchange for.


 If one did not accept this, they could only wait on this island, they could not leave and go to other places in the grotto-heaven world.


 Of course, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was merciful and kind, he would not let them leave empty-handed. The immortal materials on this island were specially prepared for them to split among each other.


 Three hundred days later, everyone would be transported away.


 The immortals were shocked.


 "There are immortal materials on this island after all. Those cloud ladder leaf hearts, clear wind grass stems, rooster iron and others were not fake."


 "They were all taken by someone! Damn it, he took literally everything, he left nothing for us at all."


 "It must be that Chu Ying."


 "Where is Chu Ying? Why have we not seen him?"


 "I found Chu Ying!" Immortal Hua Die suddenly shouted.


 The immortals quickly gathered towards her, they saw that on another side of the Merit Obelisk, by looking at where Immortal Hua Die pointed, they saw words that appeared on the Merit Obelisk.


 Merit Board Ranking — Chu Ying, eighty-two merit points.


 Other than Chu Ying, there were nobody else.


 "This person!" Ren Xiu Ping gritted his teeth in anger.


 Right at this moment, Chu Ying’s merit points jumped again, from eighty-two to ninety-three.


 Next, the Merit Obelisk flashed.


 The immortals quickly took steps back.


 The light faded as Fang Yuan appeared.


 "Chu Ying!" Feng Jiang cried out.


 "You finally showed up." Tu Tou Tuo had bloodshot eyes, he thought about the empty pit that was filled with rooster iron before.


 "Oh, you are awake." Fang Yuan nodded at them, he said in a plain tone.


 "Hey, what is wrong with your attitude!" Shen Tan shouted in displeasure.


 Fang Yuan’s indifferent attitude made every immortal furious.


 Shen Cong Sheng stepped forward with a cold expression and overbearing tone: "Tell me, did you take all of the immortal materials on this island?"


 "Who else could it be but me?" Fang Yuan retorted, he was indifferent about Shen Cong Sheng’s overbearing tone. He quickly got to the other side of the Merit Obelisk and quickly browsed through the missions.


 The immortals were furiously staring at him.


 This person had taken all the benefits but still acted so arrogantly!


 Ren Xiu Ping said grimly: "We have seen the text on this obelisk, all of these immortal materials are arranged by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable for us. Chu Ying, isn’t it too much to take everything yourself? You owe us an explanation!"


 Fang Yuan did not even look at him, he pressed his palm at the obelisk and took another mission.


 Swoosh.


 White light flashed, he vanished again.


 The immortals were shocked.


 Shen Qi shouted in anger: "This guy!"


 "Where did he come from? He is completely disregarding Lord Shen Cong Sheng and us." Ren Xiu Ping spoke with a livid expression, his voice was cold as ice.


 "Investigate him after we go out." Shen Cong Sheng was a rank eight after all, as the leader of Shen clan, he quickly calmed down and started to mimic Fang Yuan, walking to the Merit Obelisk.


 "Chu Ying is acting so fearlessly, he is merely relying on the fact that we cannot attack him in this paradise." Shen Cong Sheng thought to himself: "Chu Ying is merely a rank seven secluded lone immortal, we can deal with him later. The important thing now is this Merit Obelisk."


 Fang Yuan’s actions earlier were a great example to the immortals here.


 In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest came to the obelisk with suspicion, they first distributed the immortal materials on the island before going to accept the missions.


 But now, Fang Yuan woke up in advance, he acted first and ransacked the entire island.


 The only thing left to these immortals was this Merit Obelisk.


 There were many missions on this Merit Obelisk.


 Helping the merfolk in South Coast City to excavate the golden lotuses on silver lake.


 Round fish island was drying up, it needed wells to be built.


 Three stripes tribe lacked medicine, there was a plague spreading, they needed a lot of medicinal herbs.


 Piper tribe was stuck in a fog, they were asked to lead them out.


 Aurora Mountain’s spirit spring had an issue that needed to be dealt with immediately.


 ...


 The Gu Immortals watched with a dazed expression.


 Similar to the previous life, they encountered the same situation again.


 These missions were only described briefly, they were not detailed, the Gu Immortals could not gain any useful information.


 For example, this mission: Three stripes tribe lacked medicine, there was a plague spreading, they needed a lot of medicinal herbs.


 What kind of force was three stripes tribe? Were there Gu Immortals? Were they an ordinary force or super force?


 A plague was spreading, what kind of plague was it? There were many kinds of plagues that even rank eight Gu Immortals did not dare to handle.


 They needed a lot of medicinal herbs, what kind of herbs did they want? Immortal materials? What method did they need to use?


 Nobody knew.


 The Merit Obelisk only had this one line.


 The immortals were really unaware of the situation.


 "Does that Chu Ying know anything?" Someone muttered.


 The immortals were silent, their hatred, anger, and suspicion towards Fang Yuan intensified again.


 Even though Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was known for kindness, this was an unknown environment, even the rank eight Gu Immortal Shen Cong Sheng was barred from fighting, the Gu Immortals had to be vigilant.


 And looking at the rewards on the Merit Obelisk.


 There was a large amount of immortal materials and Immortal Gu that could be exchanged for using merits!


 Of course, there were some peculiar things here like titles or mortal Gu.


 Shen Cong Sheng immediately saw one rank five mortal Gu, it was called good deeds Gu, this was the first time he had seen such a Gu worm.


 To exchange for a good deeds Gu, one needed fifty merit points, it was the most expensive mortal Gu.


 But the actual effect of the Gu worm was not written on the Merit Obelisk, Shen Cong Sheng knew nothing about it.


 However, it had to be unique and special for Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to put it up as a reward.


 After the immortals discussed among themselves, they realized that they had to try this to find out. Shen Cong Sheng was the first to act, he quickly walked up to the obelisk to receive his mission.


 In the previous life, the group of eight including Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen came to the Merit Obelisk, only ten missions had appeared to them. But now, because there were more people, it seemed that the number of missions had also increased correspondingly.


 There were many missions, they were slowly taken.


 Because they did not know anything, there was no fighting or snatching here.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s mission was: Round fish island was drying up, it needed wells to be built.


 As light flickered, he appeared in a desert at the next moment.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s pupils shrunk.


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal with dense dao marks, he could not be transported using ordinary methods. But when he was transported here, it could not be blocked, a grand and mystical power brought him here instantly.


 "As expected of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable." Shen Cong Sheng sighed internally, he looked around as his investigative method spread out over the surroundings.


 Shen Cong Sheng quickly sensed something different: "Oh, my investigative method works properly here, it is not the same as the starting island."


 Tens of li away from here, there was a small village in the desert.


 Shen Cong Sheng stood on the spot, moving his ears as he listened to the conversation of the people in the village.


 A moment later, he confirmed that he was on round fish island. This island was huge and had many villages, but decades again, vegetation had started to become sparse, right now, a large area desert had already spread around the remaining few villages.


 Mortals and Gu Masters lived in the village, their lives were getting tougher.


 "This means to say, I need to build water wells near these villages?" After learning of the situation, Shen Cong Sheng let out a breath of air as he relaxed.


 This mission was much easier than he had expected.


 They were all mortal level issues, not at the level of Gu Immortals.


 Even if it involved immortals, he was a rank eight sound path great expert, he could deal with most issues.


 Shen Cong Sheng thought about Fang Yuan as he muttered to himself: "That Chu Ying only has rank seven cultivation level but he accumulated ninety-three merit points so quickly. This shows that the missions must be very easy to complete."


 Even after knowing the situation, Shen Cong Sheng did not rush to take action.


 He needed to test many things here.


 For example, could he ignore this mission and fly out of this place?


 Could he communicate with the outside world?


 How many methods could he still use in this situation?


 Shen Cong Sheng did not interact with the mortals, he used sound path methods and secretly dug wells near the villages.


 The desertification here was very severe, Shen Cong Sheng had to dig for a long time before he found some underground water deep below.


 Using these sources of water, he created deep wells around the place.


 Thinking about it, he used his methods to reinforce the walls of the well. Finally, he made the mouths of the wells and covered them with a thatched roof on top.


 "To think that one day, I would have to do such manual labor." Shen Cong Sheng laughed.


 He built a total of more than thirty wells, this mission was not difficult at all to this rank eight Gu Immortal.


 In the process of completing it, Shen Cong Sheng tried many things, he probed the foundation of this paradise to a great extent.


 For example, he could not leave this place, he was only able to move around this desert area.


 His communication was also restricted, forget about treasure yellow heaven, he could not even send anything to Shen Qi or Shen Tan.


 He was also unable to attack the ordinary villagers, all his offensive methods would fail and he would sustain backlash.


 He could open his immortal aperture’s entrance and take out stuff from within, yet he could not take anything from round fish island to put into his immortal aperture.


 Shen Cong Sheng also gained a lot of information from these mortals, these people were able to leave round fish island and tour the seas. In the past, there were conflicts among the villages, people had died.


 In conclusion, Dragon Whale Paradise gave the inhabitants a lot of freedom, while the Gu Immortals who received these missions were greatly restricted.


 As for how they were restricted, Shen Cong Sheng was unable to detect the method, he simply could not deal with it or get around it. This made him feel even more admiration towards Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.



***
Chapter 1892 Analyzing Chu Ying Together


***





 



 After completing the mission, Shen Cong Sheng said "return" in his mind, he was transported to the starting island again.


 The Merit Obelisk appeared beside him.


 He checked the board and saw that on the merit list, his name was there: Shen Cong Sheng, nine merit points.


 Shen Cong Sheng frowned.


 One mission only gave him nine merit points?


 This reward was too little, it was out of Shen Cong Sheng’s expectations.


 "Looking at this, does it mean that Chu Ying had already taken about ten missions before me?" Thinking of this, Shen Cong Sheng frowned even deeper now.


 He looked at those rewards while feeling a chill in his heart.


 Those Immortal Gu and immortal materials that he wanted needed more than ten thousand merit points!


 "There is another problem, Immortal Gu are unique, if others get them first, I will lose my chance."


 "Now that Chu Ying is so far ahead, we have to pick up the pace and catch up with him!"


 Shen Cong Sheng was a rank eight but he felt a sense of urgency now, everyone else was feeling worse.


 "First supreme elder." Shen Tan walked over and respectfully greeted Shen Cong Sheng. Even though he had finished his mission earlier, he did not rush to the second one, he waited at the obelisk.


 In fact, the group of immortals had all agreed before the first transportation to communicate with each other after completing their missions.


 Shen Cong Sheng, Shen Tan, Shen Qi, Shen Xiao, Shen Nai He, Ren Xiu Ping, and Tong Hua were the first group, while Miao Ming Shen, Feng Jiang, Immortal Hua Die, Gui Qi Ye, Tu Tou Tuo, and Zeng Luo Zi were the second group.


 The two sides were distinctly separated.


 Evidently, Shen Cong Sheng’s group was far too strong. However, in a special environment like the paradise, it was inconvenient for them to make a move against Miao Ming Shen and the others, so they had to watch as these enemies banded together as a group.


 "Heaven always leaves a way out! Everyone, this is a great opportunity now, as long as we grab onto it, we will have a chance of dealing with Shen Cong Sheng in the future. We need to work hard, we need to unite for a glimpse of hope. Otherwise, if we work alone, we will not survive." Miao Ming Shen encouraged the Gu Immortals on his side.


 Zeng Luo Zi, Tu Tou Tuo, and the rest nodded in agreement. They faced greater pressure than Shen Cong Sheng, because they felt more urgency to complete missions and raise their strength.


 Even if they were safe inside the Dragon Whale Paradise, after three hundred days, they would be transported out and would need to face Shen Cong Sheng.


 "Tell me, what have you all discovered?" Miao Ming Shen spoke.


 All of them spoke about their findings one by one, without any concealment, there was even a lot of speculation that they made.


 Everyone’s discoveries were similar to Shen Cong Sheng’s, Miao Ming Shen concluded in the end: "The restrictions placed on us by the paradise can actually be seen as a kind of protection for us, at least for the time being, Shen Cong Sheng is unable to lay his hands on us."


 "The amount of merit points we received after completing a mission was only nine at most, it did not exceed ten. It seems that the reward for each mission is between one and ten."


 "But I have a feeling that this Merit Obelisk will undergo more changes in the future."


 Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo looked at each other, Zeng Luo Zi hesitated but still asked: "Brother Miao, since you can sense the exact location of the blue dragon whale, and bring us to it, is this place completely new to you?"


 Miao Ming Shen smiled bitterly: "Brother Zeng and Brother Tu, if I said that I have no idea why I am able to sense the location of the blue dragon whale, would you believe me? Several years ago, information about the blue dragon whale began to appear inexplicably in my mind, but at first it was very vague. These bits and pieces of information had only gotten clearer recently, I finally realized that it was the blue dragon whale calling to me."


 "If I really knew these arrangements and had any shortcuts, would I not use them? Would I continue to face Shen Cong Sheng’s threat? When we were outside, Shen Cong Sheng attacked us, if I knew it was an illusion, I would have tried to die long ago."


 "Friends, my words are all true, there is no deception at all!"


 Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo saw Miao Ming Shen’s earnest expression and nodded: "We believe you."


 Gui Qi Ye suddenly said: "Speaking of which, I do recall one thing. Previously, when he was being chased in the sea, Chu Ying was being attacked by a sound blade, but his speed soared and he took the initiative to bump into an immemorial thunder phoenix, after which he got struck by its lightning and died."


 "Yes, I saw that too." Feng Jiang also added.


 "It’s strange to actively seek death, it seems that Chu Ying really knows something about this place." Tu Tou Tuo’s eyes burst out with bright light.


 Previously, Fang Yuan did not know that dying by the hands of Shen Cong Sheng would also be accepted. To be on the safe side, he still chose the method of death from his last life.


 As a result, he exposed a flaw.


 It was like Shen Cong Sheng, who avoided Tong Hua earlier with his sound blades.


 Miao Ming Shen’s group discovered Chu Ying’s peculiarity, It was the same for Shen Cong Sheng’s group.


 "Miao Ming Shen." At this time, Shen Tan walked in front of the group and took the initiative to approach Miao Ming Shen and the others.


 Behind Shen Tan were Shen Cong Sheng, Ren Xiuping and the rest.


 "There is no need to be nervous." Shen Tan smiled: "We are not here to find trouble with you all this time, but rather to seek cooperation."


 "Cooperation? You guys are really shameless."


 "Who was it who wanted to kill us earlier?"


 Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die said with displeasure.


 Miao Ming Shen, however, stopped them and looked at Shen Cong Sheng.


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded slightly and said indifferently: "This was my decision. It is true that I was the one who made the move to attack you before, but let’s put ourselves in each other’s shoes and think about it, if you were me, would you let me off?"


 "It’s not that I don’t want to kill you all, but with the situation as it is right now, then I can only cooperate with you."


 "I swear on the reputation of my Shen clan, I promise that even after we leave this Dragon Whale Paradise in the future, we will not do anything to you, but rather let you all leave. "


 "And all of you will need to tell me everything you know about the information you have regarding this place."


 "The reputation of Shen clan..." Miao Ming Shen pondered, the immortals around him all looked slightly moved by this proposal as well.


 Shen Cong Sheng was the first supreme elder or Shen clan, the promise of a righteous path figure held a lot of weight, and now he was staking the reputation of the entire Shen clan, he could be trusted to a high degree.


 Of course, the best way was for both sides to set an alliance agreement.


 Zeng Luo Zi and Shen Nai He were both rank seven information path Gu Immortals, they were unable to use information path methods here because the paradise restricted them greatly.


 "You all can think about it, this is your only chance. If you miss it, don’t regret it if you go out of the Dragon Whale Paradise in the future." Shen Tan threatened with a smile.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest became increasingly silent.


 The Merit Obelisk had made it clear that they would only stay here for three hundred days, and once the time limit was up, they would be sent out. At that time, they might have to face Shen Cong Sheng.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s guarantee was certainly not completely assuring and he could go back on his word.


 But with their own lives at stake, Miao Ming Shen and the others would certainly not let go of any possibility of survival.


 Miao Ming Shen suddenly smiled and nodded: "I accept your offer. I’ll cooperate with you and tell you everything I know."


 Shen Cong Sheng also smiled: "Good, a wise man submits to circumstances. I will let you live, go ahead and speak."


 Miao Ming Shen’s smile turned bitter: "There’s actually nothing to say."


 He repeated the things he had said to Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi earlier.


 Shen Tan was furious: "You’re saying that you actually don’t know anything? Are you lying? Do you think our Shen clan is easy to fool?"


 Shen Cong Sheng, however, had a look of deep consideration.


 He felt that Miao Ming Shen’s words were probably true, lies could be told, but actions often could not deceive others. On the way here, Miao Ming Shen’s actions were all seen by Shen Cong Sheng. He did not seem like someone who knew the details of the Dragon Whale Paradise.


 Gui Qi Ye interjected: "We analyzed it earlier, it seems that Chu Ying is very suspicious. He might indeed know some inside information!"


 The immortals’ eyes shined with bright light.


 Ren Xiu Ping smiled coldly: "Aren’t you stating the obvious? That person had actively sought death before, he came here and was the first to awaken, ransacking the starting island of all the immortal materials. And look at the Merit Obelisk, he’s got nearly a hundred merit points, hmm."


 .Ren Xiu Ping suddenly became silent.


 At this moment, white light flashed as Fang Yuan appeared again.


 His mission was completed, his merit points went past a hundred, reaching one hundred and two.


 The immortals gathered in a group, looking at Fang Yuan who was at the obelisk. He had appeared right when they mentioned him.


 Fang Yuan also looked at the immortals. Wow, the atmosphere here was great!


 Fang Yuan was a little surprised, but he did not feel anything strange about this.


 Gu Immortals were all exceptional talents, these Gu Immortals were very perceptive and knew about benefits and harm, they prioritized their own gains. As long as Shen Cong Sheng stopped being haughty, it was possible that they would cooperate as Miao Ming Shen and the rest would worry about the future.


 Shen Tan smiled and took the initiative to come over, approaching Fang Yuan: "Brother Chu Ying."


 He took the initiative to greet, his attitude was much better compared to when he spoke to Miao Ming Shen.


 In the current situation, Fang Yuan’s value was also clearly much higher than Miao Ming Shen.


 But before he could send any invitations...


 "Scram." Fang Yuan glanced at Shen Tan before he turned around and walked away.


 Shen Tan’s smile froze on his face, the corners of his lips twitched as anger rose in his heart, he was about to shout but his shoulder was patted by someone.


 It was Shen Cong Sheng!


 Shen Tan quickly held down his anger, he did not dare to shout rashly, he only stared at Fang Yuan with a furious expression.


 "Little brother." Shen Cong Sheng chuckled: "We can coope..."


 "Scram." Fang Yuan said one word with a calm tone, he interrupted Shen Cong Sheng without hesitation.


 Everyone was shocked.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s eyes widened a little, he was dumbfounded at this situation.


 How long had it been since anyone scolded him like this?


 He was the first supreme elder of Shen clan, an Eastern Sea rank eight great expert, who would dare to scold him in his face?


 Even normally, when people like Song Qi Yuan had a conversation with him, they would still keep a composed attitude when they conversed with each other.


 But Fang Yuan scolded him without restraint.


 Plain and straightforward.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest looked at Fang Yuan with immensely shocked expressions.


 "This is a rank eight Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Shen clan, don’t be so reckless!"


 "If you don’t relent now, what will happen when you get transported out of here three hundred days later?"


 At this moment, everyone did not know whether to admire Chu Ying’s courage or shame him for his stupidity.


 After Fang Yuan finished scolding, he immediately disappeared, he had taken another mission and left again.


 The remaining Gu Immortals stood as they stared at the Merit Obelisk blankly.


 Shen Cong Sheng suddenly laughed lightly, breaking the silence: "This Chu Ying is very courageous. I am looking forward to seeing his courage after we leave this place."


 He had a smile on his face but his eyes were flashing with furious sparks, his killing intent had appeared!


 "Miao Ming Shen, who in the world is this Chu Ying and what is his background?" Shen Tan turned around and shouted aggressively.


 He had an overbearing attitude, Gui Qi Ye and the rest were unhappy as they stared furiously.


 Miao Ming Shen sighed deeply and shrugged: "If I tell you that I’m not sure of his origin, would you believe me?"


 "Hehe." The corners of Shen Tan’s mouth twitched and he laughed dryly, the look on his face showed his current thoughts.


 What sort of lie was this?


 If he did not know about Chu Ying’s background, would he invite this person to explore Paradise Earth’s true inheritance?


 "Chu Ying, oh Chu Ying, I am going to die because of you." Miao Ming Shen smiled bitterly but he did not give up, he decided to throw this problem over to Ren Xiu Ping.


 "The reason I trusted Chu Ying was because of Ren Xiu Ping. Brother Ren, explain it, is there a need to hide the matter anymore?"


 Miao Ming Shen’s words made everyone’s gazes gather on Ren Xiu Ping.


 Ren Xiu Ping shook as he felt an immense pressure, he had to explain everything that he knew.


 The immortals learned about the reason behind Chu Ying’s involvement now.


 Miao Ming Shen continued to explain: "Actually, I have not interacted with Chu Ying much. I only invited him to an auction in the past. Back then, Tong Hua and Tu Tou Tuo were around as well."


 Shen Cong Sheng turned his gaze towards these two.


 Tu Tou Tuo and Tong Hua spoke one after another, explaining all that they knew.


 Shen Cong Sheng heard their words as he frowned deeply.


 There was a lot of information but it was all useless! All that was known was already known, while all that was not known was still unknown.


 They had nowhere to start and no way to target him.


 "This Chu Ying is not a simple person." Shen Cong Sheng had a feeling, but he was still confident: "He is just a rank seven transformation path Gu Immortal after all, he is not my match."



***
Chapter 1893 Saving Xia Lin Again


***





 



 Light flickered and faded at once, Fang Yuan appeared on a small island in the sea.


 "I am here again." Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 He accepted the mission to collect Earth Trench black oil at the nearby sea of this island.


 This was the first mission he accepted when exploring the Dragon Whale Paradise in his previous life, he was most familiar with it.


 "Many changes have happened in the Dragon Whale Paradise compared to the previous life."


 "Not only did the blue dragon whale’s location change, there are more Gu Immortals here now, the missions have also increased in numbers."


 "This black oil mission only appeared after I completed ten or so missions."


 In the previous life, he had used this mission to save the mermaid girl Xia Lin, using her as his pawn to have her become the saintess of the Merman City, he slowly found his way to regret sea and found regret Gu.


 Once regret Gu flew to him, the venerable method activated, sending Fang Yuan to the stone lotus island in the River of Time. Using that, Fang Yuan got around Heavenly Court’s assault and inherited a Red Lotus true inheritance.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan designed a more optimal plan for himself.


 During the battle in the River of Time earlier, Fang Yuan destroyed six Immortal Gu Houses from Heavenly Court, he destroyed the river suppression lotus sealing formation and killed many Gu Immortals, only Nine Spiritual Fairy and Feng Jiu Ge escaped.


 As the price, that stone lotus island was destroyed too.


 Without the stone lotus island, regret Gu’s venerable method could not activate.


 This time, Fang Yuan intended to take down this Dragon Whale Paradise, regret Gu was only part of the bigger plan.


 The entire island was under the effect of Fang Yuan’s investigative killer move, it had no secrets at all.


 The island was quite ordinary, there were not many resources here, it had a fishing village and a low quality spirit spring, there were a few Gu Masters in the village but most of the people were mortals.


 Fang Yuan did not enter the fishing village immediately, he went into the sea first.


 In the sea, a group of weaving sea spiders were hunting.


 Fang Yuan got around them and dived deeper.


 When he got close to the Earth Trench, he found a group of seashell sharks swimming around.


 Fang Yuan had great strength but he did not want to act abruptly, he only concealed his presence, arriving at the black oil.


 Black oil was an immortal material, it was dangerous to Gu Masters. Once they came into contact with black oil, food path dao marks would be carved in their bodies.


 This was a huge problem for Gu Masters.


 On one hand, the conflicting dao marks would make the oil collecting Gu Masters experience a fall in strength. Oil collecting food path Gu Masters were just too rare.


 On the other hand, Gu Masters had mortal bodies, as time passes, they cannot help but become affected by the black oil.


 The black oil in the Earth Trench tangled and weaved together like huge pythons. They were almost still but if one observed closely, they would see that the oil was moving slowly in the sea.


 Fang Yuan activated his method, everywhere he went, black oil moved like water and spread out over a wide area.


 "I remember that this is the location." Fang Yuan split some of the black oil apart but he did not find the blue scaled mermaid Xia Lin.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 It was possible that his rebirth created some changes, Xia Lin’s life might have changed, she might not have come here.


 "It’s more likely that she’s nearby. The time now is quite early compared to the previous life after all." Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not give up immediately, he used his methods to move away the nearby black oil.


 There were many things in the black oil, there were sea beast corpses and different ores. Blue scaled mermaid Xia Lin was among them, she had fainted.


 Her face was not the same as Xie Han Mo, but their disposition was very alike, a complex gaze flickered in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He breathed out lightly as a bubble surrounded Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin was saved, her eyes started to move, she barely opened her eyes before fainting again.


 When she woke up, she realized that she was lying in a waterhole.


 The sky was wide and clear, there was bright sunlight.


 The broad leaves of a few large trees cast a dense shadow, like an umbrella, covering her entire body.


 The breeze caressed her like a lover’s gentle hand, making Xia Lin feel cozy.


 "Didn’t I get engulfed when collecting black oil?" Xia Lin’s memories slowly surfaced: "That’s right, I seem to have been rescued. I saw a vague white figure on the dark ocean floor."


 Her body was still limp and weak, Xia Lin could barely raise her upper body, she looked around but saw no one.


 "Who saved me?" She became very confused, looking down at the waterhole that she was half lying in.


 There was a pool of clear water in the waterhole, it was crystal clear. Her blue scaled fish tail was shining with the reflection of the light in water.


 "This must be the arrangement of my savior." Xia Lin thought, she could not help but feel warmth in her heart. This water was not seawater, it was the most appropriate water for a weakened merman.


 "You are awake." Just at this moment, the tree leaves were moved aside as Fang Yuan walked in.


 "Did you save me?" Xia Lin stared at Fang Yuan, who wore white clothing, she felt a hint of familiarity.


 "You are very lucky, I happened to find you in that situation." Fang Yuan smiled slightly.


 Xia Lin was extremely grateful and was about to get up to express her gratitude, but was stopped by Fang Yuan’s outstretched arm.


 "Your body is still too weak. Eat something." Fang Yuan extended his hand and a trace of green wind flew around to the top of the tree and picked a fruit that resembled a coconut.


 The green wind held the fruit and flew to Xia Lin’s face. The green wind was like a pair of scissors, moving around and opening the shell, revealing the delicate bright red flesh inside that was like a pomegranate.


 Xia Lin took a small piece and put it in her mouth. The flesh was tender and juicy, it rolled down her dry throat and into her stomach. There was a warm feeling in her stomach, the fruit was very delicious.


 Xia Lin’s eyes instantly glowed, she was so hungry that she took out a few more chunks and put them in her mouth, swallowing them whole.


 "It is very delicious." She could not help but exclaim, but then she saw that Fang Yuan kept staring at her with his gentle gaze.


 Her face instantly flushed red as she stammered: "May I ask for your name, benefactor, I will definitely repay the favor of saving my life."


 Fang Yuan laughed: "This was a simple action, you do not need to do anything. In the future, stay away from the black oil, it is very dangerous there. You were lucky to have met me this time."


 Xia Lin’s expression turned dark.


 She was in a huge debt because of her grandfather’s funeral and had to risk collecting black oil to pay off the debt. To think that not only did she fail to get black oil, she even nearly died from this.


 "But even if I survive, I’ll be corroded by the black oil and will die soon. Sigh, how can I pay off my debts and repay this benefactor?" Xia Lin had a kind nature, she felt troubled over this.


 At this time, Fang Yuan’s gentle voice resounded in her ears: "Oh, right, you had black oil corrosion earlier, but it is not a problem anymore. I’ve already healed the injuries on you without any lingering after-effects."


 "Ah!" Xia Lin was astonished and stared at Fang Yuan with wide eyes, dumbfounded.


 This Gu Master in front of her could actually heal the problem from black oil corrosion! This was truly remarkable.


 Fang Yuan nodded at her: "Little girl, you are young, don’t have such rash thoughts. You still have a long journey ahead of you. Go ahead and eat something, after you regain your strength, come with me. I came here to do something."


 "Oh." Xia Lin was still in a daze.


 Fang Yuan smiled and turned around to leave.


 Xia Lin watched him pass through the forest and disappear for a long time before she reacted and began to continue eating the fruit in her hand.


 The flesh of the fruit was delicious and juicy, the windy breeze brushed her face, she was lying in pure water, her heart was filled with warmth and tranquility.


 "Don’t tell me this is just a dream?" As she ate, her tears flowed silently down her face.


 She was nothing more than an ordinary, poor mermaid girl. Reality was cold and harsh for her before this incident. The only warmth in her life came from her grandfather who took care of her.


 Her grandfather who was her only kin had died, Xia Lin was all alone now, her heart was hollow, her only goal in life now was to complete her grandfather’s water burial.


 In the customs of merfolk, a water burial was the final journey, it would bring peace to the dead. But a water burial was expensive, Xia Lin paid a huge price for it.


 As the girl ate, she sobbed soundlessly.


 Fang Yuan stood outside the forest, looking at the sea, he knew the situation inside well. But he did not go in, he gave the girl ample time to adjust her mood.


 In this life, he had a grand plan for Dragon Whale Paradise.


 Xia Lin’s series of missions were not the most important.


 For Fang Yuan to obtain regret Gu, he only needed to enter regret crying sea. Back then, he had made use of Xia Lin’s chain of missions to enter regret sea area. But other than this series, he had many other ways to get there.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan focused on getting regret Gu while Miao Ming Shen and the rest focused on doing missions, the more they did, the more they found out. The atmosphere then was much better than now. Miao Ming Shen and the rest interacted and left behind information path mortal Gu at the Merit Obelisk, sharing their gains with everyone without asking for compensation.


 Their collective findings and gains all became Fang Yuan’s current wealth.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had a deep and comprehensive understanding towards the Merit Obelisk and blue dragon whale.


 Xia Lin’s missions were created by Fang Yuan himself, it required luck and used a lot of time. The truth was, after some time, when mid-sized missions appear, there would be a few useful ones to get into regret crying sea.


 In the previous life, when these missions appeared, Fang Yuan already had Xia Lin as his pawn, because Miao Ming Shen and the rest were showing desire towards these missions, Fang Yuan did not compete with them.


 "But now, since I took the mission and found Xia Lin, it means that I can use her again."


 "This pawn is very useful, as long as I replicate the success of my previous life, I can indirectly control Merman Sacred City."


 "Controlling this force will be quite helpful to my plans ahead."


 Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 "Benefactor, I’ve kept you waiting." A moment later, Xia Lin floated out of the forest. She recovered some of her strength and did not want to keep Fang Yuan waiting.


 A white cloud supported her lower body, three feet away from the ground, helping her to move forward on land.


 "Don’t call me benefactor, my name is Chu Ying, people call me Master Chu." Fang Yuan smiled.


 "Master Chu." Xia Lin said.


 "Mm, let’s go." Fang Yuan brought Xia Lin as they moved to the fishing village.



***
Chapter 1894 Going Down, Going Up


***





 



 Fang Yuan brought Xia Lin to the small fishing village and met the village head.


 The moment they met, he soul searched directly in front of his face. The entire fishing village was in a trance for a while, and then recovered without suspicion.


 Fang Yuan collated this information and compared it to his previous life, he found that nothing had changed in the small fishing village.


 Like in his previous life, he was still using his identity as a traveling Gu Master to contact these mortals.


 First, he challenged the village’s Gu Masters and defeated them easily, then he taught them how to refine water shell Gu and gave them the recipe.


 The villagers were all very grateful.


 Fang Yuan then took them to the bottom of the sea to practice using these water shell Gu, he even taught them some healing methods to alleviate the corrosion of the black oil.


 To completely heal from the corrosion of the black oil, one needed at least rank four Gu worms.


 The Gu Masters in the small fishing village were simply not even close to rank four. The things Fang Yuan taught them were things that they could do.


 During this process, Fang Yuan focused on teaching Xia Lin.


 In the previous life, he had only given her water shell Gu, but now, he wanted to nurture her properly. He used wisdom path methods to directly hand methods over to her mind. At the same time, he corrected many of her mistakes.


 Fang Yuan did not stay in the small fishing village for long, and when he left, the entire village fell to their knees.


 Xia Lin wanted to follow Fang Yuan, but he stopped her and said with deep meaning: "This isn’t the end of our connection, we will meet again in the future."


 Xia Lin was helpless and could only watch tearfully as Fang Yuan disappeared with a flicker of light.


 Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk once again.


 His merit points had risen by ten.


 The initial missions on the Merit Obelisk were small missions, the rewarded merit points ranged from one to ten.


 This time, Fang Yuan collected black oil and taught the villagers in the small fishing village to sustain a livelihood, he had completed the task perfectly.


 At this time, Shen Cong Sheng and the others had all been transported away to complete their respective missions, there was only one person at the Merit Obelisk now.


 It was Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen was staring at the four sides of the Merit Obelisk which had moving words and characters, he was very patient.


 He faintly felt that there was a mysterious connection between himself and the Merit Obelisk, the peculiar feeling was extremely hidden and also very weak.


 But he had no idea how to grasp onto this opportunity.


 A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes as he saw this.


 The secrets involving Dragon Whale Paradise were very deep and mysterious.


 What method did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable use to restrict Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan had no way to find out.


 His method did not leave any traces, it was as if it were a naturally occurring phenomenon, like how there were males and females among people, and how the sky had a sun and a moon.


 Gu Immortals could not make a move on each other or the inhabitants of this small world.


 But there were differences and discrepancies in this rule.


 For example, Fang Yuan had soul searched the mortals in his earlier mission, he even gave a lot of knowledge to Xia Lin through wisdom path imparting methods.


 Was that not considered making a move on the inhabitants?


 Of course it was.


 But Fang Yuan had no ill intentions, he was trying to help them. Thus, he was not restricted at all in his actions.


 But once he had any evil thoughts, these methods would not be usable, he would even face backlash from using these killer moves.


 Or for example, the collection of black oil in this mission.


 The excess black oil was all kept in the sovereign immortal aperture by Fang Yuan.


 Normally speaking, other than the immortal materials on the starting island, Gu Immortals could not take the resources of the other areas for themselves.


 But Fang Yuan had taken the black oil near the island to complete his mission, by reducing the number of food path dao marks there, it would allow other natural resources to grow.


 This was a good thing for the island’s environment on the whole, so it was not restricted.


 Not only did Fang Yuan complete the mission, he also collected a portion of the black oil as profit. This mission to collect black oil was obviously much more profitable than the others.


 There were many missions on the Merit Obelisk, but there were also differences in missions, whether they were superior or inferior.


 In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest had a lot of findings, these were all Fang Yuan’s exclusive information now.


 Fang Yuan slowly approached the Merit Obelisk.


 His footsteps interrupted Miao Ming Shen’s thoughts as he turned around to look, his pupils shrunk as he thought: "It’s Chu Ying!"


 Fang Yuan smiled: "Brother Miao, your connection with the Merit Obelisk is too weak. This connection is mainly used to find this place, it will not be of much help to you from now on. I would advise you to actively complete your missions and accumulate more merits."


 Fang Yuan’s polite attitude surprised Miao Ming Shen.


 He had seen with his own eyes when Fang Yuan said ’scram’ at Shen Tan and Shen Cong Sheng.


 He was quickly attracted to Fang Yuan’s words as he felt some shock: "He actually knows about the connection between me and the Merit Obelisk! This is a secret I have never revealed to anyone else. How did he know? Unless he is like me and can also sense the location of the blue dragon whale? Or maybe he can’t sense its location, but has other forms of connections instead?"


 Miao Ming Shen looked at Fang Yuan, feeling that this person was getting increasingly unfathomable.


 He was filled with doubts, he opened his mouth to ask questions, but wisely close to keep it shut.


 Fang Yuan acted so arrogantly in front of Shen Cong Sheng, it was useless to try to force him.


 "If he wants to tell me, he will definitely take the initiative to speak, if I try to ask him, I will not get anything I want." Miao Ming Shen sighed internally.


 Fang Yuan passed by as his finger pointed at a certain line of text on the obelisk, he suddenly said: "You can take this mission, it is quite suitable for you. Complete missions and accumulate merit points, it is not simply about doing superficial good deeds, it is better to teach a man to fish than to fish for him."


 Miao Ming Shen shook internally, he gulped as he said two words: "Thank you."


 "You’re welcome." Fang Yuan smiled.


 Giving Miao Ming Shen some guidance was not just a casual action.


 On one hand, it was to sow discord among these people for his own convenience, and on the other hand, he was also trying to make some arrangements to affect Eastern Sea.


 The secret regarding Miao Ming Shen’s ability was only announced in the previous life after a lot of futile attempts at finding out. Regarding the truth behind it, many immortals had reliable guesses.


 Miao Ming Shen was quite popular in the lone immortal world of Eastern Sea, if he was forced by Shen Cong Sheng into a corner, it was likely that Qi Sea Ancestor or Wu Shuai could recruit and take him in.


 Fang Yuan did not take a mission, instead, he went to the other side of the Merit Obelisk and exchanged for a title.


 In an instant, his merit points that exceeded a hundred were reduced to single digits, plummeting from the first place to the last.


 When Miao Ming Shen saw the change on the merit board, his eyes sparkled and his mind was filled with huge suspicions: "Chu Ying spent a hundred merit points, what exactly did he exchange for?"


 Fang Yuan took his mission and vanished again.


 Miao Ming Shen immediately came to the other side of the Merit Obelisk to check the list of things they could exchange for.


 But how could he find out easily?


 There were too many rewards that were priced at a hundred merit points, it was also possible to have a combination of rewards to expend a hundred points instantly.


 Miao Ming Shen felt a sense of curiosity, he immediately realized that Fang Yuan’s action had a deep meaning, it must be beneficial to him, otherwise he would not have given up his advantage like that.


 "Did Chu Ying deliberately express goodwill earlier so that I would help him hide this information?" Another thought appeared in Miao Ming Shen’s mind.


 But soon he shook his head.


 Fang Yuan’s merit points were right there, it was something that could not be hidden, soon, the other Gu Immortals would discover it.


 With a flash of white light, Fang Yuan was transported to the bottom of the sea.


 The seawater was murky, sand was churning, and a giant salamander was causing chaos.


 This giant salamander had a smooth body without a single scale, its head was wide and large, its body was stout and flat, its limbs were very thick and short, and its tentacles were like tiger claws. Its claws and teeth were sharp, its gills were glistening with firm tiger whiskers.


 This was a desolate beast, tiger king salamander!


 The tiger king salamander rampaged and created shocking waves that affected the peace of the land.


 The mission that Fang Yuan took on was to suppress it.


 Fang Yuan did not rush to take action, he scouted first.


 Soon, his brow furrowed slightly and a peculiar expression appeared on his face.


 He could not find out the reason for the tiger king salamander’s rampage. There was nothing abnormal about its body or mind, but it was acting manically and unpredictably, wantonly destroying its surroundings.


 Not only that, it even self-mutilated, it had clearly gone insane.


 Attempting to attack the tiger king salamander, Fang Yuan discovered that this desolate beast’s battle strength had soared to the level of an ancient desolate beast.


 "This is the same situation as the one that Miao Ming Shen’s group faced in the previous life." Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 In his previous life, he had only completed the missions involving Xia Lin, there were few missions and he did not encounter this. After trying it in this life, he found that according to his knowledge and vision, he could not even see through this peculiarity.


 The tiger king salamander was actually very beneficial to the environment.


 It could swallow salt and sand to purify the seawater, making it crystal clear and saline, producing extraordinary natural resources.


 A tiger king salamander is often the core of a pure and clean sea. This pure seawater could be drunk directly.


 If it was possible, Fang Yuan did not want to kill this tiger king salamander. If he could pacify and calm it down, Fang Yuan would be able to reap a large amount of merit points.


 But right now, it was obviously impossible.


 Fang Yuan had no choice but to take action and kill it.


 The corpse of the tiger king salamander acted as the extra profit for the mission and was kept in the immortal aperture.


 Ren Xiu Ping returned to the starting island again.


 And a group of people had gathered near the Merit Obelisk.


 Seeing his arrival, a Gu Immortal of Shen Clan, Shen Xiao, said to him: "Congratulations, Brother Ren, you’re now at the top of the merit board."


 "Ah? How is that possible!" Ren Xiu Ping did not believe it at first, but after witnessing with his own eyes, he was surprised and delighted.


 His name was really ranked first, even Shen Cong Sheng was ranked second.


 Shen Cong Sheng had also returned and was standing in front of the obelisk, his expression was a little dark.


 Ren Xuping carefully looked at Shen Cong Sheng, he was thrilled that he had ’defeated’ the rank eight Gu Immortal, but at the same time, he was also a little worried.


 Shen Cong Sheng cast his gaze towards Ren Xiu Ping.


 Ren Xiuping quickly bowed his head and cupped his fists: "Lord."


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded: "Ren Xiu Ping, in your opinion, what exactly did Chu Ying exchange that caused his own ranking to slip to last place?"


 Ren Xiu Ping was dazed, only now did he realize that Fang Yuan was at the bottom of the ranking, he quickly calmed down and furrowed his brows: "Indeed, Chu Ying would rather give up the lead to spend his merit points, it is certain that the thing he exchanged for was very useful to him."


 If it could be helpful to him, it would naturally be advantageous to the others as well.


 But what exactly would it be?


 The group of immortals had been discussing for a while now.


 With a flash of white light, Fang Yuan appeared in front of everyone once again.


 At the same time, his ranking on the merit board skyrocketed, once again rising to the top.


 Chu Ying, ninety-eight merit points!


 At once, the immortals became tongue-tied.



***
Chapter 1895 Mid-sized Missions


***





 



 Small sized missions gave one to ten merit points. Meanwhile, mid-sized missions gave eleven to a hundred merit points.


 Fang Yuan exchanged for a ’good person’ title, it allowed him to accept mid-sized missions.


 Mid-sized missions were Gu Immortal level, the tiger king salamander that Fang Yuan dealt with this time was a rank six desolate beast but its battle strength had reached rank seven.


 This mission’s difficulty was way beyond the limits of a mortal.


 The higher the difficulty, the greater the reward.


 "Thus, I earned over ninety merit points this time..." Fang Yuan realized: "The reason why I did not get a hundred is because I took away the tiger king salamander’s corpse. If I left it behind, the dao marks on the corpse would spread out and elevate the foundation of the surrounding environment."


 Fang Yuan had done this purposely.


 He was curious about the reason why the tiger king salamander went on a rampage.


 Thus, he brought this corpse with him, planning to research on it later.


 In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest encountered this situation many times, they researched together but did not find the root cause. This time, Fang Yuan wanted to try it himself.


 The group of immortals looked at Fang Yuan and the merit board, their expressions and emotions were similarly terrible.


 They had worked so hard to complete their missions, each one gave ten merit points at most. Fang Yuan however, got over ninety merit points from one mission.


 This comparison was truly infuriating!


 Even though small sized missions were simple, they wasted a lot of time. Mid-sized missions was much more efficient in terms of merit points.


 Looking as Fang Yuan approached the Merit Obelisk, some of the Gu Immortals felt jealous, some were curious, while others felt despair.


 At this rate, Fang Yuan was taking huge steps forward while they were crawling like snails, how could they ever catch up to him? He would only leave them in the dust as time passed!


 Hua Die looked at Miao Ming Shen, wanting to ask Fang Yuan about this, but he shook his head at her.


 Shen Cong Sheng looked over at Shen Xiao.


 Shen Xiao had no choice, he had to force a smile and walk towards Fang Yuan.


 "Brother Chu." He cupped his fists, speaking in an earnest tone and polite attitude: "Just name the price, as long as I can afford it, I will satisfy you."


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "You want to know how I obtained so many merit points?"


 "Indeed." Shen Xiao cupped his fists again: "I hope brother can teach us. Don’t worry, with my Shen clan’s foundation, we will not disappoint you. Furthermore, you are not just getting my friendship, you will get the friendship of Shen clan!"


 Earlier, Shen clan tried to force Fang Yuan but he was indifferent and acted extremely arrogantly. Shen Xiao changed his tactic and tried to exchange for it using benefits instead, it was a wise move.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Sure, use a true inheritance of your Shen clan to exchange for it."


 Shen Cong Sheng’s eyes shined when he heard this, he did not expect Fang Yuan to agree, he could not help but ask: "What true inheritance do you want?"


 "It is up to you, if you don’t want to give an inheritance, Immortal Gu are fine too." Fang Yuan said nonchalantly.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s lips twitched, he wanted an Immortal Gu? Dream on!


 He thought about it and tossed out an information path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan received it and looked through the content, there was a transformation path Gu Immortal true inheritance, it was rather incomplete, the truly valuable parts were still with Shen Cong Sheng.


 Fang Yuan clicked his tongue as he tossed the mortal Gu back to Shen Cong Sheng: "Another one."


 Shen Cong Sheng received the information path mortal Gu and erased the information inside, injecting a new wave of content. Of course, this was incomplete as well.


 Fang Yuan received it and nodded, giving the information path mortal Gu back to Shen Cong Sheng: "Another one."


 Shen Cong Sheng received the information path mortal Gu and looked at Fang Yuan, saying grimly: "Chu Ying, you want to look at so many of them, how much content do you want to see?"


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn: "Don’t worry, I, Chu Ying, act according to my principles, I am not someone who goes back on my words. Those who treat others as fools are the real fools. How about this, give me a portion of constant wave sound and I will tell you the reason why I gained so many merit points."


 "Fine, I’ll believe you once." Shen Cong Sheng did not hesitate, taking out a conch from his immortal aperture and tossing it to Fang Yuan.


 This conch was only the size of a palm, and was itself a desolate beast.


 There was a wave sound stored in the conch, this wave sound was a sound path rank seven immortal material, a specialty product of Shen clan, it could produce sounds for years without ever stopping.


 Fang Yuan inspected it and found nothing suspicious, he placed this immortal material into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 He looked at Shen Cong Sheng and smiled, "Then I’ll tell you this secret. Do you want me to tell you alone, or do you wish to make it public?"


 This time, it was Shen Cong Sheng’s turn to look solemn.


 But he only hesitated for a moment and then smiled: "What is there to hide? Please speak directly."


 As expected of an old expert who had been leading Shen clan for many years.


 Once he said that, even the Gu Immortals on Miao Ming Shen’s side developed some good feelings towards Shen Cong Sheng.


 Miao Ming Shen coldly snorted in his mind: "No agreement can be made here, Shen Cong Sheng can’t restrain Chu Ying at all. Chu Ying is trying to sow discord! Since he can tell Shen Cong Sheng alone, he can tell others in the future as well. Shen Cong Sheng knows this, so even if he is unwilling, he has no choice but to make it public."


 "Good, Lord Shen Cong Sheng’s magnanimity is admirable." Fang Yuan turned around and placed his palm on the surface of the obelisk.


 Words related to missions started to vanish before emerging again.


 But these new words were different from before.


 Thousand soul fog appeared on White Light Mountain, the living creatures were in dire need of help to clear it up.


 In seahorse sea area, coral seahorses fought each other, a number of seahorse kings were rioting and needed to be suppressed.


 The formation on gathering-separation island had not been repaired for years, causing serious disruptions to the lives of the islanders, it needed to be fixed.


 Fish round island lacked seawater, one had to make it rain for three days and nights there.


 ...


 The Gu Immortals were stunned.


 These missions were clearly different from the previous ones, such as the thousand soul fog, which was a soul path rank seven immortal material, it was quite famous. Another example was that every coral seahorse was a rank five wild beast, while seahorse kings were at least desolate beasts.


 Shen Xiao watched with glimmering eyes as he sighed deeply: "These are missions worthy of Gu Immortals."


 Those small sized missions earlier were limited to the mortal level, they were simply weak in comparison to these missions.


 Shen Xiao copied Fang Yuan and placed his hand on the obelisk but his expression turned to confusion: "Why can’t I accept these missions?"


 "Of course not. I have used up a hundred merit points in order to accept these missions." Fang Yuan smiled.


 The immortals quickly focused their attention on his words.


 But Fang Yuan kept his mouth shut.


 Shen Xiao became anxious, he cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: "Please do teach us, Brother Chu."


 Fang Yuan looked at him with a slightly mocking expression with raised brows: "Why should I tell you?"


 Shen Xiao’s expression froze: "We made a deal earlier."


 "I know. You guys asked how I acquired a large amount of merit points. I have completed the transaction and told you the reason, it was because I received these missions. As for how to receive these missions, that is a different question." Fang Yuan said.


 The group of immortals were dumbfounded.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression turned dark while the Shen clan Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with anger in their eyes.


 Shen Xiao was stunned before he laughed again, only this time, it was clearly mixed with anger: "Brother Chu is really impressive at doing business. A single answer alone earned you a rank seven immortal material that is unique to my clan."


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Shen clan’s constant wave sound is unique in the world, I really profited from this transaction. But I did not lie to you, I did not give you false information either. I, Chu Ying, am not such a person."


 Fang Yuan showed a demeanor of having a conscience and bottom-line, it made all of the immortals here seethe with anger.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s anger accumulated.


 He was a grand righteous path rank eight, he was actually being toyed by this rank seven lone immortal Chu Ying who had no fame, how could he let this pass?


 "After we leave Dragon Whale Paradise, I am going to deal with you properly!" Shen Cong Sheng swore in his heart, but he smiled and laughed heartily without showing any displeasure, he clapped: "Chu Ying, very impressive. You obtained the constant wave sound through your wittiness, that was your ability. Don’t worry, why would my Shen clan be so petty over a small matter? Come, let’s make another deal, tell me what you want in exchange for this information to get the mission?"


 The group of immortals looked at Fang Yuan with eyes that could not help but reveal envy.


 It was just so easy to earn immortal materials like this.


 But from Shen Cong Sheng’s perspective, his clan was affluent, one or two rank seven immortal materials in exchange for precious information was not a bad deal.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: "I am not going to sell this information, you all can try it yourselves."


 Shen Cong Sheng glared: "Chu Ying, I hope that you will think about it clearly!"


 Fang Yuan, however, ignored him and disappeared again with a flash of white light.


 Shen Cong Sheng was livid, he was not given any face at all.


 "Chu Ying, don’t let me catch you outside!" Shen Cong Sheng swore in his heart. This was the first time he had seen such a rank seven Gu Immortal, he completely disregarded him.


 Fang Yuan needed to maintain his advantage on the merit board, this was useful to his plan of conquering the paradise.


 "As for Shen Cong Sheng and the rest... hehe, I don’t believe that you can stay united." Fang Yuan smiled coldly in his heart, his plan to sow discord did not work earlier because it was a minor action, but this time, he dug a pit, he was not afraid that Shen Cong Sheng would not jump in.


 In a way, Fang Yuan needed external help. It was necessary to split up this huge group.


 He could complete the mid-sized missions independently by himself, but after the mid-sized missions, there were large sized missions too.


 This kind of mission often required different Gu Immortals to cooperate with each other and work together to complete it.


 Although Fang Yuan had quite a few Gu Immortal subordinates hidden in his immortal aperture, it was useless. In this Dragon Whale Paradise, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s methods restricted this.


 It seemed that only those Gu Immortals who had passed that test outside and were sent to the starting island while asleep were eligible to enter and leave this place, and also receiving and completing missions.


 After Fang Yuan left, the atmosphere at the Merit Obelisk turned heavy.


 Because Shen Cong Sheng had made a rather forceful request, he wanted the surrounding Gu Immortals to spend their respective merit points to exchange for those contentious rewards.


 Shen Cong Sheng was betting that one of these rewards would be the one Fang Yuan exchanged for earlier!


 Since Fang Yuan did not tell him, he was going to test it personally.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were unwilling to do that but they had no choice, they had to make considerations for the future and could not offend this rank eight sound path great expert.



***
Chapter 1896 Killed Instantly


***





 



 Shen Cong Sheng stared intently at the surface of the Merit Obelisk.


 Although he did not show it, he was indeed feeling anxious at the moment.


 As the first supreme elder of Shen clan, he was in a high position of power. As a rank eight great expert, he could be said to be standing at the peak of Gu cultivation. However, facing the Paradise Earth true inheritance, his foundation was simply too shallow and insignificant.


 Fang Yuan was able to take on mid-sized missions, he had a huge advantage in getting the Paradise Earth true inheritance. Shen Cong Sheng was forced to do everything he could to catch up with Fang Yuan’s footsteps.


 Although he had come here with a different purpose, the Paradise Earth true inheritance was right in front of him, he would not give up without trying his best to get it.


 Therefore, even though Shen Cong Sheng knew that Fang Yuan had the intention of sowing discord, he still forced the other Gu Immortals to exchange for the various rewards.


 In order to try to ease the emotions of the other Gu Immortals, Shen Cong Sheng also took out various immortal materials from his own immortal material to compensate them.


 However, it was clear that these immortal materials were far less valuable than the Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 The immortals were forced to comply with Shen Cong Sheng’s orders due to his authority, their inner resentment naturally grew deeper and deeper.


 Shen Cong Sheng had lost the hearts of the people, and to make matters worse, these rewards exchanged by the group of immortals were not the one that allowed him to take on mid-sized missions.


 "The rewards on this list are a bit too numerous, excluding those rewards exchanged before, there are still three most likely rewards left." Shen Cong Sheng felt a headache.


 "Let’s take a gamble." He knew that time could not be wasted, after a moment of deep deliberation, he used his merit points to choose and exchange for one of them.


 At the next moment, Shen Cong Sheng’s expression turned dark.


 "This is not the one!" He gritted his teeth, feeling very dejected.


 He had lost the gamble.


 It was really bad luck.


 As such, they had spent almost all of their accumulated merit points, but what they obtained, although helpful, were not very significant in this situation.


 "Don’t tell me it is this ’good person’ title?" Shen Cong Sheng looked at the merit board, sighing deeply to himself.


 It was useless to say anything now.


 All he could do was to hurry up and accumulate more merit points, then continue to exchange for rewards.


 "But before that, I still need to appease these Gu Immortals." Shen Cong Sheng turned to look at the immortals.


 They had similarly unhappy expressions.


 Shen Cong Sheng was quite eloquent, after saying some words, he pulled out a batch of immortal materials and gave them to the immortals.


 Although the immortals received these immortal materials, their expressions only changed slightly.


 In this Dragon Whale Paradise, Shen Cong Sheng had rank eight battle strength but he could not do anything to them. This key was the most important foundation for Shen Cong Sheng’s declining influence.


 Swish swish swish...


 The tides were rising and falling, the fishy sea breeze blowing on his face, Fang Yuan stood in the clouds, overlooking the sea market below him from the sky.


 The sea market was a place where people sold and exchanged for cultivation resources, usually having fixed locations. Not long ago, Fang Yuan disguised himself as Qi Sea Ancestor to hold the Eastern Sea banquet, in a way, it was a super-sized sea market, it almost involved all of the Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea.


 The same type of sea markets existed in Dragon Whale Paradise, and there were quite a few of them.


 This sea market that Fang Yuan observed was centered around a small island, with numerous fishing boat-like Gu Houses surrounding the island.


 For more than half of each year, this island would be flooded by seawater, so this sea market was not open all year round.


 Because of its advantageous location, the island sea market became an indispensable trading area. Even if it was not open for half the time each year, as long as it opened, the surrounding Gu Masters and forces would flock to it.


 Fang Yuan was very familiar with this sea island, he had come here in his previous life.


 In his previous life, Xia Lin had been framed on this island by an unscrupulous merchant, the mission Fang Yuan had happened to take was to punish this merchant severely, he saved Xia Lin as a result.


 In this life, Fang Yuan also took the mission and came here, but it was a mid-sized mission, completely different from the previous time in terms of characters involved.


 The sea market was extremely lively.


 There was a huge crowd of people moving around, having both humans and merfolk.


 "Come, come, take a look, this is a superb crystal coral."


 "There are three Gu house River Boats left, quickly buy them before they are sold out!"


 "Purchasing grand soil, I will buy as many as you can sell..."


 Xia Lin appeared.


 She moved on the deck, observing the goods at the stalls as she made her way towards the core island.


 Unlike before, she was energetic and her eyes had life in them, after receiving Fang Yuan’s guidance and teaching after a life-and-death situation, she had improved drastically from the inside out.


 Fang Yuan activated his investigative method, surveying the surrounding hundred li.


 As soon as Xia Lin appeared, he found her.


 Fang Yuan did not approach Xia Lin, but continued to scout the interior of the island, as well as the depths of the sea.


 An immortal level formation gradually appeared in his perception.


 Fang Yuan could not help but praise it in his mind as he looked at it.


 The structure of this immortal formation was very profound, it was a formation that was mainly earth path and water path, its role was to sustain the island, managing the surrounding sea currents and improving the environment of the entire surrounding sea.


 But now, this immortal formation was damaged, the earth path portion was eroded while the water path portion was not changed much.


 There was originally a balance of earth path and water path. Now, with the weakening of earth path, water path became more overbearing. The island was able to remain open the entire year in the past, but because of the damage to the formation, it would be submerged in water for half of each year.


 Fang Yuan wanted to repair the formation now.


 Fang Yuan’s abilities, however, were still somewhat lacking. His formation path attainment level was not bad, being at grandmaster. But to use the natural dao marks to create a formation, he would have to be a great grandmaster.


 At the same time, his water path attainment level was at grandmaster, while his earth path attainment level was only master.


 And the problem was that this formation needed fixing in the earth path aspect.


 "This formation is not the work of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, but a certain formation path great grandmaster instead." Fang Yuan analyzed.


 If it were Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself, it would definitely gave the style and size of a formation like regret crying sea.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan and the others had discovered that they were not the first batch of Gu Immortals to come into the Dragon Whale Paradise.


 There were also predecessors who had entered here before to receive missions and earn merit points.


 Evidently, the formation Fang Yuan saw was the work of a certain predecessor.


 "There’s no need to hurry, looking at the time, there should be some gain at Wu Shuai’s end soon." While Fang Yuan continued his surveillance and transmitted the information he detected to the time path clone for deductions, he also stealthily descended and mixed in with the crowd, following after Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin entered a gambling den.


 The door had three words written on it, Golden Jade House, it was clearly a high grade gambling den among the mortals.


 This gambling den had tens of huge rocks in the hall, behind the hall were many rooms with an assortment of rock dissecting Gu worms for the customers to enjoy using.


 "I’m here to return the loan." Xia Lin took out an information path mortal Gu.


 Several months ago, her only family member, her grandfather, died.


 Merfolk sea funerals were very expensive. In order to bury her grandfather, she had to borrow primeval stones.


 To repay the debt, she had to take a risk and collect black oil, almost dying in the Earth Trench as a result. Fortunately, she met Fang Yuan and was saved miraculously, not only that, her strength even rose drastically thanks to his help.


 Just like in her previous life, Xia Lin obtained gather oil Gu from Fang Yuan. Her efficiency in collecting oil increased, she quickly gathered a huge amount of primeval stones from selling oil.


 The one who attended to her was a scarred merman, after taking this information path mortal Gu, he smiled deviously: "Lass, you must have seen wrongly, our agreement is not like this."


 Xia Lin was slightly stunned, "What do you mean?"


 The surrounding Gu Masters knew about Golden Jade House’s usual tricks, they saw this and shook their heads: "Sigh, another Gu Master has fallen for it again."


 Xia Lin talked to the other party and finally reacted.


 "You guys are shameless, you changed the agreement details, our contract was ten percent interest, but you raised it to sixty percent!" Xia Lin said with a furious expression.


 The scarred merman’s face became solemn, he looked at Xia Lin with a vicious gaze: "Young lady, you cannot spread false news like that! Are you trying to ruin our reputation, this is detrimental to our business, who would come to our shop after this? Can you bear the cost of our losses?"


 "Screw you! Even if I die, I will expose this shop’s evil deeds."


 The scarred merman changed his tone as he said eerily: "Die? You are too naive, sometimes, being alive is worse than dying."


 A sharp light shined in Xia Lin’s eyes: "You forced my hand!"


 She shouted as she attacked.


 Swoosh!


 An explosion was heard as a torrent was shot out.


 The scarred merman did not expect that in this situation, an innocent and naive lass would dare to attack him, a rank three, in his territory, the Golden Jade House.


 The scarred merman was caught unprepared, he was washed away by the torrent, crashing into the wall as many decorations shattered.


 The commotion was huge, the Gu Masters who were quietly choosing and dissecting rocks all came to watch.


 A large number of eyes turned to look at Xia Lin and the scarred merman.


 "What happened?"


 "What happened?"


 The scarred merman was lying in rubble, he looked at Xia Lin with extreme disbelief and anger.


 He wanted to get up, but in the end, he only managed to raise his finger.


 After that, he collapsed and stopped breathing.


 "Dead... he died!"


 "Oh heavens, who is this girl? She actually killed a merman in one move."


 "He was a rank three Gu Master!"


 The crowd went into a commotion, the Gu Masters were deeply shocked.


 Xia Lin was also quite surprised by this, she was only rank two now, but the Gu worms that Fang Yuan gave her were all incredibly useful, they could form very powerful killer moves.


 After Xia Lin used these Gu worms to form a rank two killer move, she killed a rank three Gu Master in one hit.


 The mermaid girl was stunned.


 She was dazed on the spot.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he transmitted to her.


 "Master Chu!" The mermaid girl heard his voice as her eyes shined, she spoke with deep joy.


 But Fang Yuan did not show up, he instructed the mermaid girl on how to find an excuse to take over the entire Golden Jade House in a dignified and justified manner.



***
Chapter 1897 Clone Enters Dream


***





 



 Jian Wen blessed land.


 The palace was deep and had a magnificent number of structures. The shade of the trees was thick, the summer cicadas sang.


 The long-closed doors of the palace were opened, all of the featherman girls along the way fell to their knees to greet the master of the palace, Xia Cha.


 Xia Cha’s expression was unsightly, she was filled with gloominess.


 She had tried all sorts of methods in her closed cultivation, but none of them could allow her to advance from a rank five Gu Master to a rank six.


 All methods had been exhausted, leaving only one path in front of her - to purchase the rank six level second aperture Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan.


 As the first supreme elder of Xia clan, Xia Cha originally had rank eight cultivation, but in the ambush battle of the River of Time, she was captured by Fang Yuan. Although she was lucky to survive, her rank eight immortal aperture had already been taken away by Fang Yuan.


 After releasing Xia Cha, Fang Yuan took the opportunity to sell his second aperture Gu and extort the Southern Border super forces in another way.


 As a result, Xia Cha was given the opportunity to cultivate again, she grasped it like a drowning man who was surviving by hanging onto a wooden plank.


 Xia Cha had now regained rank five cultivation, but she was stuck at the most crucial step.


 Advancing to Gu Immortal!


 Her countless attempts to ascend to immortal had failed.


 "Ugh." Xia Cha sighed, coming to terms with reality once and for all.


 "Prepare fresh water for me to clean up, additionally, spread news that I have come out, ask second supreme elder and third supreme elder to come here." Xia Cha instructed the featherman maids beside her.


 However, after waiting for an hour, Xia Cha did not see the arrival of second supreme elder or third supreme elder, but rather they transmitted that they had important matters to handle, they were unable to come.


 "These two old scoundrels!" Xia Cha cursed in her heart, a chilly feeling assaulted her heart.


 Although she was also clear that sooner or later there would be such a day, when it actually came, she still felt a chill in her heart.


 To think that she had once been the center of authority, she made all sorts of sacrifices for Xia clan, she was the decision maker of all political affairs, but now she was just a rank five cripple who had to endure other people’s disrespect.


 In the past, Xia clan’s second supreme elder and third supreme elder had to look up to her as their leader. In fact, their rise to their current status was all because of Xia Cha’s help of nurturing.


 "It looks like... these old scoundrels are trying to gain independence." Xia Cha looked at the empty hall as she sighed in her heart.


 There was not much anger in her, but more of a sense of helplessness and sadness.


 Could she say that they were ungrateful? Not entirely. In fact, Xia Cha understood the choice that these Xia clan Gu Immortals made.


 Because of her, Xia clan had already been extorted too harshly by Fang Yuan, their inventory was greatly depleted, even though they had painstakingly accumulated so many years of foundation, it was like them looking after Fang Yuan’s assets now.


 Even if Xia Cha could regain her cultivation, she would have to start all over again, the resources expended in the long run would certainly be a huge amount.


 Should they give the resources to Xia Cha or keep it for themselves?


 After the initial panic and uncertainty, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals began to have an unsaid agreement with each other.


 Xia Cha’s first supreme elder title was now just a hollow status. Her rank five cultivation level could not allow her to intervene in Gu Immortal level situations.


 Xia Cha pondered for a long while before she took out an information path mortal Gu and gave it to a featherman maid for her to bring to the second supreme elder.


 But in the evening, the reply from second supreme elder infuriated Xia Cha once again.


 "Even the title of the first supreme elder has no value anymore." Xia Cha gritted her teeth.


 It turned out that she had proposed a deal with the second supreme elder in the information path mortal Gu, Xia Cha was willing to hand over her own first supreme elder title to the second supreme elder. He would be able to rightfully sit on the throne of Xia clan’s highest position of authority, while only having to pay an amount of cultivation resources.


 But Xia clan’s second supreme elder did not accept it, he politely rejected her offer.


 Evidently, he had reached an agreement with the third supreme elder, they were going to make Xia Cha their figurehead and still let her continue to be the first supreme elder.


 Xia clan’s situation was not the same as Ba clan.


 Ba clan’s Ba Shi Ba encountered the same situation as Xia Cha, but he was already kicked off his position as the first supreme elder, the newly advanced rank eight Gu Immortal Ba De had taken the role instead.


 Meanwhile, Xia clan’s Xia Zhao and Xia Chen Yuan were only rank seven in cultivation level, they both cultivated earth path.


 Years ago, when Xia Cha first came to power, she was not a rank eight Gu Immortal yet, in order to take control of Xia clan, she had nurtured Xia Chen Yuan and Xia Zhao, to use them to contest against Xia clan’s existing factions.


 Now that Xia Cha’s cultivation level had fallen to rank five, while Xia Chen Yuan and Xia Zhao still had their authority, they started having different ideas.


 But as far as the righteous path was concerned, they did not dare to make a move on Xia Cha, who had shown great kindness to the two of them. They would rather let Xia Cha have the position of first supreme elder than to lose their own reputation.


 Xia Cha knew that her influence over Xia clan had slipped to a dangerous point, and it was slipping faster and faster!


 She had to become an immortal as soon as possible, otherwise, she would be completely pushed out of the circle of Xia clan’s higher-ups.


 However, there was no way for her to break free from this predicament, as she did not have any capital to negotiate or transact.


 Xia Cha’s situation was not an exception, but the norm.


 The attitudes among the Southern Border righteous path forces had started to change.


 The most important person causing this change was naturally Wu clan’s Wu Yong.


 He had been relying on Heavenly Court and his own political skills to elevate his own reputation and influence in Southern Border’s righteous path.


 The downfall of Xia Cha and Ba Shi Ba, these experienced rank eights, gave him an incredibly rare opportunity.


 Despite the appearance of Lu Wei Yin, the Virtue Paradise behind him included a large number of mushroommen and not just humans. This gave them a natural political shortcoming in Southern Border’s righteous path, which Wu Yong grasped firmly and took full advantage of.


 Lu Wei Yin did not pose an obstacle to Wu Yong, so his influence in the Southern Alliance was growing by the day.


 There was already a faction within the Southern Alliance, its voice was becoming louder and louder, with Wu Yong being the main advocate. He advocated that the Southern Alliance should actively confront Fang Yuan and stop accepting his blackmail and extortion. Compromising with a demon like Fang Yuan would only fuel his arrogance.


 The Southern Border righteous path forces had almost gotten back most of their hostages, they had also been hurt by Fang Yuan’s blackmail and extortion. Thus, more and more Southern Border Gu Immortals responded to Wu Yong’s call with an increasingly supportive attitude.


 What Wu Yong exploited was precisely the hatred that the righteous path Gu Immortals felt towards Fang Yuan.


 Under the moonlit night, Fang Yuan’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body traveled alongside Chi Qu You.


 A secret transaction involving dream realms had just ended.


 "Lord Chi, we should part here." Fang Yuan’s dream path clone smiled.


 He was a temporary clone made from the dream realm, he had Gu Immortal cultivation and would self-detonate into a dream realm after reaching the time limit.


 Chi Qu You cupped his fists and sighed: "Fang Yuan, it’s not that I am making things difficult, it’s just that the risk of this business has become bigger. Now that the situation is so tense, if we get exposed, my Chi clan’s reputation will be completely ruined."


 The Pure Dream clone snorted coldly in his mind, Chi Qu You proposed to increase the price, no longer satisfied by the previous price. The given reason was that Southern Border’s righteous path was becoming more and more aggressive in dealing with Fang Yuan, Wu Yong gathering a huge force in Southern Border’s righteous path.


 This reason was of course bullshit, the real reason was that Chi Qu You used this excuse to raise the price because he wanted to get even more dream path research results.


 Fang Yuan wanted more dream realms, but now that it was getting harder and harder to extort Southern Border’s righteous path, the secret deal between Chi clan and Fang Yuan had become his main source again.


 Chi clan controlled the dream realm formation, one of its kind in Southern Border, Fang Yuan could only steal a portion of the dream realms by working with Chi clan.


 "I will explain this matter to my main body." The dream path clone left this sentence and directly flew away.


 Chi Qu You stayed where he was and watched Fang Yuan’s dream path clone disappear into the sky, his face turning cold as he left with a soft snort.


 It was not like he did not think of attacking the dream path clone.


 But he lacked dream path methods to deal with a dream path Gu Immortal. Furthermore, he was also worried that Fang Yuan’s main body was likely to be around here waiting in ambush.


 Fang Yuan himself was far away in Eastern Sea, but for this transaction, Wu Shuai had already arrived nearby with his Dragon Palace.


 If Chi Qu You were to make a move, he would certainly not gain anything.


 The Pure Dream clone soon returned to Dragon Palace.


 This was a temporary clone with immortal-level cultivation, but after reaching the time limit, it would fall apart and turn into a dream realm.


 "We cannot continue with Chi clan’s business anymore, unless we allow him to raise the price." The dream path clone said coldly, he opened his immortal aperture and let out a few dream realm bodies: "This batch of dream realms is likely the last batch we can get."


 It could not be helped.


 Fang Yuan and Chi Qu You did not make any kind of binding agreement.


 Chi Qu You purposely raised the price by using the excuse of Southern Border’s attitude.


 "The main enemy is in front of us, after this hurdle, this trivial Chi clan is nothing to worry about." Wu Shuai opened his mouth.


 Right now, he could not make a move yet.


 The more times he made a move, the more likely Heavenly Court would notice the true relationship between the Wu Shuai clone and Fang Yuan’s main body.


 The killer move dreamy light smoke had to be used on Heavenly Court, exposing it on Chi Qu You was truly a huge waste, it would be like killing a chicken with a bull’s knife.


 Rather than dealing with Chi clan, it would be more efficient to attack the formation directly.


 In fact, with Fang Yuan’s main body staying in Eastern Sea, it would be possible to deal with Chi clan with just the strength of Wu Shuai’s forces.


 But if he revealed these trump cards in advance, Heavenly Court would likely be so happy they might laugh in their dreams.


 Small greed ruins big plans.


 Moreover, by allowing Southern Border to preserve its strength, it could also cause more trouble for Heavenly Court in the future.


 Directly destroying the enemy, although straightforward and easy, sometimes does not reap the greatest benefits. For example, Fang Yuan had released Xia Cha and Ba Shi Ba, they had already started feeling ostracized and neglected in their respective clans.


 Fang Yuan would secretly sponsor them in the future.


 Their current situation could be said to be caused by Fang Yuan. But besides Fang Yuan, they had nobody else to rely on.


 Fang Yuan, on the other hand, needed these people to act as his eyes and ears, planting them in the righteous path forces of Southern Border, so that he would always maintain a certain amount of influence over Southern Border.


 It was just that at the moment, Fang Yuan still lacked some means to restrict them.


 Regarding this, the time path clone was already working night and day to make deductions.


 Boom boom boom.


 With a series of muffled sounds, the temporary Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies exploded one by one, turning into lumps of dream realms that fused with each other.


 These were all earth path dream realms.


 Wu Shuai sat on his dragon throne in the palace, his soul left his body and entered the dream.



***
Chapter 1898 Accumulated Soil Mountain


***





 



 Heaven and earth were gloomy, dark clouds loomed overhead, endless thunder roared and resonated.


 Scarlet lightning flashed countless times in the dark rolling clouds of smoke, black clouds swirled like vortexes, lightning balls descended from the center of the swirling vortexes one by one.


 These lightning balls were strangely shaped, resembling porcelain products, as large as a water tank, and glowing with red light.


 Grand tribulation — Red Porcelain Lightning Ball Tribulation!


 The lightning balls smashed down and erupted with crisp explosions.


 On the ground, an Immortal Gu House silently suffered from the damage caused by the explosions of the lightning balls, large pieces of debris continued to fly into the air, before turning back into the corpses of countless Gu worms.


 Inside the Immortal Gu House, Wu Shuai endured the sound of rumbling thunder in his ears and inspected himself first.


 He found that he had turned into an earth path rank eight Gu Immortal, he had wide fingers and a large stature, his battle robe was already covered in damage.


 And not far from him, there was a female immortal standing on the ground, her face was pale and her aura was not only weak but also a little strange.


 She was using a certain light path healing killer move, and thus was covered in a layer of holy white light. But on her face, exposed arms, legs and feet, dark path dao marks that resembled ink lines appeared.


 These dark path dao marks were so dense that they reached the extent of a rank nine immortal material, creating dao mark light, Gu Immortals could see it with their naked eyes.


 The female immortal had clear rank eight cultivation level.


 A light path rank eight Gu Immortal who had such a quantity of dark path dao marks, it made Wu Shuai very surprised.


 And more peculiarly, the female immortal’s dark path dao marks were still transforming. Not only did they increase in quantity, their arrangements and positions were rapidly changing too.


 The female immortal grunted, the killer move activation was successful, the halo around her stabilized while the dark path dao marks were also temporarily suppressed.


 The female immortal was sweating profusely, she opened her weak eyes to look at Wu Shuai, smiling bitterly: "I can’t be saved. This is my strongest healing method, but it can only temporarily suppress the injury. When the time limit of the killer move is up, the injury will explode with terrifying power."


 "Oh Zheng Yang, my most beloved, I can no longer accompany you. You have to live well." The female immortal said, tears flowing down her cheeks.


 "No, there must be some way, there must be! You must never give up hope, this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress of mine is made up of all the Immortal Gu I have, it can be considered to be number one in defensive power in all of history. We still have time, you have to keep working hard, I will always be there for you!" Wu Shuai shouted with tears in his eyes.


 This was the natural development of the dream realm, he could not control it.


 But after this conversation, Wu Shuai gained control of the body.


 "Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress? Never heard of it..." Wu Shuai’s eyes shined with bright light, using the conversation earlier, he analyzed and searched for clues.


 He inspected his own immortal aperture.


 There was quite a bit of white litchi immortal essence in his immortal aperture, there were also a large amount of mortal Gu, but no Immortal Gu.


 Like what Zheng Yang had said, he had used all of his Immortal Gu to construct this rank eight Immortal Gu House, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 "Which means to say, my biggest reliance is on this damaged Immortal Gu House?" Wu Shuai had a realization.


 He started to try controlling this Immortal Gu House.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had a complex structure, it used a hundred million Gu worms, among which there were more than twenty Immortal Gu.


 Even Wu Shuai could not tell what the core Immortal Gu were at a glance! These Immortal Gu were cleverly positioned and had a mysterious relationship with each other, the design of the Gu House was as profound as a towering mountain range spreading across the entire countryside for ten thousand li, connecting heaven and earth, the mountain range had overlapping layers of intertwined mineral veins.


 Wu Shuai was like a mortal Gu Master mining the mountain range, he had to excavate it layer by layer to uncover the minerals he wanted and figure out the connection between the ore veins.


 "Just analyzing this Immortal Gu House itself is a huge difficulty! Furthermore, I need to rely on this Immortal Gu House to defend against the red porcelain lightning ball tribulation!"


 Wu Shuai’s heart sank, he knew that this exploration was going to fail.


 As expected, the following developments went as he had predicted.


 Red porcelain lightning balls continued to explode as Wu Shuai tried to use his Immortal Gu House and slowly fix it.


 But it was useless.


 His understanding towards this Immortal Gu House was too low, even if he wanted to fix it, he had no idea where to start.


 Eventually, the red porcelain lightning balls destroyed the Immortal Gu House, Wu Shuai and the female immortal became the sacrifices of the tribulation’s fury.


 After leaving the dream realm, Wu Shuai started to heal himself.


 This time, Fang Yuan’s main body was exploring Dragon Whale Paradise, before leaving, he had made ample preparations and arrangements. Not only did he pass the dream path Gu worms to Wu Shuai, he even gave a large number of guts Gu.


 With guts Gu in his hands, Wu Shuai’s injuries were not a problem.


 This dream realm exploration was different from the Dragon Palace dream realm, Wu Shuai could explore it multiple times until he succeeded.


 Second failure, third failure, fourth, fifth...


 After eight tries, Wu Shuai finally gained a clearer understanding of this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 Even though he could not completely fix this Immortal Gu House, Wu Shuai was already able to repair it sufficiently to negate the red porcelain lightning balls’ damage.


 Black clouds swirled in the sky, the red porcelain lightning balls gradually thinned out until they completely stopped.


 But within the black clouds, a second grand tribulation was starting to brew.


 The female immortal sighed: "Sigh... it was my fault for not listening to you, I went to search for the location where Reckless Savage Demon Venerable died, in the end, I caused this curse to occur and lead to an unceasing wave of calamities and tribulations."


 "This is my just desserts. Zheng Yang, leave, I do not want to implicate you!"


 On the female immortal’s body, the halo had noticeably dimmed. The dark path dao marks were tightly arranged, like pieces of black thread sewing up wounds, covering the female immortal’s skin and face.


 Compared to before, the female immortal’s aura had weakened a lot, and at the same time, it became more peculiar, not only were the light and dark path dao marks intertwined, an adam’s apple was also growing in her throat!


 Wu Shuai had yet to analyze the situation of the female immortal when a drizzle started to occur in the sky.


 Even though it was a small rain, it was bone-chilling, there was a cold feeling that could freeze the soul.


 The heat and smoke caused from the lightning balls earlier vanished entirely without a trace.


 Howl howl howl...


 The ghostly cries became louder and louder, before it resounded throughout the entire area.


 Grey threads fell from the black clouds in the sky, extending towards Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai’s heart sank, he recognized this tribulation: "This is the grand tribulation — Ghost Spirit Ice Silkworm Tribulation! A grand tribulation occurring right after the previous one, it seems this will not end."


 Wu Shuai had to resist these silky threads forcefully.


 The red porcelain lightning balls were powerful and destructive, while these ghost spirit silk threads were soft and troublesome.


 Wu Shuai had no offensive methods, the Immortal Gu House Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress that he was relying on was also unfamiliar to him, he could not find any offensive methods that could be used.


 Thus, Wu Shuai watched as these threads extended towards him and slipped in through the cracks and holes of the Immortal Gu House.


 Wu Shuai tried to defend against them but Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was already completely infiltrated, it broke apart after resisting for some time.


 The silky threads wrapped around the female immortal while also attacking Wu Shuai, turning the two of them into solid cocoons.


 At the next moment, Wu Shuai was chased out of the dream realm.


 This time, he suffered heavy injuries, he saw darkness in front of him, he gulped and felt that his throat was dry, he almost fainted.


 "Failing at the ghost spirit silk thread tribulation stage has caused tens of times the damage as before!" Wu Shuai smiled bitterly, in this situation, he had to recuperate first before trying again.


 This injury would only be mild if it happened on Fang Yuan, it would not be severe, he could definitely explore it again.


 But Wu Shuai was not the same.


 Wu Shuai’s soul foundation was only at thirty million man soul, even though it rose later as he cultivated in Eastern Sea, he could not compare to the main body.


 Wu Shuai was a dragonman who cultivated enslavement path, soul path cultivation was just a supplementary method. The stronger his soul foundation, the more soul path dao marks he would have, and the more it would restrict his enslavement path development.


 But Fang Yuan’s main body was the sovereign immortal body, it had non-conflicting dao marks, so he could cultivate soul path alongside all his other paths.


 After resting sufficiently, he went in again.


 Failing time and again, challenging it continuously even after failure, Wu Shuai was in a difficult position.


 He did not have the time path clone’s deduction abilities, even though he had Dragon Palace, dreamy light smoke was not useful for exploring dream realms.


 The most reliable method, other than unravel dream, was the ability to recover rapidly using guts Gu.


 As he slowly explored it, Wu Shuai finally had some breakthroughs and gains.


 After learning the general information of Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, Wu Shuai gained the three killer moves of this Immortal Gu House.


 The first was called accumulated soil mountain, the second was called peaceful burial, and the third was called heavy soil comeback.


 The one that was an eyeopener to Wu Shuai was the first killer move, accumulated soil mountain.


 This killer move was very special, it did not have offense, movement, healing or other aspects. It was an earth path killer move that had formation path effect, using this killer move, the Gu Immortal could stack earth path Gu worms to allow them to form an Immortal Gu House! This could be done even if the Gu Immortal using the killer move had zero attainment in formation path itself!


 Because of this killer move, there was this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 Gaining this killer move was also the same as gaining the foundation of the Immortal Gu House, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 It was no wonder Wu Shuai could not find any core Immortal Gu, this Immortal Gu House’s core was not an Immortal Gu but the immortal killer move accumulated soil mountain!


 "Thus, I only need to activate this killer move and add earth path Gu worms into this Immortal Gu House to rapidly fix it."


 After understanding this, Wu Shuai started to repair Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress while enduring the onslaught of the ghost spirit silk thread tribulation.


 Boom!


 The moment he repaired it, the female immortal self-detonated, the force of the explosion was greater than the grand tribulation, not only was Wu Shuai killed instantly, the entire Immortal Gu House was torn to shreds.


 "I see, I still have to take care of this female immortal." After understanding this point, Wu Shuai entered the dream realm once again.


 Immortal killer move — Peaceful Burial!


 Using this method, the female immortal was temporarily sealed, her injuries were suppressed, she was receiving treatment from the Immortal Gu House.


 After Wu Shuai fixed this Immortal Gu House completely, the third grand tribulation appeared.


 Purple stars fell from the sky, this was a tribulation that fused poison path and star path — Rotten Poison Purple Star Tribulation.


 Purple stars continued to descend and land on the Immortal Gu House, causing holes to form due to corrosion.


 Wu Shuai did his best to endure it but even as he failed many times, this grand tribulation never stopped.


 "The third grand tribulation seems to be unceasing, this is not normal. Don’t tell me?" After many failures, Wu Shuai had a flash of inspiration.


 He tried to unseal the female immortal, without peaceful burial’s suppression, the female immortal went into a state of nearing death again.


 "Zheng Yang, if a next life exists, I want to meet you again. Goodbye, my love."


 While Wu Shuai defended against the grand tribulation with difficulty, she flew out of the Immortal Gu House through a hole that had formed on top.


 Boom!


 She self-detonated instantly, turning into a lump of pitch-black flames, burning intensely with a terrifying aura.


 Heaven seemed to be enraged, at once, billions of purple stars shot down. The black flame was not large, but was incomparably tough when faced with the attack of the purple stars, although its size was shrinking, the extent of its loss was minuscule.


 Seeing that this grand tribulation was ineffective, the black clouds in the sky transformed again, countless lightning bolts rained down like snakes, the black flame was instantly assaulted by countless bolts.


 The black flame seemed to be nourished from this, it quickly expanded and grew to a mountain-like size.


 The black flame’s appearance had changed already, it became a white-gold colored mist.


 The grand tribulation in the sky continued to transform and attack the white-gold mist, the mist also transformed, turning into wind, ore, flower, grass, bird, or beast at times.


 "What in the world is lurking in this female immortal’s body, so many grand tribulations are unable to do anything to it!" Wu Shuai was internally shook.


 He acutely sensed that this realistic dream realm contained a certain deep secret in history.


 This secret might be the reason behind the deaths of venerables, it involved the most profound secret of heaven and earth.


 The female immortal died, but Wu Shuai’s dream realm continued.


 He had to survive from the aftermath of this terrifying fight, he could only rely on Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 Eventually, after countless rounds of grand tribulations, that mysterious black flame was slowly extinguished bit by bit.


 Even when just a tiny bit was left, the grand tribulation still targeted it and the battle lasted for over an hour.


 "What in the world is this thing?" After the dream realm dissipated, Wu Shuai was still filled with deep shock.


 He had put in so much effort, the rewards were similarly shocking.


 At almost the same time as when the dream realm faded, the eyes of Fang Yuan’s main body, which was in Dragon Whale Paradise, shined.


 "Oh, I advanced to earth path grandmaster."



***
Chapter 1899 Large Sized Missions


***





 



 Sea island, Golden Jade House.


 "What is the purpose of inviting us here, little girl?"


 "Quickly tell us, I’ve got things to do."


 "That’s right, this is the only time each year that the sea market opens. We are wasting our time and money by being delayed here!"


 Many Gu Masters gathered in Golden Jade House, staring at the blue scaled mermaid girl, Xia Lin, and spoke.


 They were already a bit impatient from waiting.


 Xia Lin looked around with a slight smile: "Everyone here is a respectable figure, so I’ll make it short. From now on, this island is my territory and under my control. If you all want to come here and make transactions, I’d welcome you with open arms, but you need to pay taxes, and you can’t stay on the island for a long time."


 "As for the way to stay and live here for a long time? That is to join me and become my subordinate."


 There was a sudden silence in the house.


 Immediately, the Gu Masters went into an uproar. Was this a joke?


 The few rank three Gu Master leaders all looked unhappy.


 "Little girl, you’re too bold."


 "Juniors these days, hehe, they really don’t know what fear is."


 "Do you really think you can act so arrogantly after killing a rank three Gu Master? Don’t forget, you are just a rank two Gu Master."


 Faced with many questions, Xia Lin felt apprehensive, but remembering that this was Master Chu’s order, she could only force a smile as she answered as instructed: "No need to doubt my words, now, you will know what I am relying on."


 "What is it?" Immediately, someone asked.


 Xia Lin was still smiling, because even if she said so, she had no idea what it was.


 But at that moment, the ground began to shake.


 "What’s going on?" Someone screamed as the ground shook more and more.


 "Is it an earthquake?!" The Gu Masters were in a state of shock and panic.


 Fortunately, this Golden Jade House was a Gu House and had some defensive effects.


 But the outside world was already in chaos, with screams and shouts everywhere.


 "No, I need to rush back to guard my shop."


 "I’m leaving too!"


 The Gu Masters tried to run out, but suddenly, a thick yellow light suddenly emerged from the ground.


 The yellow light enveloped the entire island and blocked the entrance of the Gu House.


 No matter what they tried, the Gu Masters could not break through the yellow light and were horrified: "What in the world is going on?"


 "This is no ordinary earthquake."


 "Xia Lin! You must know something!!!"


 Someone saw that Xia Lin was still smiling, he had a flash of inspiration and screamed loudly.


 As a result, all the Gu Masters in the room focused their attention on Xia Lin.


 Xia Lin was also shocked, but at this moment, Fang Yuan’s voice was transmitted, instructing her on how to deal with the situation: "Everyone, there is no need to panic, this change is only beneficial for everyone. I will not say more, just watch it quietly, this change will not last long."


 Xia Lin was keeping this a secret but the Gu Masters did not dare to look down on her.


 This was clearly not a natural disaster but a man-made situation.


 But who could do something of this magnitude?


 Not mortals at least!


 A word suddenly emerged in the minds of all the Gu Masters — Immortal!


 This was indeed a method of an immortal.


 Or more accurately, Fang Yuan was repairing the immortal formation at the bottom of the sea.


 He took out portions of immortal materials from his immortal aperture and put them into the formation, before activating many killer moves to repair it.


 Yellow light surged around the island, spreading around.


 A brand new piece of land around the island condensed and appeared in the yellow light. Those ships that were originally around the edge of the island ran aground. The people on the boats were shouting and screaming, fixed in place by the yellow light, unable to move.


 The yellow light gradually dissipated, the entire island had more than doubled in size.


 At the edge of the new sea island, tides surged up, causing huge waves, countless fish and sea beasts revealed themselves.


 Fang Yuan had started to fix the water path aspect after repairing the earth path side of the formation.


 Finally, when he had completely mended the immortal formation, the huge waves on the surface of the sea gradually calmed down.


 However, Fang Yuan did not stop yet.


 He added a small subsidiary immortal formation on top of the foundation of this great formation.


 After the small formation was built, he waved his hand again and gave the small formation to Xia Lin.


 Thus, a white light descended from the sky and enveloped Xia Lin, before it merged entirely into Xia Lin’s body.


 Xia Lin did not have any attainment in formation path, but this small formation designed by Fang Yuan was very friendly, Xia Lin suddenly felt that she had many new abilities instinctively.


 This instinct was as natural as breathing, or like moving legs and feet, it allowed her to move the island’s land and the surrounding seawater using her thoughts.


 Rumble...


 Amidst muffled sounds, the entirety of Golden Jade House began to expand, growing larger and larger, quickly transforming from a small building to a beautifully ornate palace.


 This was naturally also Fang Yuan’s doing, he had expanded Golden Jade House and created a formation core here, which was secretly connected to the formation deep under the sea.


 This series of astonishing changes made the entire crowd of Gu Masters gawk and stand dumbfounded.


 Xia Lin was showing a smile but she was also immensely shocked internally.


 Fang Yuan’s words rang in her ears once again.


 She read out the script: "Everyone, you witnessed it with your own eyes. I am fortunate to be accepted as a disciple of the great immortal. My immortal master has just laid out the immortal formation and ordered me to guard this place, I will be in charge of mortal affairs."


 Saying so, Xia Lin willed as yellow light surged up, enveloping all of the Gu Masters present.


 Xia Lin willed again as these Gu Masters gasped in shock, they were suppressed by this yellow light and could not move, they were all raised into the air, unable to retaliate.


 Xia Lin smiled, the yellow light dissipated and these Gu Masters were released.


 "This, this, this..."


 "Immortal miracle, this is an immortal miracle. So there really are immortals in the world!"


 "I reverently ask Lady Xia Lin, why did your immortal master set up an immortal formation here, I wonder what lord immortal has planned?"


 Xia Lin just smiled, she had also just learned that Master Chu was actually an immortal! Her shock was no less than the others.


 "Now, does everyone have anything you wish to say about my previous proposal?" Xia Lin looked around and asked in a warm voice once again.


 The Gu Masters did not dare to question her again, they bowed their heads together, some even fell to their knees on the spot, saying that they wanted to follow Xia Lin, while some wanted to go under Fang Yuan as his disciple.


 Xia Lin could only appease them one by one.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense went around Xia Lin, in the end, he only said a few words of advice to her before he left her to her own devices.


 Although there were signs of immortals in Dragon Whale Paradise, be it his previous life or present life, Fang Yuan had never seen any native immortals.


 Legends about immortals had been circulating within the mortal world, but they were only rumors.


 This time, Fang Yuan displayed an immortal miracle and set up the immortal formation, leaving many things within the formation to Xia Lin. Soon, countless people arrived after hearing the news, some of them wanted to see the miracle, while others simply wanted to join Xia Lin as a subordinate.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan helped Xia Lin become the mermaid saintess. In this life, he had simply made an early move to support the growth of Xia Lin’s forces first.


 In the following period of time, Xia Lin would maneuver between various forces and Gu Master experts, she would follow Fang Yuan’s instructions to establish her own force.


 Even if there were things she could not do right, there was still a will left behind by Fang Yuan within the formation to tutor her and help her to make up for any flaws.


 His investment in Xia Lin was actually not even a drop in a bucket.


 Repairing the underwater formation was the most costly thing that Fang Yuan did.


 Fang Yuan’s earth path attainment level rose, his weakness was eliminated as he rapidly found a useful method to fix this formation.


 He had grandmaster formation path attainment level, he could not use natural dao marks, he had to use immortal materials. The immortal materials that he expended here were his greatest spending.


 Not only was the difficulty of a mid-sized mission higher, the Gu Immortal also had to make investments sometimes.


 Merit points were not so easy to earn.


 Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk.


 This mission gave him a hundred merit points, this was the limit of a mid-sized mission, his action of repairing the formation was perfect.


 Thus, he became the undeniable number one person on the merit board, the gain of a hundred points made everyone else feel a strong sense of dejection.


 This time, Fang Yuan did not leave in a hurry.


 He started to research on the merit board.


 His earth path attainment rose to grandmaster level, could he comprehend this Immortal Gu House?


 If he could comprehend it and use some methods, would he be able to make loopholes in the Merit Obelisk and refine this entire Immortal Gu House?


 Earlier, Fang Yuan could not do it and had to follow the rules.


 But all along, he had not given up on the idea of getting this Merit Obelisk.


 After looking at it for some time, deep disappointment flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 The Merit Obelisk contained the profundity of earth path, but also sound path, human path, and heaven path.


 And looking at the foundation, earth path and sound path were just supplementary, the true cores were human path and heaven path.


 "To have hopes of comprehending this completely, I will need to be a great grandmaster in all four paths." Fang Yuan realized this and smiled bitterly to himself.


 It was unrealistic to try to refine this Merit Obelisk now.


 That was only natural.


 Before Fang Yuan, who knows how many Gu Immortals had come here. Among these predecessors, there were definitely outstanding people, but they were unable to do anything to this rank eight Immortal Gu House.


 Fang Yuan’s foundation in this aspect was not deep, how could he possibly refine this rank eight Immortal Gu House easily?


 There was no breakthrough in this area, so Fang Yuan had no choice but to continue to follow the rules, he continued to receive and complete missions.


 When he reached nine hundred merit points, Shen Xiao finally screamed at the Merit Obelisk: "I finally found it, this is the one, this good person title!"


 At this moment, Shen Xiao almost wanted to tear up from joy.


 He quickly told Shen Cong Sheng about this discovery.


 Soon, Shen clan’s Gu Immortals started to show signs of rising merit points.


 Followed by Ren Xiu Ping, Tong Hua and the rest.


 There were four groups on the merit board now.


 The first group was a single person, Fang Yuan, he was way ahead.


 The second group was the Shen clan Gu Immortals led by Sheng Cong Sheng, they were trying to catch up.


 The third group was Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, as they were attached to Shen clan, they had been informed of this secret after some time.


 And the last group was Miao Ming Shen and the others, they had not learned about this.


 After completing another mission, Fang Yuan’s merit points rose to over a thousand.


 He looked at the merit board, laughing in his mind: "They finally found the good person title? These people are truly unlucky, maybe this is the result of my luck suppressing them."


 He came to the board and started exchanging for a reward.


 He spent a thousand merit points in exchange for the ’really good person’ title.


 With this title, he could finally accept large sized missions.



***
Chapter 1900 Super Good Person


***





 



 Beehive island was a sea island that had a peculiar shape.


 The entire island resembled a voluminous dark yellow beehive, with countless pits and holes on the surface of the hive, and a precise structure and countless tunnels inside.


 A rank six Gu Immortal with broad shoulders and a thin waist, wearing jade green battle armor, was inside the beehive.


 This man was one of the followers of Miao Ming Shen — Feng Jiang.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 The densely grouped red thread earthworms were shooting violently at Feng Jiang from all directions.


 The red thread earthworms could shoot themselves out like the flicking of a zither, so fast that Feng Jiang could only see a red light.


 The attack of the red thread earthworms was very sharp, and the swarms of red thread earthworms were able to make desolate beasts back away from them.


 Feng Jiang fought as he retreated.


 He was facing immense pressure, after a while, he was already covered in sweat.


 Even though his battle strength surpassed desolate beasts and he had many killer moves, he received this mission to quell the red thread earthworm calamity near the beehive island, to allow its ecology to return to normal.


 If Feng Jiang used his methods without holding back and unleashed his attacks, he could easily kill all of these red thread earthworms.


 But in that case, beehive island would be heavily damaged, Feng Jiang would receive few merit points.


 "Damn it." Feng Jiang had no choice but to retreat and fly out of the hive, floating in the sky.


 The red thread earthworms were still in hot pursuit, shooting themselves into the sky and pursuing Feng Jiang.


 From countless holes, large amounts of red threads were shot out, Feng Jiang sighed and pulled away from the hive, these red thread earthworms could not hit their target.


 The red thread earthworms did not die from a fall of this height, their bodies were soft but tough, after they loitered around for some time, they went back into the hive again.


 They did not follow the existing holes within the hive, but dug their own way through the hive’s walls.


 This was very damaging to beehive island.


 "There are too many red thread earthworms, and I’m afraid there are still desolate beasts inside. After all, I’m taking on a mid-sized mission."


 "There is one more difficulty, the more the passage inside this hive extends inside, the narrower it becomes, it is very disadvantageous to me."


 Beehive island was already covered in holes due to the red thread earthworms, if Feng Jiang fought inside, he might cause the destruction of the entire island.


 Feng Jiang was silent for a moment before making up his mind.


 He opened his immortal aperture’s entrance as he summoned a large group of wild bees. These bees were all elites that had rank five battle strength, their leader was even more powerful, it was a desolate beast bee.


 The abdomen of this wild bee was of peculiar form, being gyroscopic instead of ellipsoidal, it was most broad at the waist, extending out to the tail while becoming increasingly thinner.


 The surface of the gyroscopic belly had a black spiral pattern that was quite striking.


 All the wild bees were covered with dense fluffy hair and had large, broad wings.


 This was the yellow gyro bee.


 Feng Jiang’s immortal aperture raised a large number of bees, yellow gyro bee was one of them with a unique status.


 Even though ordinary bees formed into groups, they consisted of members from the same species. Different ones could not live together.


 But not only could yellow gyro bees live with other wild bees, they could reproduce and even help to increase the numbers of the other species of bees.


 The yellow gyro bees were the core bee group of Feng Jiang’s immortal aperture.


 Feng Jiang was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he was rich in cultivation resources, keeping a variety of bees in his immortal aperture and having more than ten desolate beast wild bees. The yellow gyro bees had always been his main focus, but there were only three of them that were desolate beast level.


 This time, Feng Jiang mobilized a large group of yellow gyro bees, he was taking a huge risk in this situation.


 Under the command of Feng Jiang, the yellow gyro bees buzzed as if they were a yellow cloud that quickly burrowed into the hive.


 There were still swarms of bees in beehive island, but they were completely at a disadvantage compared to the red thread earthworms in terms of size.


 With the help of the yellow gyro bees, the bee group was confused for a moment before retaliating against the red thread earthworms entrenched in the lower part of the beehive island with a fierce attack.


 This was a fight for survival between their respective groups, it was a tragic battle.


 Beehive island continued to shake as cracks appeared on its surface, rapidly expanding in size.


 Feng Jiang was prepared to take action, he immediately used methods to repair the island.


 He let his bee group fight while he took on a support role.


 He was quite lucky, when the red thread earthworms lost enough numbers, the sole desolate beast red thread earthworm retreated instead of fighting, leading its members away from the beehive.


 Feng Jiang looked as millions of red thread earthworms gathered in the sea like a huge red current, swimming away. He sighed as the weight in his heart was lifted.


 He hesitated for a moment, should he chase after the red thread earthworms or ignore them now?


 While he hesitated, the red thread earthworms swam into the sea.


 Feng Jiang gave up the thought of chasing them.


 If he fought in the sea, he would have to give it his all, but there were many different sea beasts hidden within this sea area.


 "I should not cause more uncertainty, let’s repair this beehive island first."


 He spent a day and night repairing it.


 Not only did he repair beehive island completely, he even reinforced many of its weaknesses. At the same time, he let out many bees in his immortal aperture and planted many special flowers to complete the ecology of this place.


 After all this, beehive island became completely revitalized. Not only did it regain balance, it even had more potential for future development.


 "This is a mid-sized resource point now." Feng Jiang sighed.


 If possible, he wanted to take this beehive island for himself. But this was a merit mission, he was restricted by Paradise Earth, Feng Jiang had to give up on that idea.


 After returning to the Merit Obelisk, Feng Jiang looked at his merit points and found that he gained over eighty points from this mission.


 Feng Jiang stared blankly before regretting it: "I did not get a hundred points, it seems that my actions were not perfect. Back then, I should have eliminated the red thread earthworms, letting them leave means that they are likely to attack beehive island again."


 "That might not be it. The mission wanted me to balance the ecology of beehive island, did I achieve that? I did not."


 "This so-called ecology’s core was beehive island but the surrounding sea areas are also a part of it. I only modified beehive island but did not target the surrounding sea areas, that was my mistake."


 Thinking so, Feng Jiang sighed.


 A few days ago, after Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk, he saw the board and understood the situation, he explained the secret of the ’good person’ title to Miao Ming Shen and his allies.


 Thus, Feng Jiang exchanged for the ’good person’ title and could receive mid-sized missions.


 Now, he completed his first mid-sized mission but he was not happy at all.


 Not only was it because he did not understand the mission’s requirements fully, he had also spent a lot for this mission.


 In order to get the merit points, his yellow gyro bees could not be retrieved.


 Of course, this exchange was not unfavorable.


 Merit points were related to Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, Feng Jiang gave up his bee group but gained points that could be exchanged for Immortal Gu if he had ten thousand or more!


 This trade was definitely worth it.


 Because in the outside world, Feng Jiang did not have any way to get these Immortal Gu. No matter how many desolate beast bees he had, he could not exchange for an Immortal Gu using them.


 "But mid-sized missions are quite tough, I am specialized in raising bees, this mission suited me well but I only got around eighty merit points."


 "What about other missions?"


 Feng Jiang looked at the board.


 Many missions were listed but he could not take them.


 For example, the mission to repair an immortal formation, Feng Jiang did not have any methods to repair immortal formations.


 Or the one that required the healing of an ancient desolate beast’s injuries, Feng Jiang’s healing methods were not good enough.


 Feng Jiang suddenly understood why Fang Yuan kept this ’good person’ title as a secret.


 As long as he had a head start, Fang Yuan could choose missions that suited him, he could accumulate merit points rapidly.


 But Feng Jiang thought about it and felt something strange: "No, even so, Chu Ying’s merit points are rising too quickly. He is almost perfectly completing every mission. Is transformation path really this useful?"


 At this moment, Feng Jiang was stunned.


 Because white light flashed as Fang Yuan appeared beside him.


 "Lord Chu Ying." Feng Jiang greeted.


 Fang Yuan nodded at him, his gaze was directed at the obelisk.


 His merit points went from the bottom position and surpassed everyone to reach the top three again.


 "He gained five hundred merit points at once?!" Feng Jiang saw this as his heart shook.


 "I spent a thousand merit points to get the ’really good person’ title, it allowed me to receive even better missions." Fang Yuan smiled and explained.


 Feng Jiang was stunned before bowing deeply: "Lord, thank you for the guidance!"


 Fang Yuan nodded as he went to the other side of the obelisk, exchanging for his third title ’super good person’. His merit points instantly fell by five hundred, becoming the last position again.


 Feng Jiang opened his mouth, he was curious about Fang Yuan’s action but he was astute, he did not ask when he saw that Fang Yuan was not going to talk about it.


 Feng Jiang was certain that Fang Yuan had exchanged for something extremely useful.


 "Looking at the time, they should be back already." Fang Yuan walked towards Feng Jiang, he did not receive a mission immediately.


 Feng Jiang nodded, he knew that Fang Yuan was referring to Miao Ming Shen and others, he replied: "They should be here soon."


 Feng Jiang did not have outstanding strength among Miao Ming Shen’s allies, yet he had already returned, the others were soon to arrive as well.


 Fang Yuan did not mind the wait.


 As expected, Miao Ming Shen and the rest returned quickly, they met with Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jiang quickly told the secret of the ’really good person’ title to Miao Ming Shen and others.


 Miao Ming Shen had a thought: "This title of ’good person’ can exchange for mid-sized missions, while ’really good person’ can exchange for large sized missions. This is a series of titles, if one can find out about the ’good person’ title, the ’really good person’ title is no secret as well, they can easily connect the dots."


 But even so, Miao Ming Shen felt very grateful to Fang Yuan.


 Because Fang Yuan had told them about the ’good person’ title. Meanwhile, Shen clan and Ren Xiu Ping kept it from them.


 The ranking on the merit board was very important, many rewards could only be exchanged once, the first person to get them would be the sole beneficiary.


 "Brother Miao, you do not need to fear Shen Cong Sheng. I have a way to get far away from Shen Cong Sheng when we teleport outside, the distance is enough for us to stay safe." Fang Yuan lied but Miao Ming Shen and the rest felt deeply shocked.


 Gui Qi Ye’s brows rose: "It is a reward on the Merit Obelisk?"


 "Indeed." Fang Yuan nodded, but he had no idea if that existed.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest could not help but believe him.


 Why?


 Because Chu Ying’s attitude towards Shen Cong Sheng was simply courting death! The fact that he remained so fearless meant that he had some sort of assurance.


 Fang Yuan continued: "I can receive large sized missions but I cannot complete them alone. I need all of your help."


 Saying so, he received the large sized mission on the obelisk and shared the details with Miao Ming Shen and others.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest felt shocked, after receiving information of the mission, their expressions changed.


 He could actually do that?!


 The truth was, Miao Ming Shen had discovered this secret personally in the previous life.


 The ’super good person’ title allowed one to share missions.


 For Gu Immortals, mid-sized missions were difficult to do alone, having other people’s help made it easier. Even though they would share the merit points, if their efficiency at solving missions increased, the benefits far outweighed the costs.


 Miao Ming Shen could choose to accept it or not. Fang Yuan could share missions but he could not force them to take it.


 Miao Ming Shen only thought about it for a while before accepting the mission.


 He had just completed a mid-sized mission, he had the same feelings as Feng Jiang.


 Fang Yuan had an easy time because he cultivated every path, Miao Ming Shen and the rest were ordinary Gu Immortals, they cultivated one path and most of the time, only certain missions suited them.


 Since completing mid-sized missions was not easy, and they had to put in a lot of investment, Miao Ming Shen was more willing to work with Fang Yuan and attempt something new.



***
Chapter 1901 Formation Calms Sea Area


***





 



 Five lumps of white light, flashing abruptly in the sky, brought Fang Yuan, Miao Ming Shen and the others from the Merit Obelisk to here.


 All five of them were familiar with the mission and headed down to get a bird’s-eye view, each of them activating their investigative killer moves.


 Fang Yuan was the first to observe the area and take a closer look.


 His investigative methods had always been his shortcoming, but that was only relative to his enemies. When compared to Miao Ming Shen and the others, even his weaker aspects were still far superior to them.


 This was a vast sea area.


 The sea was raging, creating thousands of fierce waves, they were so powerful that countless sea beasts could be seen within the reflections of these ripples.


 In this sea, there were five small islands.


 First was jade shaking island with countless jade pillars, chiming and tinkling due to powerful winds.


 Second was white bone island, it was pale white and had the corpses of beasts scattered around.


 Third was hidden space island, it seemed illusory as if it did not exist.


 Fourth was sword wind island, there were three tornadoes on the island that would never stop moving.


 And fifth was treasure moon island, it was crescent shaped and was shrouded by the night sky at all times, every inch of sand on this island shined with faint moonlight.


 Three of these five islands had begun to drift slowly with the current. Among them, sword wind island had the fastest flow and confusing direction of movement.


 For the remaining two islands, jade shaking island was in danger, the pillars underneath the island were broken, and in a little while, just like the three islands, it would start to drift away on the sea surface.


 As for hidden space island, however, it was very stable and remained firmly entrenched in the distance. This was because this island was filled with phantom path dao marks.


 The main cause of the islands’ drifting was the impact currents that ran deep under the sea.


 These currents had become so large that they endangered the sea itself. Suppressing the currents, restructuring the ecology of the sea, and restoring the former five-islands chain were the contents of this large-sized mission.


 Fang Yuan started to make calculations and deductions in his mind.


 There were indications that this sea area had originally formed an intrinsic ecology with the five-islands chain as its core. Impact currents did not exist before, but now they were like a shark in a calm pond, causing severe destruction to the habitat and ecology of this sea area.


 While Fang Yuan made his deductions, Miao Ming Shen and the rest also explored this entire sea area with their investigative methods.


 They frowned and had serious expressions.


 "This is a large sized mission? The difficulty is several times higher than a mid-sized mission!" Hua Die’s heart sank steeply.


 Feng Jiang had an ugly expression as he thought: "I tried my best earlier to improve the ecology of beehive island but it was still imperfect. This large sized mission is not about balancing the ecology, but restructuring it. Each island is in greater danger than beehive island itself. And the five islands are only part of the mission, there’s still a large sea area and the underwater impact currents to resolve."


 "This is very complex, to restructure the habitat of the sea area, we would need to change everything and meticulously alter the details. Without a wisdom path Gu Immortal, we will need to make many experiments and attempt the restructuring step by step. During this process, we would make many mistakes." Gui Qi Ye sighed in his heart.


 Miao Ming Shen was calculating the gains and losses: "The mid-sized mission I just completed expended a large amount of my rank seven immortal materials. To restructure the ecology of this place, the resources invested, the immortal essence consumed and the energy spent will be an extremely large sum!"


 The more Miao Ming Shen and the rest observed, the faster their morale slipped away.


 The difficulty of the large sized mission made them feel like giving up.


 The truth was, they started to regret it, following Fang Yuan blindly to accept this mission was not a wise decision.


 "Brother Chu, let’s plan together." At this point, Miao Ming Shen could only smile bitterly and find Fang Yuan to discuss their actions.


 He was not going to give up on it, just because they took the mission did not mean they could abandon it. In fact, in order to give up the mission, they needed to exchange for another title.


 Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, with both time path clone and Fang Yuan making deductions at the same time, he had already arrived at a perfect plan.


 He cupped his fists at Miao Ming Shen: "Brother Miao, I have already planned something, follow my instructions and we will definitely complete the mission."


 Miao Ming Shen was stunned, although he did not believe it in his heart, he nodded without rebuking: "Please give the instructions Brother Chu, we will do our best!"


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Brother Miao is too polite, it will be good for both of us if we work together to complete this mission. The better we complete a large sized mission, the greater the returns compared to a mid-sized mission!"


 "I’m only afraid we can’t complete it well." Miao Ming Shen sighed internally but did not say anything, he had already lost confidence in himself, he could only place his hopes on Fang Yuan now.


 But Fang Yuan’s words were comfortable for him to hear.


 Fang Yuan was not high and mighty, but rather he had an attitude of equal cooperation. This was different from Shen Cong Sheng.


 "Brother Miao, I want you to occupy jade shaking island to guard against the impact currents. Please ask Gui Qi Ye to station at sword wind island and make sure that it doesn’t wander off. Ask Feng Jiang and Fairy Hua Die to guard treasure moon island island and white bone island respectively. I’m going to deal with hidden space island first."


 Fang Yuan made the arrangements, Miao Ming Shen’s group was clueless to begin with, they followed Fang Yuan’s instructions.


 With the four immortals in action, the islands were quickly suppressed, no longer drifting with the current, their speed of movement fell to a level that could be controlled.


 Watching Fang Yuan descend on hidden space island, the four immortals had doubts in their hearts.


 "Hidden space island is a phantom path island, it is the most stable place in the entire sea area, it is also the easiest part of the mission."


 "Why is Chu Ying trying to deal with this island first? He should fix the other islands before trying to fix this hidden space island. After all, this island is almost non-existent, by dealing with it first, he will cause some obstruction when handling the other islands later."


 "In my opinion, he should deal with the impact currents first. It is the cause behind the collapse of the five-islands chain. To restructure the ecology here, one has to deal with the root cause at the start."


 Fang Yuan landed on hidden space island, quickly flying out afterwards, his speed was shocking to Miao Ming Shen and the rest.


 Fang Yuan went to white bone island.


 Under Hua Die’s observation, Fang Yuan took out immortal materials from his immortal aperture and threw them around at will.


 "He is setting up a formation!" Hua Die was seeing Fang Yuan create a formation for the first time.


 Fang Yuan was skillful and experienced, the process was very fluid, Hua Die watched with a sense of appreciation and amazement.


 Soon, Fang Yuan finished setting up the formation.


 Hua Die’s mouth opened with deep shock, she could not close it.


 "Chu Ying actually used immortal materials to set up a formation! Doesn’t this mean he has grandmaster attainment in formation path?"


 "So he is not a transformation path Gu Immortal but a formation path Gu Immortal."


 "No, not true, when he defeated Ge Wen and saved us, he clearly used transformation path methods."


 "Don’t tell me, he cultivates two paths?"


 It was not that rare for Gu Immortals to cultivate two paths. But for Fang Yuan to be so proficient in both paths, with such high attainment, it was very rare.


 White bone island’s arrangements were done, Fang Yuan activated this sub-formation and connected it to the main formation on hidden space island.


 Due to the effect of the immortal formation, white bone island shook intensely, it anchored itself to the sea and showed no signs of movement anymore.


 Hua Die finally understood Fang Yuan’s intentions: "So he was using hidden space island as the base to stabilize the other islands around it."


 "Amazing, hidden space island is the best foundation for this chain, because the impact currents are useless against it. But..."


 Hua Die soon realized a flaw: "But the other islands are using hidden space island as the anchor, this is the power of a formation, these impact currents will still hit these islands over time, as the formation continues to get damaged, it would break eventually, these islands will still float away in the end."


 Fang Yuan did not show any inclination to dispel her doubts, soon after, he landed on the three remaining islands and set up his formation, stabilizing them all.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest looked at Fang Yuan with complex gazes.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment was too shocking to them.


 Formation path grandmasters were very rare!


 And earlier, Fang Yuan’s transformation path attainment was also exemplary.


 With such strength, the mysteriousness of Fang Yuan intensified in the immortals’ hearts.


 "However, stabilizing the five sea islands is just a good start."


 "The real problem are the impact currents around the sea islands."


 "Without water path methods, how can we deal with the sea currents?"


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest talked among themselves. They could not transmit their voices in Dragon Whale Paradise, but they could still use information path mortal Gu like letter pigeon Gu.


 The impact currents that rampaged in this sea area were too huge, Miao Ming Shen and the rest could only think of using immortal methods to attack the impact currents and destroy them bit by bit.


 This method was crude and wasted a lot of time and immortal essence, the biggest flaw was that attacking these currents would cause tremendous damage to the surrounding sea area.


 But other than that, Miao Ming Shen and the rest did not have any good ideas.


 Boom!


 Right at this time, Fang Yuan rose to the sky and activated the entire Gu formation.


 Each of the five islands blossomed with rushing pillars of light of various colors, the power of the Gu formation soared upwards, breaking through its original limit.


 "So this is the true power of the formation!" Miao Ming Shen and the rest had changes of expressions, they were dumbfounded.


 These five islands’ dao marks were so dense that they could also be seen as a single gigantic immortal material. The immortal formation that Fang Yuan had set up naturally included them within the range that could be utilized.


 "I am going to draw in the impact currents now. Everyone, continue to defend your islands, if any beasts attack or if any waves approach that would endanger the islands, I need you to stop them." Fang Yuan called out as his voice resounded in the sea area.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest quickly responded, saying they would do their best.


 The formation buzzed and the five pillars of light gradually dissipated, turning into white light that scattered in the sky.


 The light went into the seawater, staining the water around the island with a beautiful illusion of white light.


 In this illusory white light, the impact currents were like a blue whale that had been stirred up by fish and shrimps, slowly moving its body, then swimming faster and faster and crashing towards jade shaking island, which was the closest.


 Miao Ming Shen, who was on jade shaking island, gritted his teeth, he felt tremendous pressure, tensing up and going on full alert.


 If the immortal formation’s defense was not enough, such a sea current could completely crush jade shaking island if it hit directly!


 Boom!


 The impact currents touched the formation and created a startling explosion.


 A huge wave, up to ten feet high, pounded at jade shaking island.


 Miao Ming Shen immediately flew up with a cry, using his killer move to resist it.


 The impact currents were slowly turned around by this and moved to the left of jade shaking island. But before they could move away, they were drawn back by white bone island’s immortal formation.


 The one guarding white bone island was Hua Die, and she almost groaned when she saw the sea current coming towards her.


 In the discussions of Miao Ming Shen’s group, the impact current was to be repelled and slowly weakened, the best outcome was to break it up and scatter it completely.


 But Fang Yuan was actually attracting the impact currents actively to hit the sea islands.


 This was something that Miao Ming Shen and the rest wanted to avoid at all costs.


 "Chu Ying is too crazy!" Hua Die soon had no time to think as the impact currents crashed into white bone island, the entire formation resounded with a scary creaking sound, before a huge wave was created.


 There were also many sea beasts caught in the waves, Hua Die put up her best effort to resist them.


 Like this, the impact currents, under the constant manipulation of Fang Yuan, hit the five islands one after another.


 With each impact, the power of the currents was reduced by one level, they then circled around the island and became drawn to the next point.


 After the impact currents crashed into the last island, they had less than half the power and momentum as before.


 At this time, Fang Yuan activated the immortal formation once again, actually making the impact currents turn around and crash into the second last island.


 Thus, the Gu Immortals defending the sea islands felt great fear again.


 After the impact currents struck five times and returned to jade shaking island, the power of the currents hitting the island was almost nonexistent, they had almost turned to being ordinary currents.


 The five islands shook lightly as the immortal formation stabilized completely. The impact currents quickly calmed down and began to flow at an even rate consistently.


 In contrast, the hearts of the four Gu Immortals stirred with huge waves of disbelief and shock!


 They did not expect that Fang Yuan would resolve the impact currents using such a method.


 The impact currents, while still present, had become a protective layer that surrounded the island. Around the five islands, the impact currents flowed rapidly, faster than ordinary seawater, protecting the five islands while at the same time, helping the immortal formation to stabilize the five islands’ location.


 If they had followed the plan of Miao Ming Shen and the others to destroy the impact currents, this sea area would surely be destroyed beyond recognition.


 Fang Yuan’s move, however, cleverly avoided this drawback and instead made full use of the impact currents, turning the original calamity into a blessing and greatly enhancing the natural foundation of this sea area.


 This was truly an incredible achievement!


 Miao Ming Shen and the others were all impressed.


 It was really difficult to do this.


 Not to mention the arrangement of the immortal formation, just the matter of manipulating impact currents alone, even water path Gu Immortals were not even capable of doing that. To perfectly weaken the impact currents to a certain level, one needed to make precise calculations and deductions. When the impact currents return to jade shaking island, their power must be reduced to almost nothing. A bit more or a bit less would have greatly affected the overall situation and would not have gotten the incredible near-perfect balance it had now.


 "The biggest problem has been resolved, the next step will be for you to repair the immortal formation, as well as restructuring the ecology of the island, as for the things beyond the impact currents, you can ignore them." Fang Yuan smiled.


 He was quite satisfied with this result.


 If new impact currents formed, these existing currents would engulf them and protect the islands under the effect of the immortal formation.


 Fang Yuan would leave his will and a large amount of immortal essence here, as long as they remained, the five-islands chain would be very safe.



***
Chapter 1902 Bullying Rank Eigh


***





 



 The impact currents were like hungry tigers at first, but after Fang Yuan’s arrangements, they became the pet cats that defended the five-islands chain.


 After Fang Yuan completed this set up, the situation was already resolved.


 What followed were some finishing touches.


 These were not hard to do, but they were quite strenuous and required time and effort.


 Fang Yuan was not going to bother himself with them.


 Thus, Fang Yuan discussed with Miao Ming Shen, they left Feng Jiang and Fairy Hua Die here while the rest returned with him.


 White light shined, Fang Yuan, Miao Ming Shen, and Gui Qi Ye returned to the starting island.


 Ren Xiu Ping was currently looking at the missions on this merit point.


 He was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he had many desolate beasts and a few ancient desolate beasts in his hands. These beasts all had various abilities, his methods were quite wide-ranging.


 However, even Ren Xiu Ping still felt the difficulty of mid-sized missions.


 Fang Yuan and the others appeared beside him, causing his heart to jump as he secretly thought: "How could these three suddenly appear at the same time? Is it a coincidence?"


 Fang Yuan nodded at Ren Xiu Ping and smiled slightly.


 Ren Xiu Ping was stunned, this unexpected attitude of Fang Yuan made him not know how to respond for a moment.


 Fang Yuan walked towards him as the obelisk’s words transformed, showing all of its large sized missions.


 Fang Yuan swept his gaze around it and quickly received one of the missions.


 Next, he shared this with Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye.


 With another flash of light, the three of them vanished on the spot.


 Ren Xiu Ping watched the entire process, his expression turned grim: "Chu Ying received a different level of mission from me, it is one tier higher. It seems that his merit points fell earlier because he was exchanging for another title to receive higher tier missions. This is very likely to be the title — really good person!"


 The title of ’good person’ could exchange for mid-sized missions, while ’really good person’ could exchange for large sized missions.


 This was a simple relationship, the Gu Immortals could easily guess it just by seeing the names.


 But the problem was, so what if they realized it?


 "Mid-sized missions are already so hard, large sized missions must be even harder!" Ren Xiu Ping felt gloomy internally: "And why were Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye able to move together with Chu Ying? Did they receive the same mission?"


 This discovery was quite alluring to Ren Xiu Ping.


 Mid-sized missions were difficult but if they had help, the difficulty would be shifted.


 "Even though the merit points would be divided if many people receive the same missions, as long as we control it well, our efficiency at completing missions will increase, our overall gains will increase instead. Isn’t Chu Ying doing the exact same thing now?"


 Ren Xiu Ping was a savvy person, after thinking about it, he understood Fang Yuan’s intentions.


 Fang Yuan did not plan to hide it, in fact, he had purposely released the information.


 Miao Ming Shen’s group could be roped in as allies, why couldn’t Ren Xiu Ping?


 Their hatred earlier?


 Hehe.


 How could hatred compare to the benefits in front of them?


 Ren Xiu Ping was not crazy, he was astute, thus, there was a chance of cooperation.


 Ren Xiu Ping definitely had an alliance agreement with Shen clan.


 But it did not matter.


 The Merit Obelisk had such rewards that could eliminate the agreement restraints on a Gu Immortal.


 Even without Fang Yuan’s reminder, Ren Xiu Ping must have seen that himself already.


 The second large sized mission was naturally harder than mid-sized missions, but it was no problem for Fang Yuan.


 After spending some effort, Fang Yuan resolved the big issues and left Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye to settle the minor problems.


 When he returned to the Merit Obelisk again, he waited a little while before Hua Die and Feng Jiang returned.


 Their return meant that the first large sized mission was completed.


 Fang Yuan gained five hundred merit points, while Miao Ming Shen and the rest each gained around eighty points.


 Fang Yuan looked at the numbers on the merit board as he calculated, this large sized mission gave a total of nine hundred and seventy-three points.


 Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen’s group split up these points, Fang Yuan gained the bulk of them, getting five hundred points was about the same as completing a large sized mission alone.


 Except that he spent way less time and effort on it.


 Hua Die and Feng Jiang looked at each other, seeing the joy in each other’s eyes.


 In this mission, they helped Fang Yuan resist the waves and settle the minor problems at the end. They only spent some immortal essence, time, and effort, but they gained more than eighty merit points from it.


 Feng Jiang thought about the beehive island mission he completed alone, he spent a group of bees, including his desolate beast yellow gyro bee, but only got eighty points in the end.


 Comparing the two, helping Fang Yuan complete a large sized mission was much easier and reaped greater rewards.


 "Go and join with Miao Ming Shen to complete the second mission. I’d advise that we should all exchange for a group title. With a group title, we will be able to communicate with each other." Fang Yuan suggested.


 A group title was not cheap, it required a hundred merit points.


 But Feng Jiang and Hua Die did not hesitate, they listened to Fang Yuan and exchanged for this title.


 Fang Yuan shared the second mission with them as Feng Jiang and Hua Die teleported to where Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye were.


 Fang Yuan received the third large sized mission and went ahead to deal with it.


 After Miao Ming Shen and the rest completed the second mission and returned to the starting island, the four immortals gained a sum of merit points listed on the merit board.


 Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye also spent merit points to exchange for a group title, it allowed the four immortals to communicate with Fang Yuan constantly.


 At this point, Fang Yuan already completed his arrangements in the new mission, he shared it with Miao Ming Shen and group.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest touched the obelisk and accepted the mission Fang Yuan shared with them.


 They were transported to Fang Yuan, he gave them some instructions before returning to look at the next mission on the Merit Obelisk.


 Fang Yuan had an advantage in cultivating every path, his value was fully displayed here.


 Even for Shen Cong Sheng, many of the missions here were impossible to complete, but Fang Yuan, from his perspective, had methods to solve most missions. What he had to do was to choose those that would give him the most benefits and complete them first.


 With the help of Miao Ming Shen and the others, Fang Yuan saved a lot of time and effort, while they were also gaining much more merit points now due to the help of Fang Yuan.


 The cooperation between them was of mutual benefit, but it was a problem for Ren Xiu Ping and Shen Cong Sheng.


 These people watched as Miao Ming Shen’s group rose in position on the merit board, surpassing them and becoming part of the top rankers, it was truly infuriating but there was nothing they could do.


 Looking at Fang Yuan’s merit points, he had reached several thousand! He was truly ahead, far surpassing any other immortal.


 Because of their huge difference, the immortals lost all desire to catch up to him.


 "Immortal Gu need at least ten thousand merit points to exchange, Chu Ying is not far away already." Many people saw this and felt complex emotions, they were in admiration but also felt dejection.


 "This is so strange, how can Chu Ying successfully complete so many different types of missions?"


 "He must know many secrets about this place, it is a pity that we cannot fight inside here!"


 "Miao Ming Shen and his group have truly dog shit luck, how could they gain the help of Chu Ying like this?"


 The immortals were extremely jealous.


 Shen Cong Sheng sighed, the number of times he had sighed in the last ten days was more than the sum of the previous few years.


 The ranking on the merit board was very glaring, Shen Cong Sheng’s position was even lower than Hua Die and Feng Jiang.


 He was a great rank eight Gu Immortal, he actually was losing to two rank six Gu Immortals, how could he allow this? It was too embarrassing.


 "If I can receive a large sized mission, my rank eight strength will be fully utilized, I will definitely gain a lot of merit points. But how can I let others receive the same mission as me?


 The ’really good person’ title was obvious, but what was the title to share missions?


 They needed to test this.


 And these experiments would test Shen Cong Sheng’s luck, their merit points would also be wasted.


 This would aggravate their situation from the already terrible situation now.


 "I can make my Shen clan Gu Immortals use their merit points, but what about Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua? If I do that, will I just push them towards Chu Ying’s side?"


 Shen Cong Sheng had some reservations.


 He knew that his influence was continuously falling now.


 After learning that Gu Immortal agreements could be removed using the rewards on the Merit Obelisk, Shen Cong Sheng became more cautious regarding his attitude towards Ren Xiu Ping and others.


 Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen could cooperate to do missions together, he had a good lead.


 Shen Cong Sheng wanted to copy him, he had to unite Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, these two people cultivated paths that Shen clan lacked.


 Shen Cong Sheng was already regretting it, he should not have forced Miao Ming Shen and the rest to spend their merit points to exchange for different rewards.


 This action made the immortals go against him mentally, it was a wise action back then, but now it was a terrible idea.


 This was not Shen Cong Sheng’s fault, after all, he did not know anything about the Merit Obelisk earlier.


 The decisions he made back then was very appropriate due to the circumstances.


 There were many types of missions on the merit obelisk, mid-sized missions started to become difficult.


 Thus, the more paths one cultivated, the more advantage they would have in completing missions.


 Fang Yuan had already united Miao Ming Shen and the rest, Shen Cong Sheng started to learn from his mistake, he became more gentle in his approach towards Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua.


 His rank eight reputation was still around, while Ren Xiu Ping’s alliance agreement was not removed yet, and most importantly, Ren Xiu Ping had a grudge against Chu Ying and Miao Ming Shen.


 All these reasons ensured that Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua were still on Shen clan’s side.


 When Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk, a new large sized mission appeared — the demonic immortal in regret crying sea has lost his senses, please cooperate with the formation and kill him!


 "Regret crying sea appeared?" Fang Yuan was slightly stunned before accepting this mission.


 At this point, four missions regarding the merman city had appeared, but the merman saintess selection competition had not started yet.


 The influence of Fang Yuan’s rebirth had greatly altered the missions on the Merit Obelisk.


 With this mission, Fang Yuan would be able to retrieve regret Gu earlier.


 This was a great thing!


 Once he gets regret Gu, he would be able to advance his Immortal Gu to a higher rank, his progress would be faster than in his previous life.



***
Chapter 1903 Response Gu


***





 



 The sky was cloudy, there were vicious winds and choppy waves.


 This was regret crying sea area, Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen’s group had already been here for some time.


 "I regret it! I should not have killed so many people."


 "I painfully regret it! I should not have chased after power, it would have been much better if I had stayed behind to look after my parents as a filial son!"


 "I truly repent! I deceived everyone and concealed Immortal Gu, I let a friend, who trusted me the most, carry the blame so I could get benefits!"


 Waves of crying sounds resounded in the immortals’ ears like immortal killer moves that messed with their emotions.


 This was the center of the regret crying sea area.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest stayed in the sky while watching Fang Yuan who was in deep contemplation, they waited patiently.


 Even though they did not have much formation path foundation, they also found the grand formation at the bottom of the sea.


 This was clearly the work of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Miao Ming Shen and the rest looked at it and felt how minuscule they were.


 Fang Yuan was like this in his previous life, he sighed that this formation was as vast as the sky, he would need at least dozens of years to comprehend all the profundities of this large formation.


 But now, this time needed decreased drastically.


 "I need about eight years to fully comprehend and gain complete understanding of this formation." Fang Yuan thought.


 The reason for such an improvement was none other than Fang Yuan’s earth path attainment level.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan did not have grandmaster attainment level in earth path, but this formation was a super immortal formation that was primarily earth path.


 "There are no actions from regret Gu." Fang Yuan stared at a certain area at the bottom of the sea.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised by this situation.


 In order to stay in Dragon Whale Paradise, Fang Yuan destroyed the stone lotus island in advance. Without the stone lotus island, the venerable method used on regret Gu could not find its location, how could it activate?


 According to the memories that Fang Yuan obtained on the stone lotus island, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had entered the stone lotus island and borrowed regret Gu.


 Even though the stone lotus island had Red Lotus’ will and his lingering methods, how could it resist a living venerable?


 Red Lotus’ will gave in, allowing Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to borrow regret Gu, he even wanted to snatch Red Lotus’ inheritor.


 This inheritor was naturally Fang Yuan.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan chose the stone lotus island but this time, he took everything from the stone lotus island in advance, he came to the Dragon Whale Paradise because he wanted to inherit this Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 "In the previous life, regret Gu flew out and transported me away. Right now, it is showing no signs of movement, it seems that I need to take action myself." Fang Yuan gained some realization.


 Venerable methods were grand and powerful, Fang Yuan was teleported by regret Gu to the stone lotus island without putting up resistance.


 Seeing that regret Gu did not activate, Fang Yuan was quite happy about it.


 After comprehending it for several hours, Fang Yuan recollected his scattered thoughts.


 He thought about it for a moment before saying to Miao Ming Shen: "We need to use the formation to get rid of this demonic immortal. However, when Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable set up this formation, even though it has unparalleled power, it can only suppress and seal, it has no offensive power. My idea is, we will set up a supplementary formation outside and activate it to kill the demonic immortal trapped within the formation."


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest nodded upon hearing this idea, they agreed with it.


 If they tried to break the formation and release the demonic immortal, it would be extremely dangerous.


 It was obvious that this mysterious demonic immortal was someone of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s generation. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had died already but this demonic immortal was still alive.


 In terms of lifespan, he had already lived for more than a hundred thousand years.


 Who could live for so long?


 Even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, who had the longest lifespan among venerables, only lived for twenty five thousand years.


 Having a longer lifespan than a venerable, just this point alone made the demonic immortal extremely terrifying.


 "Everyone, no need to overestimate the demonic immortal." Fang Yuan smiled: "This formation has a lifespan extension method in addition to its sealing ability, this demonic immortal is in constant hibernation to extend his lifespan, this is the reason he is still alive."


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest showed a more relaxed expression after he said that.


 "Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable is truly merciful, not only did he not kill the person, after suppressing this demonic immortal, he even extended his lifespan!"


 "Does Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable have Heavenly Court’s lifespan extension method? According to Heavenly Court’s method, not only a hundred thousand years, they can hibernate for millions of years."


 "Sigh, how can we possibly try to understand the method of a venerable?"


 Fang Yuan turned his gaze to Miao Ming Shen and said: "But for me to set up the supplementary formation, I need a Gu Immortal to suppress each formation core. When the supplementary formation is activated, the more Gu Immortals there are and the more formation cores there are, the greater the power of the supplementary formation will be. And in my plan, I need at least eight Gu Immortals to suppress the formation cores."


 The good feelings of Miao Ming Shen and the rest faded away.


 Including Fang Yuan, there were only five Gu Immortals here. Fang Yuan’s words meant that they had to invite at least three more people.


 That was an interesting situation.


 Because with the addition of Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo, they still needed one person.


 And other than Shen clan’s Gu Immortals, there were only Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua left.


 This was not acceptable to Miao Ming Shen’s group. Shen clan had suppressed them, while Ren Xiu Ping was their enemy and Tong Hua was a traitor.


 Who do they invite?


 Gui Qi Ye, Hua Die, and Feng Jiang showed difficult expressions.


 However, Miao Ming Shen smiled and responded sincerely: "Brother Chu, the most important thing right now is the Paradise Earth true inheritance, it is a rare opportunity, so we should seize it! This is such a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! What hatred do we have that we can’t put aside for a while? If we want to settle the score, we can do it after we leave. In my opinion, Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo can be invited, Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua can also be invited, and it will be even better if Shen clan’s Gu Immortals can also come."


 After saying that, Miao Ming Shen added an additional sentence: "Of course, everything is up to you, Brother Chu."


 Gui Qi Ye and the other immortals’ expressions changed, they wanted to say something but after Miao Ming Shen’s statement, they could not say anything.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, Miao Ming Shen was truly Miao Ming Shen after all!


 Fang Yuan said warmly: "Brother Miao is truly magnanimous, I am in deep admiration. Let’s do that, I will set up a few supplementary formations first, the four of you will guard a formation core each and activate the formations to infiltrate the underwater formation. After that, I will invite the other Gu Immortals in."


 Miao Ming Shen said again: "I am friends with Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi, I can write them a letter to make sure they know what decision to make."


 Fang Yuan nodded: "That would be good."


 Eventually, Fang Yuan obtained a few information path mortal Gu from Miao Ming Shen.


 Miao Ming Shen not only wrote letters to Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo, he even wrote to Ren Xiu Ping, Tong Hua, and Shen clan, inviting them on behalf of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took a few glances at the content, there were no issues. Miao Ming Shen expressed his intention to work together in the letter, he said that their grudges could be put aside for a while, he also praised Fang Yuan’s methods and urged them to cooperate with him.


 Fang Yuan could not help but reassess Miao Ming Shen.


 The truth was, Miao Ming Shen’s letter was only the icing on the cake, this letter was not going to change anything.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of confidence in successfully recruiting these people to begin with.


 Even if Miao Ming Shen objected, Fang Yuan would still invite the other Gu Immortals. Miao Ming Shen knew that he was not someone crucial to Fang Yuan, he could be replaced, in order to gain more benefits in the future, he relented. If this is not a talented person, who is?


 The process of recruiting Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi went very smoothly.


 Fang Yuan only said a sentence and they quickly joined him, they even showed deep excitement.


 After all, Fang Yuan was bringing Miao Ming Shen’s group to rise in ranking on the merit board, everyone could see how they suppressed Shen Cong Sheng.


 Fang Yuan invited Tong Hua next, she hesitated and said she needed to think about it.


 After that, Fang Yuan invited Ren Xiu Ping, he agreed to it without even thinking, he was even faster than Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi.


 Ren Xiu Ping also brought slightly surprising news to Fang Yuan, Shen clan’s Gu Immortals wanted to join as well.


 Shen Cong Sheng was the leader of the Shen clan Gu Immortals, without his consent, none of them would dare to defect over to Fang Yuan.


 Thus Fang Yuan met with Shen Cong Sheng soon after.


 "Chu Ying." This time, Shen Cong Sheng had a warm attitude, he also treated the rank seven Chu Ying as a rank eight equal.


 "The reason why I came here is because of Heavenly Court’s information. Not long ago, Duke Long and Qi Sea Ancestor had a battle, I’m sure you have heard of it. In this battle, I captured Gu Yue Fang Zheng, in order to get him back, Heavenly Court gave me some important information."


 "It turns out that this Dragon Whale Paradise has a rank eight response Immortal Gu, this Gu is extremely important to me and my Shen clan, I have been looking for it for many years."


 "Shen clan is willing to cooperate with you, Chu Ying. If you see this Gu on the Merit Obelisk’s reward list, I hope you can pass it. If you encounter this Gu in a mission, my Shen clan would like you to capture it for us. We will offer you a huge reward!"


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed: "Response Gu? This Gu worm is among the top ten of the List of Mystical Gu, it can emit a voice and anyone who hears this voice and responds to it will become enslaved. A rank eight response Gu can enslave rank eight Gu Immortals, this is such a precious Gu that your clan is unable to obtain, if you want to work with me, what rewards are you offering me? After all, within this Dragon Whale Paradise, we cannot set an agreement."


 Shen Cong Sheng laughed loudly: "I have already prepared it. This cooperation will use the reputation of my Shen clan, you can record the entire process. Furthermore, I have something for you, this is a portion of our sincerity, please do accept it."


 Saying so, Shen Cong Sheng took out a set of immortal materials and handed them to Fang Yuan.


 The immortal materials had a lot of value, even Fang Yuan felt a little excited upon receiving them.


 Regret Gu was right in front of him, he needed quite a bit of resources to advance all of his Immortal Gu, this set of immortal materials from Shen Cong Sheng had fixed this problem, it was something Fang Yuan really needed.


 Fang Yuan nodded as he accepted the immortal materials.


 Shen Cong Sheng added: "I hear that your current mission has a super immortal formation set by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself. I would like to go there, response Gu might be in it, even if it is not there, my Shen clan Gu Immortals can lend a hand to help you with this mission."


 Fang Yuan pondered for a while before nodding: "It is my honor to receive the help of Lord Shen Cong Sheng."



***
Chapter 1904 Territory Gu


***





 



 Within the regret crying sea area, immortals were present.


 Miao Ming Shen and the other three each stayed in a supplementary formation, they activated their formations as the power continued to seep into the underwater formation.


 Fang Yuan was setting up his immortal formation now.


 His aura was radiating at rank seven level, his body was covered in a light green halo, his eyes were filled with blue light, resembling lightning in the sea.


 Waving his hand, a large number of mortal Gu flew into the sky like a swarm of bees, circling around and forming the shape of a supplementary formation.


 Next, Fang Yuan took out immortal materials and used his killer moves to fill up this supplementary formation.


 The newly arrived Ren Xiu Ping and others looked at Fang Yuan with gleaming eyes, they were silent upon seeing his formation arrangement.


 The Gu Immortals all had complex expressions, even Shen Cong Sheng was the same.


 "Being able to use immortal materials to set up formations, he is a formation path grandmaster."


 "Chu Ying cultivates transformation path, to think that he has such attainment in formation path, this is very rare. How does he dual cultivate?"


 "Perhaps he found a way to cultivate both transformation path and formation path without conflict, like how Heavenly Court’s Thunder Ghost True Monarch cultivated lightning path and soul path, or how Nine Spiritual Fairy cultivates transformation path and enslavement path."


 "It is not as simple as just a formation path grandmaster, Chu Ying’s proficiency in creating formations is very high, and most impressively, he does not lack formation path immortal killer moves, his efficiency at creating formations is truly amazing!"


 The immortals watched with increasing shock as Fang Yuan displayed his incredible formation path attainment.


 "With such methods, he can handle a lot of missions on the Merit Obelisk."


 "Most of the Merit Obelisk missions involve channeling of rivers and managing the ecology, this is very advantageous for Chu Ying."


 "No wonder he could complete so many formations!"


 "Ordinary formation path Gu Immortals need Immortal Gu to create immortal formations. But Chu Ying is a formation path grandmaster, he only needs to use immortal materials. This is too terrifying."


 The Gu Immortals could not help but feel envy and jealousy, especially towards Miao Ming Shen and group who had joined Chu Ying much earlier and had a head start.


 Ren Xiu Ping was already starting to consider if he should abandon Shen clan after this mission and defect to Fang Yuan instead.


 Looking at the current situation, Fang Yuan was very magnanimous, earlier, even though Ren Xiu Ping was enemies with him, he had completely ignored it at the moment.


 Ren Xiu Ping’s worry was that Fang Yuan already had Miao Ming Shen’s group, even Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi had a closer relationship to Fang Yuan than him.


 "In Chu Ying’s perspective, he could simply cooperate with the people he liked. Why would he seek the cooperation of an enemy like me?"


 Ren Xiu Ping had a thought: "Even though he had formation path grandmaster attainment level, being able to use immortal materials to set up formations, his greatest limitation is also immortal materials. If he lacks immortal materials, I can contribute them to him and deepen our cooperation and relationship."


 Ren Xiu Ping decided to give up some of his personal benefits, that was the only way he could entice Fang Yuan into cooperating with him.


 "This formation has been created, Ren Xiu Ping, please go and defend it." Fang Yuan spoke at this time.


 He had already set up several formations, this was like the previous few ones, even though they were made in the sky, once they were completed, they would sink into the sea.


 "Sure, sure." Ren Xiu Ping smiled as he flew down, he entered the formation without checking it closely.


 Ren Xiu Ping did not have formation path attainment, even if Fang Yuan created the formation before his very eyes, he could not understanding the profundity of this supplementary formation, but he believed that with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, Fang Yuan could not harm him.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable restricted Gu Immortals from fighting each other, it allowed them to trust each other to a large extent.


 Fang Yuan continued to set up formations.


 One, two three...


 One by one, Gu Immortals entered their formations, the supplementary formations were getting stronger.


 Ren Xiu Ping’s expression was not good now.


 Fang Yuan seemed to have an endless supply of immortal materials!


 During this period of time, he saw domination copper, earthly limit astral qi, green jade wind, dark inkstone, heaven flying jade...


 Fang Yuan’s deep wealth silenced all of the immortals.


 Ren Xiu Ping even gasped in shock several times.


 With such wealth, how could he possibly compare?


 And the thing that made Ren Xiu Ping the most dejected was Fang Yuan’s attitude.


 He spent all of these immortal materials to create formations, he did not even blink or hesitate, he was completely indifferent about the cost!


 Even though Fang Yuan lacked immortal materials, that was for the sake of advancing his Immortal Gu. The immortal materials used to create these formations were merely just a tiny portion of Fang Yuan’s treasury, even if he had to create another hundred supplementary formations, he could easily afford it.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s actions were simply showing that he was incredibly affluent in the eyes of Ren Xiu Ping and the other Gu Immortals!


 After expending some time and effort, all the supplementary formations were finally created.


 Shen Cong Sheng and the rest went into their own formations that were scattered all around the underwater formation, if one watched from above, it would resemble the tail of a peacock.


 Every single supplementary formation resembled the feathers that formed the eye of a peacock tail, they gathered strength that flowed all the way into the underwater formation.


 The supplementary formations looked similar but they all had different effects.


 This was because Fang Yuan modified every supplementary formation according to the respective Gu Immortal using it, for example, Miao Ming Shen’s supplementary formation had space path immortal materials, it could raise his efficiency. Ren Xiu Ping’s supplementary formation had several spaces in it that could accommodate desolate beasts, it would allow him to use his enslavement path expertise.


 Other than that, the supplementary formations also had specific locations. Fang Yuan placed the weaker immortals like Hua Die and Feng Jiang at the periphery. Shen Cong Sheng who was the strongest was closest to the underwater formation.


 Fang Yuan also created a supplementary formation for himself.


 He entered it.


 This supplementary formation was a refinement path Gu formation, its only use was to amplify the power of Fang Yuan’s refinement path killer moves.


 Within the supplementary formation, Fang Yuan activated his killer move — Refinement Formation Rain!


 At once, rain started to drizzle above the sea.


 Countless raindrops entered the underwater formation, the might of refinement path was displayed as Gu worms were refined by Fang Yuan one by one.


 Shen Cong Sheng and the others did not find this rain powerful initially, but after a while, their eyes were opened wide.


 Because during this short period of time, Fang Yuan had already refined the outer layer of the underwater formation.


 "What killer move is this? It worked against this underwater formation!"


 "It looks like a refinement path killer move?" Some were uncertain.


 "Such a powerful refinement path killer move... does Chu Ying cultivate refinement path too?" Some found it unbelievable.


 "This should be the effect of that supplementary formation!"


 The Gu Immortals thought about it for a long time, they subconsciously decided to attribute it to the power of Fang Yuan’s supplementary formation.


 If Chu Ying also had such terrifying attainment in refinement path, able to refine the formation of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, wouldn’t he be a triple cultivator?


 How would Ren Xiu Ping, Miao Ming Shen, and all these other elites who cultivated one path feel!


 Even if it was the power of the supplementary formation, these Gu Immortals were still immensely shocked.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s pupils shrunk slightly, compared to the supplementary formation’s power, he was more shocked at Fang Yuan’s ambition.


 He already understood it.


 All of them controlling the supplementary formations were like crowbars while the underwater formation was like a tightly sealed wooden box.


 The power of the supplementary formation invaded the underwater formation, it was like the crowbars trying to pry open the box.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan controlled the supplementary formation that was the core of this entire formation, it could flow in using the crack opened by the crowbars, to invade and turn these wooden boards into his own possession!


 "Such formation path attainment, such ambition... he wants to take the entire formation for himself!"


 "Chu Ying..." Shen Cong Sheng had a solemn expression, he secretly engraved this name into his heart.


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan was using this refinement formation rain killer move.


 This move used rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu as the core. Fang Yuan used many Gu worms to suppress the rank eight aura, disguising it as rank seven.


 After rebirth, he annexed Lang Ya Sect and gained rank eight Immortal Gu Water Refinement, he created this move.


 After returning to Southern Border, he used this killer move to refine Chi Qu You’s formation and captured many Gu Immortals inside the formation.


 This time, Fang Yuan used it with rank seven aura again, with the concealment of the supplementary formation, Shen Cong Sheng could not tell that it was truly rank eight.


 The power of a rank eight killer move was truly extraordinary, the underwater formation was slowly refined by Fang Yuan bit by bit.


 The more he refined it, the greater his control over the formation, with the help of his supplementary formations, he progressed with great speed without much problem.


 However, after he refined thirty percent of the formation, refinement formation rain’s effect fell drastically, his progress slowed down.


 "Refinement formation rain is just a killer move, the actual effect depends on my understanding of this underwater formation." Fang Yuan expected this, he was not surprised, he was sufficiently patient.


 He decided to spend some time here, to get regret Gu and the other Immortal Gu in the formation, his investments were worth it.


 Originally, he was worried about the other Gu Immortals.


 But now that Shen Cong Sheng had been invited here, Fang Yuan was not afraid that other Gu Immortals would use this time to surpass his contribution ranking.


 The rate of formation refinement got slower and slower, eventually, Fang Yuan hit a brick.


 This was an earth path rank seven Immortal Gu, its body was flat like a disk, yellowish brown, with a head and a tail, and four tentacles that look like hooks, growing evenly around the disk.


 "This is territory Gu. Once a Gu Immortal plants it deep into the soil, it will emit a profound power that affects the surrounding soil and spreads out until it reaches its limit, everything that is within a thousand li of that territory will be controlled by the Gu Immortal." Fang Yuan recognized this Gu.


 Territory Gu was very commonly seen.


 Especially in Southern Border.


 Many villages, even if they were not proficient in earth path, would try to get a rank three or four territory Gu. The village would plant this Gu in the soil and let a Gu Master in a position of authority use it, to raise and maintain their control over this territory.


 Territory Gu was a very useful Gu worm but it was very expensive, it was often used by forces. Individual Gu Masters did not need it.


 Territory Immortal Gu was actually kept within Dragon Whale Paradise, this Gu was quite useful to Fang Yuan as well.


 Fang Yuan could conveniently use this Gu worm to manage his immortal aperture. He could alter the landscape of the territory that he creates using territory Gu.


 Even if it was not useful, Fang Yuan still had to refine this earth path Immortal Gu. It was the key obstacle now, it stopped Fang Yuan from progressing further.



***
Chapter 1905 Demonic Immortal Breaks Free


***





 



 "It is a little troublesome, I need to make deductions. Everyone, take a rest for now." Fang Yuan spoke.


 The obstacle of territory Gu not only blocked Fang Yuan but also the other Gu Immortals. No matter how they activated the supplementary formation, they could not penetrate the formation anymore.


 The Gu Immortals started to rest, but not without talking among themselves.


 "We finally met with an obstacle."


 "I thought that Chu Ying would be able to continue refining it endlessly."


 "Don’t joke, this is a formation that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created personally, how in the world can this Chu Ying possibly refine such a formation?"


 "But if he cannot refine it, what will happen to our mission?"


 "Indeed, even though Chu Ying is a formation path grandmaster, deduction is the expertise of wisdom path. What can he deduce?"


 The Gu Immortals had complex emotions.


 On one hand, they could finally let out a sigh of relief after seeing Fang Yuan face an obstacle.


 On the other hand, the fact that Fang Yuan was stuck meant that they were also not able to progress and gain more benefits.


 The Gu Immortals wanted Fang Yuan to break through this obstacle but they were also inherently unwilling to see him succeed.


 "Alright, I deduced it, let’s continue." Fang Yuan said.


 "What?" The immortals were stumped, his speed was too terrifying.


 Fang Yuan flew out of the supplementary formation and floated in the air: "To get through this obstacle, we need to modify the supplementary formations a little, everyone, don’t be anxious to take action."


 Next, he willed as immortal essence got rapidly expended, supplementary formations followed his will and thought, changing locations. Some supplementary formations moved back while others moved in front, getting closer to the underwater formation.


 Eventually, Miao Ming Shen’s supplementary formation was closely placed beside Ren Xiu Ping’s formation, they were tightly connected together.


 Fang Yuan said to them: "Next, the two of you will lead the supplementary formations while the others help out."


 Ren Xiu Ping and Miao Ming Shen nodded, they had complex expressions, not expecting that they of all people would actually cooperate.


 After modifying the supplementary formations, Fang Yuan entered his supplementary formation again, he did not rush to activate refinement formation rain, instead he gave specific instructions to the immortals within these formations, using his own steps and methods to activate these supplementary formations in a particular manner.


 The power of the supplementary formation changed, it was like a thin cluster of sand, falling through the cracks of the underwater formation and slowing down its operations bit by bit.


 And this change was what Fang Yuan needed to make use of.


 He quickly activated refinement formation rain and successfully refined territory Gu after a while!


 After passing this obstacle, a new sense of ease was felt by the immortals as the supplementary formation’s power surged like a wave and rampaged in the underwater formation. Only after it took over sixty percent of the formation did it stop at a new obstacle.


 A huge wave of shock emerged in the hearts of Shen Cong Sheng and the rest.


 "So powerful!"


 "To think that this Chu Ying is so impressive."


 "More than half of this underwater formation belongs to him now."


 "The supplementary formations he designed are very profound, they can be adjusted according to situations. This is not a fixed formation, it is a transformative formation!"


 Fang Yuan’s performance surpassed their highest expectations, they could not help but feel deeply astonished.


 Three days and two nights later, Fang Yuan refined a few more earth path Immortal Gu and a vast number of mortal Gu. At this point, the sixty percent of the formation was finally under Fang Yuan’s control.


 "But the remaining forty percent is the core of this underwater formation. With just the supplementary formations and myself, we cannot break through it in the short term." Fang Yuan knew his own limits. He had already reached the current limit of his abilities after reaching this point.


 After all, this earth path formation was created by Paradise Earth, his earth path attainment level was supreme grandmaster!


 Fang Yuan tried to use the sixty percent that he refined to interfere with the remaining forty percent.


 Fang Yuan tried to use the underwater formation against itself.


 Guh.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan suddenly coughed out blood as his soul shook, his face turned pale. Many supplementary formations including the one he was in broke apart, the Gu Immortals within fell into the water as they shouted in shock, each of them faced varying levels of backlash.


 Fang Yuan’s plan failed, even though he controlled sixty percent of the formation, he could not do anything to the remaining core forty percent!


 "As expected of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, even after over half of it was refined, it still remained unmoved." Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 He sighed to himself as he called out: "Everyone, I am sorry, I did not see the profundity of the formation and caused you to get injured."


 The injured Gu Immortals shook their head, they quickly replied that they were fine.


 In their opinion, it was outstanding that Chu Ying could reach this stage, he far exceeded their expectations.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes as he thought: "It seems that we can only dismantle the formation now."


 After resting for a while, he started to dismantle the formation.


 Because the external sixty percent was already refined by him, the dismantling was very successful.


 But this was not a normal dismantling process, Fang Yuan only took apart sixty percent of the formation, thus during this process, Gu worms were destroyed when the formation was taken apart. But Fang Yuan paid attention to the Immortal Gu and protected them, he successfully obtained them. As for the mortal Gu, even if some of them were destroyed, it was not a big deal.


 Miao Ming Shen, Ren Xiu Ping, and the rest watched with wide opened eyes!


 When they controlled the supplementary formation earlier, they could not sense the exact situation within the formation, there was only a faint connection.


 Now that Fang Yuan dismantled the formation, they could see all of the Gu worms that he was getting.


 "So many Gu worms!"


 "I see so many long-lost earth path mortal Gu, they were all created when Paradise Earth was still a Gu Master."


 "There are also Immortal Gu, oh heavens, there are eight Immortal Gu!"


 "Most of these Immortal Gu are rank seven, there are few rank six Immortal Gu!"


 "Chu Ying took them all!"


 "Indeed, he did not even give us a single one..."


 The Gu Immortals watched as Fang Yuan took his Immortal Gu, they were staring in a daze, some of them were even salivating intensely.


 Most of these were earth path Immortal Gu, they were not suitable for use but Immortal Gu were unique, they could be traded for other Immortal Gu!


 Tu Tou Tuo’s eyes were bloodshot, he was almost spewing fire from them!


 He was an earth path Gu Immortal, watching as Fang Yuan kept the earth path Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture, he felt his mouth turning dry and his heart palpitating intensely.


 While dismantling the formation, he gulped several times, he wanted to speak but could only swallow his saliva in the end.


 He really wanted to snatch these Immortal Gu!


 But his logic told him that it would be the most stupid move to do so.


 Even a rank eight like Shen Cong Sheng could not do anything, how could he?


 In the end, Tu Tou Tuo heaved a deep sigh, he swallowed all of his envy and jealousy into his stomach along with his saliva.


 His mind moved quickly, thinking of how to get these Immortal Gu. He knew that he was not crucial to this plan, so the only way was to deepen his cooperation and relationship with Chu Ying by displaying his value, it would help in the future when he asks Chu Ying to exchange Gu.


 The only good thing was that Chu Ying cultivated transformation path and formation path, he did not cultivate earth path. Thus, there was a high possibility that Chu Ying would sell these Immortal Gu in the future.


 The pitiful Tu Tou Tuo did not know that Fang Yuan’s earth path attainment level was at grandmaster, it was even higher than his!


 After Fang Yuan dismantled the outer part of the formation, the immortals came to congratulate him.


 "Congratulations, congratulations."


 "Chu Ying, you’ve earned a fortune this time. Even though you used so many immortal materials, you gained a large number of Immortal Gu! It is truly a huge profit."


 "To speak the truth, my saliva is about to drip to the ground."


 "Outstanding methods, all I feel is admiration towards you."


 "Chu Ying, I am Tu Tou Tuo, I am quite interested in these earth path Immortal Gu that you obtained. If you wish to sell or exchange them, please inform me, I am sure that you will be satisfied with my offer."


 Fang Yuan thanked them one by one with calm emotions.


 He simply had too many Immortal Gu already!


 It could scare them all to death if he said the exact number.


 And this batch of Immortal Gu that he just obtained was not his biggest gain recently.


 Earlier in the River of Time, Fang Yuan defeated Heavenly Court, even though he lost the stone lotus island, his gains were huge.


 He dismantled six Immortal Gu House from Heavenly Court, even though many Immortal Gu died in the battle, there were many Immortal Gu left.


 For example, the core Immortal Gu of the river suppression lotus sealing formation, Suppression and Bone Seal; the two time path core of Moment Stage, Instant and That Time; Immortal Gu Permanence in Eternal Yacht; the Early Autumn, Mid Autumn, and Late Autumn of Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform; and the Immortal Gu in Sun and Moon Temple, Sun Day and Moon Month.


 These Immortal Gu were mostly rank seven, some were rank eight!


 As for Shark Flow Lever, even though it was completely destroyed without a single one left, it had a special construction style, it used a combination of desolate beasts and Immortal Gu. While Fang Yuan took his loot and gains from the battlefield, he reverse-deduced most of the contents of Shark Flow Lever using the clues he found. This gave him a huge inspiration, currently, Fang Yuan’s clone was already making deductions to try to incorporate Twelve Zodiac battle formation into his Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Right now, there was only forty percent of the underwater formation left in front of Fang Yuan and the others.


 Using refinement formation rain would have little to no effect already.


 The power of the supplementary formation could no longer do anything.


 Even though Fang Yuan tried very hard, there was no progress. He understood that this underwater formation was like a hard tortoise shell, its defense was very tight.


 "Should I wait for my clone Wu Shuai to raise my earth path attainment level or should I attack directly?" Fang Yuan thought about it, he decided to save time and attack now.


 After all, he had so many people with him now, he had to make good use of them.


 Immediately, he asked these Gu Immortals to attack while he and a few other Gu Immortals stayed to manipulate the supplementary formation.


 Boom boom boom!


 All sorts of killer moves were unleashed upon the underwater formation, causing huge ripples and waves.


 The formation only had forty percent left, after being attacked by so many strong immortals, including a rank eight Gu Immortal like Shen Cong Sheng, its operations were hindered as all sorts of flaws appeared.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he quickly used the supplementary formation to invade the formation using these loopholes.


 "I regret it!" Suddenly, from within, a loud crying voice resounded in the area.


 "What was I doing? I should not have attacked the formation."


 "I regret it! Why did I listen to Chu Ying?"


 "I should not have come to Dragon Whale Paradise, now I am completely trapped, I truly regret everything."


 ...


 The immortals quickly stopped their actions, their morale fell to rock bottom as regret Gu exerted its influence on them.


 Only Fang Yuan remained unmoved, bright light shined in his eyes as he thought: "The demonic immortal within the formation is spreading the power of regret Gu to weaken its influence on him. He wants to escape!"


 Bam bam bam!


 Loud sounds were emitted from within the underwater formation.


 The formation had flaws to begin with, right now, these gaps spread as they formed into a huge crack.


 Shen Cong Sheng shouted loudly as he temporarily suppressed the effect of regret Gu, his eyes were bloodshot as he attacked the formation’s crack fiercely.


 Immortal killer move — Grand Collision!


 Boom!


 The power of this move cooperated with the demon within, the formation broke apart as the sealed demonic immortal flew out like a black arrow.


 Shen Cong Sheng was overjoyed, he flew closer: "Ancestor Shen Shang, I am a descendant of Shen clan, I am your junior!"



***
Chapter 1906 He Is Actually Fang Yuan!


***





 



 The sudden change occurred in front of all the immortals.


 Shen Cong Sheng got close to the mysterious demonic immortal, he showed an agitated expression.


 "Finally, I’ve finally found you, Ancestor Shen Shang!" Shen Cong Sheng shouted in a slightly trembling voice.


 His true motive in coming here was to save his ancestor, Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang was the most outstanding Gu Immortal in Shen clan, he had outstanding talent that was publicly recognized. In fact, when he was still a rank six Gu Immortal, a wisdom path rank eight great expert had said that he was the ’hundreds of years eastern immortal leader, with half of a venerable’s talent’, it meant that he would become the leader of Eastern Sea’s immortals in hundreds of years when he reaches rank eight, his talent was so high it could compare to half a venerable.


 However, Shen Shang pursued strength and gradually fell into the demonic path, he started to commit heinous deeds.


 His clan treasured his talent and even though they punished him, it was not a severe punishment, they protected him continuously.


 Shen Shang did not change his ways, he became more daring and as a righteous path Gu Immortal on the surface, he acted like a demon.


 Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world was kept in the dark, Shen clan managed to conceal the fact but they could not hide it from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable took action, suppressing him, but did not expose his identity publicly.


 Shen clan did not dare to publicize it, they only announced that Shen Shang had died from his tribulation.


 After Shen Cong Sheng captured Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Heavenly Court contacted him and told him about Shen Shang’s information, in exchange for Fang Zheng.


 Therefore, Shen Cong Sheng learned that Shen Shang was still alive, and that he was imprisoned within Dragon Whale Paradise.


 In order to enter Dragon Whale Paradise, Shen Cong Sheng mobilized the whole of Shen clan to investigate and search in secret.


 Right at this time, Ren Xiu Ping targeted Miao Ming Shen and attacked them, exposing clues leading to the blue dragon whale.


 After Shen clan learned of this, Shen Cong Sheng led them to force Ren Xiu Ping to submit, they learned that Miao Ming Shen had a way to find the exact location of the blue dragon whale.


 Miao Ming Shen gathered eight immortals to search for the Paradise Earth true inheritance in the blue dragon whale, Ren Xiu Ping and Shen Cong Sheng learned about it and followed them.


 After that, it led to a series of events.


 After Shen Cong Sheng came to Dragon Whale Paradise, he tried all the ways possible to find Shen Shang’s location, after a few missions, Shen clan Gu Immortal Shen Qi got the information of regret crying sea.


 Shen Cong Sheng guessed that the demonic immortal in regret crying sea was likely Shen Shang!


 However, he could not be happy for long because he heard of terrifying news.


 Chu Ying actually accepted the mission to kill Shen Shang!


 This shocked Shen Cong Sheng, he quickly contacted Fang Yuan, lying that he was looking for response Gu and offering a large amount of immortal materials to express his goodwill.


 Thus, Fang Yuan brought Shen Cong Sheng into regret crying sea.


 Shen Cong Sheng waited secretly and did not make a move, only at the last moment, he acted and saved Shen Shang with one attack.


 This change made everyone dumbfounded other than the Shen clan Gu Immortals.


 Immediately, Miao Ming Shen and the rest had dark expressions, their hearts sank to rock bottom.


 Shen Cong Sheng was a rank eight Gu Immortal to begin with, they had another Shen Shang who was a rank eight Gu Immortal now as well. Back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had to suppress him personally, he definitely had outstanding battle strength that was not to be underestimated.


 With Shen Shang, Shen clan’s strength rose greatly. Not only in Dragon Whale Paradise, but even in Eastern Sea, there would be a shocking change.


 Currently, in Eastern Sea’s righteous path, Shen clan would be the only super force with two rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Shen clan would become the strongest force in Eastern Sea.


 This would have huge impact and bring immense benefits to Shen clan.


 Back then, Heavenly Court exposed this secret to them, it was no wonder that Shen Cong Sheng immediately released Fang Zheng without caring about Qi Sea Ancestor, who was hinting that he wanted to get Fang Zheng.


 "You are a descendant of my Shen clan?" Shen Shang floated in the air, looking at Shen Cong Sheng, his eyes shined with brilliance as he nodded: "Indeed, you are a member of Shen clan. What year is it now?"


 Shen Shang had a hoarse voice, it was even more course than crows.


 He wore a grey robe that was tattered, his face was pale and his hair was messy, his eyes were bloodshot and red. His peak rank eight aura radiated from his body with an intense force.


 Shen Cong Sheng answered his question and told him that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had died long ago.


 "So long has passed." Shen Shang sighed deeply: "Lord Paradise Earth died after all, sigh..."


 His attitude towards Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was a bit strange.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed him but he actually called Paradise Earth ’Lord’.


 After sighing, Shen Shang looked towards Fang Yuan and the other immortals.


 He gazed around and understood the situation, he cupped his fists and smiled: "Good, it seems that my Shen clan has many talented people."


 Afterwards, he focused his gaze on Fang Yuan as he spoke in a gentle tone: "Friend, I was able to escape thanks to you. It was mostly due to your effort, do you wish to join Shen clan and become our external supreme elder?"


 He actually wanted to recruit Fang Yuan.


 Indeed, Fang Yuan had displayed sufficient value already.


 Just his formation path grandmaster status was something Shen clan wanted. And looking at his attainment and age, it was possible that he could break through to formation path great grandmaster in his lifetime.


 Shen Cong Sheng cupped his fists towards Fang Yuan, adding: "Chu Ying, I lied earlier but I did not have a choice. Saving our Ancestor Shen Shang is extremely important to Shen clan, I hope you can understand."


 Fang Yuan nodded with a plain expression, he even had a smile on his face: "Of course I understand, if it were me, I would do the same."


 "But Shen clan wants to recruit me? Hehehe..." Fang Yuan laughed as he shook his head.


 Shen Cong Sheng said coldly: "Friend Chu Ying, why are you laughing?"


 Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows: "On what foundation is your Shen clan trying to recruit me? You guys are simply unqualified."


 Shen Cong Sheng’s gaze turned cold as ice.


 His Shen clan was an Eastern Sea super force, they owned seven large sea areas and thousands of middle and small sea areas, they even had two rank eights now. With such strength, they were not qualified to recruit a tiny lone immortal?"


 "Hmph, Chu Ying, don’t be too arrogant."


 "My Shen clan is giving you a chance, this is the magnanimity of our Ancestor Shen Shang."


 "Don’t think too highly of yourself!"


 Shen Xiao and Shen Qi quickly spoke, they flew out of the supplementary formations, gathering with Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang’s bloodshot eyes had deep killing intent, he looked at Fang Yuan and spoke with an icy voice: "Chu Ying? I need to remind you, you were all sent here by the Merit Obelisk, Paradise Earth’s method restricts you from fighting each other. But I have been trapped here for countless years, I am not restricted by the Merit Obelisk, so all of you can be attacked by me."


 The expressions of Miao Ming Shen and the rest changed, their worst nightmare had come true!


 What should they do now?


 Right when they were helpless, they suddenly heard Fang Yuan laughing loudly as he pointed his finger at Shen Shang who was in the sky, provoking him to attack.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were dumbfounded.


 Was this courage or stupidity?


 They could not tell.


 Shen Shang’s eyes shined with blood red light as he lowered his voice that was filled with anger: "You are courting death, then go die!"


 Saying so, he opened his mouth as a blood colored sound wave in a ball shape shot towards Fang Yuan.


 The sound wave was very fast, in almost an instant, it flew through the sky and landed on the supplementary formation.


 Boom!


 The supplementary formation collapsed instantly, it did not even last for a moment.


 An intense explosion occurred, a huge sea wave surged into the sky, it was tens of feet tall.


 Before the wave landed, the explosion had already caused damage to the surroundings, Miao Ming Shen and the rest had to fly into the sky, away from their supplementary formations.


 All of the supplementary formations were destroyed, Miao Ming Shen and the rest had ashen expressions.


 Shen Shang’s attack was definitely at rank eight level, it was terrifying! From their perspective, there was little chance that Chu Ying survived that.


 The truth was, they did not care about Chu Ying’s situation right now, they were more worried about themselves.


 Because Shen Shang had proven his words from earlier with action, he could really attack Miao Ming Shen and the others!


 "Ancestor is so powerful!" Shen Cong Sheng squinted, he knew the inside details. Shen Shang did not cultivate sound path primarily, the sound path method he used earlier was not his true strength.


 "Chu Ying is dead meat!"


 "Good that he died, I disliked him from the start."


 "Indeed, he only had rank seven cultivation level but acted so arrogantly because he knew things about the Dragon Whale Paradise, he truly had no regard for us."


 "He dared to provoke a rank eight, he truly wanted to die... die...."


 Shen Xiao said as he suddenly stammered.


 After the huge waves crashed down, new enormous waves were formed.


 Within the steam and mist, a shiny ship that was covered in silver-white light appeared in front of all of the immortals.


 Chu Ying’s arms were behind his back, he stood at the deck as he carried the same smile as before.


 Shen Shang saw this as his pupils shrunk, he gasped with shock: "Rank eight Immortal Gu House?"


 The other Gu Immortals were all stunned!


 They were so familiar with this Immortal Gu House, no, in the current five regions, which Gu Immortal did not know about this Immortal Gu House?


 "This is... Myriad Year Flying Warship!" Ren Xiu Ping cried out, he felt his scalp going numb.


 "Chu Ying actually has Myriad Year Flying Warship, who in the world is he?" Shen Xiao was tongue-tied.


 The immortals stared at Fang Yuan with fixed gazes, he gradually dispelled familiar face as he showed his true appearance.


 After seeing his true appearance, all of the immortals’ hearts shook, none of them could stay indifferent.


 Hua Die screamed out loud: "It’s Fang Yuan!"


 She was too shocked, she had always felt that Fang Yuan was high and mighty, far away from people like them, to think that he was around her the entire time.


 It was truly unbelievable!


 "It’s Fang Yuan!!" Shen clan’s Gu Immortals gritted their teeth, some were breathing and gasping loudly.


 "So that was it." Miao Ming Shen gulped as he swallowed his saliva. Chu Ying was a fake identity of Fang Yuan, after all, how could such a powerful lone immortal appear in Eastern Sea suddenly?


 It was Fang Yuan after all!


 Who was Fang Yuan?


 He had inherited many venerable inheritances, he was someone who could not be assessed with common sense.


 No wonder Chu Ying had such attainment in transformation path and formation path. This was just a fragment of Fang Yuan’s true strength.


 Now everything made sense.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression was pale as he gritted his teeth, in just a short time, sweat had gathered on his forehead already.


 So it was this great demon Fang Yuan!


 No wonder he had such an attitude, even against two rank eights, he showed such disdain towards Shen clan.


 It was normal!


 Shen Cong Sheng suddenly felt that it was a logical situation, all of his anger towards Chu Ying’s arrogance vanished completely without a trace!


 Fang Yuan dared to provoke even Heavenly Court and kill their members, how could Shen clan even compare?


 After his anger subsided, he felt intense fear afterwards.


 He actually met with Fang Yuan, this was such a problematic person!


 Shen Cong Sheng sighed in his heart, his luck was really bad, why did he meet Fang Yuan of all people?


 At this moment, his rank eight strength could not give him confidence, he was panicking internally.


 At this moment, Shen Cong Sheng heard Shen Shang’s voice: "Who is Fang Yuan?"


 Shen Cong Sheng looked at Shen Shang who had a confused expression.


 He felt that this was very strange!


 This Gu Immortal only had rank seven cultivation level, he had only changed his appearance.


 Why were they all so afraid?


 Shen Shang looked at Shen Cong Sheng with a gaze that had slight questioning, it seemed to be saying: You are a great rank eight, why are you afraid of a rank seven, what is there to fear!


 Even though Fang Yuan showed his appearance, he did not reveal his rank eight aura, it was still concealed.


 Shen Cong Sheng blinked as he shuddered internally.


 Could he remain calm?


 Could he look at Fang Yuan using common sense and cultivation level?


 He was a ruthless demon who dared to trample on Heavenly Court, he destroyed six Immortal Gu Houses belonging to Heavenly Court earlier, he even slaughtered a bunch of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals!


 He was ruthless and scheming, even Heavenly Court was without options against him.


 Now that Shen clan offended him, forget about two rank eights, even if they had a group of rank eights, Shen Cong Sheng would not feel safe at all.



***
Chapter 1907 Human Path Quasi-supreme


***





 



 At this point, Fang Yuan was no longer like before.


 Heavenly Court was the reason for his overwhelming fame and dominance. Even though he only displayed rank seven cultivation level, it was enough to intimidate most rank eight Gu Immortals in the world.


 "Ancestor." Shen Cong Sheng sent an information path mortal Gu to Shen Shang, it contained everything they knew about Fang Yuan.


 Shen Shang received the mortal Gu as his divine sense swept through it, he looked towards Fang Yuan with a new type of gaze.


 "Fang Yuan? Even Heavenly Court cannot do anything against you, hahaha, interesting!" Shen Shang’s eyes burst out with blood red light, he laughed wildly: "To think that a person like you would appear in the world, this is wonderful, because now... I won’t feel lonely."


 Saying so, a strong aura burst out of his body, overwhelming the surroundings and dominating everyone’s hearts.


 Not only did Shen Shang not feel threatened by Fang Yuan’s information, he even became extremely motivated to fight.


 Looking at Shen Shang’s action, Shen Cong Sheng felt a sense of confidence in his heart: "I’m likely not Fang Yuan’s match, but with Ancestor Shen Shang here who is not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, the outcome is still unknown!"


 While he was thinking that, a silver light shot out and filled Shen Cong Sheng’s vision.


 "Damn it!" The alarms in Shen Cong Sheng’s mind rang wildly, he quickly retreated.


 At the next moment, Myriad Year Flying Warship flew over, drawing a beautiful arc of light in the air as it traveled.


 If he reacted slower and stayed on the spot, Shen Cong Sheng would have been hit by Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Shen Cong Sheng did not dare to imagine the result of that collision.


 This was the advantage of an Immortal Gu House.


 Activating immortal killer moves took time, but using an Immortal Gu House to charge and rampage would instantly allow one to unleash an offensive method.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship shot off again.


 Fang Yuan mobilized Myriad Year Flying Warship and went after Shen Shang, ignoring Shen Cong Sheng completely.


 Shen Shang did not dare to test Myriad Year Flying Warship with his bare body either, he was forced into being chased around by Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Shen Cong Sheng and the other Shen clan Gu Immortals wanted to help out but they were helpless when they found out that they could not attack Fang Yuan.


 "Damn it!" Shen Cong Sheng gritted his teeth, in this situation, Shen clan’s superiority in numbers could not be used, they could only watch as Fang Yuan fought against Shen Shang.


 As for Miao Ming Shen and the rest, they did not dare to participate in such a battle, they were retreating already, hiding at a corner of the battlefield.


 "Shen Shang, as an ancestor of Shen clan, all you can do is run around?" Fang Yuan mocked from within Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 But even inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, he was still restricted by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method. Fang Yuan had many subordinates in the sovereign immortal aperture but he could not let them out.


 He could only control Myriad Year Flying Warship alone.


 If he could let out his subordinates, his numbers would far surpass Shen clan.


 "Hmph, arrogant junior!" Shen Shang was angered by Fang Yuan’s words, he stopped in the air and used an immortal killer move.


 Shen Shang’s flying attainment was very high, he was able to fly rapidly, capable of catching up to Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 In the process of escaping, he had been preparing his killer move, he finally unleashed it now.


 Immortal killer move — Night Song!


 The melancholic song quickly spread across the battlefield, and the sadness contained in it was like a tidal wave, constantly filling the hearts of the people.


 The song had a slow tempo, it focused on the person’s vocals, along with the sounds of drums and zithers, it was traditional yet sad.


 Hua Die and Feng Jiang who were at the periphery were already crying.


 Miao Ming Shen, Ren Xiu Ping, and the rest all had sad expressions, they could not help it.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, Myriad Year Flying Warship shined with radiance as it helped him to block the power of night song.


 But Shen Shang had already achieved his goal.


 He activated night song, not to directly deal with the Gu Immortals here, but to create a battlefield environment.


 The song enveloped the sea and sky, a trace of twilight mist spread out from the sound waves, permeating the entire field, and after a few breaths, the entire regret crying sea turned pitch black.


 The Gu Immortals were trapped in this dark area and could not see anything, all they could hear was the sorrowful night song, their morale and battle intent fell drastically. If this continued, they were going to be defenseless.


 Even though Fang Yuan was barely affected, the surrounding darkness meant that he had lost sight of his target as well.


 Fang Yuan immediately activated his investigative method, to try to find Shen Shang’s location.


 But Shen Shang sensed something as he laughed: "Fang Yuan, you fell for my trap."


 Saying so, he activated a killer move — Sensory Injury.


 Fang Yuan grunted immediately, he was directly hit by it.


 He was shocked as he quickly realized: "This is a human path killer move! No wonder my Myriad Year Flying Warship could not guard against it."


 Immortal Gu Houses had both offense and defense, they provided a huge assurance to the Gu Immortal and were very safe.


 But this defense was not perfect.


 When Fang Yuan designed Myriad Year Flying Warship, he considered most paths but human path was his weakness, he was not a human path grandmaster back then.


 By the time he gained the attainment level, Myriad Year Flying Warship was already built, it could not be changed, he could only adjust it a little but there could not be major modifications.


 And most importantly, Fang Yuan lacked defensive human path Immortal Gu.


 "Shen Shang definitely has a high rank human path Immortal Gu!" After Fang Yuan was hit, he understood a bit of his enemy’s foundation.


 In terms of information, Fang Yuan was the one at the losing end.


 He did not know much about Shen Shang, but Shen Shang knew a lot about him.


 Fang Yuan had trump cards of course, like his rank eight cultivation level, five restriction profound light qi, and others, but he intended to keep these methods as a secret, he did not want to expose them now.


 Within this Dragon Whale Paradise, Fang Yuan could not attack Shen Cong Sheng, Miao Ming Shen, and Ren Xiu Ping. If they brought this information out of Dragon Whale Paradise, it was easy for others to find out.


 Thus, Fang Yuan decided to use the methods that he had already exposed before to fight.


 Immortal killer move — Daybreak Sword!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s aura surged as a blinding white light shot out.


 From the silver-white light bubbled the water of the River of Time, from which countless strands of silver light emerged.


 The silver rays quickly condensed and took shape, transforming into many sharp sword-like blades that shot out violently.


 The group of flying swords whistled past, pointing straight at Shen Shang.


 Daybreak flying sword was a genuine rank eight killer move, its power was immense, but when Shen Shang saw the group of flying swords, he laughed loudly and did not dodge.


 Silver-white flying swords landed on his body.


 Shen Shang’s body surged with a mysterious aura, he did not die but was covered in injuries.


 But soon, all the injuries over his body disappeared and turned into dao marks.


 "Incredible! The records in the clan are indeed correct, Ancestor Shen Shang was most proficient at healing." Shen Cong Sheng saw this scene and exclaimed in his mind.


 When Shen Shang was still young, he was a healing physician. When he was a Gu Master, he began to travel Eastern Sea, and because of his powerful and unique healing methods, he soon became famous and well-known. He was also praised for his charitable acts, often helping the poor and needy without charging the slightest consultation fee, he received a warm welcome wherever he went.


 Precisely because of his fame and reputation established in his youth, when he fell into the demonic path later and committed all sorts of demonic acts, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals did not manage to link these crimes to him.


 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan squinted his eyes and felt something amiss: "This healing method is another human path killer move!"


 Under normal circumstances, the injuries of Gu Immortals would have dense dao marks that were difficult to heal.


 But Shen Shang possessed human path methods, he could heal himself with extreme efficiency and yielded quick results.


 The group of flying swords continued to shoot out, many of them piercing through his body.


 However, these wounds were completely healed almost instantly.


 Immortal killer move — Mutual Injuries!


 Shen Shang saw that the time was ripe and quickly unleashed the killer move that he had already prepared.


 In Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan grunted as hundreds of wounds instantly formed on his body, wounds burst open and blood splattered everywhere.


 The wounds were filled with human path dao marks, which then spread rapidly from the wounds, scattering everywhere while being connected as one.


 Alarm bells rang in Fang Yuan’s heart!


 These human path dao marks were like a hanging rope around his neck, once the numbers increased, it would endanger Fang Yuan’s life.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan activated his wisdom path killer move first!


 In an instant, the thoughts in his mind blossomed like fireworks, all sorts of thoughts collided, converged and fused into each other.


 "Shen Shang’s methods are bizarre, he was able to bypass Myriad Year Flying Warship to directly injure me!"


 "Such a terrifying killer move... His human path attainment level is definitely more than a level above mine, I’m afraid he’s a human path quasi-supreme grandmaster!"


 "Any killer move needs to sense its target first, it can only take effect after it senses its target. How did he sense me?"


 "I see. The previous night song killer move was just a trap to lure me into detecting him. He then followed this connection and found his way to me."


 Everything in this world was interconnected.


 When a fist hits a sand dune, a pit would appear on the sand, while the fist would also be covered in sand and mud.


 Previously, Eastern Sea wisdom path Gu Immortal Hua An deduced Fang Yuan, but instead, Fang Yuan followed this connection and deduced Hua An’s situation.


 Not long ago, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals moved to blockade the stone lotus island with the river suppression lotus sealing formation, and it was with this layer of suppression and sealing that Fang Yuan was able to follow this connection and destroy the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


 Now, Shen Shang did the same thing to sense Fang Yuan, it followed the same logic.


 In just half a breath of time, Fang Yuan had already figured it out.


 He immediately made his move, making Myriad Year Flying Warship retreat while scattering the daybreak flying swords, while he began to activate a healing killer move on himself.


 His reaction was so swift that it left Shen Shang slightly stunned.


 At the next moment, this demonic immortal, who was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself, laughed with a hint of madness: "Fang Yuan! Do you think you’ll be safe if you don’t attack me? Hahaha, watch closely!"


 As he said that, he activated a killer move again, his five fingers spread wide and his palm pressed against his chest.


 Immortal killer move — Light Injuries!


 Shen Shang grunted as he was hit by his own killer move, his expression turned pale.


 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan’s body shook as he coughed out a huge mouthful of blood.



***
Chapter 1908 Black Fire


***





 



 Non-conflicting dao marks!


 The sovereign immortal body’s greatest advantage was also its greatest weakness, at this moment, it was fully exposed.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been consciously avoiding this flaw, but Shen Shang’s killer move was too peculiar, it could not be guarded against.


 Who could have thought that night song killer move was just a trap?


 Shen Shang was chased by Myriad Year Flying Warship, it was a normal thing to use this killer move to conceal his own traces.


 If Fang Yuan did not use an investigative method, Shen Shang would hide within the darkness, he would not be able to do anything.


 The human path dao marks on Fang Yuan’s injuries grew rapidly!


 The light injuries on Shen Shang’s body also affected Fang Yuan due to the killer move mutual injuries.


 And in Fang Yuan’s case, because of non-conflicting dao marks, his light injuries became heavy injuries.


 But thankfully, all sorts of healing killer moves had their full effect when used on Fang Yuan as well.


 Thus, as he used a powerful healing method on himself, Fang Yuan instantly recovered.


 Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!


 Shen Shang snickered as he started to hurt himself, with greater intensity than before.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook intensely, his vision turned dark as his seven orifices started to bleed.


 "No! In terms of healing methods, I cannot compare to Shen Shang, I need to find another way." Fang Yuan understood as determination flashed in his eyes.


 Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!


 Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!


 Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!


 Shen Shang continued to injury himself as he turned crazy, he laughed loudly as blood spewed out of his mouth.


 He heavily injured himself but rapidly healed as well, continuing the cycle.


 This was such a strange fighting style, it made all the Gu Immortals dumbfounded.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest had nervous expressions, they were very worried.


 Shen clan’s Gu Immortals were very excited.


 Even though they could not see Fang Yuan’s condition, his flying swords had disintegrated while Myriad Year Flying Warship continued to back off.


 "Ancestor Shen Shang actually forced back Fang Yuan! Impressive." Shen Cong Sheng was very excited, he could also see the rise of Shen clan.


 Miao Ming Shen’s eyes shined with bright light as he thought to himself: "Not good, even though Fang Yuan has Myriad Year Flying Warship, Shen Shang’s offensive methods bypass this Immortal Gu House, it counters Fang Yuan. He is just a rank seven after all while Shen Shang is a genuine rank eight Gu Immortal."


 Gui Qi Ye and Tu Tou Tuo were very confused: "This Shen Shang was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, it is not normal that he could live for so long."


 "And the strange thing is, he does not lack Immortal Gu! When Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed him, didn’t he take away or destroy his Immortal Gu first?"


 "Ugh!" Right at this moment, Shen Shang’s wild laughter came to an abrupt stop.


 Surprise and confusion appeared on his face.


 His connection to Fang Yuan was weakening rapidly.


 How did Fang Yuan do it?


 How could he break and get around this method so quickly?!


 Immortal killer move — Self Cleansing!


 Self cleansing could eliminate harmful dao marks on the user’s body, Fang Yuan used this killer move to quickly get rid of the human path dao marks on his body.


 The blood red light in Shen Shang’s eyes flickered, he started to mutilate himself even more intensely, causing the human path dao marks on Fang Yuan’s body to grow rapidly.


 As long as a single human path dao mark remained on Fang Yuan’s body, he could use this connection to attack Fang Yuan while bypassing Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 But right now, Fang Yuan had already stabilized the situation.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship gradually flew closer as Fang Yuan’s voice resounded from within: "It is my turn now, Shen Shang."


 Twelve Zodiac ancient battle formation!


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, the huge grey stone giant appeared again.


 The giant moved extremely quickly, its two hands grabbed towards Shen Shang as they spread open.


 Shen Shang squinted and snorted coldly, he quickly retreated, attempting to pull some distance from the giant.


 Under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, the grey stone giant only attempted to capture Shen Shang, it did not attack fiercely.


 The grey stone giant had very powerful offensive methods, even though this was not the River of Time, it still had peak rank eight strength.


 But he was currently using capture as the objective instead of hurting Shen Shang, Shen Shang had no choice but to dodge.


 The battle went into a deadlock.


 Shen Shang dodged the Twelve Zodiac battle formation while using killer moves to mutilate himself.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan manipulated Myriad Year Flying Warship as he healed himself, using self cleansing to get rid of harmful human path dao marks.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship and the grey stone giant worked together, chasing after Shen Shang and obstructing him.


 Shen Shang was already having some trouble dodging Myriad Year Flying Warship, with the addition of the grey stone giant, he fell into a disadvantage.


 Every time he was about to get caught, Shen Shang would emit a loud scream that caused sound waves to burst out, opening a path for him.


 Both sides continued to fight, rampaging in the battlefield, it implicated Miao Ming Shen’s group, as well as the Shen clan immortals.


 Hua Die and Feng Jiang were first to give up, they were transported away from the battlefield.


 Followed by Tong Hua, Tu Tou Tuo, Gui Qi Ye and the rest.


 After that were Shen clan’s immortals, Miao Ming Shen, and Ren Xiu Ping.


 Eventually, only Shen Cong Sheng was left in the battlefield, not everyone was qualified to watch a battle between rank eights after all.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression became increasingly dark.


 The battle was tilting in Fang Yuan’s favor, Shen Shang was getting into a difficult spot while Fang Yuan was having an easier time now.


 "This lad has deep wisdom path attainment, he has countless thoughts in his mind, he can multitask easily. In this aspect, I am at the losing end." Shen Shang gritted his teeth, at this point in the battle, he felt like he had fallen into a swamp, the more he struggled, the deeper he sank.


 The battle had already left his control!


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan walked out of the cabin, arriving at the bow of the ship.


 He pointed at Shen Shang as a time path killer move was unleashed.


 Shen Shang was caught off guard, he could not dodge, after getting hit by this move, his movement slowed, the rate of time on him had been halved.


 The grey stone giant used this chance to grab Shen Shang, it squeezed.


 Shen Shang laughed loudly, his hair was messy and his eyes were bloodshot, he had no fear: "Go ahead and kill me!"


 Fang Yuan snorted, he ordered the grey stone giant, it gripped to form a cage of ten fingers, imprisoning Shen Shang and preventing him from moving.


 After understanding Shen Shang’s offensive methods, Fang Yuan easily countered it. As long as he was captured and not killed, he could not do anything to harm Fang Yuan.


 Shen Shang struggled, he screamed wildly but could not escape.


 Shen Cong Sheng saw that the situation was bad, he wanted to help but was quickly faced with backlash, he could not get away from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s restrictions.


 "I finally succeeded." Fang Yuan let out a breath of air.


 Shen Shang lived up to his reputation, this person who was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable personally really had some skills.


 His methods were peculiar and strange, they were hard to guard against, Fang Yuan had fallen for them earlier.


 Of course, Fang Yuan still controlled the situation without wasting many of his hidden trump cards.


 In the worst case, Fang Yuan could return to the starting island, with this assurance, he could not lose to begin with.


 "Ahhhh...." Shen Shang shouted loudly, his face was distorted.


 Fang Yuan’s brows slowly started to furrow.


 Shen Shang’s current situation was quite strange, he constantly laughed and struggled madly without using any immortal killer moves.


 At the next moment, his bloodshot eyes turned pitch black, the black color spread until it filled his eyes.


 With a light sound, a lump of black fire started to burn on his body.


 Within the fire, Shen Shang’s body shook like he was having a spasm, he drooled uncontrollably as he waved his limbs around, he growled like a wild beast that was out of control.


 The black fire on Shen Shang’s body was not eye-catching, but once it spread to the grey stone giant’s hands, the giant screamed in pain as it got burned by the fire.


 After both hands got into contact with the black fire, they started to melt, completely defenseless against this strange black fire.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned colder, the peculiarity and strength of this black fire was far beyond his imagination.


 Seeing that the situation was bad, Fang Yuan quickly deactivated the ancient battle formation.


 At the next moment, the grey stone giant vanished while twelve immemorial year beasts appeared in the sky.


 Among them, two immemorial year beasts contacted the black fire and lost their reasoning, they rolled around in the sky, growling in pain as they struggled intensely.


 Thankfully, the other ten immemorial year beasts acted like this was their biggest threat, after regaining freedom, they quickly fled from the black fire as far as they could.


 Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng frowned deeply with solemn expressions.


 This black fire was too strange, the two of them could not tell what path this black fire belonged to!


 At the same time, they felt an extreme feeling of threat, their skulls felt numb as they sensed this danger.


 The black fire was like the enemy of all lifeforms!


 The two immemorial year beasts were already covered in the fire, they growled as they fell to the ground.


 Fang Yuan had a strong premonition, if these two immemorial year beasts fell into the seawater, the black fire would cause an even greater tragedy.


 But he did not do anything, he went into Myriad Year Flying Warship and retreated.


 Shen Shang who had lost the restriction of the grey stone giant floated in the air and laughed wildly like a lunatic.


 Shen Cong Sheng called him several times but it went unheard. Seeing this strange situation, Shen Cong Sheng also wisely chose to retreat.


 Right when those two immemorial year beasts were about to enter the water, a golden-white pillar of light shot out from the underwater formation, pushing these two immemorial year beasts up into the sky.


 The underwater formation that had only forty percent left burst out with unprecedented power as it operated at full force!


 The golden-white light expanded as it covered Shen Shang as well.


 The black fire continued to burn Shen Shang and the two immemorial year beasts but the white-gold light pillar immobilized them on the spot.


 Such a change caused Shen Cong Sheng to be stunned.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan made his move, daybreak flying swords flew out and pierced the white-gold light pillar, stabbing into Shen Shang.


 "Stop it!" Watching that his ancestor was attacked by Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng shouted anxiously.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he activated his flying swords with even greater intensity.


 This odd black fire was very harmful, seeing that the underwater formation had taken action to stop it from even entering the sea, it was obvious.


 Shen Cong Sheng could only watch helplessly.


 Fang Yuan willed again as his flying swords split into two groups, the other group went to attack his immemorial year beasts.


 Due to the attack of the daybreak flying swords, the black fire still burned but it had weakened by a very slight amount.


 Daybreak sword was a rank eight killer move, yet it nearly had no effect!


 Fang Yuan continued to attack, but the black fire suddenly changed, transforming into lumps of silver-white mist.



***
Chapter 1909 Shen Cong Shengs Immortal Materials


***





 



 "This black fire can still transform?" Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he shook his head immediately after, the silver-white mist still had a strange aura, it did not belong to any path .


 The silver-white mist did not seem to be fundamentally different from the black fire, and while enveloped by it, Shen Shang was still going crazy, the two immemorial year beasts were also continuing to howl.


 When Fang Yuan fired his daybreak flying swords again, he discovered that the power of the daybreak flying swords actually boosted the silver-white mist, causing the latter to increase in size.


 Suspicious, Fang Yuan immediately changed his mind and went on a furious rampage with wind blades instead.


 The silver-white mist was weakened again, but the rate of decline was still very small.


 After the attack lasted for a while, the silver-white mist suddenly turned into three large whirlwinds, covering Shen Shang and the two immemorial year beasts.


 Fang Yuan’s wind blades shot into the whirlwind and began to boost the latter’s power again.


 Fang Yuan started to experiment and wisely began to swap his tactics.


 Other Gu Immortals might have to stop but Fang Yuan cultivated all paths, he had an astonishing number of Immortal Gu at his disposal, he also had attainment level in many paths, he was even more skilled at transitioning to different paths.


 Under Fang Yuan’s attack, the strange black fire kept transforming and getting smaller and smaller.


 The two immemorial year beasts were the first to die without their corpses left, Fang Yuan was soon left with only Shen Shang as his target.


 "Wait, wait! Fang Yuan, I have a huge amount of wealth to gift to you." Shen Cong Sheng could no longer watch this continue, he called out loudly.


 To his joy, Fang Yuan actually stopped.


 Fang Yuan looked at Shen Cong Sheng and smiled: "Do you want me to let your clan’s ancestor go? You should know that this is a demonic immortal, the very demonic immortal that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed personally in the past. You’ve seen his current state, crazy as a beast, delirious, and consistent with what is described on the Merit Obelisk. You still want to save him?"


 Shen Cong Sheng looked deeply at the imprisoned Shen Shang in the pillar of light and made up his mind: "I believe this madness is only temporary. It would be too much of a coincidence if Ancestor Shen Shang happened to fall into permanent madness right when I was about to rescue him, right?"


 "And what price can you pay for that?" Fang Yuan asked.


 "How about you take a look at this?" Shen Cong Sheng pulled out an immortal material.


 It was a bag.


 The bag was not large and seemed to be the size of a grown man’s fist. However, the surface of the bag was covered with a pattern that seemed like gems or blue swirls.


 If one stared closely, one would notice that these sapphire-like swirls were constantly rotating.


 But when one came back to one’s senses, these lines were still lines, as if the scene had just been an illusion.


 Fang Yuan, however, raised his eyebrows and lightly smiled: "So it’s the treasure blue beaver’s stomach pouch."


 Treasure blue beaver was an immemorial desolate beast, often traveling between Eastern Sea and immemorial blue heaven. Now that immemorial blue heaven had shattered, the treasure blue beaver also went extinct. In history, the Gu Immortal who slaughtered the most treasure blue beavers was Old Immortal Kong Jue.


 Old Immortal Kong Jue was one of the three supreme grandmasters of refinement path, comparable to Long Hair Ancestor. The treasure blue beaver that he went after and paid attention to was naturally extraordinary.


 Not to mention, this stomach pouch alone was half an immortal aperture, it contained space path and water path dao marks, there was a whole small world inside of it, which could hide countless treasures. A Gu Immortal could obtain it and merge it into his or her immortal aperture, increasing the size of their grotto-heaven.


 Because of this characteristic, the treasure blue beaver had been hunted down and killed extensively by Gu Immortals. It was no surprise that treasure blue beavers went extinct.


 The stomach pouch of the treasure blue beaver could be said to be the most valuable thing in its body. And in today’s world where treasure blue beavers were extinct, the value of this stomach pouch was even higher than normal!


 In short, this was an extremely rare and highly valuable treasure.


 Fang Yuan reached out his hand and directly took this stomach pouch from Shen Cong Sheng’s hands.


 The stomach pouch was light and the surface was very slippery.


 Fang Yuan inspected it and found that nothing was tampered, so he put it into his immortal aperture in front of Shen Cong Sheng without any concern.


 Next, he smiled: "Anything else?"


 Shen Cong Sheng took a deep breath and pulled out a long black rod with much difficulty: "And this one too, catch it."


 He gathered strength and threw the black rod at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm to catch it, the rod was very heavy, but he also had a lot of strength path dao marks on him, it was naturally easy.


 Unlike Shen Cong Sheng who was a pure sound path Gu Immortal.


 This black rod was taller than Fang Yuan, it had the thickness of a goose egg, the surface was also very rough, the weight was not light, as if it was a crude iron tool.


 However, Fang Yuan could feel a dense aura of life from it.


 This was an ancient desolate plant!


 But it had no roots, no branches, nor leaves, there was only the trunk.


 At the top of the trunk, there were countless star marks, some of them were five-edged, some two-edged, compactly arranged, all of them were emitting pale starlight.


 "Falling star rod tree." Fang Yuan spoke.


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded his head and exclaimed: "Fang Yuan, your extensive knowledge is to be admired."


 The growth conditions of this tree were still a mystery as it had been extraordinarily rare and low in quantity since ancient times.


 It had the unique trait of constantly attracting stars, falling into the trunk of the tree and turning into a single star mark. That was why it was called falling star.


 According to rumors, one of the motives that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had when he traveled the world alone was to collect this tree.


 The value of the falling star rod tree did not just lie in itself.


 By planting it in the immortal aperture, the Gu Immortal could use it to create an entire system of orbiting stars. It was a unique ecology that brought incremental gains every year, and the total amount of gains over time, day after day, year after year, was almost impossible to estimate.


 Like the treasure blue beaver’s stomach pouch, Fang Yuan placed the falling star rod tree into the immortal aperture once again, the natural demeanor that he had almost gave Shen Cong Sheng the illusion that this rare immemorial desolate plant belonged to Fang Yuan in the first place!


 "What else?" Fang Yuan smiled: "These alone can’t exchange for a rank eight great expert."


 Shen Cong Sheng gritted his teeth and said: "I’m sure this immortal material will be able to satisfy you."


 This time, he took out a lump of water.


 The water was constrained in a ball, constantly creating waves. The waves were not just on the surface of the water, but even within the water, it was rising endlessly.


 Although there were countless waves, they were uncluttered.


 The water waves rose and fell in unison, advancing at one moment and retreating at the next, it could be called an orderly advance and retreat.


 When Fang Yuan saw this, his eyes shined with bright light and he said: "Advancing and retreating tidal water."


 Indeed, this was one of the three great waters of the world, advancing and retreating tidal water.


 It was a rank nine immortal material!


 This point alone made it far more valuable than the treasure blue beaver stomach pouch and the falling star rod tree combined.


 Not to mention that it had many wonderful uses.


 "I have a total of twelve portions of the advancing and retreating tidal water here, I can give them all to you." Shen Cong Sheng gave his offer.


 Fang Yuan could not help but sigh lightly: "Shen clan is worthy of being a super force of Eastern Sea, you really have impressive assets."


 Shen Cong Sheng smiled: "We are flattered."


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan said: "But that’s not enough."


 "It’s not enough?" Shen Cong Sheng’s pupils shrank as he showed an awkward expression.


 Fang Yuan sneered and began to use his daybreak swords again, stabbing Shen Shang one sword at a time.


 Shen Shang was still insane and kept on growling.


 Shen Cong Sheng gnashed his teeth as he watched his ancestor being attacked: "My ancestor is insane now, he is not the same as an intact rank eight Gu Immortal. We both know that!"


 "But as you said before, there should still be times when he doesn’t go crazy, shouldn’t there?" Fang Yuan was still sneering.


 "Fang Yuan!" Shen Cong Sheng said in a low voice.


 "What?" Fang Yuan raised his hand, a large number of daybreak flying swords shot towards Shen Shang.


 Shen Cong Sheng almost gritted his teeth till they shattered: "Alright, what else do you want, Immortal Gu?"


 "Of course I won’t be that greedy." Fang Yuan shook his head and said with ease: "I want immortal materials, but not like the three that you gave me. They are all too highly ranked, I need a large number of rank six and seven immortal materials, the larger the variety and quantity, the better it will be."


 "Shen clan is one of the super forces of Eastern Sea, you own seven large sea areas and thousands of middle and small sea areas, you’ll even have two rank eight existences in the future. This little request should not be hard, right?"


 "Of course... not." Shen Cong Sheng’s expression was heavy: "But what will our Shen clan get? A crazy rank eight? He is a hidden threat himself. And it’s a hidden threat that can even force the merciful Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to personally take action to eliminate!"


 Shen Cong Sheng was definitely a qualified leader.


 When it came to the clan’s interests, he was logical to the point of being almost emotionless.


 Undeniably, Shen Shang’s insanity had caused his value to plummet immensely. And the terrifying hidden danger he was carrying further reduced this value to almost a negative number.


 Shen clan wanted as many rank eights as they could. But they did not want a crazy rank eight without any reasoning!


 A rank eight without sanity was just a burden, unable to differentiate enemy and friend, they were a laughing stock for others, and would even bring calamity to Shen clan because of their reckless killing.


 Shen Cong Sheng saw the hidden threat within Shen Shang and kept the worry in his heart. He also did not have the slightest confidence that he would be able to solve this problem.


 Therefore, when he took out these three valuable resources in exchange for Shen Shang, he showed great sincerity.


 Fang Yuan laughed and pointed his finger at Shen Shang: "He is your ancestor, the person you went to great lengths to save."


 At this point, he paused: "Of course, this is by no means the only thing you will get. You’ll also gain... my friendship."


 "Oh?" Shen Cong Sheng showed a look of sudden interest: "How so?"


 "In today’s world, with the earth veins frequently shifting and the five regions fusing as one, it’s bound to be a chaotic world. Although Shen clan is in Eastern Sea, it is by no means a paradise. Eastern Sea has the most resources and wealth that lure people’s greed, even when the five regional walls exist, there is a steady stream of Gu Immortals coming here, what do you think will happen in the future?"


 Fang Yuan spoke casually: "In this situation, what is the use of the differentiating righteous path and demonic path? If Shen clan and I join forces, it will be a strong partnership. Of course, we can keep this partnership hidden as much as we want. Your esteemed clan is extremely affluent, while I am free to do anything I want without burden."


 "Central Continent is far more powerful than the other four regions, so if they attack Eastern Sea in the future, will Shen clan want to surrender or remain self-reliant? Even if you surrender, will all the super forces in Eastern Sea surrender? This is why, there is never a shortage of enemies, but allies like me are extremely rare to come across."


 "The fact that you and I have met here is truly a great opportunity. If we continue to fight, it will only lead to a lose-lose situation. But if we help each other, it will be a win-win situation. Currently, we are dealing with the Paradise Earth true inheritance and Shen Shang, in the future, we will cooperate to deal with Central Continent and manipulate the entire state of the world!"



***
Chapter 1910 Everyones Immortal Materials


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s words made Shen Cong Sheng go silent.


 The sea breeze ruffled his clothes as he hovered in the air, deep in thought.


 Fang Yuan stopped attacking with his daybreak swords and allowed him to ponder quietly.


 The future of the five regions chaotic war had already been foreseen by all the major forces. Shen clan was a super force in Eastern Sea, but in such a chaotic situation, it was also like a rocky boat in a stormy sea.


 Shen Cong Sheng was not stupid, other leaders of their respective forces also had great foresight, they were considering what direction they should take in the future when chaos ensues.


 This was a big change, and if one was not careful, the tide of the great era would drown all those who did not plan well ahead of the storm!


 This certainly included super forces.


 Throughout history, even in relatively peaceful times, countless super forces had disappeared. Not to mention the great era when a venerable would appear, almost all of the existing order would be overturned, and in the midst of this, countless super forces would be destroyed and created, the situation of the five regions would become completely altered beyond recognition.


 How should one attempt to live in such an era?


 This was something that every Gu Immortal with foresight was wondering about.


 Should they cooperate and join forces with Fang Yuan?


 This was the question Shen Cong Sheng had to think about now.


 In terms of qualifications, Fang Yuan was perfectly qualified to work with Shen clan, in fact, Shen Cong Sheng was still a little worried that Shen clan was the unqualified party. Because he himself was not a match for Fang Yuan.


 But if he rescued Shen Shang and resolved the hidden threat in his body, along with Shen clan’s Immortal Gu House... They would have the foundation to cooperate with Fang Yuan.


 Shen Cong Sheng knew that Shen clan needed external allies like Fang Yuan.


 It might be unlikely in times of peace, but in the future, when the five regions chaotic war starts, there would be a great chance that Shen clan would be in danger and at the point of extermination.


 At this time... Fang Yuan would certainly be unreliable!


 It would be a blessing if he did not gang up on Shen clan in the first place.


 Shen Cong Sheng knew very well about Fang Yuan’s demonic nature.


 But what about the time when Shen clan needs to deal with an equivalent super force? For example, Xie clan, Cai clan, Hua clan, Tang clan, and even Song clan...


 Shen clan was situated near the center of Eastern Sea, surrounded by many super forces, it was as if they were caught in a siege.


 Without seeking a direction to break out and grow while they could, during the five regions chaotic war, they would end up as fodder for other powerful enemies.


 Under such circumstances, if Shen clan could pay a large sum of resources in exchange for powerful help like Fang Yuan, why should they hesitate?


 Fang Yuan possessed a rank eight Immortal Gu House, multiple venerable inheritances, and was able to repeatedly trample Heavenly Court underfoot. Such a powerful battle power was what Shen clan needed, it was something every super force desired.


 If they did not cooperate with Fang Yuan now, what would they do if he worked with their enemies in the future?


 In the current situation, Heavenly Court had to repair fate Gu, Fang Yuan wanted to deal with Heavenly Court, he needed a large amount of low ranked immortal materials, this was a great chance to cooperate with him!


 Just like Fang Yuan said, this was a chance for both Shen clan and himself.


 Both sides had their own needs.


 Of course there were still many concerns, working with a demon like Fang Yuan was indeed very risky.


 For example, if he goes back on his word in the future, he would still be free to do as he pleased, nobody including Heavenly Court could do anything about it, what could Shen clan possibly do with him?


 Moreover, it is impossible to make an alliance agreement here, both sides lacked a basis for trust.


 But in reality, even if there was an agreement, could they not break it themselves?


 What if Fang Yuan goes back on his word in the future?


 As long as they cooperated and achieved mutual benefits, why would Fang Yuan decide to turn on them?


 Risk was definitely present, but how could anything in the world contain no risk?


 Risk was secondary, profit was the main thing.


 Shen Cong Sheng would not want anything that was high risk with low returns. But when the risk was great and the reward was also great, Shen Cong Sheng would never let it go!


 The thing that Shen Cong Sheng appreciated the most was not Fang Yuan’s battle strength, but his decision to share the mission with Miao Ming Shen, and even with himself.


 From this, Shen Cong Sheng could tell that Fang Yuan was different from ordinary demonic path Gu Immortals! He was rational, he had the ability to think and act like the righteous path.


 Pondering for a long time, Shen Cong Sheng nodded slowly with a solemn expression: "This is a chance, for both you and me. Hehehe, fine, why not take a gamble? In the future, if one remains stagnant, they will fall off. If Ancestor Shen Shang regains his senses, I will definitely try to persuade him to stop attacking you."


 "These are all the low ranked immortal materials that I currently have, please accept them." Shen Cong Sheng displayed his sincerity once again.


 Fang Yuan kept them all into his immortal aperture, he had stopped using daybreak sword, he slowly retreated: "Good! I’m going down to retrieve the underwater formation."


 Retrieving the underwater formation was a lot of work for Fang Yuan, but in the end, he succeeded.


 Fang Yuan stabbed and injured Shen Shang, although the white-gold pillar of light did not stop it, the daybreak swords still caused damage to the pillar, thus damaging the underwater formation.


 The underwater formation was already only forty percent left, Shen Shang had broken out of it, which caused a huge opening, in Fang Yuan’s eyes, it was full of cracks that he could target.


 If he continued to fight, before Shen Shang dies, the underwater formation would probably collapse first.


 Once it collapses, it was very likely to implicate the Immortal Gu inside. Fang Yuan could not control which Immortal Gu would be injured or destroyed, but if regret Gu gets destroyed, Fang Yuan’s plans would be severely thwarted.


 This was also one of the reasons why Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng had joined forces.


 The formation was taken away by Fang Yuan, the white-gold pillar that extended towards the sky dissipated, while Shen Shang regained his freedom.


 "Ancestor." Shen Cong Sheng shouted while retreating.


 Fang Yuan manipulated Myriad Year Flying Warship and cautiously retreated.


 Shen Shang was still shrieking, fallen into a state of insanity, there was not the slightest sign of awakening.


 "Shen Cong Sheng, do you need me to lend a hand?" Fang Yuan asked.


 "No need." Shen Cong Sheng stared at Shen Cong Sheng, unable to figure out what state or condition he was in, there was nothing he could do: "We’d better wait until ancestor awakens on his own."


 "Fine." Fang Yuan said as he controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship, moving further away.


 Just at this moment, Shen Shang suddenly moved, his body was like an arrow, flying away.


 "Ancestor!" Shen Cong Sheng cried out and chased after him.


 Fang Yuan likewise maneuvered Myriad Year Flying Warship to chase after him.


 But Shen Shang was extremely fast, Myriad Year Flying Warship was only a little bit faster.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to use Myriad Year Flying Warship to directly stop Shen Shang. Because of this, Shen Shang managed to fly out of regret crying sea.


 Shen Cong Sheng and Fang Yuan wanted to continue their pursuit, but they were stopped by an invisible barrier.


 "Damn it!" Shen Cong Sheng’s face was livid, he almost cursed out loud.


 This was the method of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, which he had already experienced before, it prevented the foreign Gu Immortals from running around, so every mission had a certain limitation on where they could go.


 This constraint did not take effect on Shen Shang, but it obstructed Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng.


 The two of them could only watch as Shen Shang flew away in a blur, eventually turning into a small black dot in the sky.


 "It looks like he won’t come back." Fang Yuan sighed.


 Shen Cong Sheng looked stiff and watched for a long time before finally regaining his usual demeanor. He turned to Fang Yuan and forced a smile: "In that case, let’s go back first."


 Fang Yuan consoled, "Brother Shen, there is no need to be overly concerned, although your ancestor escaped, he cannot leave Dragon Whale Paradise. If he comes to his senses, he will definitely try to contact you by all means. If he is still insane, that would be even easier for us. The Merit Obelisk will not watch him endanger the environment and people, there will surely be more missions to come, just like this one, to kill your Ancestor Shen Shang."


 Fang Yuan’s words were reasonable, Shen Cong Sheng listened and nodded repeatedly, the look on his face eased a little.


 Under the Merit Obelisk, the atmosphere was tense and heavy.


 Two groups of people were distinctly separated.


 One group consisted of Miao Ming Shen, Zeng Luo Zi, Tu Tou Tuo, and the rest.


 The other group consisted of the Shen clan members, with Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua around.


 "I wonder what’s going on in regret crying sea..."


 "Yeah, that is Fang Yuan after all. This demon has defeated Heavenly Court time and again, he is really scary."


 "My clan has two rank eight Gu Immortals that can help out each other. Especially with Ancestor Shen Shang here, Fang Yuan isn’t anything to fear."


 "Don’t forget, the reason why Fang Yuan was able to defeat Heavenly Court was because they were in the River of Time."


 "But our first supreme elder is also restricted by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, so he can’t fight Fang Yuan anyway."


 "Sigh..."


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals whispered, while Miao Ming Shen’s group remained silent.


 They were eager to teleport back and see how the battle progressed, but they were afraid that as soon as they teleported over, they would be affected by the horrific aftermath of the battle, and they might get caught up in it and die a terrible death.


 No one was willing to take a foolish risk, so they were all here anxiously waiting for the results of the battle.


 Two white lights flashed as Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng appeared together.


 "They’re back!"


 "Why don’t we see Ancestor Shen Shang?"


 "Fang Yuan is still alive, damn it!"


 The immortals’ thoughts were shaking as their expressions changed.


 "Hehehe, Fang Yuan, thanks to this information of yours, it will save me a lot of time and effort." Shen Cong Sheng exclaimed.


 Fang Yuan smiled and waved his hand: "This is my sincerity. As I said, it will be a win-win situation if you and I cooperate."


 The group of immortals were shocked again and became dumbfounded.


 What the heck was this!


 You two were just fighting each other earlier! Why were you suddenly on good terms?


 What actually happened?


 Where was Ancestor Shen Shang?


 The Gu Immortals could not help but feel startled and amazed.


 Shen Cong Sheng laughed: "I have reached an agreement with Fang Yuan to cooperate for now. Take out all the immortal materials you have on you."


 "What?" The Shen clan Gu Immortals were dumbfounded.


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded his head and emphasized: "This is the agreement we made, transfer all your rank six and seven immortal materials to him now."


 "First supreme elder, this..." The immortals looked at each other.


 Shen Cong Sheng showed a solemn expression and said in a deep voice: "This is an order!"


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals were speechless.


 What has happened?!


 Oh great first supreme elder, what in the world are you thinking?


 They were simply wondering if the first supreme elder in front of them had been controlled by Fang Yuan!


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals dawdled before finally taking out their respective immortal materials and handed them over to Fang Yuan on the spot.


 Fang Yuan smiled and received them one by one.


 He knew that the Shen clan Gu Immortals would definitely not hand over all the immortal materials, but it did not matter, the materials that Fang Yuan needed for his refinement had been mostly obtained already.


 After Shen clan’s Gu Immortals had finished handing them over, Shen Cong Sheng looked at Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua.


 "Us too?" Ren Xiu Ping could not believe it as his expression turned livid.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s gaze was cold as he nodded: "Shen clan will reward you for this."


 Ren Xiu Ping almost cursed out loud.


 Your Shen clan is cooperating with Fang Yuan, what does that have to do with me?!


 I came to join your force but you treated me like this. This is just too...


 Shen Cong Sheng saw Ren Xiu Ping’s hesitation and smiled slightly: "Do you still not believe in me, even if you don’t trust me, my Shen clan’s credibility is not worth your trust?"


 "Lord, please forgive me, of course I believe you. It was just that I could not react in time." Ren Xiu Ping laughed and endured the pain while transferring most of his immortal materials to Fang Yuan.


 Tong Hua had an extremely ugly expression but she had no choice but to follow him.



***
Chapter 1911 Negative Merit Points


***





 



 Seeing that Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua were not spared as they handed their immortal materials to Fang Yuan, Miao Ming Shen and the rest became worried.


 If Fang Yuan extorted them too, what would they do?


 Reject him?


 That was likely impossible.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest could not stay in Dragon Whale Paradise forever, they needed to return to Eastern Sea.


 Even though it was unreasonable for Fang Yuan to take immortal materials from them, it was basically extortion, but for the sake of their future, Miao Ming Shen and the rest still had to lower their heads.


 In this world, strength was the major deciding factor, followed by logic.


 Just as Miao Ming Shen and the rest prepared themselves mentally, Fang Yuan ignored them as he looked towards the Merit Obelisk.


 Shen Cong Sheng had also seemingly forgotten about Miao Ming Shen’s group.


 Only Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua looked towards Miao Ming Shen’s group, the former had deep hatred while the latter had a complex emotion.


 Fang Yuan looked at the Merit Obelisk.


 Undeniably, he had completely failed in this mission to exterminate the demonic immortal Shen Shang.


 This mission had vanished on the Merit Obelisk, not only that, Fang Yuan even found that a lot of merit points got deducted.


 The others were not spared, they had all lost their merit points too.


 "First supreme elder, your merit points!" Shen clan’s Gu Immortal shouted.


 Shen Cong Sheng had an ashen and solemn expression.


 He had lost the most merit points, even surpassing Fang Yuan’s losses.


 Even though Fang Yuan fell from his first place position, he still had single digit merit points. Meanwhile, Shen Cong Sheng had negative merit points!


 This situation surprised Fang Yuan as well. After all, this did not happen in his previous life.


 "Brother Shen, it seems that the Merit Obelisk punished you the most because you attacked the underwater formation and released Shen Shang. Meanwhile, I did not work properly and even took away the underwater formation, that’s why I lost merit points as well." Fang Yuan analyzed.


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he showed some anxiety: "I just received information from the Merit Obelisk, I need to get a positive amount of merit points in ten days. Otherwise, I will be kicked out of the Dragon Whale Paradise, I will not be allowed to enter again."


 Fang Yuan had a thought, with his wisdom path attainment, he quickly analyzed the hidden information behind this.


 "It seems that Dragon Whale Paradise can be explored repeatedly. We can still return? But how do we find it?"


 The biggest problem was finding Dragon Whale Paradise’s location in time.


 Fang Yuan took a glance at Miao Ming Shen.


 "Miao Ming Shen is able to sense the blue dragon whale and enter it, is this the qualification needed?"


 Long ago, Fang Yuan had made some deductions.


 Miao Ming Shen’s ability to sense the blue dragon whale was very mysterious, Fang Yuan could not tell what it was.


 With Fang Yuan’s knowledge and attainment level in many paths, he could tell that even though Miao Ming Shen cultivated space path, the method he used was not.


 This was very strange.


 Precisely because it was too strange, Fang Yuan was wary and did not capture Miao Ming Shen to interrogate him about this method.


 All sorts of clues pointed out that this method was not his own creation but originated from Dragon Whale Paradise itself, it came from the Merit Obelisk.


 Shen Cong Sheng looked at his merit points, he frowned that the glaring number, he walked towards the Merit Obelisk: "Fang Yuan, I don’t have much time, I can’t talk anymore."


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Go ahead, Brother Shen. If you need help, leave an information path Gu worm at the obelisk and I will definitely help."


 Seeing the two being so friendly, the immortals behind them had weird expressions.


 Shen Cong Sheng was a righteous path leader, while Fang Yuan was a publicly recognized demon in the five regions, was it okay for the two of them to have such a good relationship?


 Shen Cong Sheng heard Fang Yuan’s words and smiled at him.


 He believed Fang Yuan’s sincerity, but he believed that the price to get Fang Yuan’s help would be extremely high.


 Thus, if he could resolve the problem, he would rather do it himself.


 Shen Cong Sheng quickly accepted a mid-sized mission and left.


 In Shen Cong Sheng’s case, this type of mission was the most efficient in earning merit points.


 Fang Yuan was the second to walk to the Merit Obelisk.


 He continued to choose a large sized mission.


 "Hmm? A large sized mission to reclaim Immortal Gu..." At the next moment, he found a brand new mission on the Merit Obelisk.


 This mission requested him to take back Immortal Gu, they were the ones that he took after dismantling the underwater formation.


 Fang Yuan looked at the content of this mission closely.


 This mission had a lot of details, it described the amount that each Immortal Gu was worth in points.


 Fang Yuan counted the numbers, it was exactly what he had gained.


 Next, he browsed through it, he found that this mission was basically created for him personally by the Merit Obelisk.


 The truth was, earlier when Fang Yuan dismantled the formation, he had not checked through these Immortal Gu. Now with this mission, he could learn about their details without having to experiment personally.


 From this, Fang Yuan learned that he gained three rank eight Immortal Gu, rank seven were in the highest quantity, and a good number of rank six Immortal Gu.


 Each Immortal Gu had a huge resale value, even the lowest rank six Immortal Gu was worth ten thousand merit points.


 The immortals behind him went into waves of gasps.


 They also saw the mission on the Merit Obelisk.


 At once, all of them had varying expressions, they were filled with envy and jealous that could not be concealed.


 With this exchange rate, Fang Yuan only needed to contribute one rank six Immortal Gu to get at least ten thousand merit points. This was a huge amount, much more than what Fang Yuan had accumulated earlier!


 It was absurd.


 Earlier when manipulating the refinement path formation, they put in effort. After the battle started, they avoided the aftermath of their conflict and expended a lot of immortal essences while feeling great fear.


 This mission to kill the demonic immortal failed, they did not gain anything.


 But look at Fang Yuan!


 He gained a huge number of Immortal Gu, if he exchanged them for merit points, the sum would be unthinkable.


 Comparison created jealousy.


 These immortals felt horrible, they were indignant and even angry but were not brave enough to act brazenly in front of the great demon Fang Yuan.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were still fine, but Shen clan’s Gu Immortals, Ren Xiu Ping, and Tong Hua felt even worse!


 After all, the other party had only lost immortal essence.


 But they had even lost most of their immortal materials.


 This situation was too bizarre!


 Not only were there no gains, they even had to expend their own resources, this was truly a terrible feeling.


 Fang Yuan did not want to give up a single Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu were unique, such opportunities seldom knock twice.


 If he needed merit points, he could simply earn them, why would he give up on his precious Immortal Gu for such petty gains.


 Most of these Immortal Gu were earth path, for ordinary Gu Immortals, they would definitely sell those that were not their own path, Immortal Gu required resources to feed after all.


 But Fang Yuan was different.


 He cultivated all paths, earth path suited him well. Furthermore, he recently gained a lot in earth path attainment level, he wondered, should he use these Immortal Gu to form a third Immortal Gu House?



***
Chapter 1912 Refining Immortal Gu


***





 



 Earlier, Fang Yuan already had a grand plan to build three Immortal Gu Houses.


 Right now, he had already created Myriad Year Flying Warship and Cooking Luck Pot, the final Immortal Gu House was not created yet.


 Even though he obtained Divine Bean Palace and Dragon Palace during this period of time, these Immortal Gu Houses were used by his clones, they were necessary for his plans in the future, he could not use them personally to fight enemies.


 And most importantly, Divine Bean Palace and Dragon Palace were not suited for his needs.


 In Fang Yuan’s plan, he needed an Immortal Gu House that focused on defense.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship specialized in speed, it made up for Fang Yuan’s weakness in movement, it was also crucial for fighting inside the River of Time.


 Cooking Luck Pot was designed before Qin Ding Ling appeared, Fang Yuan planned to use it to suppress Heavenly Court’s weaker luck, to expand his own advantage.


 The final third Immortal Gu House was meant for defense and healing. During the battle of fate Gu, there would definitely be intense fights and little time for recovery. Fang Yuan needed a powerful defensive Immortal Gu House in the battlefield so that he could gain precious time to heal himself.


 This Immortal Gu House had to be able to resist even venerable methods to an extent!


 "Earth path is sturdy, it excels in defense to begin with. I will use these earth path Immortal Gu to create my third Immortal Gu House, that will be perfect." Fang Yuan thought about it and made up his mind.


 Fang Yuan had no idea now that clone Wu Shuai already obtained a method to create an earth path Immortal Gu House from his dream realm exploration.


 This Immortal Gu House was called Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, it suited his requirements.


 However, Fang Yuan and his clones had shared attainment but not linked memories, they needed to communicate to gain each other’s memories.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan accepted a large sized mission to combine two sea areas.


 "Who wants to come with me?" Fang Yuan did not rush, he turned around and asked.


 The immortals looked at each other.


 "Me." Miao Ming Shen was the first to react and step forward.


 Behind him, Gui Qi Ye and the rest also followed.


 "What about you?" Fang Yuan looked at the Shen clan Gu Immortals.


 The Shen clan Gu Immortals were dumbfounded.


 They had just turned on Fang Yuan earlier, they could not adjust their mindsets so quickly in this period of time.


 Shen clan’s Gu Immortals were not like Miao Ming Shen’s group, the latter had experienced the benefits of working with Fang Yuan. In their first cooperation with Fang Yuan, it ended up as a failure.


 Shen Xiao shook his head: "Thank you for the offer lord, we would like to look around first."


 Shen Xiao rejected Fang Yuan politely, the other Shen clan Gu Immortal did not object to his statement.


 Fang Yuan did not mind it, he smiled towards the last two people, asking: "Ren Xiu Ping? Tong Hua? What about you?"


 Ren Xiu Ping had a grim expression, he did not speak, only shaking his head.


 Tong Hua was currently startled and did not dare to say or do anything.


 Fang Yuan expected them to act like this from the start. After all, he had just taken their immortal materials.


 This showed Shen Cong Sheng’s political ability as well.


 Shen Cong Sheng ordered Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua to give their immortal materials to Fang Yuan, it seemed to have ruined their relationship, but the truth was, it made them helpless to do anything but stay with Shen clan.


 In fact, they would even want to stay with Shen clan after leaving Dragon Whale Paradise to replenish their loss of immortal materials.


 At the same time, this was a way for Shen Cong Sheng to suppress Tong Hua and Ren Xiu Ping. It made them realize who was calling the shots. Within Dragon Whale Paradise, they had to obey Shen clan, even after they leave, they still had to listen to Shen clan! After joining my Shen clan’s boat, they still wanted to leave? Hehe, life was not that easy.


 Fang Yuan knew Shen Cong Sheng’s scheme, but he did not say anything.


 With or without Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, it did not matter, Fang Yuan’s core benefits were untouched.


 The five regional walls were still around, but the super forces were already starting to gather members and accumulate strength. Fang clan took in Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, Shen clan took in Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, was there anything weird? Longevity Heaven was even more overbearing, it united the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, using the Huang Jin super forces to take in all of Northern Plains’ lone and demonic immortals.


 As for Central Continent, they achieved it long ago. The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were subsidiaries of Heavenly Court, while most Gu Immortals or super forces were attached to the ten great ancient sects, controlled and kept under their watch.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan brought Miao Ming Shen’s group to the mission’s location.


 Floating in the sky, they looked down.


 The Immortals saw these two sea areas, one blue and one green, with the blue sea towering high and the green sea hanging low. A large amount of seawater fell from the blue sea and rolled down into the green sea.


 The seawater in both seas could not mix together, at the place where they met, the blue and green seawater touched each other, emitting a sneering sound, as a huge amount of clouds rose endlessly.


 At the area where the two seas intersected, fish and insects were absent, this was almost a desolate place.


 It was obvious that there was a major ecological problem.


 Fang Yuan sighed: "It’s not simple to combine the two sea areas, it is necessary to take into account all the different aspects. We might as well explore and gather information individually. After that, we will assemble and discuss a plan."


 Miao Ming Shen nodded: "That is reasonable."


 Fang Yuan looked at Miao Ming Shen and smiled at him.


 Although his own identity was exposed, Miao Ming Shen still cooperated with him. He was able to swiftly change his attitude and continued to follow Fang Yuan’s orders, this showed that he was something with great mental fortitude.


 The immortals scattered and flew around the place, doing their investigations.


 Fang Yuan was the only one who remained at the same place, using investigative methods while dividing his attention to look into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 His greatest gain this time was regret Gu.


 In his last life, he had followed the design of Regret Pool to use regret Gu as the core and create a refinement path Gu formation.


 This life, however, did not need to be so troublesome. Fang Yuan had annexed the entire Lang Ya blessed land and possessed the extremely useful Long Hair refinement path formation, all he had to do now was to add regret Gu into this formation.


 The formation certainly needed to be adjusted, Fang Yuan had already deduced it in advance.


 At the moment, he only had to watch as regret Gu was placed in the vacant core position.


 "Lord, Fang Yuan is a current generation demon, aren’t we a little too close to him?" In the process of detection, Gui Qi Ye took the initiative to fly to the side of Miao Ming Shen, looking worried.


 Miao Ming Shen patted Gui Qi Ye’s shoulder: "Old Gui, you want to ask me why I treated Fang Yuan in this manner, almost acting like his subordinate, right?"


 Gui Qi Ye smiled in embarrassment: "Lord, you are very perceptive."


 Miao Ming Shen’s face was slightly solemn and he sighed: "I am left with no other choice. This is my first time entering Dragon Whale Paradise but there was a mishap. Shen clan discovered this place, do you think they will let this precious land go and allow us to come and explore it again in the future?"


 "According to the nature of super forces, they will want to keep it all to themselves!" Gui Qi Ye said with certainty.


 "Precisely." Miao Ming Shen’s eyes shined brightly: "We will definitely be suppressed and forced to surrender by Shen clan once we go out. If we do not surrender, we will be annihilated. But now we have a choice besides submitting to Shen clan."


 "You refer to... Fang Yuan? I see, lord has great foresight, I am too foolish." Gui Qi Ye suddenly realized.


 As lone immortals who knew such a precious place like the Dragon Whale Paradise, Shen clan would definitely take action against them in the future. Ren Xiu Ping alone was a strong enemy, not to mention the super force Shen clan.


 Miao Ming Shen chose to be close to Fang Yuan in order to use his prestige as a shield and try to preserve the freedom of being a lone immortal.


 When Shen clan decides to take action against them, they would have to take Fang Yuan’s feelings into account.


 In the worst case, he would give up his status as a lone immortal and become the subordinate of either Fang Yuan or Shen clan.


 This meant that he still had some room for planning and was not at a dead end.


 Unlike Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua who had joined Shen clan long ago. Without external pressure, the super force would naturally take advantage of them. Could they refuse to hand over the immortal materials when Shen Cong Sheng asked them to do so? Did they dare to refuse?


 By the time the group of immortals reached Fang Yuan, he had already finished arranging regret Gu.


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, the hairy man Gu Immortals were ready, they were high in morale as they prepared themselves to refine a large number of Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was organizing and planning the immortal material inventory, before fine-tuning and improving the Immortal Gu recipes according to the immortal materials at hand.


 Fang Yuan needed to do it himself in his previous life, but with the whole of Lang Ya Sect helping him in this life, there was almost no need for him to intervene.


 Thus, he saved a great deal of time.


 With the fate battle getting closer and closer, this time was extremely valuable and precious!



***
Chapter 1913 Flame Cloud Pillar


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The Long Hair refinement path formation buzzed continuously, the fire within the formation raged towards the sky, heat waves were pushing everywhere.


 A rank six Immortal Gu was bathed in fire and light, suspended in midair, its surface gradually melting like wax.


 "Hold steady!" Lang Ya land spirit controlled the formation as he shouted: "Open the inventory, let out the immortal material."


 The hairy man Gu Immortals controlling the other formation cores quickly opened the inventory doors.


 Thus, lumps of dog shit flew out of it slowly.


 These were all immortal materials.


 Some flickered with starlight, seemingly embedded with blue diamonds, they were the faeces of star desolate hounds.


 Some had sharp spikes and looked dangerous, they were the faeces of remnant heavenly dogs.


 And there were pure and clean ones that resembled white jade, they were the excrement of the jade statue white hound.


 Star desolate hound, remnant heavenly dog, and jade statue white hound were ancient desolate beasts.


 The dog shit slowly flew into the fire, melting rapidly in the flames. Some turned into smoke, and some were reduced to liquid.


 The formation activated as three hairy man Gu Immortals took action at once, cooperating to process these dog shit immortal materials.


 First, smoke spread out to surround the rank six Immortal Gu, before liquid started to flow and gather.


 Lang Ya land spirit took charge of the refinement, it was extremely stable during the late stage processes.


 Right when they were about to succeed, when the final portion of immortal material fused into it, an accident occurred. The flame changed color as the incomplete rank seven Immortal Gu within broke apart rapidly.


 Lang Ya land spirit was shocked, he quickly activated the formation.


 The power of regret Gu activated as the color of the flame within the formation returned to normal, not only that, the incomplete rank seven Immortal Gu was also restored to its former state.


 They only lost that last portion of immortal material.


 The Lang Ya hairy men calmed their emotions and continued to refine Gu.


 After less than an hour, the flames inside the formation gradually dissipated, and rank six Immortal Gu within was refined into rank seven.


 Rank seven — Dog Shit Luck!


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were very excited while Lang Ya land spirit was also filled with emotions.


 Originally, they were proud of their refinement path ability. Now with the help of regret Gu, they were simply a dragon flying through the air, their advantage expanded out of control.


 At the same time, in Dragon Whale Paradise.


 Fang Yuan sat on the cloud with Feng Jiang and the rest, watching Miao Ming Shen fly around the place.


 The ecology of the two sea areas had almost been adjusted completely. The final difficulty was that there was still a shattered space between the two seas.


 Miao Ming Shen was trying to get rid of this space, by eliminating it, the two sea areas could finally fuse into one.


 Miao Ming Shen was a space path Gu Immortal, he was specialized in dealing with these shattered spaces.


 Fang Yuan and the rest were free to idle and watch.


 "Oh? Immortal Gu Dog Shit Luck has been advanced successfully. Progress is smooth." Fang Yuan sensed the commotion within the sovereign immortal aperture.


 While his main body was doing the merit missions, three Immortal Gu had already advanced inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Their progress was really fast!


 When ordinary Gu Immortals refine Immortal Gu, they would take years to do so, they would be very nervous and careful with each attempt, the risks were huge.


 But Fang Yuan’s situation was different.


 Lang Ya land spirit, the hairy man Gu Immortals, Long Hair refinement path formation, as well as the abundance of immortal materials, it allowed him to refine Gu with ease.


 The three Immortal Gu that he had refined and advanced were from luck path, he had obtained them from dismantling Cooking Luck Pot.


 Luck path was his focus now.


 The dog shit luck Immortal Gu that he just advanced was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s former vital Gu, it had an incredibly powerful supplementary effect.


 The only problem was that it was stuck at rank six and could not display its power. Now that it was rank seven, it could be used to some extent.


 Fang Yuan had rank eight cultivation level now, his requirement for Immortal Gu also increased, he needed higher ranked Immortal Gu. Rank six was too low, while rank seven was barely good enough, rank eight suited him the most.


 But if Fang Yuan wanted to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu, he would not be able to afford it. The investment needed was too high, and the risks were huge, he was likely to gain nothing.


 After all, he could not ignore the outside world to cultivate, the external environment was very harsh, if he did not stop Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu, his situation would deteriorate even further.


 Currently, rank seven Immortal Gu were still barely usable to him.


 Furthermore, these rank seven luck path Immortal Gu that he refined could be used to construct Cooking Luck Pot. At rank seven, Cooking Luck Pot would be able to affect rank eight.


 "Hah!" Miao Ming Shen suddenly shouted, breaking Fang Yuan’s chain of thoughts.


 Miao Ming Shen flashed with a blue halo, it spread out around him and soothed the shattered space, uniting it until the cracks were restored entirely.


 "Lord has amazing methods!" Feng Jiang and the rest praised.


 At this point, the large sized mission was completed.


 "Outstanding methods, yours are superior to mine." Fang Yuan did not stint on praise. He had space path Immortal Gu and space path methods too, he could even use other paths to mimic the effects of space path.


 But compared to Miao Ming Shen, even if he could achieve the same effect, the cost would be higher.


 After all, experts focused on their own fields, Miao Ming Shen was a space path cultivator, while Fang Yuan barely researched about space path, he made little progress in this path.


 Miao Ming Shen quickly cupped his fists: "Lord is too kind, I am not worthy of such praise."


 Fang Yuan replied with some praise again as everyone went back to the Merit Obelisk.


 In this mission, Fang Yuan gained the most benefits, followed by Miao Ming Shen.


 Fang Yuan’s merit ranking rose to the top again.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest were no longer surprised. They had seen Fang Yuan’s ranking jump up and down like a monkey. He was often in the first and last place.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze focused.


 At this point, the other Gu Immortals were started to accumulate merit points. If Fang Yuan’s ranking fell again, he would not be able to get to the first position so easily again.


 They continued accepting and completing missions.


 Fang Yuan’s merit points soared continuously.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest followed after him the entire time, Fang Yuan used the advantage of cultivating all paths to resolve problems, while Miao Ming Shen and the rest resolved the minor issues for him.


 This cooperation ensured that Fang Yuan remained at the top of the ranking, his status was getting more unmovable.


 Miao Ming Shen and the rest also benefited, they started to break away from Shen clan’s group, becoming the second group on the ranking list.


 The first group was naturally Fang Yuan alone.


 Shen Cong Sheng did not turn to Fang Yuan for help in the end, he got back on track by completing multiple mid-sized missions within the allotted time limit.


 His luck was not bad, he received one or two sound path related missions. As for other missions, even though he cultivated sound path, he had many methods to mimic the effects of other paths.


 Shen Cong Sheng was a rank eight after all, his cultivation level methods were beyond the rest.


 By the time Shen Cong Sheng’s ranking rose to the middle, Fang Yuan’s Cooking Luck Pot was reassembled already.


 Rank seven Cooking Luck Pot.


 A top tier Immortal Gu House that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally created, it had the power to affect rank eight.


 The first thing that Fang Yuan did was to inspect his own luck.


 Boom!


 As if he heard a roar that seemingly resounded in his ears, Fang Yuan looked up and saw a giant flame cloud pillar, burning brightly and rising up into the sky, as if it was trying to hold up heaven and earth.


 His luck was like a giant pillar, flames that were bright-red like blood surged. On the surface of the giant pillar, the end of the many traces of the flame carried a touch of black color in it.


 "My strength is rank eight, my battle strength rivals Duke Long, I also have countless Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu Houses, and killer moves, so my luck is grand and vast."


 "Blood-red flame means slaughter. The black color at the ends of the flame means a deadly situation. The deadly black qi has corrupted the surface of the pillar, it is trying to get in, this means that my death threat is coming from an external source. It must be Heavenly Court."


 "Heavenly Court has yet to repair fate Gu, once they succeed, the black death qi will definitely expand by several times, it will eventually corrupt my entire luck pillar."


 Fang Yuan looked again, within the huge pillar, there were countless faint phantom images flickering continuously.


 At times, he saw a red lotus, a white crane, a beast phantom, or a lump of soil...


 Fang Yuan wanted to investigate deeper but he saw that his vision turned blur.


 Immediately, his body shook and his throat felt wet, he almost spit out blood uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan rapidly healed himself and looked above him, he saw that Cooking Luck Pot was floating quietly, there was a vast amount of luck inside while a crack had formed on the surface of the pot, luck was leaking towards the outside.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly to himself internally.


 His luck was too strong, even though this was rank seven Cooking Luck Pot, he could only barely see his luck.


 After he looked at it for a long time, he would suffer backlash and Cooking Luck Pot would also be damaged.


 The newly created Cooking Luck Pot needed to be fixed now. The crack was huge, the damage was severe, if left unattended, the crack would get larger and larger, he had to fix it immediately.


 After checking his luck, Fang Yuan was both happy and worried.


 He was happy that his luck was good, this was not strange, he had immense foundation, as well as methods in luck path.


 The worry was that his hidden threat had started to appear, if he did not stop fate Gu from recovering, Fang Yuan’s crisis would become more dangerous. And because the fire pillar was burning intensely, it also meant that he could not last too long.


 These types of burning luck often meant that the Gu Immortal was unrivaled in a short period of time, but it could not last long. After the pillar stops burning, his luck would fall into a period of weakness.


 But that was in the future.


 Fang Yuan made some deductions, his luck would be maintained at this level at least until Central Continent’s fate Gu battle, it could even be improved further.


 Fang Yuan continued to receive missions, while the refinement path Gu Immortals within the sovereign immortal aperture also started to advance strength path Immortal Gu.


 Missions to eliminate the black fire started to appear on the Merit Obelisk.


 After Shen Shang escaped from regret crying sea, he was still in a state of madness, he unconsciously damaged the surroundings of the places he went to.


 Fang Yuan was very interested in this odd black fire and immediately started to investigate it.


 But he made no progress.


 The black fire was very stubborn, even though it was a small lump, it could transform countless times when attacked, it could last for a long time.


 As missions to clear the black fire appeared, Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng, and the rest started to work together to complete them.


 "Did you notice, this type of mission is getting rarer." On this day, Shen Cong Sheng talked to Fang Yuan while dealing with the black fire.


 "Perhaps your Ancestor Shen Shang is about to regain his senses. With the location of these missions, we should be able to deduce his whereabouts." Fang Yuan analyzed.


 "Indeed." Shen Cong Sheng had an expectant expression.


 Right at this time, a rank eight Gu Immortal flew towards them in the sky.


 Who else could it be but Shen Shang?


 "Ancestor, this is great, you finally regained your senses. I have already negotiated with Fang Yuan, we will work together." Shen Cong Sheng was overjoyed, he quickly went over.


 Shen Shang flew over and nodded towards Fang Yuan, he had a haggard expression, he frowned deeply as he said some shocking things: "The situation is quite troublesome, I have a huge problem. Before I resolve it, I need to be sealed again. Fang Yuan, you are proficient in formation path, I would like you to set up a formation to seal me if necessary."



***
Chapter 1914 Super Mission


***





 



 In the eyes of super forces, there was no such thing as eternal friend or enemy in the world.


 This is the way of survival of super forces.


 If this was not followed, super forces would not last for a long time. Naturally, Shen clan was not such a force, as it had existed even before the era of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and had grown and flourished during Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s time, surviving to this day!


 As an old generation member of Shen Shang, Shen Shang was not opposed to Shen clan and Fang Yuan joining forces, he even felt joyful about it.


 This was because none of the Shen clan members here were a formation path Gu Immortal. If Shen Shang wanted to use a formation to seal himself, he would naturally have to use Fang Yuan’s method.


 Hearing Shen Shang’s words, Shen Cong Sheng had a weird expression. He had gone to great lengths to save his ancestor, but he did not expect that his ancestor would now instead ask to be sealed by a formation again.


 However, the reason for this was completely understood by Shen Cong Sheng, he was now silent as he looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s face turned a little grim: "Shen Shang, although your clan has joined forces with me, the Immortal Gu from the underwater formation already belongs to me. Now you are asking me to use these Immortal Gu and create an immortal formation to seal you... This is quite hard for me to accept."


 Shen Cong Sheng quickly added: "We can negotiate this Fang Yuan. We can even trade Immortal Gu."


 At this point, seeing that Shen Shang had regained his senses, he did not want to give up.


 Fang Yuan shook his head slowly, he had a serious expression: "Shen Cong Sheng, did you forget about the contents of our missions earlier? The mission states that we need to eliminate the demonic immortal within the formation, that is Shen Shang. What does that mean?"


 Fang Yuan paused before continuing: "It means that the Merit Obelisk does not think that Shen Shang will recover, it has decided that his problem is too severe to treat. Even if I create the formation, it will not help him."


 Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he wanted to speak but Shen Shang stopped him.


 Shen Shang smiled towards Fang Yuan: "Fang Yuan, no need to have such concerns. I am not asking you to contribute your Immortal Gu, the Gu worms we will use for the formation are all mine. Look."


 Saying so, he took out an Immortal Gu from his immortal aperture.


 The Immortal Gu was like a silkworm, pale yellow in color, curled up in a ball and not stretched, making it even more exquisite.


 "Shen Cong Sheng may have already explained my situation to you." Shen Shang said to Fang Yuan: "I’m most proficient in healing, and this is the human path Immortal Gu I created back then — Heal Injury. Using this as the core, I later developed a human path killer move called ’saving dead healing injuries’, if the difficulty isn’t too high, I can even revive a dead person on the spot!"


 Fang Yuan looked at the Gu worm in front of him, he felt a little amazed.


 This was a pure human path Immortal Gu, the shocking thing was that this was a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Rank eight human path Immortal Gu!


 Seeing that the immortals were silent, Shen Shang smiled and said again: "Have you found that human path methods are the most effective in dealing with the black fire?"


 Shen Cong Sheng shook his head: "Not yet, but we know that healing killer moves will take effect if we use them on the black fire. But whether we use offensive or healing killer moves on the black fire, there is no difference."


 Shen Shang nodded: "Watch."


 Saying so, a wave of aura burst out of his body.


 Watching him prepare a killer move, the surrounding Gu Immortals quickly retreated with deep alertness.


 After Shen Shang regained his senses, he had no intention of harming anyone, he slowly stretched out his hand, aiming at the black fire in the distance.


 His palm suddenly burst out with a stream of bright yellow light.


 The light stream surged and spiraled forward, it was not fast, but eventually shot into the black fire.


 The black fire only endured the yellow light for a moment before quickly dissipating.


 Shen Shang stopped his killer move and said to the group of immortals: "As you have just seen, this is my killer move, saving dead healing injuries."


 "It’s true that human path killer moves are quite effective against the black fire." Seeing the truth, Fang Yuan immediately nodded his head, acknowledging Shen Shang’s statement.


 "They are indeed." Shen Cong Sheng rejoiced: "The previous underwater formation was an earth path immortal formation, it was difficult to resolve the problem on ancestor. But if you use our ancestor’s human path Immortal Gu, there will be greater hope."


 Fang Yuan, however, did not agree just yet, he gazed at Shen Shang: "You are a human path quasi-supreme grandmaster?"


 Astonishment flashed in Shen Shang’s eyes as he nodded: "That is correct. I didn’t expect that you are also proficient in human path."


 Different professions were different worlds, this was the same for paths.


 Since Fang Yuan could estimate Shen Shang’s human path attainment level, it meant that he also had some level of attainment in it.


 All of the immortals turned their gazes towards Fang Yuan while feeling surprised, they sighed to themselves: This great demon renowned in the world was truly unfathomable!


 Fang Yuan asked: "Do you have the formation chart?"


 Shen Shang showed a helpless smile: "I have a formation chart but it is incomplete, I seem to have created it myself, but I can’t remember the entire thing."


 "What do you mean?" Shen Cong Sheng tensed up.


 Shen Shang sighed deeply: "I’ve lost my memory. Every time I fall into madness, a part of the memories I grasp will disappear. This is why I need to solve the problem in me as soon as possible, if it’s too late, I’m afraid I won’t even know who I am anymore."


 Fang Yuan smiled and said: "Shen Shang, you’re lucky to have met me."


 Shen Shang nodded his head and agreed: "This is indeed my good luck. It is very difficult to set up human path formation that meets my requirements, there are many conditions to do so. Firstly, you need the human path Immortal Gu, secondly, you need to deduce and modify the formation chart, and finally, you need to set up the formation. Setting up the formation requires formation path attainment, deducing and modifying the formation chart requires wisdom path attainment, and because it is a human path immortal formation, it also requires human path attainment."


 "Any other Gu Immortal who specializes in formation path, even with rank eight cultivation, would not be able to satisfy my requirements. But you, Fang Yuan, meet all three of these conditions. So now, I really have to rely on you. Please do help me out!"


 "Fang Yuan, whatever reward you need, feel free to ask, my Shen clan will definitely do our best to satisfy you." Shen Cong Sheng made a solemn commitment.


 Fang Yuan nodded, as soon as Shen Shang said his request to set up the immortal formation, he realized that this was a good opportunity.


 Not only would he be able to obtain a generous amount of immortal materials from Shen clan by just setting up the formation.


 What he cared more about was Shen clan, Shen Cong Sheng, and Shen Shang.


 By cooperating with Shen clan, he could influence the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world even more deeply and affect the situation of the entire world.


 Although Fang Yuan’s human path attainment level was already grandmaster, he still had no clue on how to deal with those human path killer moves of Heavenly Court. It would be a completely different story if Shen Shang were to deal with them.


 Heavenly Court was too powerful and had countless years of accumulation. Fang Yuan was not able to resist them alone, he needed the help of others to work together and fight against this giant.


 Fang Yuan pondered for a moment and said his conditions.


 To the surprise of Shen Shang and Shen Cong Sheng, the conditions Fang Yuan proposed were very relaxed and not harsh at all. Fang Yuan did not have much demand for immortal materials, nor did he ask for Immortal Gu.


 The only condition that had to be fulfilled was the requirement that Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang must take action and become the enemy of Heavenly Court to stop it from repairing fate Gu.


 But in fact, there was no need for Fang Yuan to bring it up, it was already the consensus of all the super forces in the world that they had to prevent the successful restoration of fate Gu!


 Many of the ambitious people in the world were even more worried about fate Gu than Fang Yuan! After all, none of them were otherworldly demons, once Heavenly Court succeeds in their plan, their status and position would be unshakable.


 A few days later, a brand new formation was built at the bottom of the sea.


 Shen Shang entered the formation, with the main formation core controlled by Shen Cong Sheng and assisted by Fang Yuan.


 The formation was slowly activated as a stream of profound white light formed chains that tied Shen Shang like a mummy.


 Shen Shang was silent, sitting in a cross-legged position, soon his entire body was enveloped in a layer of pale white light mist.


 A moment later, the formation came to a halt.


 Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng and the others found nothing, they could not detect a single bit of black fire within Shen Shang’s body at all.


 Shen Shang sighed: "I have searched countless times before, the only time this black fire will appear is when I go mad again."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shimmered uncertainly: "Are you sure that you can’t remember all the things about the black fire?"


 Shen Shang just shook his head.


 Shen Cong Sheng sighed: "In that case, we will have to wait. This mission will be placed here for now, I will send a person specifically to stay behind to guard the formation."


 This arrangement was very reasonable.


 The Gu Immortals were restricted in their range of movement in Dragon Whale Paradise and could not travel in and out of places as they wished. Using the Merit Obelisk’s teleportation ability, as well as the group title, they were able to communicate instantly, and if Shen Shang went mad, they would quickly gather together.


 Those arranged within the formation were bound to be Shen clan’s members, sometimes it was even Shen Cong Sheng himself who went to stay guard.


 With this burden, Shen clan was not Fang Yuan’s match at all in the competition for the merit board ranking.


 Time continued to pass day by day, Fang Yuan’s merit points rose from thousands to tens of thousands, and then from tens of thousands to even higher.


 In the process, he also exchanged for titles from time to time. It was just that the secrets behind many titles were not clear to him either. In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen’s group had not explored it to this extent yet, so Fang Yuan could only guess and make deductions.


 Fortunately, even if his deductions were wrong, the exchanged titles were all of some use.


 Having so many merit points, Fang Yuan did not exchange for any Immortal Gu.


 He did not lack any Immortal Gu, what he lacked were some rare immortal materials.


 There were instances where Fang Yuan spent his merit points to exchange for immortal materials from the Merit Obelisk that would help the hairy man Gu Immortals’ refinement.


 Fang Yuan had a large amount of immortal materials, but there were still some missing among the rarer ones. The Merit Obelisk made up for the last gap in resources.


 By the time Fang Yuan made a new breakthrough, the first super mission appeared.


 "Get rid of the black fire on the heavenly spine?" Fang Yuan was slightly startled: "Why is there still black fire that hasn’t been eliminated?"


 Some time before, missions regarding the black fire had appeared one after another. The immortals completed these missions to clean up Shen Shang’s mess.


 "Could it be that this isn’t left behind by Shen Shang?" There was a sudden flash of realization in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 It was very simple to verify this conjecture, with the aid of the Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan directly teleported to the mission location.


 At the next moment, he was at the top of the clouds, the highest point in the sky.


 There was no wind and the sun was warm.


 "This is?" Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank as he looked up to see countless lumps of black fire burning silently.


 The scale of the black fire was extremely large, as if this was a field of dark clouds in a rainstorm!


 The total amount of black fire that Fang Yuan and the immortals had previously gone to great lengths to annihilate was a minute fraction of the black fire in front of him now.


 "The scale of this black fire is appalling, it cannot have come from Shen Shang. In that case, there was already a hidden black fire problem in Dragon Whale Paradise from the start!"



***
Chapter 1915 Shen Shangs Inheritance


***





 



 The black fire was not burning in the air, it was attached to giant bones.


 The giant bones were milky white and had a sacred aura.


 The giant bones had a main trunk that extended from east to west, it could pierce through heaven and earth, it was like a dragon of the nine heavens that stretched beyond Fang Yuan’s vision. On both sides of the bone, there were countless neatly arranged branching giant bones that extended outwards, as if they were giant ivory tusks.


 The entire skeleton was like the spine and ribs of a giant, singlehandedly holding up the sky!


 "Heavenly spine..." Fang Yuan murmured, the sight before him was imposing, he was underneath the giant bones, being as small as a mosquito.


 These bones were like gnarled trees, and the black fire gathered like clouds, covering most of the bones.


 After evaluating it, Fang Yuan figured out a few details: "This heavenly spine is actually a rank nine bone path immortal material!"


 That alone was incredible.


 The heavenly spine should not be a human bone, which Gu Immortal had such a massive body?


 Since it was not a human bone, it was a beast bone.


 But how could there be such a fierce beast that could reach the level of rank nine?


 It was impossible!


 Rank nine was the level of a venerable, historically, they only appeared in the human race. Throughout history, there were only ten of them, while the rest of the races had rank eight existences at most, there were also immemorial desolate beasts or immemorial desolate plants as well.


 Was it possible that there were rank nine desolate beasts or plants in this world?


 Only such an existence would leave behind such a grade of immortal material after death.


 "Other than that, is it something that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created personally?" Fang Yuan was filled with questions.


 This was very unlikely.


 Because Fang Yuan had already seen through the function of the heavenly spine, its one and only use was to reinforce this Dragon Whale Paradise.


 If Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wanted to reinforce this paradise, he could have used earth path methods, or even sound path methods. These were his expertise, why would he bother to choose bone path?


 "Also, why did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable set it up like this, to specifically reinforce Dragon Whale Paradise? It’s as if Dragon Whale Paradise is very unsafe and could collapse at any moment."


 "But the truth is, the blue dragon whale is a legendary immemorial desolate beast, its strength is near the pinnacle of the world. There are simply very few existences that can threaten it. If something can threaten its life, would there be a point in reinforcing Dragon Whale Paradise?"


 "The biggest question is, why is there such a huge black fire on the back of the heavenly spine?"


 This was clearly not caused by Shen Shang.


 If Shen Shang was able to leak black fire of this scale, how could he still come back alive and volunteer to seal himself?


 "What kind of connection is there between the black fire here and the black fire on Shen Shang’s body?" Fang Yuan kept deducing, and in the process, he saw a branching rib completely melt away in the black fire.


 The black fire was fiercely corroding and constantly destroying the heavenly spine!


 What would happen if the heavenly spine is completely destroyed?


 Fang Yuan did not know, but it was definitely not something good.


 He tried his hand as he manipulated Myriad Year Flying Warship, activating daybreak flying sword to attack the black fire.


 As he expected, the black fire was like a sea, his attack was like throwing stones into the sea, unable to create any difference.


 Fang Yuan tried for a while, but he had no choice but to stop. Even a character like him felt overwhelmed at the moment.


 This was the difficulty of a super mission.


 After pondering for a bit, Fang Yuan left the place, returned to the starting island, he went over to the underwater formation.


 Shen Shang was still conscious, Fang Yuan informed him of the situation at the heavenly spine.


 "Do you have any impressions of this place?" Fang Yuan inquired.


 Shen Shang shook his head in distress: "No recollection of that at all. But it definitely has a connection with my black fire. If I can figure out the mystery of the black fire, I might be able to gain insight on the plan of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, as well as the deepest secrets of Dragon Whale Paradise!"


 At this point, Shen Shang paused: "I want to see it for myself, is that okay?"


 "Of course." Fang Yuan responded immediately. Since he had told Shen Shang about this situation, he was not going to hide it.


 To attempt to complete a super mission, relying on him alone seemed insufficient, he would have to gather the strength of all the Gu Immortals.


 Soon, the group of immortals gathered together as one and arrived at the heavenly spine.


 Seeing the sea of black fire clouds that filled the sky, the group of immortals had a change of expression as they marveled at it.


 The group of immortals tried to exterminate the black fire, but the progress was extremely slight. It seemed that the larger the black fire was, the more difficult it was to eradicate it.


 Among the immortals, only Shen Shang’s human path methods were sufficiently effective, the others were all outmatched by him.


 After the plan to remove the black fire had lasted for several days, Hua Die was the first to give up.


 It was not that she could not take it mentally, but the immortal essence expenditure was too high.


 "This mission is too hard, I suggest we give up." Miao Ming Shen secretly approached Fang Yuan and discussed with him in private.


 Even without him having to say anything, Fang Yuan had already wanted to give up.


 By now, the immortals had done their best but only managed to eliminate a small area of the black fire. And such a scale was not even one-thousandth of the entire black fire.


 "If I were to truly utilize my rank eight battle strength, this would certainly be much more efficient, but the result would still be too poor. Instead, I might as well complete large sized missions one after another, after a few times, I’ll be able to accumulate a large amount of merit points."


 "I’m afraid only a venerable will be able to handle a super mission like this with ease."


 Fang Yuan decided to give up.


 Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang expressed their understanding.


 But they were unwilling to give up, they only let the other Shen clan Gu Immortals follow him.


 Shen Shang said to Fang Yuan: "I still want to explore it further, I will move along the main spine and see if I can find any clue or answer."


 Fang Yuan looked at him deeply, nodding and leaving directly.


 Soon, only Shen Shang and Shen Cong Sheng were left here at the heavenly spine.


 "Take a walk with me." Shen Shang sighed.


 Shen Cong Sheng followed and took the initiative to ask: "Ancestor, you purposely diverted everyone away, did you recall something?"


 Shen Shang shook his head: "I am planning to hand over my human path inheritance to you."


 Shen Cong Sheng was startled, he had an ominous feeling from Shen Shang’s tone as he quickly said: "Ancestor, you need not be in such a hurry. I believe that there will always be a way to resolve the problem in you."


 Shen Shang smiled slightly: "I have not given up hope, but I have to make considerations for our clan. Leaving behind my human path inheritance for the benefit of our clan, it can be considered as me repaying the debt I once owed the clan!"


 Shen Cong Sheng was silent.


 Shen Shang continued: "At the underwater formation, I was not able to pass you my inheritance, after all, it was a formation set up by Fang Yuan himself. But here, it should be safe."


 "I won’t pass my human path Immortal Gu to you, because I still need to use them. What I’m passing on to you is my experience in cultivation, and the various killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes I’ve created."


 Shen Cong Sheng said solemnly: "I will definitely not fail to live up to ancestor’s good intentions."


 Shen Shang smiled bitterly: "My memory is fragmented, what I remember is limited. Let’s start from the very beginning, I used to major in sound path, but then in an accident, I refined heal injury Immortal Gu, from which I saw that hope of human path."


 "In order to convert to human path, I did many things in secret, all of which were against the rules of the righteous path. Our clan defended me and helped to cover up these incidents, but in the end, I couldn’t hide it from Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable."


 "When Lord Paradise Earth found me, I was no match for him, I couldn’t even take a single blow from him. But Lord Paradise Earth didn’t kill me, nor did he imprison me, but instead, because I had spent many years saving lives and helping the injured, he gave me a chance to redeem myself. And he promised me that if I could seize this opportunity, I might even be able to achieve my goal and successfully convert to cultivating human path."


 "And so I came here, I cultivated bitterly in the underwater formation that Lord Paradise Earth had set up."


 "The memories of my non-stop cultivation are completely blurred, I only remember that in the process, I received the help of the undersea formation and repeatedly broke through, progressing steadily."


 "With heal injury Immortal Gu as the foundation, I developed and created saving dead healing injuries, light injuries, heavy injuries, fatal injuries, sensory injuries, seven laborious injuries, and other killer moves."


 "Finally, one day, I created the killer move countless injury marks. From this killer move, I deduced the Immortal Gu recipe of injury mark Immortal Gu."


 "I refined it and replaced my own vital Gu. With this Immortal Gu, any attacks that cause damage to me will be converted into the respective injury marks."


 "The more injury marks I have, the more I can increase the power of mutual injuries killer move. In the battle earlier, Fang Yuan was forced to retreat by me because I used the killer move mutual injuries to cause him to be covered in injury marks."


 "Remember that injury mark Immortal Gu is the core of my human path inheritance, while mutual injuries is my main offensive method."


 Shen Cong Sheng’s heart shook as he listened, the true inheritance of human path created by Shen Shang was so profound that it shook him physically and mentally!


 "Ancestor, this true inheritance that you started has great future prospects, perhaps it might be able to create an entirely new sub-path branching from human path." Shen Cong Sheng praised heartily.


 "Hahaha." Shen Shang laughed proudly as he patted Shen Cong Sheng’s shoulder: "I’m afraid that I won’t be able to. The inheritance is left to you, if you are interested in the future, you can switch to human path. If you have no intention of doing so, just choose a suitable successor."


 Southern Border.


 Virtue Paradise.


 A female immortal dressed in a purple silk robe, ornate and mysterious, came down the mountain step by step.


 Her skin was white as snow and her black hair hung down to her waist, her eyes were like the deep pool, with a sense of sadness shrouding her face. It was Heavenly Court’s leader, the person who had Star Constellation Chessboard, the number one wisdom path great expert in the current world — Fairy Zi Wei!


 At the moment, however, Fairy Zi Wei was covered in a thin layer of sweat and looked haggard, but her eyes were shining and her spirit was high.


 At the foot of the mountain, Lu Wei Yin had been waiting for a long time: "Lady Zi Wei, it seems you’ve reached your goal in this journey."


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "This climb has benefited me a lot. I have already obtained benevolence Gu, thank you for your generosity."


 Lu Wei Yin also smiled: "Lady Zi Wei, it is not to help you, this is for the sake of the world, to maintain the peace of the five regions."


 "But alas, in the current world, demonic immortals are rising. Not to mention Fang Yuan, recently in Western Desert, a blood path rank eight great expert has actually appeared, purposely finding trouble with super forces and repeatedly attacking various resource points. They are acting extremely arrogantly, and the methods are extraordinarily terrifying. The chaos is coming, I only hope that this Virtue Paradise will become an actual paradise safe from the chaos of the world."


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed: "I understand what you mean. In the future, there will be generous rewards for you after the changes in the five regions. Farewell."


 "Goodbye." Lu Wei Yin moved aside and gave way to her departure.



***
Chapter 1916 Ultimate Mission


***





 



 Dragon Whale Paradise.


 At the Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng stood as they looked at the merit board together.


 The super mission regarding the black fire was still around, but tomorrow was the final day of the three hundred days they could stay here.


 Fang Yuan’s merit points stood at the top of the board, he had a huge amount. After he found out about the difficulty of the black fire mission, he chose only large and mid-sized missions to earn his merit points.


 Miao Ming Shen and others worked alongside him and gained an abundant amount of points as well.


 After realizing the difficulty of the super mission, Shen Cong Sheng and others wisely learned from Fang Yuan, now their merit points had also accumulated to a considerable amount.


 "Three hundred days have passed by, it feels like we just arrived here yesterday." Shen Cong Sheng smiled bitterly.


 This was a genuine land of treasures, by completing various missions, the Gu Immortals would be able to directly obtain Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu recipes, and various killer moves. Even a rank eight Gu Immortal like Shen Cong Sheng was attracted to this place and did not want to leave.


 But there was no way, once the time limit was up, they would be kicked out of Dragon Whale Paradise.


 "It’s a pity that this time, we did not explore all the secrets of Dragon Whale Paradise." Fang Yuan sighed with pity.


 There were many more strange things about this Dragon Whale Paradise.


 The black fire was one of them.


 Where did this black fire come from? How could it transform to so many different forms? Why could its path not be discerned? And why were human path methods so effective against it?


 Apart from the black fire, where did the heavenly spine left behind by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable originate? What was the true intent of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable?


 What agreement did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and Shen Shang make back then? Shen Shang cultivated human path in the underwater formation, yet he was somehow tainted by the troublesome black fire.


 Also, apart from Shen Shang alone, Fang Yuan did not see any other Gu Immortals. Were there no Gu Immortals in Dragon Whale Paradise in the first place? And where did the Immortal Gu in the Merit Obelisk come from? If they were all naturally produced, the number was simply too large.


 After a moment of silence, Shen Cong Sheng said: "We’ll have to leave these secrets for the future when we can explore them again. It’s good that we have all exchanged for that title already, so once the blue dragon whale appears in the future, we will be able to sense it and explore it again."


 Fang Yuan nodded his head, this was indeed a good discovery.


 Just as he had deduced before, the reason why Miao Ming Shen was able to discover the exact location of the blue dragon whale was because of a title.


 But it was unknown who had taken this title and quietly transferred it to him.


 Of all the titles provided by the Merit Obelisk, there were very few types of titles that could be transferred.


 There was also another discovery about titles.


 After getting a certain title, the Gu Immortal could teleport to any location within a hundred thousand li radius when they leave Dragon Whale Paradise.


 This was something that Fang Yuan had lied to Miao Ming Shen’s group before, but it existed in reality.


 Right at this time, the words on the Merit Obelisk transformed suddenly.


 Be they small sized missions, mid-sized missions, or large sized missions, even super missions were gone, only one ultimate mission was left.


 Ultimate mission — Leave with the blue dragon whale and successfully return.


 "This is?" Shen Cong Sheng gasped.


 Fang Yuan frowned: "This means that above super missions, there are ultimate missions? This description is so vague, I’m afraid it is much harder than getting rid of the black fire!"


 At this time, there was a new transformation on the Merit Obelisk.


 Shen Cong Sheng stared with wide eyes as he read it: "The mission does not have a time limit, after receiving it, one can stay in the paradise indefinitely. After completing the ultimate mission, one will obtain the qualifications to become the Merit Obelisk Lord and retain their merit points."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he thought to himself: "So Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable made his arrangements already to choose the Merit Obelisk Lord. According to his arrangements, I will be able to become the owner of this rank eight Immortal Gu House. It is a pity, a real pity."


 Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 He had already uncovered a correct method to obtain the Merit Obelisk, but his strength was limited. He could not even complete the super mission, let alone the ultimate mission.


 The ultimate mission was obviously extremely difficult, even a rank eight Gu Immortal would have little hope.


 This was easy to deduce.


 The Gu Immortals that had come to Dragon Whale Paradise were far more than just Fang Yuan’s group. When the previous groups of people came here, some might have chosen to accept this ultimate mission, but the Merit Obelisk was still in an unowned state.


 This meant that no one had ever succeeded!


 There was another reason why Fang Yuan did not intend to accept the mission.


 It was written on the Merit Obelisk that the time limit for this mission was indefinite.


 If it took too long and he waited until he completed the mission before leaving, only to find that Heavenly Court had already completely repaired fate Gu, then what was the point of all this?


 "Sigh..." Shen Cong Sheng let out a breath of air, he also regained his logic, recognizing the risks involved, he was no longer dreaming about it.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm and pointed at the mission on the Merit Obelisk, analyzing it: "Brother Shen, this ultimate mission has given us some extra information. After choosing this mission, the Gu Immortal’s personal merit points will be preserved. This means that those who haven’t accepted it will have all of their remaining merit points cleared as soon as they leave Dragon Whale Paradise."


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded repeatedly, his heart clenched: "I’m afraid that’s it. When we first came here, the merit ranking list was empty."


 As such, the Gu Immortals would have to spend as much of their accumulated merit points as possible.


 But exactly how they would spend it would require some consideration on the part of the Gu Immortals themselves.


 The next day.


 Somewhere in Eastern Sea, three white lights flashed, the three Immortals Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng, and Shen Shang appeared.


 All the Gu Immortals gave up on the ultimate mission and chose to leave.


 However, Miao Ming Shen’s group did not leave with Fang Yuan, they still had reservations towards him.


 Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, on the other hand, left along with the rest of Shen clan’s Gu Immortals. After this, these two Eastern Sea lone immortals were considered to be completely on board and tied to Shen clan’s ship.


 Fang Yuan turned around and looked back, only to see the sky was empty, the sea was calm, there was nothing behind him.


 He did not want to give up on this, so he, along with Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang, kept scouting the surroundings, but found nothing after all.


 "The three of us deliberately chose the location of the blue dragon whale, but where is the blue dragon whale now?"


 "We can stop looking for it, this is the method of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Even though the scene in front of us is very realistic, it might just be an illusion for all we know."


 "Come to speak of it, we have not seen the true appearance of the blue dragon whale until now."


 The three immortals sighed.


 There were really quite many secrets involving the blue dragon whale.


 The blue dragon whale was a legendary immemorial beast that was enlightened by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it gained an immortal aperture and could cultivate, it should have intelligence rivaling ordinary people. But the entire time the Gu Immortals explored the paradise, they had never seen the blue dragon whale initiate contact with them.


 The traces of the blue dragon whale were also very mysterious. When did it appear, how did it disappear, and where did it go in the process? Nobody knew.


 The three Gu Immortals here were unable to find out the truth even after they had personally explored Dragon Whale Paradise.


 Fang Yuan sighed internally, his original plan was to obtain both the blue dragon whale and the Merit Obelisk.


 But the truth was, he had simply been dreaming.


 This was a meticulous arrangement set up by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it had some sort of mysterious purpose. It was like the Crazed Demon Cave in Northern Plains, which was created by Limitless Demon Venerable himself and was also a huge arrangement, Fang Yuan could only stop at the eighth level and could not enter the most important core, the ninth level.


 "Wait, Crazed Demon Cave... crazed demon?" Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought.


 Limitless Demon Venerable created Crazed Demon Cave that had demonic sounds that would cause living beings to go insane. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable also had a black fire in the Dragon Whale Paradise that could cause insanity.


 Was there some sort of relationship?


 "Thinking about it, Dragon Whale Paradise had many insane living beings. For example, the tiger king salamander that I killed..." Fang Yuan pondered.


 These living beings were beyond saving, Fang Yuan could not find out the reason, he could only kill them.


 Other than the absence of black fire, they had nearly the same problem as Shen Shang.


 From this point, it showed how powerful Shen Shang was!


 This person, even with black fire on him, had only gone insane for some time, he relied on his immense human path foundation and dao marks to suppress it and regain his clarity.


 Even Fang Yuan was not confident in achieving this.


 He knew that even though he had many dao marks, they were not of human path.


 "Currently speaking, Shen Shang is likely the number one person in the five regions when it comes to human path! Even that Old Man Zheng Yuan in Heavenly Court cannot compare to him."


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan inevitably considered the fact that the fate battle was not far away. It was likely that Shen Shang could cause some trouble to Heavenly Court in battle.


 The three immortals could not detect the blue dragon whale and decided to bid each other farewell.


 They all had significant gains from their expedition to the Dragon Whale Paradise. But the one who gained the most was undoubtedly Fang Yuan.


 While alone, Fang Yuan transformed back into the appearance of Qi Sea Ancestor and returned to qi sea under concealment.


 The large formation in the depths of qi sea was still in operation, and in the formation, he met Wu Shuai, who was guarding the place.


 Wu Shuai had gone to Southern Border in order to trade dream realms with Chi clan. Chi Qu You saw the opportunity and raised the price, Wu Shuai thought of the big picture and did not want to accept Chi Qu You’s price, he planned to settle the score after everything was over.


 But to think that Wu Yong found out about the loss of the dream realms. He became enraged, he went to Chi Qu You for a discussion.


 Chi Qu You naturally denied all accusations, he refused to admit his involvement.


 But after this warning, Chi Qu You had to stop and temporarily end the dream realm transactions.


 Wu Shuai had no choice but to return to Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan met with Wu Shuai and learned about the current situation of the world.


 It was quite bad.


 In Southern Border, Wu Yong’s influence was growing. Because of the mysterious disappearance of the dream realms, Chi Qu You faced much suspicion. Wu Yong used this chance to consolidate his influence over the entire Southern Alliance.


 In Western Desert, however, the clone Fang Di Chang, who Fang Yuan was placing much hopes on, was currently facing a tough predicament.


 After he allied with several super forces to repel Heavenly Court, a blood path great expert appeared in Western Desert, he caused chaos everywhere. He seemed to hate super forces, Fang clan became one of his victims.


 Other than this, an immemorial desolate beast started to cause havoc in Fang clan’s ice-fire desert.


 This immemorial desolate beast was very crafty, Fang clan failed many attempts to capture or kill it.


 As for Profound Literature grotto-heaven, Li Xiao Bai was having smooth progress.


 In Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, Zhan Bu Du was facing a huge problem, his life was at risk.



***
Chapter 1917 I Am Your Father


***





 



 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 The sky could not be seen for the last few months, the entire grotto-heaven was covered in black poisonous smoke.


 The poisonous smoke covered the entire sky and rumbled continuously, occasionally turned into dragon shapes that rampaged and caused destruction to the world.


 Within Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, there were anguished cries, the future was bleak.


 Star Collection City was the largest city in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it was also now the largest gathering spot of all of humanity here.


 The walls of Star Collection City towered high, there were many towers within the city.


 Zhan Bu Du was standing on the highest tower, looking up at the rumbling poisonous smoke in the sky.


 He looked exhausted and was bruised all over.


 Behind him, a female Beast Warrior was healing his wounds.


 "My main body has adjusted the speed of time flow in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven to become too fast, it caused frequent tribulations to descend. In this grotto-heaven, any calamity or tribulation will turn into a beast calamity. However, before the former beast calamity is annihilated, the new one will arrive. These beast calamities are spread all over the place, taking the attention of all the Gu Immortals in the grotto-heaven. After gradually accumulating, they all merged together and became the monsters they are today! Sigh... this time, my main body has made a mistake."


 Zhan Bu Du’s brows were locked in worry.


 The Combat Beast Warrior who was treating his wounds advised: "Little Du, you’d better rest. You just fought a fierce battle for three consecutive days and nights without sleep. If this continues, no matter how tough your body is, you won’t be able to survive."


 Zhan Bu Du sighed deeply: "I am now the strongest Combat Beast Warrior here, I must fight to the best of my ability. If I am on the battlefield, fewer people will be sacrificed!"


 "Little Du, you’ve done well enough. If you hadn’t sensed something was wrong and informed everyone beforehand, we would not have had the major cities gather their civilians in advance. In that case, there would definitely be deaths and injuries. You are truly worthy of being our savior, you saved the lives of hundreds of thousands of people." The Combat Beast Warrior said.


 Even though she was a senior Combat Beast Warrior, she felt deep appreciation and admiration towards this junior Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du had managed to gain the recognition of everyone in this grotto-heaven during this period. Not only was it because of his high battle strength, but more crucially, his love for civilians, his selfless sacrifice, and his repeated battles on the front lines.


 Right now, Zhan Bu Du was a great hero, he was a role model and the idol of all the commoners.


 But in reality, Zhan Bu Du was only trying his best to preserve his possessions. Whether it was him or Fang Yuan, they had already regarded Beast Calamity grotto-heaven as their own property.


 Although Beast Calamity grotto-heaven had preserved most of its vitality because of Zhan Bu Du’s timely warning, the things that had been lost were still enough for Zhan Bu Du to feel distress.


 "Here we go again!" Zhan Bu Du looked tense suddenly.


 The Beast Warriors around him also tensed up and looked up at the sky at once.


 Only to see that in the sky, poisonous smoke fiercely swirled and roared like a dragon, a giant dragon made of poisonous smoke descended.


 The dragon’s body was so huge that it stretched for eight hundred feet, and the dragon head was like a small mountain, ruthlessly crashing into Star Collection City on the ground.


 Once it hit, half of Star Collection City would be instantly destroyed, and after the poisonous smoke spread, more than a hundred thousand people would die.


 Of course, Zhan Bu Du would not allow this to happen.


 With an eagle’s cry, an arrow-tailed eagle flew out of his immortal aperture.


 Combat Beast Warrior transformation!


 In an instant, he transformed into an eagle-headed person, fiercely flapped his wings as he flew high into the air.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Zhan Bu Du attacked madly, sending out countless wind blades that were extremely sharp and fierce like a storm.


 Hundreds and thousands of giant wind blades hit the dragon head, the poisonous smoke dragon head lasted for a moment before collapsing.


 "It’s Little Du."


 "He helped us again."


 "Worthy of Little Du."


 The Combat Beast Warriors reacted one after another, expressing praises.


 The civilians located in various parts of Star Collection City, upon seeing this scene, shouted "World Savior Zhan Bu Du", and soon, such voices quickly spread! All over the city, commotions were rising, filling the entire Star Collection City with frenzied cheers.


 Zhan Bu Du did not relax but looked up into the sky vigilantly, shouting: "Attention everyone, another wave of attack is coming."


 Poisonous smoke surged and more than a dozen poisonous smoke dragons suddenly appeared, rushing towards Star Collection City.


 The people’s cheering came to an abrupt halt.


 The Combat Beast Warriors were instantly pale as paper.


 In the past, the attack was at most three to five poisonous smoke dragons, but now the number had multiplied fivefold, and it was simply not something they could resist.


 "Is this going to be the end of us?"


 "Damn it!"


 "I don’t want to die!"


 Just at the critical moment, the Star Snail Hall suddenly surged with a blinding starlight, and then a giant suddenly appeared and established itself on the battlefield.


 The people were overjoyed, Zhan Bu Du also pretended to be extremely surprised, but in his mind he already knew: "The old fellow is finally willing to take action."


 This was the current generation Combat Beast King, using the corpse of the Star Sea Snail to transform, he had the highest battle strength in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven and was also the final trump card.


 When Fang Yuan had transformed into a bull-headed demon god, he had also fought with the Combat Beast King.


 The giant was clad in heavy armor and kept punching, fist shadows shot out violently, like meteors rushing into the sky.


 The meteors hit the poisonous smoke dragon heads with extraordinary effect. Several poisonous smoke dragon heads were destroyed on the spot, the momentum of the poisonous smoke dragon heads was ruthlessly stalled, which gave some crucial time for the other Combat Beast Warriors.


 Next, the giant’s feet stomped on the ground and its hands supported the sky, a hemispherical curtain of starlight rose up, enveloping the city.


 The poisonous smoke dragons were temporarily blocked out by the giant curtain of starlight, one by one the Combat Beast Warriors were enveloped in a layer of blue light, floating out and engaging the poisonous smoke dragons fiercely in battle.


 The Combat Beast Warriors were merely flesh and blood, they were quickly at a disadvantage.


 The poisonous smoke giant dragons kept on coming, no matter how many of them were blown up, there would be new poisonous smoke giant dragons produced.


 "If this continues, I’m afraid that today will be the day Star Collection City gets destroyed." Realizing this, the Combat Beast King made up his mind at last.


 He called out loudly, his voice echoing through the battlefield: "The situation is urgent, Little Du, go and take the last inheritance. You are our final hope to save everyone today!"


 "This old fellow is finally willing to give me the last part of his inheritance!" Zhan Bu Du sneered in his mind.


 Currently, he had already obtained the Beast Calamity true inheritance in various important places, and only the last part was missing.


 He had been in Star Collection City for many days, but the current generation Combat Beast King had not mentioned anything about it. Zhan Bu Du also had to temporarily pretend that he did not know the last part of the inheritance was in Star Collection City.


 "Little Du, go, I’ll be guarding this place."


 "Quickly go, Little Du, it’s up to you."


 "We’ll buy you time, even if it is the last moment of our lives, we’ll do our duty!"


 The Combat Beast Warriors urged.


 Undeniably, the Gu Immortals in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven were really different from the outside world of the five regions, they had the spirit to sacrifice and contribute their lives.


 Zhan Bu Du flew to the underground of the Star Snail Hall and arrived at the last altar.


 The altar shined brightly, the qilin heavenly spirit appeared all of a sudden.


 "Oh young man, you are qualified to inherit the entire Beast Calamity true inheritance. It’s time to tell you the truth about the world." The voice of the qilin heavenly spirit was like that of a young child, crisp and cute.


 After receiving the memories, Zhan Bu Du showed a look of shock and disbelief: "So our world is so small, the true way to use Gu worms is not by transformation! This is too unexpected."


 "Heavenly spirit, what do I do now?"


 The qilin heavenly spirit stood in front of Zhan Bu Du as it lowered its head: "Master, I don’t have any method now. Ever since the change in the tributary of the River of Time, the tribulations in the grotto-heaven had been appearing non stop. Among these tribulations, there is one myriad tribulation among them! I’m afraid I cannot escape this now, I will open the door now, master, you need to escape quickly."


 The moment Zhan Bu Du inherited the complete Beast Calamity true inheritance, the qilin heavenly spirit acknowledged him as master.


 Zhan Bu Du sighed deeply and was about to open his mouth, but suddenly his expression changed drastically, revealing genuine surprise: "No need, my main body has already arrived!"


 At the critical moment, Fang Yuan’s main body finally arrived.


 Looking at the poisonous smoke everywhere, Fang Yuan also felt a headache.


 Zhan Bu Du ordered the qilin heavenly spirit to open the grotto-heaven’s entrance, Fang Yuan came in here with no obstruction.


 Because he was no longer an intruder, and because the qilin heavenly spirit acknowledged a master, myriad beings assimilation transformation was no longer taking effect on Fang Yuan’s main body, he was able to come in personally.


 Thus, the Combat Beast Warriors in the battlefield saw an unimaginable scene.


 A man was floating in mid-air, his aura as strong as the sea. The poisonous smoke dragons seemed to be stimulated by the mysterious visitor, most of them turned towards Fang Yuan to kill him.


 "Who is he?"


 "Get away!"


 "Oh no, it’s too late."


 The Combat Beast Warriors roared in rage and despair as they watched Fang Yuan being heavily surrounded by the poisonous smoke dragons.


 At the moment the poisonous smoke dragons descended on him, Fang Yuan made his move.


 Rumble!


 In an instant, qi currents surged as wind and waves soared. The sky and earth changed color, all the poisonous smoke receded.


 Fang Yuan stood proudly in the sky, the poisonous smoke dragons around him dissipated, even the thick layer of poisonous smoke above his head was torn open to expose a huge hole. Bright light shined down through the round hole, causing Fang Yuan to be bathed in sunlight.


 The Combat Beast Warriors opened their mouths one by one, extremely shocked.


 As soon as Fang Yuan made his move, he displayed such intense might in battle. Furthermore,he did not use any transformations at all, he had used such great battle strength just by himself.


 This scene caused the long-standing cultivation thought process of the Combat Beast Warriors to crumble.


 For a moment, the crowd was at a loss.


 At this time, Fang Yuan slowly spoke, his voice clearly entering the ears of everyone present: "Little Du, where are you? Father is here."


 The group of immortals were surprised again!


 Zhan Bu Du flew out, looking surprised and teary-eyed: "Father, you’ve finally come out of seclusion. Please save the world."


 At the next moment, the entire Star Collection City went into an uproar.


 It turned out that this mysterious man was actually Zhan Bu Du’s father, no wonder he was so powerful!


 This was a secluded expert.


 They were saved, they were definitely saved!


 Fang Yuan sighed and spoke in a tone of bitter loss: "I never expected such a disaster to occur this time when I stayed in closed cultivation. It’s a pity that I was isolated from the outside world during my seclusion, if I had known earlier, I would never have let these poisonous smoke dragons wreak havoc for so long."


 After saying that, Fang Yuan struck again and quickly dispersed the entire area of poisonous smoke.


 However, there was too much poisonous smoke, spreading throughout the grotto-heaven, soon the poisonous smoke was replenished through the smoke at other areas.


 "Father, the situation is now under control, let’s go down and take a rest first." Zhan Bu Du said.


 "Okay." Fang Yuan nodded.


 Thus, the two of them slowly flew into Star Collection City amidst countless gazes of adoration, longing, awe, and curiosity.



***
Chapter 1918 Crucial Person


***





 



 Heavenly Court.


 Star Constellation Chessboard was half a foot off the ground, slowly rotating between Fairy Zi Wei and Feng Jin Huang, blossoming with brilliant starlight.


 The specks of starlight were so dazzling that they resembled blue fireflies, lightly jumping, sometimes swirling around the two, sometimes burrowing into their brains and colliding.


 The two sat opposite each other, both with their eyes closed and brows knitted tightly, pondering over some difficult question.


 The starlight slowly disappeared, Star Constellation Chessboard flew into Fairy Zi Wei’s hands.


 Fairy Zi Wei slowly opened her eyes, but Feng Jin Huang did not, she fell softly to the ground as she had passed out on the spot.


 "This child..." Fairy Zi Wei was not nervous, she merely sighed.


 She knew Feng Jin Huang’s condition like the back of her hand.


 In the end, Feng Jin Huang was only a Gu Master, unlike Fairy Zi Wei who was a rank eight great expert. The original deduction speed arranged by Fairy Zi Wei was very suitable for Feng Jin Huang.


 However, Feng Jin Huang insisted that she did not want to slow down the progress and waste Fairy Zi Wei’s time because of her own reasons. After all, Fairy Zi Wei was a key figure in Heavenly Court.


 When Feng Jin Huang slowly woke up, she found that she had already left the deduction hall and had returned to Central Great Hall.


 "Well done, Huang Er!" Duke Long looked at Feng Jin Huang and was extremely pleased: "You have actually improved the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, eliminating the flaw of this physique entirely. You are indeed worthy of being the fated Great Dream Immortal Venerable."


 Feng Jin Huang was a little embarrassed from the praise: "Master, to be honest, I was only able to do so by coincidence. Do you remember the killer move shatter dream I created previously? This modification was done based on its results. The entire process was thanks to Lady Zi Wei’s deductions, I was only playing a minor supplementary role in modifying the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique."


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "Little Huang Er, you’re too modest. It is precisely because you provided the correct direction that we were able to make our deductions. If not for that, I’m afraid that even if I had made many calculations, I would have gained nothing."


 Duke Long spoke with great solemness: "Huang Er, this perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is extremely significant to you, it is the key to your future achievements. You must grasp it well and remember that you must undergo immortal ascension using the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique in the future."


 Feng Jin Huang had never seen such solemnity from Duke Long before, she nodded her head: "Yes master, I will definitely keep that in mind."


 Duke Long nodded: "You can go, I still have important matters to discuss with Fairy Zi Wei."


 "This disciple takes her leave." Feng Jin Huang immediately left obediently.


 "This time, Huang Er was able to obtain the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, you deserve credit for that!" Duke Long said to Fairy Zi Wei.


 It was indeed so.


 Not only did Fairy Zi Wei play a major role in the deduction, but the original Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique was also obtained because she looked through the memories of Spectral Soul.


 Without this foundation, no matter how much inspiration or direction Feng Jin Huang had, she would not be able to make any progress.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "This is my duty. If you hadn’t captured Spectral Soul alive, I wouldn’t have been able to soul search him. Speaking of which, the one Huang Er has to thank is you, her master."


 Duke Long shook his head slightly: "This is shameful, as a master, I actually have very little to teach. I don’t know anything about dream path, but fortunately, Huang Er possesses an extraordinary talent in dream path. It is also an honor for me to be able to do something for the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable. How has the practice of the killer move benevolent equality gone recently?"


 Fairy Zi Wei’s face turned solemn: "There is no problem with benevolence Gu, as for the killer move, I have successfully activated it several times."


 "Did you find anything strange?" Duke Long pursued.


 Fairy Zi Wei denied: "Not at all."


 Duke Long intoned: "This means that benevolent equality is effective. But why haven’t we seen any results?"


 "Yes." Fairy Zi Wei’s eyebrows were knitted: "Using benevolent equality to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada is a plan we have had all along. Looking at Fang Yuan’s recent actions, all of them have been well planned and prepared, such as the battle in the River of Time, or the Dragon Palace fight, he had a good head start. He must have been reborn already, but why does no one on our side have memories of the previous life?"


 The effect of benevolent equality was just as the name implied. Once Fairy Zi Wei used the killer move, the people that she looked at during the process would experience equivalent changes to their conditions.


 For example, after Fairy Zi Wei used benevolent equality, she saw Fang Yuan’s rebirth. At the same time, she looked towards Duke Long.


 Then if Fang Yuan self-detonated using the killer move spring autumn success, his memories would go back to his past self. Duke Long would receive the same treatment, his memories would also go back to his former self.


 "We don’t know exactly what happened in Fang Yuan’s last life. Previously, it was speculated that we couldn’t borrow benevolence Gu, causing benevolent equality to be unusable. But now it seems we indeed gained this method."


 "So was this result the effect of Fang Yuan’s rebirth, and we actually did not gain benevolent equality in our previous life, or was it because something happened to me in the previous life, causing me to not use benevolent equality on him?"


 Fairy Zi Wei was in a predicament.


 A while after being awakened and understanding the current situation, Duke Long proposed to use benevolent equality to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was refined by his disciple, Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Demon Venerable knew the ways to deal with this cicada.


 The time of Fang Yuan’s rebirth was easily calculable by Fairy Zi Wei, it was at the time when Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land.


 The Fang Yuan before this and the Fang Yuan after this time had a different style of action and a completely different success rate in his plans.


 Before Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan failed to regain the upper extreme heavenly eagle and was trapped by Lu Wei Yin.


 After that, Fang Yuan had countless adequate preparations to deal with Heavenly Court’s attack. Heavenly Court’s side was repeatedly restrained, their advantages could not be utilized while their disadvantages were infinitely magnified, yet Fang Yuan was just the opposite.


 Duke Long pondered: "Actually, there is another possibility. In the previous life, you successfully used benevolent equality, but you saw no one else but Fang Yuan. Or perhaps this person is not a Gu Immortal who is loyal to Heavenly Court."


 There was a slight flicker of light in the eyes of Fairy Zi Wei: "If that’s the case, then who could this crucial person be?"


 Longevity Heaven.


 Bzzz bzzz bzzz....


 Orange-yellow light flickered endlessly, enveloping the sky of Longevity Heaven.


 Next, an aura started from an extremely weak state and grew rapidly, soon filling the world and shaking people’s hearts.


 Such a change had already attracted the attention of Five Elements Grandmaster, Bull Demon, and Flower Lady.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was a lone cultivator of Northern Plains, but after getting trapped by Longevity Heaven, he felt despair after struggling and decided to join Longevity Heaven, he was not stationed in Longevity Heaven permanently.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady were a duo that took the role of North Desolation Immortal together.


 "What happened?" Five Elements Grandmaster was very uncertain.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady looked at each other, seeing the joy on each other’s faces, the latter giggled: "West Desolation Immortal Bing Sai Chuan has awakened!"


 "Bing Sai Chuan?" Five Elements Grandmaster’s brows rose, he felt that the name was familiar.


 At this moment, there was a loud roar, ripples of light flickered in the sky, rainbows extended like rivers as they pierced through the horizons.


 A figure walked down from the river, he had a tall body and soft facial features, but his eyes were extremely sharp and icy, emitting a cold gaze. From his right ear to the left corner of his lips, there was an ugly scar, it was flickering with white light, while emitting the coldness of a thousand year profound ice.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was deeply shocked: "I remember now, this is the Bing Sai Chuan who was born in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s generation, he was a rank eight legend, a time path great expert, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had tried three times before subduing him. He did not die, he is actually the West Desolation Immortal of Longevity Heaven?!"


 Longevity Heaven was a bit different from Heavenly Court, it had Four Desolation Immortals and Eight Extremities, a total of twelve positions. Among which, the Four Desolation Immortals were only meant for rank eight Gu Immortals, while the Eight Extremities needed at least rank seven cultivation level, and they had to be elites among rank sevens.


 "Greetings, Senior West Desolation." Bull Demon and Flower Lady quickly went to greet him while Five Elements Grandmaster followed after with a reverent expression.


 West Desolation Immortal Bing Sai Chuan’s seniority was simply too high.


 Bing Sai Chuan went up to the three, he nodded after looking around: "I am awake but I do not have much lifespan, time is limited. Give me the information of the current world, I need to know about it."


 Longevity Heaven had very comprehensive information.


 They had detailed information of the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the reappearance of Dragon Palace in Eastern Sea, and Heavenly Court’s Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 "Fang Yuan... he actually extorted Southern Border’s righteous path using rank seven cultivation level, while causing huge problems for Heavenly Court time and again in the River of Time. He is truly a world-shaking person!"


 "Qi Sea Ancestor... able to fight equally with Duke Long? This is very rare, Eastern Sea has a lot of hidden depths."


 "There’s also Fang Di Chang, he actually refined Divine Bean Palace. Haha, this world really has no lack of experts!"


 After gaining intel, Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly with a heroic aura.


 After his laughter, Bing Sai Chuan’s eyes shined with bright light: "Since Fang Yuan is the person who destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he is the crucial person who Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable mentioned."


 Bull Demon, Flower Lady, and Five Elements Grandmaster were stunned.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s words involved the deep secrets of history.


 Did Giant Sun Immortal Venerable predict that Fang Yuan would destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building? If he could predict that, why would he let Fang Yuan succeed?


 Bing Sai Chuan did not answer them, he gave his orders: "We cannot let fate Gu be repaired completely, we need to stop them during this Refinement Path Convention. We have to contact Fang Yuan now and make an alliance!"


 "What?" The three immortals were shocked.


 Bing Sai Chuan frowned: "Can any of you contact Fang Yuan?"


 The three immortals shook their heads in a daze.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s brows furrowed even tighter: "Then what are you waiting for? Do I have to search for the way to contact Fang Yuan myself?"


 In the last life, Lang Ya Sect had joined Longevity Heaven, so they easily obtained a way to contact Fang Yuan from Lang Ya land spirit.


 But now, Fang Yuan absorbed the entire four races variant human alliance including Lang Ya blessed land, Longevity Heaven was not involved.


 Bing Sai Chuan wanted to contact Fang Yuan but he was stuck at the first step.



***
Chapter 1919 Immortal Gu Responsive Luck


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Northern Plains.


 "Are you all prepared?" Xue Er stood in the snow crystal formation as she observed the tens of frost qi lumps.


 "We are prepared, supreme elder." A female snowman rank five Gu Master knelt on the ground, speaking reverently.


 "Then go, remember to attend to them enthusiastically. Of course, if you suffer any misgivings, do not take it wordlessly." Xue Er thought about it and said.


 "Yes." The female snowman Gu Master left.


 Xue Er sighed a little.


 Ever since she had been placed here by Fang Yuan, she had been dedicated to the development of the snowman tribe. With the aid of Fang Yuan’s snow crystal formation, Xue Er worked hard and the size of the snowman tribe quadrupled under her command, turning into a huge variant human tribe.


 "My husband has finally brought in the human race... If I had the time, I’d love to go see for myself. Unfortunately, I can’t get away here." Xue Er looked at the frost qi, she felt downcast.


 She manipulated the formation, carefully maintaining it. Ever since Fang Yuan annexed Qi Sea grotto-heaven, his qi path dao marks had risen greatly, causing a tremendous impact to the sovereign immortal aperture, the effects had yet to stop, still gradually transforming every aspect of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 For example, the snowman tribe with Xue Er in charge had been experiencing a surge in frost qi, every few months, Xue Er had to come here personally to manipulate the formation and maintain it.


 If the frost qi gathers to a certain extent, beyond the limit, this frost qi would turn into a frost tide.


 A frost tide would be a calamity for the physically weak snowmen.


 As for the surroundings, it would be heavily damaged too. In fact, when the frost tide spreads out, it would be a problem for the whole of Mini Northern Plains.


 Because of the regional walls, the other four mini regions would not be affected by the frost tide.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan sent a letter to inform Xue Er that a city would be placed near the snowman tribe’s location. By then, he would need the snowman tribe to gather their people and send gifts while interacting with the newcomers.


 Xue Er naturally followed his instructions, but all along, her variant human group had been suppressed by humans all along, asking her to interact with the humans now made her feel some lingering fear from her past.


 If possible, Xue Er would like the whole of Mini Northern Plains to be ruled by snowmen.


 But that was just an impossible dream.


 Fang Yuan was a human after all, when his immortal aperture gets developed to an extent, he would bring in humans to live. That was the sign that an immortal aperture was prospering and growing.


 The snowman tribe’s group had just moved out when Mini Western Desert’s inkman group arrived at its destination.


 As the Inkman City Lord, Mo Tan Sang flew high in the sky, quietly awaiting.


 "It’s coming." Suddenly, his eyes shined with bright light.


 In the sky, a dazzling rainbow light flashed brightly.


 Around this colored profound light, the earth pushed out in all directions. The colored profound light grew larger and larger, gradually revealing the vague illusory phantom of a city.


 This phantom became more and more real, eventually the brilliant light dissipated, adding thousands of miles of land to the original location.


 A city was located at the center of the newly added land, it was the Sacred Eagle City of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 The inkman Gu Master group was already kneeling on the ground, praising and cheering at such a mystical sight, only when Mo Tan Sang gave the orders did they stand up.


 The gates of Sacred Eagle City opened, the city folks inside had already been informed and quickly gathered into a welcoming party.


 The two parties met at the city gates, as contact officially began.


 The people of Sacred Eagle City curiously sized up the dark-skinned, white-haired inkmen, the inkmen gradually let go of their worries.


 They had also been living under the heavy pressure of the human race for a long time, but they did not expect this new group of people to be so easygoing. The conversations stemmed from a place of equality, which made the inkmen happy from the bottom of their hearts.


 "Is this Lord Mo Tang Sang?" The Eagle Warrior who was in charge of Sacred Eagle City flew towards Mo Tan Sang: "From now on, we will be in your care."


 "Likewise, likewise." Mo Tan Sang smiled: "You don’t have to be too polite, we’re all allies here."


 Mini Blue Heaven.


 The cloud soil gathered into a small hanging continent.


 After the starlight flashed, a majestic city was suddenly added to this originally empty continent.


 This city was scarred and devastated, It was Star Collection City, which had resisted the poisonous smoke grand tribulation earlier.


 In the center of Star Collection City, there was already a brand new Star Snail Hall, which was a mortal Gu House that Fang Yuan had purposely built.


 As for the Star Sea Snail that originally served as the hall, it had been put into the treasury by Fang Yuan. This was an immemorial desolate beast, and the shell of the snail was an rank eight immortal material. If it was handed over to the old Combat Beast King, he would not know how to process it, he would only let the dao marks on the immortal material dissipate naturally. That would be too wasteful.


 "Is this your father’s world? It is so huge." The old Combat Beast King quietly left Star Collection City as he flew around, sighing to himself deeply.


 Accompanying him was none other than Zhan Bu Du: "This is Mini Blue Heaven. There are nine other places like this in my father’s immortal aperture world. I’m sure we’ll be able to live well here."


 The old Combat Beast King nodded and asked: "How do we contact the others?"


 "Use this. It is an information path mortal Gu." Zhan Bu Du took out a mortal Gu and handed it to the old Combat Beast King.


 The Combat Beast King’s cultivation was at rank eight but his knowledge was very shallow, this simple information path mortal Gu made him marvel in awe: "I can’t believe that Gu worms can be this useful."


 "This is how they should be used. The Beast Calamity true inheritance that I received says this as well." Zhan Bu Du smiled shyly: "Please don’t blame me, Grandpa Combat Beast King, my father wanted me to keep this as a secret."


 The old Combat Beast King nodded: "I understand. I wonder what your father wants me to do?"


 "For the time being, we would like Grandpa Combat Beast King and the other warriors to learn the traditional Gu cultivation method. This place is not safe, we have strong enemies outside." Zhan Bu Du said vaguely.


 The old Combat Beast King was shook: "Your father is willing to impart the true cultivation way to us?"


 "Of course he is. We are all allies." Zhan Bu Du smiled.


 Fang Yuan annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Getting rid of the myriad tribulation in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven expended a lot of his immortal essence and effort, but it could not stop Fang Yuan.


 He almost singlehandedly got rid of the grotto-heaven’s crisis, Fang Yuan’s reputation also rose to its peak.


 Next, with the help of Zhan Bu Du, the owner of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, he successfully annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven and brought it into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Different from the previous life, Fang Yuan had already made all the preparations now, he deduced everything in advance.


 After annexing the grotto-heaven, he split up the grotto-heaven and placed the different parts all over the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven had several major gathering spots, some contained a portion of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan placed Sacred Eagle City, Dark Valley, Spirit Spring Forest, Mountain Cliff City, Star Collection City in Mini Western Desert, Mini Southern Border, Mini Central Continent, Mini Northern Plains and Mini Blue Heaven respectively.


 Of course, other than that, the many major resource points in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven were also handled properly by Fang Yuan.


 Fully absorbing this grotto-heaven would take time.


 The fusing of ecologies needed to reach a balance, time was needed for that, as well as the patience of the Gu Immortals managing the place.


 Fang Yuan obtained myriad beings assimilation transformation again, the qilin heavenly spirit was also alive at the largest piece of territory.


 Fang Yuan gained more than two hundred thousand transformation path dao marks from this!


 In the previous life, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven gave him over a hundred thousand transformation path dao marks only. But in this life, because of Fang Yuan’s arrangements, there was ample time to trigger the second myriad tribulation.


 The original owner of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven only survived the first myriad tribulation before dying. By the time Fang Yuan discovered Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, its second myriad tribulation was approaching.


 After passing the second myriad tribulation, Beast Calamity grotto-heaven gained another hundred thousand dao marks.


 Thus, in terms of transformation path dao marks, Fang Yuan gained about double of them this time.


 The more dao marks he had, the better it was for him.


 "Oh, Bing Sai Chuan has awakened, he wants to cooperate?" Fang Yuan received this information and smiled.


 Even though Longevity Heaven could not contact Fang Yuan directly, they found a method to do so.


 They knew that Southern Border’s righteous path had been extorted by him before, they definitely had ways to contact him. Thus, by finding one of Southern Border’s super forces, and paying a high price, they would gain this method.


 Bing Sai Chuan immediately talked to Fang Yuan, saying that he wished to cooperate with him.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan was a little puzzled, but this time, he understood the reason.


 "Bing Sai Chuan wants to work together and gather everyone’s strength to try to snatch fate Gu away."


 "However, I need them to attack Heavenly Court as well, they will test the water for me and lure away some firepower."


 Fang Yuan was wary about many things in Heavenly Court.


 For example, Genesis Lotus’ painting path method, or the game of chess between two venerables in Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 Fang Yuan agreed to cooperate with Bing Sai Chuan.


 This instead made Bing Sai Chuan have some doubts: "Why did Fang Yuan agree to this so readily? He is likely suspicious of us, he wants to see our future actions."


 Bing Sai Chuan frowned, he felt that he should find an opportunity to fight together with Fang Yuan and show his sincerity.


 But after thinking about it, Bing Sai Chuan could not find any suitable targets.


 In the previous life, he had no such worries. Be it the River of Time’s stone lotus island or Dragon Palace, he could ally with Fang Yuan to fight.


 But in this life, Fang Yuan changed many things. He obtained Dragon Palace in advance, the River of Time battle ended in Heavenly Court’s defeat, they had not recovered even now, still being fearful to step into this forbidden ground that Fang Yuan personally created.


 Heavenly Court.


 Qin Ding Ling looked at Feng Jiu Ge, smiling: "Tell me, since you approached me personally, what is your request?


 Towards this exemplary junior who was also the Dao Guardian of the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable, Qin Ding Ling was quite appreciative.


 Feng Jiu Ge hesitated for a while before speaking: "I would like to borrow a rank eight luck path Immortal Gu from senior — Responsive Luck."


 Qin Ding Ling was slightly surprised, before she realized: "Sure, I agree to your request."


 Saying so, she handed responsive luck Immortal Gu to Feng Jiu Ge on the spot.


 Feng Jiu Ge was slightly stunned.


 Qin Ding Ling said: "I know that you are creating a new killer move, this responsive luck Immortal Gu must be very helpful to you, otherwise, with your nature, you will not ask to borrow my Gu worm."


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded, receiving responsive luck Immortal Gu: "That is correct."


 He had already created an eighty percent complete destiny song, he found that rank eight fate armor Immortal Gu could not shoulder the grand and vast destiny song, he needed another luck path Immortal Gu as the core.


 With Feng Jiu Ge’s current understanding, responsive luck Immortal Gu was the most suitable for him.


 Qin Ding Ling looked at this Immortal Gu and sighed: "The Immortal Gu recipe for responsive luck Immortal Gu was not actually created by me, I had secretly taken a look at the manuscript written by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. In the future, if you use this Gu to deal with the Northern Plains Gu Immortals, we will give them a taste of their own medicine. I will give this Immortal Gu to you."


 Feng Jiu Ge thanked Qin Ding Ling as he said: "This Gu is not enough, I will need to head to the River of Time, view the past and present, and observe the paths of all lives."


 Qin Ding Ling frowned: "According to what I know, even though Heavenly Court is working at full speed, we have only created one time path Immortal Gu House as of now. Going to the River of Time now is simply courting death. Let me take a look at your luck, to try to find a hidden chance for you."


 Feng Jiu Ge thanked her once again.



***
Chapter 1920 Convention Begins


***





 



 The River of Time flowed endlessly.


 Heavenly Court.


 Discussion hall.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals gathered, there were few Gu Immortals who did not come, this was the largest gathering that Heavenly Court had in the last thousand years.


 Duke Long sat at the highest seat, he looked around: "We have explained our plan, go ahead and execute it. Whether we can restore the glory of Heavenly Court will depend on everyone’s hard work."


 "We will do our best!" All of the immortals resounded, they were very motivated.


 The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention that would affect all five regions and the future of the world was about to begin!


 Once news got out, the world was shaken.


 Thanks to Fang Yuan’s intentional spread of news, all the Gu Immortals knew of the importance of this Refinement Path Convention. But mortal Gu Masters had no idea, they thought that this Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was like the usual ones in the past.


 Gu Masters started to move, heading towards Central Continent.


 Each Central Continent Refinement Path Convention would attract the Gu Masters of the other four regions to participate, it involved all five regions and was a huge event.


 But this time was slightly different from the beginning.


 Western Desert.


 A huge group of Gu Masters stood in front of the regional wall.


 A youngster sighed loudly: "Father, if I were not seeing this personally, I simply could not believe there is such an amazing thing in the world."


 "This is the regional wall. Once we get past this, we will reach Central Continent." The middle aged Gu Master beside the youngster said: "After entering the regional wall, our vision will be restricted, by then, you need to stay by my side and not get lost. Understood?"


 "Yes father, I will." The youngster nodded obediently.


 "Mm." Zhang Quan looked at his son Zhang Ping, feeling very proud.


 His son had strong refinement path talent, for his future development, Zhang Quan brought him on a journey to participate in the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, to train his refinement path ability and also to gain some knowledge.


 "What sound is that?" At the next moment, Zhang Quan looked up in confusion.


 Next, his pupils shrunk as he showed great shock.


 A huge meteor that was the size of a hill crashed down towards them.


 The surrounding Gu Masters screamed in fear.


 "Why is this happening? We’re doomed!" Instantly, Zhang Quan felt great regret. If he had decided to travel to Central Continent alone, his son would not die with him.


 Boom!


 The meteor crashed down on the ground, causing an earthshaking explosion.


 Zhang Quan and the rest died without intact corpses.


 In the sky, an inkman Gu Immortal looked around coldly before leaving.


 Similar scenes were happening all over the five regions.


 These Gu Immortals were all Fang Yuan’s subordinates, they had received his order to prevent people from joining the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 Next, Fang Yuan publicly announced in treasure yellow heaven: "If anyone joins the Refinement Path Convention, you will be making an enemy out of me, one day, I will find you and settle the score!"


 The Gu Immortals of the five regions sighed in amazement: The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention had just started but Fang Yuan made his move already. As expected of the Little Demon Venerable, he was rampant and brutal.


 Heavenly Court was enraged!


 Because the assault of Fang Yuan’s subordinates would cause much fewer Gu Masters to join the convention, it would be disadvantageous in repairing fate Gu.


 Different from the previous life, Fang Yuan ordered his subordinates to only move around Northern Plains, Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea. This way, Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could not head to the other four regions and save these people.


 During this period of time, if Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals head to the other four regions, they would be angering and provoking the other four regions’ super forces.


 Heavenly Court could only accuse Fang Yuan of his heinous crimes and communicate with the righteous paths of the other regions to get them to take revenge on this terribly demonic act.


 The righteous paths of the other four regions responded loudly but they took little action, even if they did anything, they were merely doing it superficially, creating a lot of noise but little effect.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan acted in Central Continent itself and was faced with much obstruction not long after.


 In this life, Fang Yuan took action in advance, he immediately gained huge results in battle.


 The waves of Gu Masters rushing to Central Continent immediately ceased.


 Nobody wanted to die just because of one Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 Furthermore, the four regions’ super forces had also stopped their own Gu Masters from joining the convention, it caused this current Refinement Path Convention to be very sparse in attendants.


 Central Continent, Unification Sect.


 As one of the sign up locations of the Refinement Path Convention, it was filled with people and commotion as well.


 "The Refinement Path Convention is about to start! Strange, why do I not see people from the other four regions?" Luo Sheng sighed.


 In the previous Refinement Path Convention, he had lost to a Northern Plains Gu Master by chance, this time, he was trying to find that Northern Plains Gu Master again for a rematch.


 Luo Sheng was eager to prove himself.


 "But Central Continent is too large, the five regions are too broad, geniuses are everywhere."


 He looked around and found that three people here were tough opponents for himself.


 One was an old man that had been reputed for many years, he was also a refinement path master. Another was a young man, and the last one was a young girl. The former had performed well in the previous convention while the latter was a rising star that had emerged in the last ten years.


 "This Refinement Path Convention is still going to be that intense!"


 "I must make good use of this opportunity, I cannot fail anymore..."


 "I will prove myself, I will let my wife and children be proud!"


 Boom!


 At the next moment, a huge ancient year beast descended from the sky, crushing the entire hall to ruin.


 All of his grand ambitions vanished into thin air.


 The young Gu Master with a great future, the genius young girl who was thought of highly, they all died pitifully on the spot, their bones and flesh were mashed together, even the corpses could not be seen clearly.


 In the sky, Bai Ning Bing’s figure flashed rapidly.


 She was in charge of moving around, every destination she reached, she released ancient year beasts. As for the result, Fang Yuan said that she did not need to be concerned with that.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan sent variant human Gu Immortals to kill Gu Master participants in advance. Now, he ordered Shadow Sect’s immortals to infiltrate Central Continent and use ancient year beasts to destroy the sign-up locations, to create bloodshed as countless elite Gu Masters face their end.


 After learning of this situation, Heavenly Court immediately spread news of the truth.


 "There really are immortals in this world..."


 "The culprit behind everything is Fang Yuan!"


 "Fang Yuan, you killed my father, I will definitely take revenge for this immense hatred!"


 "Even rank fives are just ants if they do not become Gu Immortals."


 "Immortals are high and mighty, why must I sacrifice my life for a mere Refinement Path Convention? Forget it, forget it."


 "I must go! If I do not go, wouldn’t I fall into that Fang Yuan’s scheme?"


 Some were fearful, some felt emotional, some backed out, while some became determined.


 "They are trying to gather the rage of the people and accumulate human will." In the previous life, Fang Yuan did not know what Heavenly Court was doing, but now, he was deeply aware.


 Fang Yuan quickly ordered his subordinates to stop.


 Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s Gu Immortals gathered rage and hatred, they were about to take action when they found that Fang Yuan’s subordinates all vanished without a trace.


 "Isn’t Fang Yuan trying to destroy the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention? Why did he stop?" The four regions’ super forces who were watching the show felt very perplexed.


 In a secret meeting in Southern Border, Wu Yong analyzed some of Fang Yuan’s thoughts: "Fang Yuan had an early advantage, if he continues, Heavenly Court will deduce the locations of his attackers, he will lose many subordinates."


 "Then will Fang Yuan attack again?" Someone asked.


 "Of course." Wu Yong said without doubt: "But before that, we need to move out secretly too."


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan attacked personally and caused destruction, not long after, he was marked by the killer move people’s accusation, he had to hide while his subordinates like Bai Ning Bing took action.


 This time, Fang Yuan lurked and concealed himself while ordering his subordinates to cause destruction and bloodshed.


 Others were not like Fang Yuan who could defend against Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions using wisdom path methods. Thus, Fang Yuan ordered Bai Ning Bing and the rest to hide themselves after causing some level of destruction.


 The Refinement Path Convention had just started.


 The huge battle had not begun, these subordinates were still very useful to Fang Yuan.



***
